THE GUEST (BOOK 3)

Yufeng Zhuang
Copyright 2012 by Yufeng Zhuang
Smashwords Edition


Chapter 1
Under the moonlight, you should be mine

The Federation don’t discriminate against gays, even some states in the S2 region have began to promote the gay marriage act. 
If the longest history, the most mysterious Tai family, seven generations no more than one successor come to today, suddenly have a homosexual tendency successor, it’s afraid of only one thing, that the federal President and the rest of the several big families would stay awake happily for days. 
However, besides like the miss of the Channing family, that kind of people having the confused thinking because of too surprised, nobody think the successor of the Tai family would really be gay.
All the shocked and confused eyes in the field cast to the in the light beams Sheilor, the wonder sound couldn’t be silenced for a long time. The people know more about the truth of this dancing party, the more they felt it amazing. Especially that group came a long way, came to attend the dancing party men and women for a special purpose, completely couldn’t accept this fact. They thought subconsciously, the lighting control of the central computer should have some problems.
However, the light beams were not moving at all, Sheilor that ordinary face was bathed in the silver light, actually has a few more charming flavor. Even his that wrinkled eyebrows because of puzzled, also look very tasteful.
Youzhi silently and straightly stares at the on the center of the field Sheilor, she thought that she is the only one in the field, knew that Charlie Tai knows Sheilor. But watching this scene, she knew that even her prince brother is impossible to be gay, but in his eyes, today this she had already prepared for a long time and long-awaited dancing party… is just a farce, he even could be mischievous to this point!
Her prince brother won’t pick a dancing partner, perhaps he has already had a dancing partner, even if he want to choose, he also wouldn’t choose her. There was no any emotion in Youzhi’s eyes, she just raised her head and took a look at the direction of the second floor in sorrow.
There is nobody on the second floor, her holding the empty champagne glass hand began to shiver, the endless disappointment and exhaustion emerged into her heart, that enchanting red dress like the blood made her heart palpitated a little. She felt the she was like a big joke, the fingers felt weak suddenly, the empty champagne glass fell down to the ground, with the sound “pa”, broken into many pieces, couldn’t piece them back together any more.
In the rear of the crowd, Shielding frowned slightly, drew his looking at the champagne glass eyes back, looked at the in the middle of the dancing ground incomparably stunned Sheilor, also couldn’t understand what actually happened.
Earlier when Sheilor rushed out, he was ready to watch a good play, wanted to see how his brother supplanted in love in front of that prince…
But he didn’t think of, that eccentric and mysterious prince, would have a play like this unexpectedly? Didn’t Sheilor know the prince before? The eyebrows of Shielding were knitted deeper, a flicker of doubt flashed in his clear eyes. 
He turned his head around subconsciously to look at his that “uncle” by his side, wanted to know some information from this intelligence chief. But he found out unexpectedly, the other party didn’t have any surprised look on his face, just looking at the in the light beams Sheilor gently, it seemed that he has already guessed all of this.
“What do you know?” Shielding lowered his voice, asked coldly, “you have already known that Sheilor knows the prince, so you want to know Sheilor through me?”
The number two character of the anti-government army had a smile slightly, said in a soft voice, “in the intelligence, only said that Sheilor once went whoring with that prince together, I think that his kind of friendship should be not bad. But I also didn’t think of that this prince would be so naughty, pushed your friend out like this.”
Shielding that delicate eyebrows had a shiver, suddenly he thought of that several days ago Sheilor gave him that phone call, could it be said that Sheilor didn’t go corruption because of the lovelorn pain that morning, but went whoring with the successor of the Tai family together? Once he thought of this, Shielding felt shocked greatly.
The one felt more surprised than Shielding, without doubt is Charming who is standing on the opposite of Sheilor. She covered her mouth tightly with her hands, looked at the standing in front not far away and in the silver light Sheilor. At the first moment, she had already guessed why Sheilor would come to the middle of the dancing floor just now, but she just couldn’t understand, why the light beams would envelop Sheilor in deliberately.
Sheilor also didn’t understand, but he knew that the people on the second is Charlie Tai, so he knew that this let him exposed in front of people light, should be the trick of that guy. He turned his head around, was ready to find the figure of Charlie Tai behind the fence of the second floor, let him hurry to turn off this damn light.
The growth experience from a child, let Sheilor not very adapt to become the focus of attention of everybody. What’s more, he also carried an extremely big secret. What made him more not adapt is, he doesn’t have the wings on his back, in the light beams such like this, could it be said that he could fly up…
Just at the moment when he turned his head around, whit the exclamations in the field around, he was surprised to find out, that somewhat dazzling light beams over his head left him… floated toward the not far away Charming!
The situation changed suddenly, watched the move of that light beam, the exclamations sounded up again. Charming couldn’t believe to look at that shift to her light beam, her right foot moved a step back subconsciously, wanted to escape it, but she stopped at the last moment.
In the silver light, the pure like the sky dressed in blue girl, was in the eyes of everybody instantly.
Sheilor was anxious, he turned his head around and shouted at the second floor, “Charlie Tai, this is mine!”
There are already too many surprises in the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival of the Pear Garden university today, but in the light beam that dreamlike scene, this young boy student in front of so many people, resonated or even somewhat coarse to declare the ownership for a certain girl, still let everybody feel surprised. Especially some observant and conscientious people, thought of that earlier he seemed to reprimand the name of the successor of the Mend Foundation directly.
The in front of the light screen Charlie Tai, after he heard this loud words, couldn’t help to laugh out, but had some uneasiness in the held-back smile, he said to himself in a soft voice, “of course I know that she is yours.”
A calm yet able to make the listeners quiet voice sounded up in the dancing party field, this voice sounds very ordinary, but it seems to have the sense of magic, momentarily repressed down all the exclamations and the talking sounds in the field, let the field become all quiet.
That was Charlie Tai the gentle and polite voice, after he express his apology first, he then explained in the soft voice, “… now standing in the field of the dancing floor, standing in the silver light of two moons, are one of my friend and his beloved girl… once there were many beautiful stories in the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival, including my parents… I hope that in my adult ceremony, also could have a beautiful story to circulate for years, please give them the applause and blessing.”
The story goes to this degree, the people in the dancing party thought that they finally knew what happened, after a moment of quiet, the rapturous applause sounded up. A small part of the applause is for praising the generosity of that successor of the Mend Foundation, who is on the second floor of the building, let his own adult ceremony become the scene for his friend to propose. But most of the applause is for that pair bathed in the silver moonlight man and woman, wanted to give them their blessings. 
Sheilor then noticed at this time, the light beam over his head didn’t disappear, the light beam moved to Charming there was just only one of the two light beams. The night is getting deep at this time, the applause sound up, the moonlight spill down through the transparent doom, in the dim dancing floor, only two light beams fell on him and Charming respectively, it’s very conspicuous… 
Charming put down the covered her mouth hands surprised, looked at the enveloped in the light Sheilor walking to her step by step. In the eyes of those bystanders all around, along with Sheilor’s steps, the light beam over his head also followed him to move, and gradually almost folded together with that in the moonlight blue dress girl.
Just like in the sky over the head, those two moons were getting to fold together gradually, what a beautiful picture this is, the applause is getting louder, and also mixed with some roguish whistles.
Sheilor finally walked to the front of Charming, he looked at the girl that oblique-shoulder blue lovely dimities, but fell into silence, he didn’t know what he supposed to say for a moment.
Yes, at this time the beautiful scene is just like a dream, it is enough to let all the people revel in it. Sheilor also appreciated deeply, Charlie Tai would arrange this so unexpected scene for him. But he is a down-to-earth person, he always felt that the dream is just a dream, it’s not life.
Charming also didn’t talk, she just sipped her lips tightly, looking at him stubbornly. In the image and longing of ever young man or woman to the future and to the love, tonight happened in the dancing party this scene, must be the most wonderful courtship scene. She also not really had the fantasy for this before, but watched the fantasy became the reality in front of her, her mood was abnormally complicated and strange, she didn’t know how come the dancing party would become the look like this.
Because of the silence of the protagonists, the applause in the field died down gradually.
Charming lowered her head, said in a low voice, “the man on the upstairs is Charlie Tai?”
Didn’t expect that her first words would be this, Sheilor’s mood was somewhat low, he said with a sight bitter, “all of this everything… you are just in order to approach him?”
The talking voice between two of them is very low, no one could hear what they were talking about. In the eyes of other people, it’s afraid of only one thing, they thought that they are saying some sweet lover’s honeyed words.
Charming raised her head slowly, the moonlight shone on her that tender and lovely cheeks, even shone clearly those fine hair around her ears. Her that delicate and pretty sylphlike eyes bad a blink, forcibly repressed that flicker of anger in her heart, asked in a soft voice, “you are his friend? You know that I want to approach him, so you have been fooling me?”
Sheilor frowned slightly, answered her, “it’s you who have been deceiving me… I don’t know why you want to approach him, and I also don’t want to know. I just want to know, those days, that night, really have what kind of meaning to you.”
The expression in the eyes of Charming was dim a bit, she knew what Sheilor said is true. She had always thought that Sheilor is just a simple and sincere poor student, couldn’t imagine it at all, the target which she came back to the university town for, is the friend of the other party… the successor of the Tai family, how would he become friends with Sheilor? 
Her mood was very complicated and chaotic, heard this words, she felt that her heart was stabbed once by the needle ruthlessly, incomparably painful.
“I am sorry.” Charming took a deep breath, felt that the things in this world were really ridiculous. Just same as that not far away behind her, the like ice cube the miss of the Chad family, she felt that this dancing party, especially herself, was simply just a joke. 
In the silver light of the two moons, the girl was very sad, for her own belief, for the thing she was willing to sacrifice… she was once painful to give up her own love. But at the end of the story, she then found out, after all at that time… she didn’t need to give up anything at all. 
This kind of pain, would be how disappointing and helpless.


Chapter 2
That Tai family

Not every story have a happy ending, not the end of every fairy tale, the prince and the princess will live together happily forever. Today in the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival, in the silver moonlight, this pair of fall silent with each other man and woman, originally they are not what prince and princess, and the story between them is somewhat complicated, the god deliberately made the obstacle named misunderstanding and unfortunately. The most crucial thing is, they are the people walking in the different life orbits themselves, at this time, they have completely different worldly ideals and goals from each other.
“I don’t know dance.” Sheilor silenced for a moment, looked at Charming that showed outside of the formal attire silky shoulders, stared at this girl that lovely collarbones, suddenly thought of pure autumn these two words, “I don’t know what is your secret, if you have any important and necessary purpose to approach Charlie Tai, maybe I can report what you say to him.” he said.
“I don’t know dance neither.” Charming slightly held the hung down by the waist hands tightly, the voice is a bit weak, “and dance with me, will get you in trouble.”
Sheilor raised his head and looked at her into the eyes, said calmly, “just like what I said that day outside of the teaching building, I always feel that you like me, since it is so, why can’t we stay together?”
“I don’t have any alternative.” Charming raised her head slightly, the light unwilling and stubborn on her face were shown thoroughly, “I also didn’t expect that the thing would develop0 into today this way, my mind is in a mess badly by now. At this time, no matter what I say to you, what I ask you for… all will let me feel that I am using you, and I don’t like this kind of feeling.”
Sheilor couldn’t understand this sentence, but he felt somewhat heavy in the heart naturally, he said after a moment, “whenever, you want to tell me your secret, please contact me, I always have time at any time for you.”
Charming lowered her body slightly, had a ritual to him, said in the soft voice, “perhaps there is never that day… I am sorry.”
“You have said too many times sorry in these days.” Sheilor was somewhat angry to narrow his eyes, “I don’t like to listen to it.” he said.
“Alright.” Charming suddenly bulged her face and laughed, appeared very lovely, slanted her head to aside and blinked to him, “since we all don’t know how to dance, then I am leaving first.”
Just in this lovely and clean appearance, but Sheilor could see the sadness in the heart of the girl, his mood also felt heave with it. He watched helplessly that Charming turned her body around very neatly, walked to the exit of the dancing party.
It became great agitated in the dancing party field, the eyes of people followed the leaving of Charming, that light beam also didn’t behave well following the leaving of Charming. Everybody thought this would be another romantic story, which would be remembered for years in the history of the Pear Garden university’s dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival, but nobody thought of, the leading lady of the story would leave silently like this unexpectedly.
Looked at the blue dress girl fading away with the light beam, the people watching this scene, always felt that they were watching a stage play in the Gortect grand theater of the Capital. 
Sheilor had a kind of unspeakable light sadness in the heart naturally, after he watched silently the sight of Charming’s back for a moment, he turned his back around without any hesitation, and walked toward the opposite direction to leave. 
The light beam over his head still enveloped him inside of it, moved along with his that seemed slightly lonely figure. If previous the light beam was very romantic and moving, then the light beam at this moment would seem especially dazzling. Sheilor’s mood was somewhat depressed, he raised his head and narrowed his eyes to look at the light over his head, said suddenly, “it’s not filming the tragedy movie, why do you still make the what atmosphere out?!”
The mood in this sentence is very wrong, it has a kind of anger hidden under the calm. The light beam also seemed to feel afraid, it was turned off instantly. The whole dancing hall fell into the darkness, only over the head that pair of don’t know how many thousands miles away bright moons, spill down the clear silver light.
The light lit up once again, the graceful dance music sounded up again, the Pear Garden university’s dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival kept going on again, the waiters holding the wine glasses and food to run through them. But the atmosphere of the field has already been somewhat awkward, it’s hard to get back to earlier that kind of lively and happy mood any more.
Some people had already left. Charming left alone, Youzhi left with the desperate and sorrow expression. Even that group came from the Capital rich children also left the party scene silently, in their views, today the behavior of the Tai family successor, is really a simply farce. Of course, the other party has this kind of qualification. But their moods were not that good, especially when they thought of the encounters after they came to the Coastal state, these people, before they left, stared at the back figure of Sheilor a few eyes coldly.
The life still will continue, especially for the general federal young people, the major play of the dancing party didn’t have the happy ending, but their love still will ferment in the moonlight. Accompanied with the melodious music, the atmosphere was getting actively, many pairs of dancing partners walked down into the dancing floor, and began to dance trippingly.
The previously gone for a moment Shielding stood back to his position, calmly looked at the walking to him Sheilor, said in a very low voice, “the twelve agents of the Secret Service are all outside of the building, inside of the building should be the own bodyguards of the Tai family.”
The middle-aged man looked at the walking closer and closer Sheilor, had a smile slightly. This spy chief of the anti-government army believes in Eagle the ability to handle the affairs, he didn’t worry about his own safety that much, instead he talked about another topic, “I suddenly thought of, if Youzhi succumbed to your threat, if not suddenly had this scene appeared, whether Charming would go up to the second floor?”
“I am not used to evaluate the ability of the amateur.” Shielding looked straight to the front, his look was very calm.
“No, I do really appreciate the arrangement of comrade Medellin.” the middle-aged man said with a smile, “the more amateur, the easier to succeed… like you this kind of professionals, in fact, it’s getting harder and harder to muddle along.”
Shielding raised his eyebrows a bit, but he didn’t reply, he patted the walked to his front Sheilor on the shoulders, to show the comfort to his friend. The middle-aged man looked at Sheilor and had a smile.
Just at this time, a waiter came to the front of these three people, very polite to give the invitation to Sheilor.

Sheilor looked at the middle-aged man by his side, “uncle, when did you come up to here?” he asked.
That waiter just kept his calm manner to stand by the side, he just represents his master to give the invitation, as for how that hideous look middle-aged man came up to here, it needs the filter of the security department, it’s not within the scope of his work.
The middle-aged had a smile, he said, “no one stopped me… anyway, didn’t you just promise me, as long as you can come up to the second floor, you will bring me with you?” 
This words is obviously false, the security of the site of the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival looks like very relaxed, actually from the first floor to the second floor, didn’t know how many checkpoints needed to pass through. Although having Sheilor as the cover, but the ability of this middle-aged man is really too horrific.
The door was opened at this time, Sheilor was indifferent to shrug his shoulders, in the lead of the waiter, accompanied with this strange uncle to walk to the inside. 
This is a very big suite, the ground was covered with the wool-like carpet, the decorations around are quite ancient, can’t see too many modern electronic style, even one curtain, or a lamp, all appear so elegant.
Just right in the deepest place of the suite, on a very big sofa, sitting a face slightly pale young man, or call him the youngster would be more appropriate. Because every time when Sheilor saw him, always felt his body is very weak, his figure is somewhat gaunt.
“Thank you…” suddenly know the true identity of this youngster on the opposite side, although it is still far not his that most true identity, but Sheilor still felt like there is a door, shut down between Charlie Tai and him, he felt that he couldn’t get used to it in a short time, his voice was a bit acerbity, “I didn’t expect that you would give me such a big surprise.”
Charlie Tai obviously guessed the reaction after Sheilor saw him, he just had a smile slightly, pointed at a chair by his side, “sit down, no need to be too formal.”
It’s very wonderful, this kind of tone is generally the tone which the superior talks to his subordinate, but Charlie Tai said it out, it appeared so natural. Sheilor frowned slightly, he was somewhat not used to it, and also was somewhat uncomfortable, but he still sat on the chair by the side of the sofa.
There is a bit quiet in the room, these two people seemed to don’t know what topic they supposed to talk about, after all, in the past, most of the time they talk through the communicators and that piece of paper. Even they met later on, but the really talking time like the normal people was not that much. Sheilor didn’t know what the Mend Foundation is, much less knew what the meaning the Tai family represents in the federation. He also didn’t know the history of Charlie Tai, but he still felt that the in the sofa Charlie Tai at this time, was not that Charlie Tai which the same one he knows at night normally.
The Charlie Tai he knew at the night is a somewhat pride, somewhat indifferent, and somewhat boring ordinary young man. But the Charlie Tai at this moment, is more like a born to have some kind of momentum monster.
In the silence, the only alternative is that following Sheilor to come into the room middle-aged man, the middle-aged man put the hands behind his waist, like a tourist, very interested to keep looking at the small ornaments in the room, it looked like that he didn’t want to participate in this conversation at all.
But the been silently standing by the side of the sofa steward Ken, had been using a kind of complicated eyes to stare at that middle-aged man, he suddenly opened his mouth and asked, “schoolfellow Sheilor, who is this?”
Sheilor was in a daze, had a smile embarrassedly, introduced to Charlie Tai and that met once steward Ken, “this is my friend’s uncle, earlier he wanted me to bring him come up to the second floor to take a look. I didn’t know that you are on the second floor, so I promised him thoughtlessly, but I didn’t expect that he would really come up to here with me.”
“You didn’t know, but that doesn’t mean that all the people don’t know.” Charlie Tai took a look at that middle-aged man, said with a smile, “would you like to sit down and have a chat?”
“You talk first, you talk first, I am not in a hurry.” the number two character of the anti-government army, totally didn’t have the consciousness of being in the dangerous situation, he was smiling to wave his hand.
Come to speak wonderful of it, he said like this, Charlie Tai really ignored him unexpectedly, just let this middle-aged man wandered in his own room freely. He turned his head around and said to Sheilor with a smile, “let me introduce myself again, Sheilor, my name is Charlie Tai.”
The atmosphere in the room finally was relaxed a bit, Sheilor said with a smile, “of course I know, I also guessed that you family must be very rich, but I didn’t expect that your family would be so rich to this point… I heard about the Mend Foundation.”
“But I think, you definitely don’t know my true identity.” Charlie Tai looked at him and said calmly, “the Mend Foundation is only the thing let the ordinary people see… our family and other some relatively rich and leisure families gather together, the people of the federation gave it a wording, known as the seven big families… I think you should have heard of it before.”
Sheilor was stunned to hear these words, he suddenly thought of that long time ago, he had already felt that the name Tai was somewhat familiar, he felt incredibly and asked, “is the one that the ancestor was once the emperor… that Tai family?”
“Not that many people would remember the things tens of thousands of years ago, it looks like that you learn the history pretty well.” Charlie Tai said with a smile.


Chapter 3
The seven big families

For thirty seven Constitution Calendars, the federation has already had many times reforms of the political structure, although the essence doesn’t have too many changes, but it still has the difference of new and old. The last big reform in the federation, occurred in more than six hundred years ago, people also get used to call the recent federation the new federation.
But whether in the old or the new history textbook of the federal schools, the human civilization about before the beginning of the Constitution Calendar, is always described quite vague. Perhaps it was too long ago, then don’t have the full and accurate historical information. Or perhaps because the educators of the federation thought, should let the bathed in the light of the democracy and freedom citizens, look at the better future more, but not because of the aesthetic illusion which was caused by the time difference, to recall that actually not that good monarchy era.
Just because these reasons, besides those special historical scholars, not many federal citizens still concern about that existed in tens of thousand years ago imperial power society. Although the schools still teach these things in the history textbook, but not many people could remember it, the name of that last reign imperial family is Tai.
So when Sheilor blurted out the origin of the Tai family, Charlie Tai also couldn’t help to be somewhat surprised, he praised his history knowledge with a smile. Sheilor immersed in the shock, didn’t hear the praise of the other party, just subconsciously recalled those years in the East Forest Region, those days uncle Fengyu let him stay in the library to read the books every single day.
The history of the dynasty was too long ago, but the seven big families of the federation, have been engraved in the minds of all the federal citizens. Even Sheilor was in the far remote East Forest Region in those years, he also know that there are seven extremely huge influence families in the federation. The industries of these families spread in many aspects in the federation, in the dark affect the whole federation in the energy development, the finance, the welfare, the employment…
No matter how the federal President changed, or how the senator election occur repeatedly, all will not affect the position of these seven big families in the federation. Just like what a old saying says: the federation is the seven big families.
This sentence might be a bit exaggerated, but nobody could ignore the shadow which these seven big families exist in the federal history of civilization. The most horrific thing is, nobody knows how big the shadow of these seven big families.
In the early time of the Constitution Calendar, every once in a while, the federal government might appeared a President deeply gained the esteem support of the public, or a strong Management Committee collectivity, these politicians always tried in the support of the public and the media, let the operation of the federation completely break away from the influence of the seven big families. 
But not matter how those successful Presidents, or the strong Management Committees passed any kind of laws or executive orders, they still couldn’t find out the real actual strength of these seven big families.
The citizen property claims act, the cooperation property clear regulation, the antitrust law, the first repair bill of the antitrust law… countless laws and regulations, in front of the silence of these families, didn’t fully have their should have effects in the end. 
The federation in those times, as if the battlefield which the government and the seven big families fight desperately. There were three Presidents assassinated, until now still have not found out the truth. And the seven big families also in the strict control of the government, suffered the great interest loss, rumored that one of the families nearly break off the inheritance, was almost destructed at that point… 
But besides those reign of terrors, in the eyes of the historians, the deadly struggles in those years, also couldn’t be said that there is nothing good-- the control the federal government had to the seven big families, to a great extent, improved the federal framework of the legal system, and the countermeasure the seven big families had to the federal government, also avoid the appearance of a too strong government.
The times is in development, the seven big families themselves are the part of the federation, they couldn’t fight on like this forever. The enormous industries which the seven big families hide in the society, must in a relatively long and steady social framework, could have the sustainable development. They couldn’t brazenly choose to stand on the opposite side of the government and the masses of the people.
And those who need the votes politicians, also began to find out, if they could have the support of the seven big families, then in the future political road they could go more smoothly.
Both sides all have their own needs, so in the unconsciously influenced guidance of the benefit, the federation began to develop to another direction, the politicians began to seek for the help of the seven big families. And the seven also began to choose their partners in the political circles, with their families’ own powerful strength, help these cooperative partner gain the vote of the vast federal citizens…
Only could become the cooperative partners, the politicians couldn’t totally become the spokesperson for the seven big families. Because the lost necessarily independent existence politician, would fully succumb to the pressure of the seven big families inevitably.
And the huge wealth of the seven big families has the appreciation desire naturally, that would let these politicians become their profit tools, that would inevitably infringe upon the rights of the most ordinary citizens in the short term… the followed social instability, is the horror consequence which any far-sighted people inside the federation, even the seven big families themselves, don’t want to see.
This is a kind of contemporaneous coexistence, but it’s also a kind of instinct choice, which could put these collaborations forcibly repress under the bottom line, which the federal citizens could endure. And because of those never been put down on the paper tacit agreement between the federal government and the seven big families, the seven big families always have kept some mysterious and lofty image in the mind of the federal citizens.
In the heart of human being, always have a kind of natural craving for the strong, the existence of the seven big families, just could meet the federal citizens this kind of psychological need, just could fulfill the citizens the dissatisfaction to some unfairness of the society.
Have to say, the media had played a very important role in the mean time, the mysterious and lofty seven big families, whether they did some specific things to harm the ordinary citizens, nobody knows, doesn’t it?
Until the emergence of George Collin this scholar, then all of these had a little bit change.
The originally kept fighting strenuously in the mountains anti-government army, suddenly found a political program which is more accord with needs of the federal citizens. They spearheaded their attack directly at the relation between the federal government and the seven big families, from the George Collin doctrine, put forward that part which they needed the most, requested the federal politicians, and those seven never willing show up in front of the federal citizens huge families, to give back in the countless years, the wealth exploited from the ordinary citizens; requested these seven big families must pay the real price, for they had the damage to the democracy and freedom of the federation in the history…
The anti-government army gave up the armed struggle gradually, the moderates led by the senator Medellin, raised up the George Collin banner, influenced the four states surrounding the mountains in the S2 Region, and caused a great disturbance in the heart of the federal young men.
But… this actually still couldn’t threaten the position of the seven big families had in the federation, these seven big families were even very glad to see the existence of the senator Medellin. Because any kind of struggle, as long as it entered the track of the election, that would be a kind of could be controlled, could be influenced, or even could be negotiated process.
As for the thought prevailing in those young people, also not be afraid by these seven big families, the young people are always warm-blooded. after they leave the campus, enter into the society, enter into those all kinds of companies or the government departments, of course they would understand, had the delusion to fight against the federal historical tradition, that would be what a thankless task and boring thing.
The seven big families coldly and toughly exist every day after the federation was born, and get stronger day after day. If someone says that they have already controlled most of the lifeblood of the federation, it’s afraid that it’s not the alarmism. 
And they seem to will exist forever, until that day the federation come to the end, this fact couldn’t let people not to feel shocked.
The reason why the seven big families were mysterious and lofty, that is because the life of those real big shots never appeared in any news or the documentary, only existed in the imagination and the federal TV channels, only existed on the filmstrips of the Evergreen town. 
Also no which scholar or the government agency could really investigate clearly, which family actually control which part of the industry of the federation.
There is only one special case, that is the Chung family of the West Forest. Because the Fourth Military Region which the Chung family location is, generations station on the edge of the universe for the federation, already because a certain incident in the early days of the first Constitution Calendar, exposed in front of the eyes of the public, couldn’t conceal its huge figure any more.
On the contrary, the names of these seven big families were not what secret, even Sheilor could easily tell six inheritance surnames of the families.
In the seven big families, the really absolute low-key and mysterious, there is only one family, that is the Tai family. Not many people know, this Tai family incredibly would be The descendants of the imperial family, which ruled the whole human society long time ago!
When Sheilor heard Charlie Tai told that… he is the successor of the Tai family which is one of the seven big families, he was in a daze for a moment, was speechless for a long time. 
This identity is not what a childe of the rich family or a politician, but represents a kind of history, a kink of ubiquitous influence! The successor of the seven big families, if it were in the ancient times, at least it should be a king…
After was in shock for a long time, Sheilor then came back to himself slowly. At the first time he thought of one problem, gazed at the pale face youngster who was in the sofa, he asked in mumbling, “why do you want to tell me?”
Why did Charlie Tai want to tell him his real identity? This is the first question Sheilor had after he cast off the shock. If the other party is the hanging high in the night sky moon, then at most he is just a not-eye-catching greening by the Rose river, they shouldn’t be the people in the same world. 
Even if they have been getting along with each other like the ordinary friends in other days, but once the identity of the other party showed up, it would be like a chasm lying across between two of them, then there is no way to fill it up again.
“You are a very good friend.”
Since the moment he mentioned his name, Charlie Tai has been observing the expression of Sheilor calmly and attentively. He was very glad that he didn’t find any reaction he doesn’t like in Sheilor’s eyes, he quite appreciates his this friend more, he could incredibly come back to himself this quickly from the shock, could talk to him like a normal person.
“I used to have some friends, but after they knew my identity, all of them don’t have the courage to get along with me like a friend, or they left quietly, or they became the people like Youzhi that kind of people… I think, if we want to continue to be friends, one day, you will also face this multiple choice.” Charlie Tai said gently with a smile, “since it is so, I should say it out in advance as well.”
The reason why Sheilor could come back to himself this quickly, if all because the experiences he had in these years.
A fugitive with the only piece of the disguise chip in the whole federation, in the Antique Bell he even bathed for the heir of the Chung family Little Watermelon for several days, this time he suddenly found out the guy who went whoring with him together, would incredibly be the big shot of the seven big families as well-- he even was somewhat numb to this kind of shock, just felt that his encounters were really too bizarre a bit.


Chapter 4
Honor

“You can’t blame this kind of things on other people.” after heard Charlie Tai the sigh with emotion, Sheilor was somewhat disagreeable, he silenced for a moment, the he still decided to tell his opinion, “you are the one of the successor of the seven big families, with we these ordinary people, are the people born in the two different worlds. Perhaps you never noticed, no matter how you pretend to be a gentle appearance, but as long as you are in front of people… such as at this time, you will always reveal some kind of breath.”
Charlie Tai was very interested to look at him, “what kind of breath?” he asked.
“I am not so sure.” Sheilor had a wry smile, “but it’s not the thing I really like anyway, perhaps it’s a bit too calm, it’s like that all the things in this world were under your control. Perhaps the people by your side have already got used to your this look, but when I know you that time, you are just a an ordinary student with some money, so I am not use to it.”
Charlie Tai couldn’t help to laugh out loud, he said, “I never thought of, after all I am so unbearable in your eyes.”
Sheilor explained, “no, it’s not unbearable, it’s just not used to it.”
Charlie Tai silenced for a moment, opened his mouth and said seriously, “you have a point there, I shouldn’t make any excessive demands. This world is never fair, some people are born to have more resources and power than others naturally, such like me. I won’t be affectedly unconventional to say, this is a kind a misery, because… besides me, it seems that everybody wants to have this kind of misery but couldn’t.”
He looked at Sheilor that ordinary but amiable face, said calmly, “let’s talk about something else, have you had a good time in the fight training room this morning?”
Changed the topic, talked about the holding the abdomen and running black mecha, Sheilor’s mood finally relaxed a bit, no longer took this in front of him in the sofa youngster as some kind of monster, he scratched the back of his head and said sincerely, “thank you to cover for me.”
“To survive in this society, it needs a lot of opportunities. But not everyone could meet the opportunity to have the flame glowing. You have met it once this morning, but you escaped just like that you met a ghost.” Charlie Tai shook his head, said with disagreement, “I don’t know why you don’t want to be famous, this is really not like a normal young man.”
Sheilor thought, I have my own sufferings, just like that you have your troubles, how could I explain this to you? Don’t I need to tell you, I am a federal fugitive who had provided help to a treason criminal? 
In order to cover up that little bit complicated emotion in his heart, he narrowed his eyes and smiled, changed the topic very naturally, “I have already thank you earlier, but at this time I still need to thank you once again, after all this is your adult ceremony, but you helped me out so much as a result.”
“Oh, about the man and woman this kind of thing, no matter how much I could help you, if that little girl Charming ignored you, it’s still not any use to you.” Charlie Tai looked at him with a forced smile on his face and said, “as for the adult ceremony, tens of hours ago, you have already brought me to there. Today, all of these should be counted as the return I have for you.”
While he was speaking, Charlie Tai took out a red envelope from his bosom, said with a bitter smile, “have you seen? This is the red envelope which the girl of the Stars Club sealed for me.”
Sheilor looked at the red envelope held in his hand, held back his smile forcedly, very hard. He felt that his thing was extremely ridiculous, but didn’t know why, he couldn’t help to have some proud in his heart. Two successors of the federal seven big families, one was fostered many days by him, one was brought to lose his virginity by him. 
If this was made into a TV series, it’s afraid of only one thing that it would break the viewing record of the channel 23.
But have to say, Charlie Tai is a people who knows how to control the talking rhythm and the field atmosphere pretty well. Just after he showed the red envelope, that kind of sensitive wait-and-see attitude between these two young men disappeared gradually, the sitting positions of these two people also became relaxed a lot.
“Besides to the thing of the club, I still have to thank you for the deep-fried dough pies and the soy bean mild you brought to me in those nights.”
“If consider all of these, you as the heir of the Tai family, also seem a bit too stingy.” Sheilor also had the mood to make some jokes, “even a bit more stingy than that lead girl, at least she would seal a red envelope to you, you just shined two light beams on me…”
As he was speaking, his eyes became confused, because he saw that a piece of paper Charlie Tai handed to him. Sheilor took over and took a look at it, his eyes could help to have some change, he looked at Charlie Tai surprised, “the concert ticket of Jane Sue? How didn’t I never hear of it before?”
“Next week, Jane Sue will release her first solo album.” Charlie Tai held back his hand, looked at him with a smile, “with the influence she has in the federation, probably she would hold a celebration concert a month later.. And in fact, she has already booked the time and place for the concert. I know that you are the fan of this little girl… whether this honorarium is enough to match those overnight deep-fried dough pies you bought?”
Sheilor pretended that he didn’t hear the mischievous meaning in the words of the other party, he just incredibly had a scratch on his head. 
Probably only the heirs of the seven big families this kind of identity, when the concert of Jane Sue is still in the preparation this moment, could have already got the VIP tickets.
For Sheilor, Jane Sue is not just as simple as an idol. That face of the purple hair little girl shows up on the channel 23 every night, for him, it represents the accompany in these years, he no longer felt lonely in these years; it represents those memories he had in the East Forest Region, those parades on the Bell Tower street…
Looked at that thin ticket in his hand, thought of that in one more month, he would see Jane Sue with his own eyes, Sheilor was in a daze in situ in a moment, didn’t come back to himself for a long time.
“Well… actually I never wanted to see Jane Sue.” Sheilor was telling the truth, he is not a idolater, Jane Sue to him, is a kind of symbolic image, in fact he is more willing to keep the distance, to watch from a distance… but words were said like this, he thought like this in his heart, he still put that ticket into the inner pocket of the dress carefully.
“But I still thank you very much.” Sheilor looked at in the sofa the familiar but strange Charlie Tai, he said, “you don’t have to do these.” 
Charlie Tai sat on the sofa and held the coffee cup in his hand, not knowing the taste to drink the coffee. After Sheilor left, he felt that he didn’t have anything to do for a moment, the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival had no any meaning to him. He knows clearly what he wants and what he supposed to do. That named Sheilor young man, still couldn’t be counted as his real friend-- he has been in doubt, whether he would actually have the possibility to have the true friends in his this life.
If it’s just a kind of accident that Sheilor appeared in his life, Charlie Tai doesn’t reject this kind of unexpected appearance, or even he wants that this kind of accident could last a bit longer. In these days, after he met this interesting poor student, Charlie also was surprised that he could get along and talk with the other party like a ordinary man, but what about after his real identity was exposed?
The eyes of Charlie Tai are very sharp, from the details in these days, he confirmed that Sheilor is a trustworthy and honest people, but his character is somewhat too stubborn. And Charlie found out even more, actually Sheilor is a very capable person, just this guy deliberately or unintentionally, always hides the abilities he has on some aspects.
Charlie Tai appreciates Sheilor this kind of character and ability, even had the thought, to bring this young man into the field of vision of the family, to watch him growing, and to make him to become his capable subordinate.
But after today this conversation, he keenly noticed that Sheilor had the natural resistance to some certain possibility. Although both sides didn’t say it out clearly, but had expressed the meaning in the speech and the expression.
“When Sheilor left, he asked me where you are, I said that you have already left.” Charlie Tai didn’t want to think about those things any longer, he got back to his that usual calm, looked at that middle-aged man came out from the back of bookcase, “there is no other people over here, I think the self-introduce also should begin.” 
That followed Sheilor up to the second floor middle-aged man, was like disappeared in the previous conversation. He walked to the front of Charlie Tai, not waited for the instruction of the host, then sat down on the sofa on the opposite side very naturally, he looked at the young man and said with a smile, “there are many people want to find you, but still let me grab the first…”
The steward Ken handed over a cup of coffee to this mysterious middle-aged man, and then walked back behind Charlie Tai, stood over there silently.
Charlie Tai stirred the black coffee in the cup with a silver spoon, he said, “since I have already exposed my identity, of course I know that there are many people are looking for me. But I know it even clearly, Sheilor only has three friends, but no matter the uncles of Charming or Shielding, none should appear in the dancing party. Even they appeared, it’s impossible for them to follow Sheilor to get up to the second floor so easily… of course I don’t even have a agent uncle.”
“You should know it clearly, on this road to go up to the upstairs, you might die at any time.” Charlie Tai raised his head, calmly but full of pressure looked at the middle-aged man on his opposite side, “but you weren’t not afraid, and you don’t have any weapon on you… so I would like to give you this adventurer an opportunity to have the conversation, but you have to introduce yourself first, after all, I don’t want the first negotiation object after my adult ceremony, would be a deliberately mystifying guy.”
In that pair of full of pressure eyes, the middle-aged man didn’t have any uneasiness, he held the coffee cup up and took a sip, said, “I am very grateful to you that you didn’t kill me directly earlier, but gave me an opportunity to open my mouth.”
“I came from the mountains.” the middle-aged man put down the coffee cup, calmly looked at the sitting in the sofa youngster, “I hope that this wouldn’t  surprise you.”
Charlie Tai fell into silence after he heard this sentence, but the steward Ken narrowed his eyes behind his back, the chill showed gradually. The privileged class of the federation always like the water and the oil not melt together with the anti-government army, the other party would be the people came from the mountains incredibly?
Charlie Tai thought for a moment, had the smile floated on the corners of his mouth, he asked, “I think you should have already known, my mother has already refused the inquire of the senator Medellin. The leader Namsui shouldn’t let a couldn’t make any commitment people to come to have this conversation, so it seems, your position in the mountains shouldn’t be low…”
“Comrade Medellin didn’t come into the mountains for years.” the middle-aged man very naturally explained the question of Charlie Tai.
“Then your rank in the mountains?” Charlie Tai frowned slightly, stared at the middle-aged man that abnormally wretched face.
“I assist comrade Namsui directly.” the middle-aged man said seriously, “so I have the qualification of the full authority.”
No matter how calm Charlie Tai was, after he heard this answer, his eye pupils still could help to have a shrinkage. And the steward Kew behind his back even felt regret, if he knew the real identity of this man, he definitely wouldn’t let his master take the risk to meet this person.
After silenced for a long time, Charlie Tai then heaved a sigh and said softly, “didn’t expect that I could actually meet the most successful spy leader of the Constitution Calendar Thirty-seven, this is really my honor.”


Chapter 5
The influenced whole Federation conversation

“Could meet the heir of the most mysterious and oldest family in the federation, and also such a young heir who has already had the courage and judgment… this should be my honor.” the middle-aged man seemed to not have that kind of in the mountains the anti-government army breath, but was more like a businessman to express his respect to the Tai family gently. 
“I didn’t expect that you these anti-government army characters, would incredibly also be ass-kissing like the federal politicians.” Charlie Tai said with the slight taunt.
“If it could let you feel better, I don’t mind to have a few more ass-kissing.”
Charlie Tai look at this in front not far away the number two character of the anti-government army, put that in the information image to compare with him step by step, but he found out that he couldn’t put these two images together.
“No matter the federation or inside your organization, it seems to only have a codename for you, that is… He.” his mood was calm down gradually, “but in the conversation, always need to have a name.” he said.
“Childe Tai could call me the mountaineer.” the middle-aged man said.
Charlie Tai calmly and persistently shook his head, “I don’t like this kind of too literature and art name.”
The middle-aged man had a smile and said, “Then you can call me Chime.”
“Well, Mr. Chime, I don’t want to say the words like how stupid you are and so on. But how many people in the federation want you die, this kind of thing you should know better than I do.”
Charlie Tai knew that who he faced is not an ordinary character, but the very trouble fierce character in the federation, and this is the first time, after he became an adult, really with the identity of the successor of the Tai family, represented his family to have the conversation with the forces independently. So he seemed to be especially careful, said a few words more, in order to have more time to let himself to calm down a bit more.
“Please tell me your purpose directly.” he stared at the middle-aged man that pair of ugly triangle eyes, asked directly.
“I bring the entrust of the seventy thousand soldiers of the mountains, the hope of the thirteen million federal citizens in the four states surrounding the mountains, and the trust of comrade Namsui to come to here.” the tone of the middle-aged man appeared particularly serious at this moment, “I bring the peace will to come to here, I hope that we could have the response from the federation.”
Peace? This is what a familiar but strange word, especially for between the federal government and the anti-government army, how many years the anti-government army have already fight with force in the four states surrounding the mountains? Although in the last more than twenty years, they weakened the military color gradually. But the upper figures of the federation all know it clearly, the foundation of the anti-government force is still based on their military strength. The cleanup and counterattack between both sides in the countless years, don’t know how many people have already sacrificed, the numerous blood has already dyed red every inch of the land in those mountains. Peace!
Charlie Tai the fingers stirring the coffee had a stiff instantly, he had some strange expression arisen on his slightly pale cheeks gradually. He never thought of, the number two character of the anti-government army would come straight to the point, incredibly would throw out such a heavyweight bomb!
The peace negotiation between the federal government and the anti-government, don’t know had how many rounds, and had how many times of the peace agreements. But at the end, because of the treachery of one party or the breakout of an accident, let these agreements to be burned into ash.
Even if in these years, the moderates of the anti-government army have already boarded on the federal political stage, began to seek the support of the voters with the non-violence image. But in fact, in those areas outside the touch of the media, the conflict between the government troops and the anti-government army has continued. 
If this is the general peace talk, Charlie Tai wouldn’t be so shocked. But since this man in front of him is the number two character of the anti-government army, the hard core who Namsui trusts in deeply, then the peace what he said, of course wouldn’t be those on the paper peace, but the really, could be practiced peace.
“You should contact the President Office or the Department of Defense directly.” Charlie Tai took a deep breath, pressed down that faint excitement in his heart, said calmly, “If your side really want to let the federation back to the peacetime without the civil war, I will represent the Tai family to express the extreme welcome for this, and will have the full support to the four states surrounding the mountains immediately.”
These words he said very beautiful, but it particularly same as not saying anything. The peace negotiation between the government and the anti-government army, originally should be talked by those politicians and the professional soldiers, Charlie Tai didn’t have the impulse to participate in. He knows that of course this could bring him the rich political capital and the fine reputation among the citizens, but this kind of destined complicated and great risk affair, once he couldn’t take good care of it, then it would become the devouring everything black hole.
“Childe Tai is telling the jokes, if we could talk with the federal President or those military, of course I wouldn’t come to find you.” the meddle-aged man answered calmly, “the federal government accustomed to the treachery, if we really put down the guns in the hands, stop the engine roars of the armored cars, perhaps the next day, countless mechas and aircrafts would begin to attack the mountains…”
“Then you also shouldn’t find me.” Charlie Tai tried to be as calm as he could to say, “I am just a young man still studying in the college, you can’t expect that I could do anything for you.”
“But all the people of all the large forces are trying to contact you at this time, because everyone knows, after the adult ceremony, lady Tai would put the family business back into your hands gradually.” the middle-aged man said with a smile, “moreover, lady Tai is not so easy to meet. I am not the senator Medellin, I am a person still on the federal war criminals list. If I dared to expose my identity to ask for a meeting in the Capital District, I’m afraid that in three minutes, there will be countless soldiers begin to chase after me.”
“Your words seemed to be right, coming to meet with me such a student, is always a easier thing.” Charlie Tai said, “but the problem is, although I have just completed the adult ceremony, but according to the custom of the family, I also couldn’t make the decisions for all the affairs of the family immediately.”
“I believe that lady Tai will transfer the decision-making power to your hand gradually.” the middle-aged man said calmly, “the been mysterious and low-key for countless years Tai family, although this year still haven’t announced your adult ceremony yet, but those came to the Pear Garden university in succession people have already proved, lady Tai didn’t have the intent to keep hiding your existence to the public… if I didn’t guess it wrong, after you finish your study in the Pear Garden university, you will enter the military, perhaps also would go to the West Forest frontline, accumulate the military exploit. And then enter into the government department to begin the businesslike work, perhaps ten years later, you would begin to enter the political circles, to have the preparation for that final goal.”
“The final goal?” Charlie Tai narrowed his eyes, he found it out once again, this extremely mysterious in the federal files man, indeed as expected is not a character can be controlled easily. At least the other party has a very powerful intelligent system and the ability of analysis and judgment, this kind of ability is shocking enough itself.
“Besides the President… the Tai family walk to the front stage for the first time, still would have the interest in performing other what roles on the stage?” the middle-aged man said with a smile, “but that would be the thing many years later, now we are talking the present things.”  
Talked about the present things, the tone of this middle-aged man became serious and cautious a lot, “the federal military keep preparing the force invasion to the mountains lately, let comrade Namsui and I, also feel the unprecedented pressure…”
“The federal years of embargo and sanction measures, let the goods and materials of the mountains extremely scarce, in the federation, those sympathize you citizens, even they want to continue to donate secretly like the past years, but also because the channel is not that unobstructed, and couldn’t send to your hands. And because of the existence of the senator Medellin, the popular support base you have in the four states surrounding the mountains also was divided a lot.”
Charlie pointed out the present awkward situation of the anti-government army easily, “the people supporting you are getting less and less, so you just think of peace this word?”
“The current situation is out of what we can reach.” a vicissitudes color flashed across the forehead of the middle-aged man, “so I bring with the sincerity, come to seek for the response of your family.”
“I still don’t understand.” because the other party exposed the family had the arrangement for his political future in a sentence, Charlie Tai still didn’t feel a bit uneasy, he just said coldly, “even if I have been able to make the decision inside of my family… but what is the relationship about the peace negotiation between your anti-government army and the government? I never deny the influence my family have to the federal politics, but I am also never so arrogant to think that I can change the attitude of the whole federal government.”
“But you can try to change the attitude of federal President.” the middle-aged man looked at Charlie Tai, said with a smile, “next year will be the presidential election, I know that the senator Palmer had already met with lady.”
Charlie Tai picked up the coffee cup, but he didn’t take a drink, and silenced for a long time. This intelligence chief of the anti-government army, once again proved to him, the strong strength of the intelligence network under his control.
The middle-aged man didn’t shut up because of the silence of Charlie Tai, he continued to analyze quietly, “I say so, I have to take the risk to come to have the conversation with you for several points. First, compared with the current federal President and the government, we anti-government army would rather trust the moral level of the senator Palmer. Second, although the senator Palmer has the great reputation in the middle and lower classes, but to the Capital Planet Circle, especially to this has the most voter S1 Region, this born in a East Forest miner family lawyer… still is a somewhat strange face. He needs some explosive news events, to help him in the shortest time, gain the acceptance of the vast voters. Third, the senator Palmer didn’t have the army experience, never showed the courage and determination when he handles the breakout affairs, the ability in the national security aspect has been doubted popularly… in the Presidential election, this would become the soft rib his rival candidate attack him without any doubt.”
“So we hope that the Tai family could help from among, let we could have the agreement of big settlement with the direct negotiation with the senator Palmer.” the middle-aged man continued to say in the slow tone, “we trust the manner of the Tai family, and the political code of ethics of the senator Palmer. And once the agreement were reached, the senator Palmer also could get the extremely wonderful political capital, ti ensure his success in the next year’s Presidential election.”
Have to say, this intelligence chief of the anti-government army, also is a very good lobbyist. In this moment, Charlie Tai admitted that he was also somewhat touched, but besides the touched, he felt more alerts, a guy of the anti-government, even is more sophisticated than those outside of the capital Management Committee professional broker, this kind of character, really couldn’t be treated lightly.
“What kind of condition do you want?” Charlie Tai asked calmly, “before Palmer could become the President, begin to have the negotiation, during the negotiation, whether the rally troops of the federal military would take a vacation first? At the same time, the economic blockade of the federal government… whether could have a open in private?” the middle-aged man make an offer with a smile, “after the senator Palmer were elected as the President, of course everything could be consulted.”


Chapter 6
The parties concerned in history

The long silence, proved that the request which the anti-government put forward, for the Tai family, for Charlie Tai, and for senator Palmer who he and his mother had already confirmed to support, all would be a very attractive terms of exchange.
Charlie Tai knows it clearly, if not for the present complicated political environment in the four states surrounding the mountains, and the force pressure of the federal war hawks are stronger day after day, led by the leader Namsui the anti-government army definitely wouldn’t initiatively offer the peace request. But he had to admit, even so, the anti-government army still had enough chips in exchange for the corresponding condition.
“Have the negotiation before the campaign, even the senator Palmer still can’t affect the internal decision of the federal government.” Charlie Tai broke the silence, reminded the other party.
“Palmer can’t do it, but the public voice can, the influence which the Tai family have in the dark can.” the middle-aged man said calmly, “if let the federal citizens know, the Presidential candidate senator Palmer, is risking the great political risk, having the peace negotiation with we these outrageous anti-government army… and at this time, if the federal government have the contrarian movement, forcedly launch the military strike on us, they would be bound to send out the most powerful rebuked sound at the federal government.” 
“I admit what you said makes sense, this kind of interest exchange really is also very attractive.” Charlie Tai silenced for a moment then said, “but I can’t reply your request right away, please give me some time.”
“I can’t stay too long in the core area of the federation, you should know it very clearly.” the middle-aged man said with a smile, “although the Charter Bureau wouldn’t come to bother me, but I still keep the respect to those hunting dogs of the Department of Defense and the spiders of the FBI. If I stay in the federal territory for too long, that would rather look down upon them too much.”
Charlie Tai pushed the coffee cup to aside, said with a smile, “since you have already taken the risk to come here, then take the risk to wait for a few more hours, wouldn’t it be alright?”
“The reason why I dared to take the risk to come over here, that’s because I knew nobody in the federal government, would guess that I would dare to take this kind of risk.” the middle-aged man said calmly, “if I stay over here for too long, then this wouldn’t be taking the risk, but stupid.”
“Then how can I contact with you?”
“How did I come in, you should check it out very easily with your ability. When you make the decision, please tell your final decision to that young fellow, that will be alright.”
Charlie Tai warped up the corners of his mouth slightly, said with a smile, “then I still have to ensure the safety of that young man in the federal territory as well, Mr. Chime, your consideration really don’t have any omission.”
“No. I even don’t know, after I come down from this second floor, how much time would be left for me to escape.” the middle-aged man said with a smile.
Charlie Tai stared at him in the eyes quietly, seemed to tell from the other party this sentence, whether he had already guessed out something or just the habitual joke. 
After a moment, he looked at the other party and said seriously, “what you considered is right, the interest exchange really is what I value the most, but the more I think about is the future of the federation… if I have the chance to catch you, kill you, I don’t mind to notice the federal military.”
“But I still haven’t noticed them so far, that’s because I respect the role of the negotiator.” Charlie Tai said calmly, “once you left the field of the dancing party, perhaps I would really let the federal government try all the possible ways to catch you… there is always a saying, if the anti-government army didn’t have you, they had already become a dish in the hand of the government. This kind of temptation, in fact, is not smaller than reaching the peace agreement.”
Heard this, the middle-aged man smiled slightly, have struggled with the federal government for these many years, he knows it better than anyone, these privilege class of the federation, how they want to destroy the career of the mountains in once. These real masters of the federation, are how as cold as marble they are. But he confirmed that the other party at least wouldn’t have the action at this moment, because this doesn’t accord with the real interest of the other party’s family.
This time he took the huge risk, even not spare to expose the hidden inside the federation most successfully spy subordinate, still wanted to meet with the heir of the Tai family, on the one hand, because the situation of the anti-government army is really critical. And still have a more important private reason, he wants to take a look for himself, the federal future leader of the new generation, would be what kind of people. This kind of first-hand information, is far more important than any intelligence. 
After he met with Charlie Tai, the middle-aged man wasn’t disappointed, and also was somewhat disappointed. He was not disappointed, because he has already confirmed that this heir of the Tai family, is not a stupid person. And his disappointment also is because of this point, because he also could tell that the other party doesn’t have any sympathy to the anti-government army, or the moral support. What he presented in the conversation, were all the bare interests and evaluations.
Seemed to guess what this number two character of the anti-government army was thinking, Charlie Tai said slowly, “in the present that the Empire would launch the aggressive war at any time, the people of the anti-government, still for those null and ethereal reasons, dividing the popular feeling of the federation, consuming the federal resources, containing the federal military forces… in my eyes, in fact, all of you should be counted as the traitors, the Charter Bureau shouldn’t give you the legal positions.”
The middle-aged man considered for a moment and then said seriously, “you and the family behind you are the vested interest people in the federal political framework, your opinion is not necessarily correct. If the Empire really invade, I believe the soldiers of the mountains, on the resisting foreign enemy aspect, would perform more respectfully than those people of the federal four big military regions.”
“The never happened thing, no need to have the judgment on it.” Charlie Tai said, “any excuse couldn’t change the image the anti-government army have in my heart.”
“We never pay attention to how the big shots of the federation would treat our cause. Perhaps in the not long future, we are doomed to be a pair of can’t coexist natural enemies. But at least for now, we can cooperate.” the middle-aged man said, “the coexistence of the cat and mouse, perhaps would be a very interesting thing.”
“I am dying to know, who is the cat, who would be the mouse.”
“The people’s will couldn’t be resist, the seven big families this kind of deformed existence, no matter how strong it is, one day, in front of the tide of the history, it would also become the person hated by everyone and people calling for your heads.” the middle-aged man said calmly, “this is the argument of Mr. George Collin, hereby have this mutual encouragement with you.”
“I never deny this point.” Charlie Tai said, “but I always think, you are fat cats of the human society indeed.”
“The different paths, still could have the same conversation. But not to talk to the point, then we don’t need to have the further talk.” the middle-aged man stood up with a smile and said, “if you have any good news, please notice that young man. If you don’t have any good news, I will be waiting in the mountains, I will pour a glass of wine for your friends, take it as holding a memorial ceremony for them.”
Charlie Tai stood up with a smile, ignored the other party this sentence of the psychological offensive, he said, “the last question, where your confidence actually come from? Why are you sure after you leave the dancing party, the federation couldn’t catch you… just like just now when you followed Sheilor to come up to the upstairs here, you are sure that there is no danger.”
“Intelligence, is the source of all the strength.” the middle-aged man had an elegant ritual, which is very not accord with his that wretched temperament, “and my ability, that would be a secret.”
Charlie Tai silenced for a long time, then he said, “after the brief cooperation, I will be in the longer years, to take exterminating your armed forces as the goal. But I have to say, in the whole universe, I only admire five people, you are one of them. Today I could have the first negotiation with you after my adult ceremony, I benefited from it a lot.”
“I am very curious who will be all those five people, don’t know whether childe Tai can satisfy my this little vanity?” the middle-aged man had his eyes shined a bit, properly revealed his curiosity.
“Besides you, there are also that ordinary man by the lakeside, that don’t know life and death George Collin…” Charlie Tai said seriously, “my life, take you five people as the target of my hard work.”
“Oh, the manpower sometimes would be used up, everyone has his own expert aspect. Such as in the intelligence this aspect, I don’t believe that there would be anyone stronger than I am, of course, this is also my secret. And take Philadelphia that old man as another sample, I also don’t think that there is anyone stronger than his personal force… childe Tai, no need to force yourself too much.”
“Work hard not necessarily will reach the goal.” Charlie Tai said with a smile, “actually I just have the extravagant hope, in the future, all the federal excellent characters would become my subordinates.”
The middle-aged man praised, “the son of the noble family, although a little bit disgusting, but this confidence is really horrible.”
The number two character of the anti-government army, showed up in the core zone of the federation just like this, and then left quietly, even didn’t leave a shadow down, only left the Tai family a clue could be traced. But if the Tai family was willing to accept the conditions of the anti-government army, then that clue would be the secret which the Tai family must keep.
Charlie Tai raised his wrist and took a look at the time, counted a few times silently in the heart, then said to the by his side steward Ken, “prepare a secret line, I want to talk with my mother.”
Steward Ken nodded his head to respond, they had already left enough time for the leaving of that man. If the other party really fall in the hands of the federal military, then it explains that the legend also has that day lost his brilliance.
“He uses the identity of Shielding’s uncle.” steward Ken gave the commands and instructions to the subordinates, then he said in the soft voice, “Shielding graduated from the First Military Academy, he is regarded as a very important younger generation official in the FBI, nobody expected, he would incredibly be the spy of the anti-government army.”
“I am more curious, as the most successful intelligence chief in the Constitution Calendar thirty-seven, why would he leave Shielding to us intentionally?” Charlie Tai closed his eyes and said, “with a spy’s life, as the safety valve to test the sincerity of my family, this seems somewhat not conform with the inertial act style of that man.”
“Keep an eye on Sheilor and Shielding.” Charlie Tai didn’t have too much expression on his face, “ensure that the former doesn’t suffer any harassment, ready to contact the latter… or arrest him.”
Left the dancing party Sheilor, didn’t know that the “uncle Shield” had an influence extremely far-reaching conversation with Charlie Tai. At this time, he was walking in the snow trees in the campus with the down mood, completely didn’t have the self-awareness as the party concerned of the history.
He is just a nobody, but just this nobody, indirectly led to the formation of a small wave in the great era.
Of course, the anti-government army force in the current difficult situation, they could even temporarily give up the political philosophy which they always believe in, even that man took the great risk to come to the federation to have the negotiation personally. Presumably even if there were no Sheilor this man in this world, they still would try every possibility to find Charlie Tai. 
But the problem is, if there were no Sheilor, then in this dancing party, most likely would be the people of the senator Medellin, or other else what forces, get the jump in front of them, persuaded the Tai family and the partner senator Palmer who the Tai family have chosen.
The grass by the Rose river still has the thin snow on, floating the insipid light under the moonlight.
The dressed in the suit Sheilor felt a bit cold, he blew a breath on his hands, but he doesn’t worry about that he would get cold. Since he followed uncle Fengyu to practice that set of strange movements, he seems to very hard to get sick. 
His eyes turned from the two moons to the direction of the east, saw that familiar girl student apartment. The Plum Garden is still over there, but Sheilor’s heart is unusually quiet, he knew that Charming had her secret, but if she doesn’t want to tell him about it, he also don’t want to probe into it.
Inside of the suit was full of the cold sweat, after knew Charlie Tai that shocking identity, Sheilor has the complicated mood. Earlier that moment, the conversation made him very nervous, he kept the calm very stubbornly in front of the other party, just to maintain his that little self-respect, even in front of the federal privilege class, the self-respect of the nobody seems somewhat poor.
Temporarily he wouldn’t dare to go to the H1 area, although at this time, all the people thought the people inside of the black mecha was Charlie Tai, Sheilor still doesn’t want to take the risk.
At this time, the night is deep, he suddenly find out that he doesn’t have anywhere to go, and he doesn’t want to go back to the room by the iron gate. He then understand, originally, one year after he fled from the East Forest Region to the Capital Planet Circle, he still is a lonely poor guy.
Just at this time, he suddenly saw on a remote river wall by the cold Rose river, had a brush of like burning fire red in the night, kept flashing in the cold wind, that is exactly the dressed in red dress Youzhi.
A lonely girl by the riverside in the night, although Sheilor dislikes the conducts of the Chad siblings very much, but he still couldn’t help to have some worry when he saw this scene. He walked to the direction of the river bank quietly, was afraid that he would shock the other party, let her do some crazy things.
But before he could get close to the river bank, he found a very familiar figure, ran out from the frost grass outside of the river bank, brought that red dress down to the ground directly. 
Youzhi’s struggle, the low and angry curses and the purr cry came from the distance.
Sheilor stayed in situ blankly, of course he could tell that this is not a scene of midnight rape in front of him. He just somewhat couldn’t understand, why childe Shielding this guy would show up over here?


Chapter 7
The aftermath

Shielding had a very bad mood, from that moment when his that immediate superior came to the Coastal state, his mood hasn’t improved.
As a professional, he has been as the spy in the federation for these many years, has been carefully to hide his identity, and has completed many tasks which the organization handed over to him. He really felt very tired, but sometimes when he thought about it, he would feel proudly and complacently. But he didn’t think of, he worked hard for so long in the territory of the federation, just because of a sudden idea of the organization, then he would face such a dangerous situation…
No matter how the result of the negotiation between the anti-government army and that prince would be, Shielding knows that his identity couldn’t be hid any more. Even the federation aspect would leave him alone temporarily, but after this matter, the Tai family definitely wouldn’t care about his life. 
If he got caught by the federal government, then what welcomes him would be the life imprisonment. Shielding knows that he doesn’t have any brightness in front of him, only see when that darkness would come to him.
He also thought to leave just like this, but in the federation, where he could go to? Unless he returned to the four states surrounding the mountains. But the organization didn’t give him the order to leave, if he returned without any order, that would be nothing different from betraying the organization.
In the cause of the anti-government, they these people, just the could be sacrificed chess pieces at any time, no one would care about their safety. This fact made his mood very bad, his that beautiful face was full with the gloomy lines.
He sat by side of the Rose river bank, waiting for the arrival of the final verdict, but he didn’t expect, he would wait for the scene that a red dress girl wanted to drown herself.
He brought Youzhi down to the ground, looked at this woman in her that cold eyes and at her that pretty face, looked at her that to people and to herself all extremely cruel expression, Shielding didn’t know why he felt so angry, he said in a deep voice, “I don’t know whether you have the brain or not… only a boy student didn’t pick you as the bed partner, do you need to kill yourself?”
The thrown on the grass Youzhi had the lonely meaning full in her eyes, she stared at Shielding that evil face, suddenly put forth her strength to struggle up, and roared like a angry lioness, “it’s all your fault! It’s all your fault!”
Youzhi doesn’t know whether she like that brother prince or not, because in these two years, she just saw the other party twice in total. But in these many years, all the things seem to persuade her, she should like Charlie Tai, and must like Charlie Tai. 
But today the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival, let all of these become the bubbles. Once she thought of that expressed her love to her without sparing lady, thought of herself the waiting in these many years, then she felt the cold in her heart, it seems like that nothing is worth to cherish.
So she left her partners, left the dancing party, came to the quiet Rose riverside. Perhaps she just wanted to hold a memorial ceremony for her past, but didn’t think to draw on a brawler.
Shielding is a very delicate guy, but his strength is very big. Pressed the wrists by him, no matter how Youzhi struggled, she just couldn’t get up.
Shielding felt the tender body under his body, in the moment when he got ready to die at any minute, he suddenly felt some long lost excitement. Had been playing the playboy for several years, he seems to have some numb to the women. But today on the grass, looked at near at hand Youzhi that helpless and malicious pretty face, he had some reaction gradually.
In the cold night, this pair of hostile man and woman, because of each other the different encounters, had the same disappointment and sorrow mood, rolled on the grass together, and looked at each other ruthlessly.
Youzhi found out that her strength is far not as strong as this man, looked at him quietly for a moment, with the strength of the waist, struggled up and bit on the hand of Shielding.
Shielding that beautiful face had the twist, the blood ran out from the back of his hand. He was angry, slapped on the head of Youzhi and scolded, “you still really thought that I would be fond of women?”
Youzhi looked at him coldly and said, “either you kill me today, or you just wait to be killed.”
“This kind of threat once is enough.” Shielding stared at the malicious face of this woman, suddenly felt that it’s very exciting, said in a deep voice, “don’t forget just now in the garden, when you threatened me, how I deal with you.”
The wound on Shielding that thin lips, verified that romantic and fierce scene in the back garden of the dancing party. On the thin snow grass, the young man and woman seemed to think of that scene at the same moment, both had some strange mood in the eyes, almost had the same movement at the same time, kissed together straight from the shoulder.
Sheilor stood on the edge of the woods, gazed at this scene by the river bank blankly, he couldn’t understand how the story would develop into this romantic farce unexpectedly. He thought that childe Shielding this rascal is really a rascal, and Youzhi this abnormal woman is really abnormal, he couldn’t help to have the infinite admiration to these two people.
Since it’s none of his business, and he doesn’t know where to go to, he felt bored to have a scratch on the head, walked to the iron gate of the Pear Garden.
A room in an apartment building in the Coastal state, there is the sound of the automatic alarm. Shielding opened his eyes right away, although in the eyes of all his colleagues, he is a lazy to the extreme, corrupt to the extreme playboy, but the developed good life habit as a spy, always would play its role in some details.
Got out of the way those scattered alcohol bottle under the bed, Shielding walked into the bathroom, after washed and dressed with the very fast speed, then he made himself a very rich nutrition breakfast, and began to read today’s electronic newspaper while he was having it. After he finished reading the newspaper, he threw the dishes into the wash sink. He walked back to the bedroom, began to look at that still having the sweet dream woman in the bed blankly.
It’s already cold ice and snow outside of the window, but inside of the window it’s as warm as spring. In the bed that woman was all naked, the red dress was thrown to a corner of the bed, the same big red silk thin quilt, randomly put on her showed smooth like jade back, the curve on her waist and hips is so shocking by the sight.
The woman was still facing to the direction of the window and sleeping, only revealed her lithe and graceful back to Shielding, the like jade skin set by the red silk, seemed especially attractive. Her that plump buttocks were covered half, the slender and smooth thighs were all covered under the silk quilt, only could see the lines faintly, that seemed to have the charming feeling more.
Shielding has already forgot how much wine he had drunk last night, he doesn’t know how many this kind of ONS he already had in his this life. But looked at that woman in the bed quietly, looked at her that full of charm curve and her that natural like wave hair, he had some unusual feeling in his heart. 
If it’s not because he fell into the panic of worrying to be arrested by the federation at any time, perhaps he would never have sex with this kind of trouble character, especially he knows very clearly the background of this woman and her callousness.
“Don’t pretend sleeping.” Shielding opened his mouth and said coldly, “I still have to go to work today.”
Youzhi turned her body around in the bed very lazily, but her eyes were still shut closely, the residual makeup on her face is not ugly, instead has a kind of red flower after the rain feeling. She pulled the red silk thin quilt up a bit subconsciously, covered her chest, then she opened her eyes slowly and asked, “what time is it now?”
“Eleven o’clock.” hearing Youzhi that somewhat hoarse voice, Shielding this playboy couldn’t help to have some mind oscillation incredibly, thought of the crazy last night, in the bed this woman looks like lascivious, but actually catered to him not so smoothly, the initial tight and nervous, became the running river in the end.
Youzhi sat up in the bed, turned her body around and began to put on her clothes, she lowered head slightly and said coldly, “don’t let anyone know about what happened last night.”
“I think so too.” Shielding said calmly.
Youzhi’s back figure had a stiff slightly, after a moment she said, “don’t tell anyone that you know me in the future.”
“I think so too.” Shielding’s reply was still this calm and cold.
Youzhi dressed the clothes well, walked to the door of the apartment, and then raised her voice in great weeping without any omen. The tears washed down on her face like the rains, cried the residual makeup powder into a flower, a broken flower.
Shielding looked at her quietly, knew that this woman was not crying for his attitude, perhaps she was crying for something even herself was not fully clearly? But he knew that Youzhi was crying for real, crying desperately, crying grieved, crying for her past, crying for her present, crying for herself, crying for others…
This rascal official of the FBI knows women very much, when woman even were crying, she still would care about whether she was crying good-looking. Only when she was taking herself as a broken jar, then she would grin the mouth, blow the nose bubble, and twist the facial features, just like the Youzhi right now.
“Don’t cry. I am a dying people, I still didn’t cry, what are you crying for?” the expression of Shielding was particularly gloomy.
Just right at this time, the phone of the apartment rang, Shielding picked up the phone, noticed that the red light flashed on the phone, this represents that it’s a secret phone call came from the unknown line, and had already passed the legal monitoring of the FBI to the subordinate staff. 
He silenced for a moment, connected the phone, and then he heard a strange voice, “the preliminary assumption is reached, we need the more detailed things.”
Just after this sentence, the phone call was stopped suddenly, the expression on Shielding’s face became more heavy. At this time he still didn’t know, last night the negotiation details and result between that middle-aged man and the prince, but this phone call indicated, this negotiation seemed to be successful, and he also don’t need to begin to flee from his home right away.
The work began, Shielding put down the phone, took a deep breath, when he turned his head around, then he found out that the dressed in red girl had already disappeared.
“Lately I would be very busy.”
Sheilor listened to the voice on the other side of the phone, he didn’t reply, just listened very seriously to the words of Shielding.
“You know that I am a FBI official, often have to perform some tasks which are the skeleton in the closet, so perhaps one day I would disappear.” Shielding said breezily on the other side of the phone, “if one day I am really missing, please don’t worry, and don’t try to find me.”
The sound was very easy, but Sheilor still could smell some not so auspicious omen, he wanted to ask, but from the tone of his friend, he could tell that the other party wouldn’t tell the real reason. 
“Now the problem is, my task is a secret mission, after I am missing, maybe the FBI will have the investigation on you.” Shielding the voice on the other side of the phone became extremely seriously, “you just tell the truth, don’t try to hide anything in front of those professionals, you couldn’t hide the truth from them. Besides, we are just the regular friends, they should be able to investigate it clearly.”
“I don’t know how you know Charlie Tai, but I also don’t need to know about it right now. I just want to remind you, if after I disappeared, you ran into the big trouble, you could try to tell his name out, I believe that you shouldn’t have too much problem.”
Sheilor had been listening to the explain of Shielding quietly, but at this time, he finally could help to say, “even the most secret mission still would have that day when it is completed… if you missing represents that you can’t come back no more, I hope that you still can notice me, after all, I don’t have too many friends in the federation.”
The voice of Shielding on the other side of the phone paused for a moment, then he said, “I will try my best.”
Sheilor held the mobile phone tightly, his eyes narrowed habitually, said seriously, “no matter what kind of trouble you are in right now, I hope that you can take good care of yourself.”
After this phone call, Shielding then disappeared in the life of Sheilor. After many days, Sheilor even ran to the Coastal Field Service of the FBI to look for him once, those staff members of the Section Four said, the section chief Shielding requested for two month long vacation, but nobody knew where he went to and what he did. 
Sheilor couldn’t help to have some worry, but in the situation he couldn’t get hold with the other party, he couldn’t do anything at all.
Disappeared with Shielding at the same time, also had that mysterious Charlie Tai.
In one night, Sheilor took the risk to enter the H1 area once, but he couldn’t find the existence of the coffee in the lounge, but he confirmed that Charlie Tai should still stay in the campus, just seemed to be busy in something.
For a moment, Sheilor had the great dissatisfaction for his own life, the rare couple friends, all seemed so spooks and so mysterious, said disappear then disappeared. He was somewhat annoyed to think, surely it doesn’t mean that in this world, still have the more mysterious guy than his identity?
After the late autumn is the winter, the thick snow piled on the streets of the university town of the Coastal state, the biting cold wind let most of the students choose the remote teaching, and not willing to leave the apartment block to go to listen the class of those professors. 
But Sheilor still walked through in the Pear Garden, wearing that green army dust coat which lady Chung gave to him, headed on the blizzard, studied silently, and lived his life silently.
The aftermath of the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival had already all gone, the finger pointing of the students to Sheilor on the road had already disappeared. 
The only interlude was that fetched down the front teeth by Sheilor in tow punches, the childe of the Channing family, asked somebody to bring him some gifts, expressed their reconciliatory intend. 
Also through this detail, Sheilor then understood, after all, the heir of the Tai family, in some classes of the federation, is really the infinitely awe-stricken existence indeed.
The New Year is coming, just when Sheilor was almost frozen by the blizzard to have the numb mood, he received a phone call in the cafeteria, Charming that somewhat hesitated voice came from the other side of the phone, “you asked my secret in the dancing party, can I meet you on the iron tower tomorrow afternoon?” 


Chapter 8
The goodbye on the iron tower

Sheilor had a stiff on his hand which was holding the phone, and then he promised very straightforwardly. He put the phone back into his arms, the came back to himself. It has already been more than twenty days after the dancing party, and he also has met with Charming for more than twenty days. 
He took out the school timetable to take a look, then he found out that tomorrow would be the last day of December, of course there would be no class. Then he found out the quiet and loneliness had been kept for so long in these days, it’s so long that he had already forgot the coming of the New Year.
At this time, Charming was in a daze in her own single apartment, she took a look at the black frame glasses by the side of her hand, a flicker of distress and struggle showed on her comely face. After the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival, Charlie Tai lost his trace once again, she never couldn’t find any chance to get close to that man again…
The failure of this mission, didn’t let senator Medellin feel any discontent, instead that fond like a father elder, said a few words to comfort her, asked her to pay attention to hide her identity well. At the same time, he pointed it out secretly, since that named Sheilor boy student knows Charlie Tai by opportunity, perhaps start from him that side, there would be a good result.
To use Sheilor to get close to that man? Charming blinked her long eyelash a couple times, she denied this way in the first time, she doesn’t want to hurt that man once again after she had already hurt him once.
The last day of the Year sixty-six of the Constitution Calendar thirty-seven, the whole federation immersed in the atmosphere of celebrating the New Year. 
Although in the distant light years away, across the Milky Way to watch each other with the West Forest Region, the Empire still is the shadow in the hearts of the federal citizens, but after all the front line is too far away, everyone doesn’t want to think about that problem subconscious.
The federal people, the really anxious eyes, all cast to the S2 Region. After the election of the four states surrounding the mountains was over, the federal government had the charge to the senators of the opposite faction becoming increasingly fierce, they accused the other party didn’t really put down the weapons, the federal military also began to step up the preparation for war, the breakout of the civil war once again, seemed to be the inevitable thing.
The came out from the anti-government army senator Medellin, has already been elected as the senator of the federal Management Committee successfully, really gets into the federal political core area, but no matter how he lifted up his voice in every meeting in the Capital District, still couldn’t really eliminate the danger of the civil war. 
Because all the people know it clearly, senator Medellin could influence those people of the four states surrounding the mountains, but he couldn’t influence those taking the guns anti-government armed force in the mountains.
After the federal embargo and economic sanction in successive years, the anti-government army in the mountains has already come to the brink of collapse, but they wouldn’t be honestly waiting to be suppressed by the federal troops, and instead they would choose some kind of  counterattack way.
Although there are so many worries, but to the ordinary citizens of the federation, the life must continue, these problems about the politics, about the life and death, just at most could let them to have a few sighs with emotion when they read the electronic newspaper.
The New Year’s Eve, all the famous restaurants are all booked up, and the holiday lamps and the neon lights of the playground, began to shine in the day, create a kind of peaceful, rich and happy scene. Have the vacation families, relatives and lovers, occupy those huge sky wheel and the special restaurants in the ice and snow world.
Compared with those lively places, that cloud-kissing iron tower of the Coastal state, lost its elegant demeanor as the tourist attraction, became incomparable quiet, because not many people are willing to come up to the ventilated all around iron tower in this cold winter.
Sheilor didn’t take the elevator, he carried the backpack to climb up to the iron tower step by step, his face was slightly red, the sweat seeped out from his hair, but his breath was still stable, he didn’t feel a bit of tiredness. Now he has already been able in the daily life every day, to keep practicing his own nerve and body, let that mysterious power become more and more gentle in his body, and also become more and more powerful.
The cold wind was roaring on the sightseeing layer of the iron tower, the orange holiday lamps were pulled to the lonely lines, leaned close to the body of the metal construction. No other people, only by the side of the distant rail, a girl in the dark brown wind coat, holding her lower jaw, was fascinated to look at the city scenery of the Coastal state.
She wore a cute velour hat, the hands were in the pink gloves, the long eyelashes were blinking in the cold wind, seemed that she didn’t feel the cold, just looked at the outside of the rail quietly.
Sheilor stood more than ten meters behind her back, looked at her quietly, he was somewhat absent-minded. Hasn’t seen her for days, but when he saw her again, his mood came back to the situation like at the beginning, very calm and peaceful.
“you came.” Charming turned her body around, had a smile at him.
Sheilor walked over to her and had a smile gently, took the backpack behind his back down, threw it by the side of her feet, stood by her side, looked at the outside of the rail along with previous eyesight. He could see some heavy clouds floated in the no snow sky, the building tops of the Coastal state, and the snow and ice trace left by this winter. The whole city is in the atmosphere of New Year, but he still felt some lonely.
“The scenery up here is not so much.” Sheilor imagined the girl’s mood when she was watching over here earlier, “why did you think of to meet over here?” he asked.
“My parents was very busy when I was little, and I didn’t want to sit in those little rooms of the sky wheel, so I liked to come up here to watch the scenery alone.” Charming breathed out some fogs, gazed at the shadow of the distant sky wheel and said, “that night in the dancing party, I refused to dance with you, I hope that you don’t mind.”
“I had already said that night, I don’t know dance.” Sheilor still narrowed his eyes to look at the grey in the sky, he said, “if today you still want to say I am sorry these three words, I don’t think there is any meaning. Although I have never been in love before, but I also know, there is no right or wrong for this kind of thing.”
“You have some change.” Charming turned her head around suddenly and looked at him, and then laughed, “at that time in front of the teaching building, you spoke more plausibly than right now.”
Sheilor also remembered the speech of that time, he said with a smile, “I looked at the things too simple at that time.” he turned his head around and looked at the flowing shine in Charming’s eyes quietly, then he noticed that the other party didn’t wear that pair of black frame glasses, he said in a soft voice, “until today, I still think that the things are very simple, but it seems besides me, all the people in this world, always used to make the simple thing to very complicated.”
Charming didn’t think of that she would hear the words like this, she closed her eyes slightly, fell into the meditation, after a long time she said softly, “perhaps it’s because I am a very complicated people originally, but you are a very simple people.”
“No. you are a very simple people, but you want to do some very complicated things.” Sheilor held the railing with his hands, then he felt the railing is cold as ice, he held back his hands and blew a warm breath on them, he asked, “what on earth is your secret?”
Charming silenced for a long time, then opened her mouth and said, “a year ago, I had the voluntary backup job in the office of the senator Medellin.” 
“I know about this, many young people in the federation go to the four states surrounding mountains to do this kind of work.” Sheilor said, “you came back, and judged by the government as the return people, this shouldn’t be any trouble.”
“The problem is, until today, actually I am still working for the senator Medellin.” Charming suddenly laughed, the smile seemed a bit chilly.
Heard the real identity of Charming, Sheilor fell into silence, after a long time, then he said in a soft voice, “and then?”
“Although I don’t have the professional spy training, but what I am doing, actually is nothing different from a spy.” Charming lowered her head, looked at that heavy backpack by her feet, she said, “I came back to the Pear Garden university, in face, only have one goal, which is to get close to Charlie Tai, help the senator build up a certain kind of direct contact with him.”
“And then”
Charming took a look at him with the slight surprise, continued to say, “besides the dancing party of the Bi-Moons Festival, I don’t have any other way to get close to that mysterious heir of the Tai family… oh, right, perhaps you still don’t know his true identity right now.”
Sheilor shook his head, stopped this question, and asked very calmly, “and then?”
No matter what Charming said, Sheilor just replied her these two words: and then? Charming looked at him quietly, took off one pink glove from her hand, put it on his hand, and lowered her head and said in a soft voice, “you seem to be not surprised at all, and also not anger.”
“In fact… the strange things I ran into in this life, are much more than what you can imagine.” Sheilor’s left hand had the glove on, his right held her hand very naturally, looked at her and said seriously, “I just don’t understand, what is the relationship these things to do with the thing between us.”
“I am a spy.” Charming looked at him seriously, she said somewhat bafflingly, “don’t you feel any bit of fear?”
Sheilor was annoyed to mutter a few words, thought that he was a fugitive after all. He heaved a sigh and shook his head, pulled open the hair under Charming’s brim gently, looked at her that smooth forehead, had the pity for her and said, “if this is what your secret… very long time ago, I have already guessed it, but just didn’t think of at that time, the guessed truth is the truth.”
Charming had a forced smile, turned her head around, looked at the sky outside of the rail and said, “I know that I hurt you, and I shouldn’t say these words originally. But if I couldn’t explain to you clearly, I feel very uncomfortable in my heart.”
“You want to get close to Charlie Tai, so you left me…” Sheilor combed these chaotic information for her, silenced for a moment and then said, “but you found out now, I actually know Charlie Tai, if you want to get close to him, perhaps it would be more convenient to stay by my side… you didn’t come to see me in these many days, obviously you don’t want to look back again.”
“If I came back to your side in this kind of situation, that will be the insult to you, and also to myself.” Charming loosen the holding him hand, held up her own face, on her face were all the relaxation and determination after the extrication, “I wouldn’t allow myself to do this kind of thing.”
Sheilor felt a bit happier, “you have ever asked me how I look on the George Collin doctrine and those people in the S2, I once said, I feel sympathy for them and are willing to support them, but I don’t understand… just because the things you are willing to sacrifice for, then you could sacrifice our love?”
Charming’s nose tip was wrinkled up painfully, she heaved a sigh and said, “perhaps it’s ridiculous in your view, but it’s my belief after all… and I would go back to the four states surround the mountains in the future definitely, but your ideal is to become the chief engineer of the Nutshell motor company, there is not future between two of us originally.”
“We don’t talk about the future, just talk about the present. You came here today, it looks like that the people you serve had the new request to you.” Sheilor narrowed his eyes, said in taunt, “I respect any belief, but if it is a kind of belief which needs to sacrifice his own emotion, needs to betray his own emotion… in my opinion, it’s really a very disgusting thing.”
Charming felt his anger, so she changed the topic silently, “the pressure of four states surrounding the mountains is too big right now, those living in the mountains soldiers and the working staffs, would meet the strike of the federal military pretty soon… and the people could change the will of the federal government, only those few big families. Charlie Tai is the heir of the Tai family of the seven big families, if the senator Medellin could get his trust, then he could help the people in the mountains live through this tough period.”
“In your opinion, I betrayed the feeling between us, just for a visionary belief. But in fact, all the things I am doing just for those fresh and alive lives.”
Sheilor silenced for a long time and then said, “I also haven’t seen Charlie for many days, perhaps the things on your that side I couldn’t do you any help.”
“I just want to tell you frankly all of these.” Charming looked at him, the eyes had the water mist diffused.
Sheilor held her into his arms, both hands got through her that brown dust coat, closed to her that soft and warm young body, held her tightly, didn’t want to let her go, and smelled the light body sweet on her heck, “you are my first woman.” he said.
Charming fell in his arms and said, “you are my first man.”
“I like you.”
“I like you too.”
“Do you really want to leave me?”
“Yes.”
“Then what on earth is between us? What is that night for? The hand-out to me this poor man before your martyrdom?” Sheilor’s voice became angry suddenly.
Charming lowered her head, pushed his lower jaw like a kitten, and said faintly, “you just take it as the hand-out to me, perhaps you wouldn’t be so unhappy.”
“Have you ever thought, those play the politics big shots, just only using you… have you ever thought, in fact, you are just only a girl knows nothing, you are very naïve…” Sheilor stood straight his body, forgot that he himself is also a not up to twenty years old young man, he looked at Charming in the eyes dumpishly.
Charming laughed, but the tears were flashing in her eyes, the nasal was very heavy, she said sobbingly, “I am still young, I can have the naïve well while I still can be naïve.”
Just in this moment, Sheilor knew that he couldn’t persuade her to leave that world he is strange with, he understood the idea and thought of some people in this world faintly. Just in this moment, he began to understand the stubborn of this girl, began to taste the came early sadness.
So they two began to kiss not so smoothly, he kiss the tears of the girl away, just right on the iron tower in the chill wind. At this moment, a New Year firework was blooming in the sky, reflected the figures of these two young people, it appeared incomparably lonely.


Chapter 9
The New Year’s gift

After the fireworks bloomed, Sheilor and Charming walked down the iron tower, the stairs were so long, but these two people hoped that it could be longer. 
Just right in the New Year’s bell, they kept warm to each other, held the hands, really like a pair of lovers that way, wandered on the noisy street of the Coastal state, didn’t think anything, didn’t consider anything. 
When they were holding the just baked bread, walked to the front of the big screen on the crossroads of the city downtown, it was just the last minute countdown time of the year sixty-six of the Constitution Calendar. It’s a sea of people on the street corner, the young people had the excitement and supplication expression revealed on the face, all stared at the keep changing numbers on the screen. 
Sheilor had a smile, took a look in his arms Charming and said, “have you seen? In fact, most people’s life is so common and rich.” the crowd push and squeeze, the severe winter is forced to retreat, the cheeks of Charming are slightly red, she took off her hat and said, “but you always can’t look at the surface.”
Two people began to silence at the same time in the crowd, leaned close to each other quietly. Come to speak of wonderful, this pair of young man and woman, in front of people, always used to silence, and only when they stay together, then they would have more words and expressions.
“Ten, nine, eight, seven…” along with the number changed on the huge light screen, the people on the street corner square began to count down loudly, the voice is getting louder and louder, neater and neater, and shocked straight to those two moons in the sky.
The number turned to zero finally, the year sixty-six of the Constitution Calendar stepped out its final step just like this, the second hand of the New Year welcomed the cheering of countless people and the ribbons on the square.
“Happy New Year!”
“Happy year sixty-seven!”
People waved the scarves and hats in the hands happily, blew the horns, added some noise for the atmosphere of the New Year. The fellow partners began to embrace each other, those young men even take advantage of the New Year atmosphere, began to bravely hug those girls they don’t know. 
Charming held back her laugh, was pulled away from this noisy and “dangerous” area by Sheilor. In some particular moment, a young man shows the possessive and the little jealousy, it would appear very lovely, let the girl feel very sweet in the heart.
But just after that sweet moment, it became the calm and a little disappointment, she looked at Sheilor quietly and said, “my task is failed, and it’s also over, it doesn’t have any meaning to stay in the Pear Garden university any longer. Perhaps the day after tomorrow, I would go back to S2 Region.”
Sheilor silenced, didn’t say anything like waiting for and so on, after this goodbye, didn’t know when they would see again. He also didn’t try to keep her stay, the situation of the four states surrounding the mountains was too critical, she must return to the place where she missed, to fight with those strange people together.
“Be caution.” he lowered his head, put the glove back on her hand, held the hand slightly, and then gave her a New Year’s hug.
Suddenly, his eyes moved from the shoulders to that light screen doubly, because he found out, on the federal TV station, that having the New Year greetings the picture of Jane Sui disappeared, changed on that very familiar news anchor.
At the same time, noticed the change of the light screen was not only Sheilor one person, the people on the street corner square cast the doubtful eyes on the light screen. 
That female news anchor looked slightly panic, she said, “now we inter-cut a news our station just received…” after she said this sentence, the good news accomplishment let this female news anchor calmed down immediately, “a come from the reliable source information confirmed…”
The news of the federal TV station often have the inter-cut breaking news and events, but in the special moment of the New Year, having the inter-cut, it must be the very important thing without question. The people on the street corner square all quieted down, looked at the huge light screen with some anxiousness, and listened to the voice of the new female anchor rang in the air.
The voice of the news female anchor was a bit quick, but she had the can’t be masked joy in her eyes, the whole federation watching the news break people, immediately put down their hearts. It doesn’t seem that the President was assassinated, and also not the Empire took the advantage of the federal New Year, launched the invasion brazenly. Then what kind of good news, would let the directors of the federal TV station, made the decision to have the news break in the first time? 
“Just half an hour ago, the senator Mr. Palmer of the federal Management Committee flight by the plane, had already landed on the Greening airport of the S2 Region. The Greening airport is the only air channel Greening mountains connected with the outside world, it still under the control of the anti-government armed force. The following is the picture our station just received.”
The people on the street corner square, incredibly looked at the picture on the light screen. A dressed in the gray wind coat tall man, under the protection of several aides and staff, walked down the gangway ladder of a shabby transport plane. And under the plane, several leading figures of the anti-government army, were moving towards him with the solemn expression.
The face of that tall man is somewhat dark, the facial lines are clear like the knife-cut, show the fortitude character of this man, his lips are somewhat thick, it’s the rising political star of the federation in these two years, the having the vast support of the lower and middle classes senator Palmer.
In the news picture on the light screen, senator Palmer that big right hand and the hand of the anti-government Committee leader, held together tightly.
At the same time, the voice-over of the federal TV station news anchor, has been repeating constantly, “we don’t know when the senator Palmer left the Capital District, and went to the Greening mountains military control area, but according to the news wire copy sent from the senator office, the senator Palmer this trip, is after he accepted the invitation of the anti-government committee leader Namsui, come to negotiate the settlement agreement.”
“According to the latest news, both sides have already reached the agreement on the supporting details, in the next twenty-four hours, the anti-government army will be fully out of the four states surrounding the mountains, keep the effective peace zone with the government force.”
“The office of the senator Palmer, had the public appeal, before the settlement agreement is signed, please the government keep the restraint attitude, the also express, the specific provisions of the settlement agreement, will be sent to the Management Committee and the President office… senator Palmer believes, this settlement agreement, would be able to meet the dignity and requirements of all aspects.”
“According to the our reporter stationed in the four states surrounding the mountains, before eight o’clock last night, the anti-government army began the retreat action, but no one expected, this is all for welcoming the sudden visit of the senator Palmer.”
“According to the analyst say, the reason why the office of the senator Palmer could show so confidence in the news wire copy, that’s because Mr. senator has already gained some kind of promise from the anti-government army leader Namsui, the anti-government would have the great concession in the negotiation, and accept the three key conditions which the government puts forward.”
On the corner street square, the quietly listened to the news crowd, finally burst out the applause and cheers at this time, no matter from the news, or from the senator Medellin busy lobby action, the federal people, all guessed the military action in the S2 Region would start soon, the civil war is on the verge of breaking out, this fact let this New Year cover a layer of shadow. 
But when the New Year just began, that flight by the transport plane and took the risk to go to the anti-government army area the senator Palmer, would bring people such a huge surprise, so people couldn’t help to jump for joy.
“The President news spokesman, just made a statement, they welcome the anti-government army in the coming of the New Year, the peace they showed. At the same time, they appreciate the senator Palmer the unremitting efforts for the peace, they appreciate the senator Palmer took the risk to go to the mountains personally. But the news spokesman also said, Mr. President still don’t know the specific contents of this agreement, so he is unable to make the specific evaluation.”
“The Management Committee still keeps silence temporarily, an anonymous liaison officer of one senator office, expressed his doubt for the real intention of the senator Palmer this trip. And he insisted, the negotiation action without the authorized by the President and the Management Committee, is not legal, the legendary settlement agreement, actually doesn’t have the legal effectiveness.”
The people on the corner street square had the extremely harsh boos, at this moment, if the federal Management Committee dare to throw the cold water on this hard-won peace process, only would cause the discontent of all the federal people. That officer didn’t dare to reveal his identity, obviously he doesn’t want the senator he was serving, in the next election, would be abandoned ruthlessly by the angry people.
The news picture on the light screen, changed to the anti-government army retreat picture which the TV station just received, those wearing the dark uniform anti-government army, orderly taking the armored vehicles, along the rugged mountain road, retreated toward the remote mountains and the forest.
Then the voice of the news anchor sounded up again, “the Ministry of National Defense has not had the officially response all along, according to the analyst said, the federal military has been planning the spring offensive for two years, they wouldn’t just because the senator Palmer reached the settlement agreement with the anti-government army by himself, then slow the pace of the preparation for war. The news spokesman of the Department of Defense, with the reason that today is the public holiday, refused the interview of our station…”
When she talked to this point, the expression of the female news anchor was very serious, the voice was paused deliberately, obviously wanted this ridiculous excuse of the Department of Defense, to accept the boos by the whole federal people.
“The logistics deputy director general Young Chad of the Department of Defense, when accepting the interview of our station, said with the private identity, as a loyal federal soldier, he will firmly execute every command of Mr. President and the Management Committee. But he is more willing the mecha and the bombs, dump on the land of the Empire… for the future prospect of this settlement agreement, he is very optimistic.”
“All the variety traces showed, the senator Palmer this risky trip, has already formed the rich fruit. Perhaps the peace will come, and perhaps the civil will not take place…” on the light screen, the female news anchor looks at the camera, said with a smile, “there is no doubt, this is the Constitution Calendar sixty-seven, the senator Palmer gave all the federal people, the best New Year gift.”
Hearing the cheers all around, and the voice shouting senator Palmer, Sheilor held back his cast to the light screen eyes, somewhat couldn’t believe his own eyes, he smiled happily, he looked at Charming by his side and said, “it looks like, you don’t have to go back in a rush.”
Charming incredibly looked at those pictures on the light screen, was surprised and doubtful to say, “how come there was no any message in advance? The senator there also seems to don’t know about it at all.”
Just right at this time, Sheilor’s phone rang, a familiar and didn’t hear for days voice came from the other side of the phone, the voice was full of exhaustion and the light satisfaction, “my work is done, where you are right now, come to have a drink with me.”
On the first day of the New Year, Sheilor hear the voice of Shielding, he was very happy.


Chapter 10
To our President

In the bar are full of the celebrating the New Year people, in the double stimulus of the alcohol and the good news broadcasted earlier in the news, people are talking loudly something, had the cheers to the people they don’t know. 
Sheilor was very difficult to walk to a relative quiet corner of the bar, saw those two empty liquor bottles in front of Shielding, he couldn’t help to shake his head.
Shielding is still wearing his that crumpled suit, the whole people is sending out a stream of sour taste, the table in front of him has several bottles of amber spirits and two glasses on, besides a bucket of ice, there is nothing else.
“Charming not coming with you?” Shielding opened his eyes lazily, although he had already had two bottles of spirit down, but this looks more like a elegant rascal FBI official, the eyes are still clear, doesn’t have any sighs of getting drunk. 
Sheilor admire Shielding’s drinking capacity the most, he heaved a sigh and pour himself a shallow layer of the liquor, but added seven pieces of ice, the he replied, “her family has a party today, so she went back there first.”
In fact, Charming didn’t want to go back to that full of stale air, only knows to keep having the social intercourses in the high society home. But she admitted her spy identity frankly to Sheilor today, of course Sheilor wouldn’t bring her to come to meet Shielding, after all, Shielding is the FBI official. Thought of Charming, the expression of Sheilor became heavy gradually. About the girl’s heart, no matter what, he couldn’t fully understand.
“Haven’t seem you for some days, how would that woman come back to your side?” Shielding looked at his that expression, the delicate eyebrows were wrinkled. He knew that Charming was with Sheilor together from the phone, he immediately thought of the senator Medellin that aspect. Thought of that girl student, perhaps wants to get close to Charlie Tai through coming back to Sheilor’s side, he couldn’t hide the antipathy in his heart, so he said coldly, “didn’t you forget the thing happened before the dancing party?”
Sheilor had a smile honestly, although he couldn’t guess what specific thing Shielding worried about, but he still could hear it out, the other party was caring for him. He avoided this matter and said, “tell me about yourself, what FBI secret mission, let you go away for this long. I went the section four to look for you, even your clerks all don’t know where you went to.”
“Well, since it’s the secret mission, those little bastards of course don’t know it clearly.” Shielding raised his eyebrows a bit, had the unspeakably merry proud, “nominally I just had two months vacation, go to the south tropical area to have the vacation.”
“Since so, of course this mission you also can’t tell me.” Sheilor said with a smile.
Shielding shrugged his shoulders, approved tacitly this statement. He lies down on the sofa very comfortably, while he was drinking the spirit, he was watching the TV in the bar. The TV light screen still kept repeating that breakout news, the walked up on the gangway ladder senator Palmer seems so composed on the screen, the Greening mountains wind was blowing on his that dust coat, made it had some “Foo Foo” noise.
Looked at this picture, Shielding took a sip on his thin lips, and narrowed his eyes as well, then fell into the meditation. In the last tens of days, he was very busy. The connection between the Tai family and the anti-government army, all were completed by him alone, the bargain condition of both sides, the back and forth transaction of the information, the collides of the wills of each other… let him work very hard. 
The number two character of the anti-government army, had already left the Coastal state long ago, all of these need him to finish independently. He used the secret line, dedicated his heart and soul to this blockbuster backstage deal. Not only needed to avoid the attention of the federal government, but also needed to prevent the monitoring of the Tai family aspect. The pressure is heavy like a mountain, pressed him almost couldn’t breathe, he even didn’t have time to take a bath.
Now everything is over temporarily, the two sides reached an agreement, the tens of days hard work and nervousness seemed to get a very good result. Watching the complexion dark as black the senator Palmer on the TV that graceful bearing, he could help to feel some mental and physical exhaustion for a moment.
“Do you know? On the picture this like a rock guy, next year will be our sir President.” Shielding put down the glass, lit a cigarette, took a deep smoke enjoyably, he heaved a sigh contentedly, added a sentence in his heart bitterly, at least before this guy officially elected the President, he should be safe in the federation.
Watching on the light screen that the senator Palmer was shaking hands with the leaders of the anti-government army, Shielding couldn’t help to feel wonder at the influence which the Tai family has in the federation.
Chose in the New Year’s time, in this sudden news event way, to let Palmer appear in front of the whole federal public eyes, have to say… this is a kind of operation way which can maximize the interest.
But the key is, the Tai family must have to have this kind of control to the media, and the judgment ability to the countless forces and factions inside of the federal government, then they could let this news event caught everybody unprepared.
If the federal citizens really could get rid of the shadow of the civil war, then they must will remember in a very long time, when everyone was in celebrating the New Year, a respected identity federal senator took the great risk, went to the anti-government army controlled mountains secretly, reached the reconciliation agreement with the other party. From this day onwards, people will be difficult to forget, that moment picture which the wearing dust coat, having the composed expression senator Palmer walked down the gangway ladder of the transport plane.
“It’s this year.” Sheilor reminded Shielding that it’s already passed twelve o’clock at this time, he shook his head and said, “although I like the senator Palmer as well, but the political things are too far away from us, I also don’t know whether he could be elected successfully.”
“Believe me, he is already the President.” Shielding had a smile, slightly seemed tired, he thought that if in such public opinion agitation, the senator Palmer still can’t seize this opportunity, it only shows that the upper people of the organization and the Tai family all look at the wrong people at the same time.
He also thought of, the federal ordinary people, only watch this scene of today’s news, but they don’t know for this scene could be happening on time in the New Year time, how many times of negotiations both sides of this event had already had secretly, and how many rounds of consults they had already had, then finally they could be able to sign the agreement. 
The ordinary people, even have no idea behind this seemingly legendary senator reconciliation journey, how many unknown inside stories are hidden inside.
Shielding knows all these inside stories, because he is one of the party. He looked at Sheilor quietly, thought of that conversation in the dancing party in the Bi-Moons Festival, thought of that this good friend in front of him, probably never know the important role he played in this event, then he couldn’t help to had a smile slightly.
Pressed the cigarette butt off, Shielding raised the glass, said to Sheilor, “to the peace of the Federation.”
Sheilor raised his glass, responded with a smile, “to our future President.”
Shielding took the shot in gulp, he had a flicker of strange smile on his face, “yes, too… our… President.”
……
The busy workers had already left, the connected by the optical fiber light screen also had been dismantled, and was ready to be shipped out. Charlie Tai stood on the second floor, looked at the cold and cheerless hall below, but he seems that he still can look at the computer screens, which could present the important intelligence of all the federal big forces, and those staffs how were responsible for the studying the specific steps, and the analyzing the reactions of all parties after the event. 
This is a villa at the suburban of the Coastal state, it’s the real estate of the Tai family. In the last more than ten days, this villa becomes a temporary decision room, specifically responsible for processing the negotiation matters with the anti-government army. In the past these days, that light screen had been turned on all the time, those staffs had been busy all the time, even they walked like running.
Charlie Tai warped up the corners of his mouth and had a smile. 
After the adult ceremony, he finally has all the limits of the authority, really began to operate a big event which could affect the whole federation independently for the first time.
In lady Tai paying close attention, in the help of the countless staffs of the whole family, after paid the energy overdraft of many days, he finally saw with satisfaction, his work had a very good result. 
He just watched the news on the light screen only once, but actually he watched this news four minutes earlier than anybody in the federation, even the sir President. Because this news needed to be passed his examination originally, then it could be sent to the Department of Public Information of the federal TV station. 
The federal TV station is the national TV station, any enterprise, rich man, even the legendary seven big families, all don’t have the ability to control it completely. But countless forces will be trying to reach out their hands in the federal TV station, and the always low-key and composed Tai family, to the most important Department of Public Information of the federal TV station, has the most powerful influence.
Charlie Tai holds the rail with his both hands, recalls that news scene in his mind, he is very satisfied with the performance which the Mr. senator Palmer showed in front of the camera. He believes in the near future, the campaign office of the senator Palmer, must will choose that picture for the main poster cover, posts it to the entire federal streets, and win him over countless votes. 
Thought of this, the youngster couldn’t help laughing up, he felt very satisfied with the work he had in this many days. 
The negotiation with the anti-government army was particularly difficult, because to the most important three conditions which were proposed by the federal government, the other party never was willing to concede. And if Charlie Tai couldn’t persuade the other party to give in on this aspect, then even they could managed with an effort to sign the intention of settlement agreement, it’s afraid of one thing that in front of the President and the Management Committee, it’s still impossible to get a trace of recognition.
The negotiation was conducted until the last moment, at that time, the senator Palmer had already taken the private airship of the Tai family secretly, arrived the four states surrounding the mountains of the S2 Region, that not eye-catching conveyor had already been filled up the oil, the aged engine has begun to roar, but the both sides responsible for the negotiation still didn’t reach the agreement. 
To reach the settlement agreement is very important, actually the time and place to reach the agreement are more important. Both sides know it very clearly, to choose New Year this moment, what it means to the senator Palmer. So the anti-government army has been delaying, it is rather having the idea to exchange the time for the interest.
Finally, the senator Palmer issued the statement under the conveyor, if the anti-government army still insist, then he would rather to take the risk, which he would become the political laughingstock of the federation after the thing is exposed, he would go back to the Capital by the airship directly.
Just through this little episode, Charlie Tai once again confirmed that his view to the senator Palmer was right, this senator really have sincerity and insistence which are seldom seen in the federal politics-- Charlie Tai would love to see such people to become the President of the Federation.
“Master, we should go now.” the steward Ken walked to behind him, looked at the side of face quietly and had a smile. He knew it very clearly, after completed this kind of political operation independently for the first time, a young man will be how satisfied and tired.  
“Yes, that’s right, finally I can relax.” Charlie Tai said with a sigh, “what schedules and arrangements will I have for tomorrow?”
“Tomorrow will be the concert for the new song releasing of Miss Jane Sue, it will be held in the comprehensive gymnasium of the university town.” the steward Ken silenced for a moment and then said, “but according to the information and news from different channels, I suggest that you don’t attend it, because it may have the danger existed.”


Chapter 11
The story about Jane Sue

“Who else know about my next day schedule?”
“Nobody.”
Charlie Tai looked at the steward Ken and said with a smile, “since it’s so, then where the danger comes from?”
“According to the internal analysis of the FBI, in the current situation, the families supporting the other Presidential candidates, should have the enough anger to master you.”
“All these are just the speculation.” Charlie Tai said, “in a few more months, I am going to leave the Pear Garden university, go to the West Forest to serve in the army, don’t you expect that in the barracks, there are still full of the family bodyguards around me?” 
……
The Coastal university town, the blizzard is still raged down same as the former years, put the entire great area urban agglomeration, all covered in the snow and ice. 
Those celebrating the New Yea families strolled on the street happily, and those students who are alone in other locality, more used to hide in the warm quilt in the apartment to play the games.
But this habit was broken by a concert this year, every campus seemed very quiet. But the comprehensive gymnasium which is located on the northwest corner of the university town by the Rose river, is very lively.
Sheilor flipped off the snow crumbs on the body, took a deep breath, looked up that incomparably huge light screen on the stadium, looked at that very familiar beautiful face of the purple hair girl on the light screen, he couldn’t help shaking his head.
When he was in the East Forest Region in those years, they these orphans only could be attracted by Jane Sue on the TV screen, shouted some unrealistic slogans. Never thought of in this lifetime, he would also have this day to see Jane Sue with his own eyes in the Capital Planet Circle. 
Jane Sue is the super star of the Federation, using super star these two words perhaps is not that appropriate, because the stars on the TV and movie aspects are so many like the stars in the Federation, but it’s extremely rare like Jane Sue this kind of star. It should be said, this under eighteen years old purple hair girl, since that day when she appeared on the federal TV channel, she had already occupied the hearts of all the federal citizens quickly.
No matter her that sometimes nifty and sometimes supple purple hair, or her that pair of big, as if can speak eyes, or the warship commander uniforms of every historical periods she wore in the TV series, are all the most like to talk about topics in the leisure time of the federal citizens.
Even Sheilor this kind of having extraordinary encounters people, every time when he thought of Jane Sue, he still thought that this girl was the real legend.  
It’s said that Jane Sue lost her parents when she was very little, because a very coincident opportunity, she got on the screen of the Federal TV Station. At that time, she was just playing an adopted orphan in a long life home comedy… at that time, Jane Sue was not up to twelve years old yet, that pair of watery eyes revealed the expression like a poor little rabbit, the optimistic and cheerful smile time to time flashed on her that immature and lovely face, just in one evening, she won the hearts of all the federal citizens who have the born pity sense to the weak.
This longevity home comedy ended in a satisfactory way after it was broadcasted for six years, although Jane Sue only took part in the final one and half years of the most final, but that sometimes weak and sometimes strong like a grown man little girl which she played, became the most popular role of this comedy. 
The channel 23 of the federal TV station very wisely caught the favor of the public, in one and a half months later, brought out that series which has been played until today, the interstellar TV drama <<All Metal Torrent>>. This TV drama describes the whole progress of a federal warship female commander, from the day she entered the military school, then to practice, and then joined the war with the Empire in the end. The skill of the screenwriter is extraordinarily great, he depicts successfully a leading lady, who has the wisdom and calm of an adult, but has the girl charming at the same time. Of course, this heroine is played by Jane Sue.
Once this TV drama was brought out, it immediately won the unprecedented reverberation, successfully broke all the rating records of the federal TV station besides the News channel. And that dyed the hair purple little girl, even becomes the second to none idol figure of the Federation.
Now the story of this TV series, just played to the Enterprise which the colonel Jane Sue led, broke through the stone rip rap stream, and was going to arrive the West Forest Region.
According to the development of this trend, perhaps it will be according to the age of Jane Sue, films the drama until she spends her whole adolescence, until she enters the real adult.
The senior officials of the TV station are in no hurry, the audiences of the Federation are in no hurry, they are watching a myth born in the TV history, they only have the happiness in their hearts. An eleven and a half years old little girl starred in the TV series, fourteen years old had already been known in the entire starry sky, began to assume the advertisement pressure of the federal TV station, it is absolutely deserved to be called the legend.
The more legendary thing was that thing happened in the Constitution Calendar year sixty-four.
The angry Children Rights Conservation Foundation, after they negotiated inconclusively with the TV station, filed the complaint to the court about the Federal TV station, the competent department of the TV station, and the Radio Management Committee of the President Office.  
The Foundation thinks, the Federal TV station as the public property, ignored the children rights unexpectedly, kept squeezing the rest and study time of Jane Sue, it’s an insufferable thing. And the popularity of Jane Sue in the Federation, even would bring about a very bad agitation, would let the federal government ignore the protection to the children rights.
This case caused a sensation for a short while in the Federation, the thing made the noise bigger and bigger, from the first trial court to the local circuit court, then finally got to the Supreme Court, both parties of the lawsuit still kept quarreling without stop. 
The public opinion kept silence for this thing, because the federal public also couldn’t stand firmly the position in this matter. Those busy working at the daytime people, after they went back to home, the thing they most used to do, was to watch that incomparably lovely little girl on the TV screen, and the sympathy they have to Jane Sue is from their hearts, they are not willing to see that this little is just busy shooting the films every day, and doesn’t have her own life.
The lawsuit was getting greater and greater, the quite having the background Children Rights Conservation Foundation, constantly expanded the list of the defendants, the Federal TV station, the satellite service providers, and even the Johnson Viewing Research Agency, all became the defendants of this lawsuit. Finally, the Foundation even accused two responsible for checking the TV contents federal senators to the court!
In the President Office that director, who declared publicly that should allow Jane Sue to have her right of independent choice, of course also couldn’t escape by sheer luck.
This storm in the Supreme Court, finally was debated in person by Jane Sue in the autumn of the Constitution Calendar year sixty-four.
In the solemn court, the dressed in the plain clothes Jane Sue, lovely rubbed on her that head of fluffy purple hair, said to the live broadcast camera, “I am very grateful to the Foundation for what they strive for me, I also understand that the Foundation is worrying the rights of the under age people, worrying that they couldn’t have the most fully, or even no any mentioned in advance protection… but I just want to say, all the decisions were made by myself, I like it.”
I like it these three words seem to be very simple, but they expressed the attitude of this federal top star. The Children Rights Conservation Foundation still didn’t give up, they claimed that when Jane Sue signed the contract with the Federal TV station, she was not up to fourteen years old yet, with the excuse that there is not the signature of the legal guardian on that agreement, requested the court to judge that this agreement is invalid.
Just right at this time, the already couldn’t stand the trouble federal judge, that already was seventy-nine years old, all gray-haired judge Honda, gave a ruthless stare at the agent lawyer for the Foundation, shook those several thin papers in his hand, “I have Jane Sue this year’s report card in my hand, all of them,” he said, “I also have countless materials in my here, can prove, playing in the TV series, have no effect on her studies.”
“The IQ test result of Jane Sue, I know, but I won’t tell you.” the chief justice of the Federation, like an old child, looked at the cameras in the court and those stupefied lawyers with a smile, “I just want to say, the child such like her, no matter what occupation she will have in the future, she still would make the great contribution for the Federation. But since she chose to fill the spiritual life of the federal people… I this old man will only show her my respect.” 
The lawyer of the Foundation raised his hand and wanted to speak, the chief justice Honda waved his hand disgustedly, “not up to fourteen years old, the legal documents she signed really don’t have the effectiveness. But this legal document, I recognize its effectiveness… because she is Jane Sue.”
The prolonged and affected hugely lawsuit, became the news channel of the Federal TV station, besides the civil war, the best news material. And the final result of this lawsuit, especially the last sentence of the chief justice of the Federation, let Jane Sue have a higher position in the hearts of the federal citizens.
It had a very interesting phenomenon at that time, the highest rating two channels of the whole Federation, were all broadcasting Jane Sue. Only the channel 23 was broadcasting the series she played in. and what the news channel broadcasted,  was that peculiar lawsuit about her. Two channels relied on Jane Sue, kept challenging each other, it was the farce at that time.
But who could define, that lawsuit is not more wonderful than the TV drama?
Today is the announcement campaign for Jane Sue’s new song and her first personal concert, besides the ending soundtrack of that TV drama, Jane Sue never sang any song before.
Today this new song announcement campaign is not in the Capital District, also not in that biggest city, but is in the Coastal university town, this let the officials and the populace of the Coastal state, all feel the incomparably proud. Just take a look at those rare vehicles outside of the gymnasium, they know that today, don’t know how many state senators bring their families to come to watch the show.
Sheilor took out his that ticket from his arms, walked toward the inside of the gymnasium, his facial expression is very calm, but actually he has some strange feeling in his heart.
For the people of the East Forest Region, this federal super star Jane Sue, absolutely is not only the idol that simple.
After the industry decline, rely on the federal welfare to live from hand to mouth East Forest citizens, are used to the listless life, every day they all can see the appearance of Jane Sue. The long time of company, let the people of the East Forest feel that Jane Sue is not the remote and untouchable super star, she is more like their neighbor little sister, accompanies with their dinner time, their coffee time, and their drunk time day after day… the habit is a very powerful force, it conquered the life of the East Forest people by the subtle effect. The habit is a kind of love, perhaps it’s not that sort of man and woman love, but it also is love.
Sheilor loves Jane Sue very much, he once said in the night that he was going to marry her as wife. However, when he is going to see her today, then he just knows, after all, just could see that remote and untouchable figure, he would be so happy.


Chapter 12
I come to listen to her concert

According to the label on the ticket, Sheilor came to a special passageway, the passageway is very quiet, that let him feel somewhat uneasy. The beautiful check-in lady scan the bar code of his that ticket, and then check the first layer identity on his chip, she was somewhat surprised, then welcomed him to go inside immediately.
“This seat is even better than the balcony of the mayor and the senator Hung, don’t know what kind of man he is?”
“He should be a freak, he dresses so poor, who can tell that he is a big shot?”
Sheilor kept cultivating the body strength per severely in these years, his listening is also better than the average people, until he walked away more than ten meters, he still could hear the talking of those ticket checking girls behind, he couldn’t help to float a wry smile on the corners of his mouth. Today the snow and the wind are big, he still wears that washed somewhat old military dust coat, but he had the VIP ticket in his hand, it is really somewhat weird.
Then he immediately thought of that this ticket was given by Charlie Tai, once he thought of that he would be rather baffling to know a successor of a big family incredibly, his mood became more complicated.
Outside of the best single balcony above the gymnasium rostrum, Sheilor was stopped by those wearing black suits agents, he was checked carefully again, to make sure that there is no any problem, then he was let go. Sheilor didn’t have any dissatisfaction in his heart, he knew if he wanted to enter the balcony, to stay together with that guy, surely he would be kept checking. But the only thing that he somewhat didn’t understand is, clearly that exquisite electric shock stick is hid in his boots, why the checking his feet that agent would inadvertently leave it out?
Pushed open that heavy wooden door of the balcony, a delicate flower fragrance blew and come on his face, but it didn’t let people feel sickening. Sheilor felt refreshed, he saw that large pot of Thousand Star flower by the French window, he saw by the side of the people-high flower, standing a slightly pale face and gaunt figure youngster.
Yes, although Sheilor has already known the extraction of Charlie Tai, known the other party is one of those people, who are standing on the top of this with tens of billions of population Federation. But when he met him once again after tens of days, in his heart, Sheilor still subconsciously took the other party as that passed out in his arms, with the cold and calm to conceal his like to the civilian foods… poor guy.
“I’m still thinking whether you will come to here or not.” Charlie Tai turned his body around, had a smile to Sheilor and said, “this ticket is the honorarium I have for you. If you don’t accept it, I will be disappointed.”
“Since you gave it to me, of course I will come here. And I had already said in the communicator before, I like Jane Sue since the childhood.”
Sheilor walked toward his that side, the like the knives eyebrows raised a bit. He knows clearly that this young man in front of him is not the ordinary people, it’s impossible for him to associate with him like the ordinary friend. Because when he is in front of people, the other party will always show those breath naturally. However, he still tried to treat the other party like what he treat the ordinary people, because he thinks that this is the principle how the friends treat each other, if both of them could become the real friends in the future.
Charlie Tai wasn’t surprised to hear that Sheilor answered him like this, because he knows what kind of character Sheilor is. He warped up the corners of his mouth slightly, he quite appreciated the other party could still express so tough in front of him, he said with a smile, “Jane Sue is younger than you, if let her hear that you said this sentence, she is bound to be unable to eat anything sadly.”
Sheilor walked to his side, smelt the fragrance of the Thousand Star flower by the side, looked at that empty stage not far away from the window. Suddenly he thought of one thing, he hesitated to ask, “didn’t you know Jane Sue?”
Although Jane Sue is the most popular star in the Federation, but Charlie Tai with the identity of the heir of the seven big families, wants to get to know the other party, it shouldn’t be a very difficult thing.
Charlie Tai shook his head, “in her debuted these many years, I have been transferring from school to school, how could I know her… but, I have watched several episodes of her TV series, she is quite a lovely little girl.”
For him, there is no worth indulging star in this world. Stand in his position, he would look at all the things with the appreciation eyes, but he would never put all his passion in like what Sheilor did, perhaps this thing itself is a kind of sorrow. 
Sheilor said with a smile, “that will be great, I worried pretty much, from the mouths of you these big shots, hear the tears of blood history about these stars behind the radiant visage… the idol is disillusioned, how big the blow for the people like we this kind, you shouldn’t never expected.”
“You just think too much.” Charlie Tai recognized what the hidden meaning in Sheilor this sentence, he laughed with a Haha, “we these people not the eat people not split the bones crocodile, you don’t have to always think us into the shadow. Of course, I don’t deny that some guys like to take the stars as the brand of their strength… however, I am not included in those people.”
He added a sentence in his heart, and nobody dare to take Jane Sue as his brand flaunt against the world, unless that childe really thinks that he has lived enough.
After arranged all the food and the drinks well, the steward Ken had a ritual to these two people, then he walked out of the luxury balcony. At this time, there are only these two young men left in this balcony, the talking atmosphere appeared a lot more relaxed immediately, it’s more like that they were back to the lounge of the H1 area.
But the conversation didn’t start how long, then it ended abruptly. Because Sheilor’s eyes congealed suddenly, just like the snow outside of the gymnasium was frozen into two icicles, without a blink and motionless, just stared blankly below the French window.
It’s all dark in the gymnasium, only the stage, there is only one person on the stage, a not up to eighteen years old, coming out from the dark, and bathed in the lights purple hair girl.
The music sounded.
This luxury balcony just faces the huge light screen of the gymnasium, and is not far away from the stage, it’s the best position to enjoy the concert. don’t need the telescope, he can see clearly the beautiful and lovely face of that enchanting purple hair girl on the light screen, just only the voice input, then it could let the people in the balcony hear the most vivid voice of Jane Sue.
But Sheilor still stood by the side of the French window in a daze, looked at that far away figure on the stage, watched her to change the clothes, looked at her introducing her new songs slightly jerky, and looked at this should only exist in his imagination her showed up in front of him animatedly.
Knowing you can’t have is out there.
Don’t know how long he had already stood over there, don’t know how many those clear songs and music had already been changed, the position of Sheilor still didn’t have any change.
Charlie Tai had already been impatiently to stand with him long ago, he had already sat back to the comfortable sofa, holding a low-alcohol wine to drink slowly. His eyes took a glimpse time to time at Jane Sue that face on the light screen, or closed his eyes to listen carefully the first try singing of this most popular star of the Federation. But most of the time, his eyes fell on by the window Sheilor’s body as if he was thinking of something.
He thought that he knew very well what kind of people Sheilor is, calm and enthusiasm, sincere and integrity, not lusting after the vanity, having the born disgust to tufthunting, a not bad luck, obtained the favor of professor Ken, this guy has the so far he still couldn’t make clear talent on the mecha aspect, but he is extremely low-key…
But at this moment, when he looked at the back figure of Sheilor, Charlie suddenly found out that he still somewhat couldn’t see through this boy. A facing him still tried hard to keep the dignity and calm young man, when facing a only the boys and girls would be infatuated crazily with female star, why he would forget himself so much? No, this is not forgetting himself, it’s a kind of totally immersed himself inside it, forgetting everything around him state.
Charlie Tai wrinkled his eyebrows slightly, especially when his keen eyes, noticed in the reflection of the French window, in the eyes of Sheilor, it seemed to have some bright spots, it seemed to get wet… he couldn’t control his surprise any more, then he stood up and walked to the window there.
Sheilor quietly looked at below the window on the stage that very familiar, but also incomparably strange purple girl, looked at her releasing her charm like a goddess in the light, felt his whole body all stiff, the held on the French window fingers were somewhat pins and needles, and his heart jumped much quicker.
When that moment Jane Sue appeared on the stage, Sheilor thought of a proverb in the Federation: when the dream becomes the reality, appears in front of people, people always will put this kind of reality as a dream.
When Sheilor saw Jane Sue in the first sight, he felt that on the stage that purple hair girl was not real, she just existed in his dream, he felt all of these at this moment just only a dream. He thought that at this moment the not obedient stiff body, the slightly numb fingers, all were because of this reason. He couldn’t wake up, however…
Along with the going up of the song, Sheilor then woke up to himself, knew that he was in the luxury balcony of the gymnasium in the Capital Planet Circle, not on the outside of the coffee shop on the Bell Tower Street of the East Forest, also not on the top of the abandoned mine.
Along with the proceeding of the song, Sheilor calmed down gradually, but he still looked at Jane Sue on the stage in a daze, both eyes didn’t have a blink. He didn’t know how many songs she had already sung, what kind of songs she had sung, he just listened quietly, watched her quietly, until his eyes got moist up.
A few years ago, under the green tree on the suburb of the West River state Capital, he once was tear all over his face when he looked at Jane Sue on the light screen, said that he would going to marry her as wife. But he knew it clearly, because he stared at the components for a long time in the operating room in the mine at the daytime, at that time, the tears were just caused by the fatigue eye muscles. But at this time, he was really feeling very grieved in his heart, and he had the impulse to want to cry very much.
He finally understood why he always liked Jane Sue that much, even after he fled to the university town of the Coastal state, still didn’t break off the love to that purple hair girl, originally… it’s not that simple just like her.
Outside of coffee shop on the Bell Tower Street, he and Levi Johnny that group of orphans, made some noise to watch her.
On the street, the dressed in the black shabby clothes orphans, made some noise to shout the slogans for watching her.
On the top of the mine, in the gray twilight of the East Forest, he and uncle held the glasses of the red wine, watched her silently.
Jane Sue for him, it’s not just a role only existed on the light screen, a popular in the whole Federation idol, but also it’s his memory, those monotonous but substantial memory in the East Forest.
But now he is the federal fugitive, a completely different person, the days in the East Forest… no longer he could go back there.
At this moment, Sheilor thought of uncle Fengyu, thought not-knowing message Levi and Johnny, thought of the people in the West River state, he was calm and very grieved in his heart.
“What’s happening?” Charlie Tai walked to his side, frowned and asked him.
Sheilor silenced for a moment, had a smile, exerted himself and said seriously, “I just want to tell some people, I come to listen to her concert.”


Chapter 13
The assassination and white stone grains

Just at that moment when he saw Jane Sue, Sheilor that in this one year had been heavy heart opened a door gradually, he thought of all the things in the East Forest Region very naturally, then he understood that he didn’t forget it at all. That is his past, no matter whose identity he is using the chip behind his nape, but he is still Sheilor.
A faint smile emerged on his that ordinary face, he quietly looked at below the window that purple hair girl singing the last song, opened his mouth and said, “I will live well in the future.”
Charlie Tai frowned slightly and took a look at him, “I never found out, you this hypostatic guy, unexpectedly also will have the potential to be a philosopher.” he said, “but just saw the idol of your mind, you actually would relate it to how to live.”
“That’s because you this kind of people, never know what a very difficult thing living is originally.” Sheilor had a smile, that pair of like knives thick eyebrows, began to release the special vitality which basically belongs to the young man.
The cheers in the gymnasium, deadened by the huge French window, that let the crazy atmosphere lowered a lot. The had already been back to the backstage Jane Sue also didn’t have the intention to go back to the stage, in the company of the soothing walk-off song and the soft lighting, the citizens of the Coastal state began to exit reluctantly. 
Sheilor looked at below the window that ground like the receded tide, calm and silent. Although he didn’t really see Jane Sue, didn’t contact the other party in the close distance, but he had been very satisfied.
He took a deep breath subconsciously, seemed to want to put today’s memory in his mind firmly, and then he would tell uncle and Levi about this in the dream. But the light flower fragrance came to his nose, it’s that pot of people high Thousand Star, accompanied him this young man supplely.
In the flower pot has a layer of white stone grains covered on the soil.
And just at this time, the door of the luxury balcony was pushed open. Charlie Tai put the wine glass by the side of the window, was going to put on the coat to leave, a faint doubt emerged on his forehead, because he found out the pushed the door open and came in steward Ken had some terrible-looking on his face. This come after his family for many years loyal subordinate, always will be calm and composed, seldom had this kind of emotional expression… what’s happening?
“The staffs of the FBI Coastal field service who station in the Radio Management Committee, in the nearby the gymnasium, found the abnormal current band.” the steward Ken looked at Charlie Tai and said in a soft voice.
Sheilor also turned his body around at this time, but he couldn’t understand what happened after all. The Radio Management Committee will supervise the television broadcast, but what’s the relation the abnormal current band with him these people?
The steward Ken continued to say with a very fast speed, “it should be the mixed current sent out by the warm start of some kind of large equipment, but the other party used it to hide in the satellite signal band, it’s extremely not easy to be found.”
At this time, the door of the luxury balcony was pushed open once again, that group from the Secret Service in black suits agents came in succession with the vigilant face. That leading agent team leader said in a heavy tone, “a report came from the Secret Service side, today’s Coastal state, should have some problems.” after he finished this sentence, this about forty years old agent team leader moved his head to one side, listened carefully the voice from the headset, and then he raise his head, said very directly, “we must evacuate immediately.”
A stream of tense atmosphere diffused throughout the whole luxury balcony, the agents of the Secret Service began to contact with the colleagues outside of the gymnasium, began to get under way the filing processing. And their hands had also put on the holster by the waist, those two agents stuck out their heads to the outside of the door, glanced at all around warily.
Sheilor had the shock in his heart, he had never expected, just finished watching the Jane Sue concert, incredibly he would be involved into such an event immediately. But then, his eyebrows had a move slightly, because he noticed a strange phenomenon in the room, his that hang down by the body side right hand stretched down slowly, reached the rim of that pot of flower.
Heard the words of that Secret Service team leader, Charlie Tai didn’t move a bit, he put his coat on his left arm, looked at steward Ken quietly. 
Last night, the steward Ken had already warned him, recently some forces seemed to begin discontented with their lot. But he thought that it’s in the government by law federal society after all, how dare those families would have the assassination in the broad daylight. And the safety precautions by his side had always been done pretty well, also not many people knew that he would come to watch the concert today, so he still come to here according to the established schedule.
“Probably… that section monitored current hum of the warm start… may be the military mecha.” the steward Ken took a look at Charlie Tai with the anxiety on his face.
This judgment immediately increased the tense atmosphere in the luxury balcony. The federal mecha is strictly controlled in the military range, if somebody wanted to do some harm to Charlie Tai, even actually use the military mecha, that only explained that the influence of the other party is unfathomable. The more important thing is, this is the extremely rare violent means in the federal strange political history, it explained that the other party had already been out of his mind.
Sheilor stood behind Charlie Tai silently, after he heard this news, a heavy pressure pressed on his mind. He looked at Charlie Tai quietly, didn’t know what on earth his this friend did, unexpectedly would let some people… come to kill him at all costs in this way.
Fortunately the protection measure of the Tai family is really airtight, and also in the cooperation of the federal government departments, incredibly monitored the abnormal change in advance. The Capital aspect also gave the clear warning information, at this time, the people in the balcony had the reaction in advance, they should still have the time to leave.
At the door of the balcony those two agents held the gun with both hands, lowered the body slightly, walked out of the heavy door serenely, began to confirm the safety of the corridor. And inside the balcony several dressed in black suits Secret Service agents, also took out the standard gun from the holster, the thumb of the right hand began to push safe.
And just right at this time, more than ten incomparable shrills sounded up, more than ten white stone grains all hit on the face of an agent, bloomed open fluffily, hit his face all the blood, the blood scattered everywhere!
With a stuffy hum, the gun in that agent’s hand also opened fire, shot at Charlie Tai! Pa Pa Pa Pa, a burst of rapid and crisp gunfire, sounded up in the luxury balcony, the after processed gunshot of the agent is crisp but not loud, it’s more like the frying beans sound. After the Pa Pa Pa Pa sounds, the balcony became quiet again, only the low and deep gunshot still had the subtle echo in the room. 
The light gun fire taste diffused in meanwhile.
The dead body of that agent lay on the ground in the blood, he at least was shot four times, and his face even was hit flesh fuzzy by those stone grains, one of his eyes was burst directly.
The forty something agent team leader pressed down his muzzle, took a look around the room, confirmed that the last shot of that agent fired, just scraped by Charlie Tai’s body and shot into the wall, only one of his team member was hit on the thigh by the stray bullet, it’s not a fatal wound, then he relieved a little bit.
Suddenly was encountered the attack of the agent provocateur, the reaction of the Secret Service agents couldn’t be said not quick enough, they shot and killed that man in the shortest possible time. But that agent team leader looked at in the blood that dead body, somewhat could believe his eyes, “Ballmer, why do you… do this?” he said in a low voice.
The agent could be selected into the Secret Service, of course would be investigated for countless times, to confirm that he would be absolutely loyal to the Federation and the laws, the he would have the qualification to be the personal protection. 
Why this named Ballmer agent would open fire at Charlie Tai, when he was bribed to become an assassinator, it had already become a mystery.
Even if he were still alive, he still couldn’t answer this question. In the splendor of the First Charter, assassinated the heir of the Tai family, his ending was already doomed. Thus the agent team leader also couldn’t understand, why his team member would become a criminal.
“We have to evacuate right away.” the agent team leader through the call device, noticed his team members about the incident happened in the balcony, at the same time, he changed the evacuation plan. He looked at Charlie Tai, said in a heavy tone, “since we have already had the agent provocateur, the evacuation route is no longer a secret.”
The agent team leader reported to the official of the Secret Service about the news of Ballmer mutiny in the fastest speed, and then raised his head, took a look deeply at that young man by the window. He should appreciate the other party at first, didn’t let Charlie Tai die, didn’t let his this group of agents become the sinners of the Federation. But his mood was very complicated and weird, because this young man incredibly found out the problem of Ballmer than they these professionals, and only with the stone grains, interfered Ballmer to shoot…
By the French window, Sheilor’s chest kept ups and downs, he still stayed in the tension and the fear after the event, some white stone grains scattered by his feet. He was thinking if his reaction was even slower for a moment earlier, it’s afraid of only one thing that Charlie Tai had already become a dead man at this time.
After that named Ballmer agent came into the balcony, then Sheilor noticed his anomaly. Because that agent searched him outside of the balcony at the most beginning was this man, this agent incredibly didn’t search out the electric shock stick which he hid in the boot, either the professional quality of the other party is poor on top of the world, or the other party had the very important thing in his mind at that time and missed this part.
The Secret Service agents are specialized to be responsible for the protection of the President and some political leaders, how could the professional quality be poor to this point? But the thing really let Sheilor begin to alert, is the reaction after this agent entered the balcony, when steward Ken told the news, probably a military mecha had the warm start in the range around the gymnasium, although this agent kept the clam same as the other agents, but he seemed too calm, he was so calm that even there was no any doubt and shock in his eyes…
Uncle Fengyu once gasped in admiration, Sheilor has the talent to know the will of the people. In the perennial machine maintenance career, he has a pair of keen and good at observation eyes, he could notice all the subtle changes around him in the shortest possible time.
So when he found out the agents took out the guns, and began to push the safe, his eye pupils began to narrow nervously and alertly. And when he noticed that named Ballmer agent, his thumb pushed the safe, but the muzzle began to shift very inconspicuously, and pointed at Charlie Tai quietly, he had the move. Even if it’s just the misunderstanding, he also must had the move.
His hung down by the rim of the flower pot right hand grabbed a handful of small white stone grains, that stream of scorching hot behind his waist in his body surged up, transferred into the strong trembling power, from under his skin to his palm, he threw the stone grains out suddenly.
With the mysterious power in his body, the white stone grains unexpectedly became swift and fierce like the bullets at that moment, thus on the ground of the balcony left a eye burst and face badly mutilated dead body. 


Chapter 14
Retreat from the gymnasium

“Have you seen, in fact it’s not so easy for me to live.” Charlie Tai didn’t look at that dead body on the ground, the not able to speak people doesn’t have anything to be paid attention more. He said to Sheilor with a smile, this sentence obviously aimed at earlier, Sheilor said that he this kind of people didn’t know, it’s a very difficult thing to live originally.
Sheilor moved his head to one side, didn’t say anything, in fact, he still didn’t completely get over from earlier that shock. Although he was the first one to find out the anomaly of that agent, but the gunfight took place in front of him, the originally very open luxury balcony, immediately appear very narrow. Thos like fried beans gunshots were ended too quick, it’s so quick that he couldn’t have time to be afraid of the stray bullets. 
Charlie Tai didn’t say what thank you for saving my life again that kind of rubbish, the favor of saving life always is impossible to repay with his own life, they both just needed to keep it in their minds.
“We should go now.” the middle-aged agent team leader saw that the childe of the Tai family still seemed like nothing to talk with Sheilor, he couldn’t help to frown and urged one more time.
At this time, the had been talking in the mobile phone steward Ken walked to come over, he said calmly, “I have already called the director of the Secret Service, you just stay in this room temporarily, don’t go out.”
The agent team leader was in a daze slightly, then he immediately understood what the meaning in the words of this elderly steward. There is a turncoat in his team, the Tai family couldn’t believe them these people any more. At least in this situation at the present, they just could choose not to believe. He silenced for a moment, estimated that this is the only thing which he can do, so he nodded his head.
The steward Ken said the side of Charlie Tai’s face, “the staffs of the security group have already entered gymnasium this area, they are having the gunfight with the other party. Three minutes later, they should clean up the other party.”
From the beginning of that phone, the security work for Charlie Tai was transferred from the agents of the Secret Service, to the security team of the Tai family themselves. 
Since the other party could permeate even the Secret Service, and possibly used the mecha, then retreat on the route from the gymnasium, it must was full of the responsible for snipe killers. 
At this time, the security team members of the Tai family had already begun to exchange fire with these people. Since steward Ken said the three minutes time, certainly he had the enough confidence to his those subordinates.
Charlie listened quietly, suddenly he opened his mouth and asked, “three minutes later, can you find the location of that military mecha?”
“Can’t.” the corner of steward Ken’s eyes looked at that the agents of the Secret Service, they began to walk to the room by the side of the balcony, answered in a soft voice, “just because we can’t, so we must fight the clock to leave.”
Charlie Tai silenced for a moment, then he shook his head, looked at the after crowd receded gymnasium below through the French window, said in the soft voice, “more than thirty thousand audiences, it would take at least more than ten minutes even for the emergency evacuation. If I go out three minutes later… if that military mecha chose to launch the attack at that moment, how many people would die at that time? I don’t want to let the innocent citizens become the shield for me.”
Sheilor floated a sincere and appreciative smile on his face after he heard these words.
Charlie Tai took a look at him and had a smile, sat back to the sofa calmly, and said to the steward Ken in a soft voice, “the other party must will count your reaction time in. if we go out at this time, maybe what the other party waiting is just for this time point. Under this kind of circumstance, why don’t we just wait for a moment? After all, they should be more impatient than we are.”
The steward Ken silenced for a long time, then he turned around and left. The phone in his hand was connected once again, he kept issuing the commands in the low and deep voice, seeking the support of the family. At this moment, his phone represented the will of the Tai family, every instruction must be implemented effectively; each information passed to the outside, would cause a hard to quell shock inside of the Federation.
“You let me feel unexpectedly very much.” Sheilor sat on the other side of the sofa, holding a glass of wine and quaffed, to suppress the anxiety and tension in his heart with this way. Besides uncle was hunted down by the federal troops that time, his this life had never experienced such a huge scene.
“No need to praise. I know that I am a privileged class people having the moral sense very much.” Charlie Tai drank a mouthful of the wine, said with a self-mockery smile, “in fact, you surprised me more. Let alone the reaction you had earlier… at least you still have the courage to stay over here to drink with me at this time. It’s really a very amazing thing.”
“I don’t know whether I would be shot as a hornet nest or not once I walk out of this room. In this situation, it may not as good as to stay over here to accompany with you. I think that it should be safer to stay over here.” Sheilor had a smile very honestly and said, “actually I am very nervous right now.”
At this time, the security team members of the Tai family had already taken over the work of the agents, the top floor of the gymnasium had already been confirmed safe, but the tuk tuk tuk tuk light sounds still came from the outside of the balcony time to time. Those slowly leaving the gymnasium crowd, surely wouldn’t notice these sounds, but in the balcony those two young men all knew it clearly, that’s the special guns shooting on and on.
The time had already passed two minutes, the security team of the Tai family was cleaning up the retreat route gradually, however, nobody felt at ease. 
According to the report of those team members, the people of the other party seemed to be all the trained professional soldiers, and to associate it with that had already had the warm start for more than ten minutes, but still couldn’t be checked out the location military mecha, all the people had the nervous mood.
Sheilor also was so, although he had experienced something, also once witnessed the soul-stirring mecha battle in the valley on the suburb of the West River state capital, and even several times was aimed at the temple by people with the dark barrel, but he was still nervous at this time. After all, he was still an ordinary young man not up to twenty years old, living the common days from a child. This kind of invisible danger, just like some kind of chemical mist, let the air in the balcony appear heavy, let his breath somewhat not that smooth.
“I am very sorry, drag you into this event.” Charlie Tai looked at Sheilor quietly, a flicker of profound meaning flashed across in the smile on the corners of his mouth, he said with the smile, “your face seems to be a bit whiter than mine at this time.”
“That’s caused by the hunger.” Sheilor didn’t tell the lie, earlier used that stream mysterious power in his body, his stomach suddenly felt hungry, he ate a few small snacks in succession, drank down a few glasses of wine, but it still didn’t have too much blush on his face. 
But he didn’t know, he ate and drank casually on the sofa, in the eyes of Charlie Tai and the steward Ken, that became the expression which he had the clear and bright state of mind and defied the foreign object.
“It looks like that you this kind of big shot really also have the dangerous life.” Sheilor shook his head and said, “but… aren’t you really not afraid at all?”
Charlie Tai silenced for a long time, then he had the smile to raise his that kept putting on the arm of the sofa left hand, that thin as the girl’s hand was shivering in the air, “of course I am afraid, because I am still very young, my this life is doomed to do many great things, I am still reluctant to die, thus I am scared to die. But I just don’t want others to find out that I am afraid.”  
He paused for a moment, continued to say with the smile, “in fact, there are not too many this kind of things happened in my life. For me, to be assassinated also is a very strange encounter.”
“Never had once before?” Sheilor asked curiously, he seemed to want to weaken the tension in his mind with the talking.
“When I was a child, I hid my identity, studied in a elementary school in the Capital, at that time I was in the same class with Youzhi.” the eyes of Charlie Tai became empty suddenly, he recalled, “later one day of the sixth grade in the elementary school, I was about to get on the car, suddenly a heavy truck blunt come over from the other end of the street. That truck blunt come over all the way, I thought that I was going to die at first, but didn’t think of that the tire of that truck burst suddenly at last, the truck turned the direction forcibly ten meters in front of me, hit breaking a tree.”
“Not the traffic accident?”
“Later on the police station set the character of the accident, it’s a hit and run… that truck crashed four cars on the street, including our school bus, only from the scene to see, it’s really like a car accident.” the eyes Charlie Tai became gloomy suddenly, “a total of seventeen people died, there were two students in my class died.”
“That truck turned the direction at the last minute, that’s because it’s hit blow the tire by the security personnel of my family, who was hidden on the other side of school with the anti-equipment gun…” 
“I only experienced the danger once in my this life.” the expression of Charlie Tai calmed down, he continued to say, “our family has no more than me in seven generations, so we always have paid attention to these aspects. Today it’s the second time… my luck was not bad for the first time, I hope that my luck also would be not bad for today.”
Sheilor looked at Charlie Tai that seemed slightly pale gaunt cheeks, he suddenly felt the sympathy to the other party in his heart, felt that his this kind of life, also was not much better than his this orphan fugitive life. Thought of that night in the H1 area, this in front of him younger than him guy, the helpless look when he fainted in his arms, he had the impulse to protect the other party emerged in his heart. 
“Stop worrying, today you would be all right.” Sheilor said very seriously.
“The access is unobstructed, no dense crowd, can pass now.”
In the calling device, someone reported with the rapid and composed tone. Put on the body armor and wore the helmet Charlie Tai and Sheilor two people, in the guard of the more than ten armed to the teeth security members, walked out of the luxury balcony, and walked to the outside of the gymnasium.
Two dead body lay in the VIP special elevator, the elevator door closed and opened, had the never ceased repeat.
The empty walk stairs had a burst of rapid footsteps sounded up, Sheilor followed behind Charlie Tai, through the glass mask, he saw bullet holes on the wall and the blood on the corners. He heard his quick breath by the ears, walked down the stairs following behind everybody. He thought in his heart, don’t know how many security members of the Tai family died in her today.
This area of the gymnasium had already been cleaned empty by the security personnel, secured the safety, those not died by luck in the gunfight service personals were gathered in a room. When they walked pass by there, Sheilor couldn’t help to take a look at the inside, saw the panic expression on the faces of those girls, he couldn’t help to feel frustrated slightly in his heart.
The stairs lead to the underground parking lot, this group of people opened that door, then they saw a black car without any sign. The back door of the black car had already been opened, the steward Ken was sitting on the driver’s position.


Chapter 15
The mecha bursts out from the wall!

Saw this without any sign black car, the dressed in dark combat uniforms security personnel blunt go out in the shortest possible time, spread out around the car. 
Although these apparent from the military bodyguards still kept the vigilant look on their faces, but the anxiety in their eyes was much lesser. Sheilor noticed the in front of him Charlie Tai, the had been tight back muscle, at this moment, also relaxed down.
The danger was still not relieved, and the people on the scene either were the well-trained professionals, or were the Charlie Tai this kind of not accord with age calm people, the reason could explain why they became relaxed suddenly, only could be that black car. Sheilor judged, the companions seemed to have the infinite confidence to this black car.
But even if this black car is special made, could be bulletproof, but could it be said that it still resist the attack of a military mecha? Sheilor had the puzzle flashed in his mind, at the same time, his eyes looked across the black car that reflecting the parking lot light top, fell on that cement wall which is just facing the door. 
In the luxury balcony, he could find out that agent provocateur than the Secret Service agents, first it was because he is the outsider, second it was because he has the extremely sharp eyesight and hearing, third it was the experiences in this one year. Since he fled out from the East Forest planet, he had been carefully observing and watching everything around all the time, always worried that one day the police or the special troops of the Federation, would come to deal with him. So when he couldn’t feel the absolute safety, he would watch all the people and all the uncanny places with the doubtful eyes.
Gradually, this seemed to become one of his intuition or instinct. His eyes fell on that cement wall, found out that the cement wall was somewhat moist, and at the same time he heard the sound “Zee”, he had his heart trembled once.
The time of watching and thinking, didn’t take very long, at this moment, Charlie Tai was under the protection of one bodyguard, climbing into the backseat of the black car with the fastest speed.
Sheilor’s eye pupils had a shrink suddenly, the force broke out with his will, that stream of scorching hot broke out from his waist once again, let his feet pedal on the cement with a rush, just like a tiger, brought Charlie Tai down to the ground, and shouted loudly, “be careful!”
His reaction was still a moment slower.
That facing the door and slightly moist cement wall, suddenly stuck out a black metal tip, rotating with the humming sound. In the very short time, pricked through that cement wall very easily, just like a knife broke a piece of paper.
The cement wall could bear the huge force brought by the metal drill, fell apart in the twinkling of an eye, scattered into numerous concrete blocks, flying to all the directions of the underground parking lot.
The huge smoke was blowing, an about five meters high black mecha could be seen indistinctly, it walked out from behind that ruptured cement wall, this scene was so soul-stirring. It looked like a deicide coming from the nether world, the floating the metallic luster mecha body flickering in the just rising up dust, it looked like that it was going to reap all the lives of the people on the scene.
The high-speed drill on the black mecha left mechanical arm was still rotating, but the Gatling-system rotating barrel on the right mechanical arm, began to gush out the bullets to the by the door black car and the security personnel of the Tai family around it! 
The Gatling rotating barrel ejected out six blue color flames, countless metal bullets started dancing in the space!
Sheilor only had time to brought Charlie Tai to the ground, only had time to shout once loudly, then the firepower blare of the black mecha was full of the whole underground space, the body of that had been by the Charlie Tai side security personnel, broken down and torn apart by those high speed flying bullets, became a fluffy flesh and blood covering on the side of the black car!
The shooting sound of the black mecha was very strange and very depressing, just like countless balloons were exploding, Puff Puff Puff Puff, not how soul-biting horrible. But those dancing in the underground parking lot bullets were extremely dangerous. The military mecha that breathtaking ammunition catharsis speed, let those bullets cover the whole area like the rain, the huge whistles, the bullets hitting the objects sounds, all soul-frightening…
The right mechanical arm of the black mecha gushed out the endless gun fire, split the air, and made the harsh sharp whistles. The brought with the great kinetic energy and lethal bullets, shredding the cement wall of the underground parking lot in a moment. The countless sharp cement pieces fell off, flight swiftly, with the irregular lines, spattered all around in the space.
The killing machine combined with the federal technology and the military use, fully showed its endless power in this moment. No matter how well-trained soldier, in front of this walked out from the dust black mecha, would only feel the tiny of himself, and had the infinite feeling of despair.
And those elite security personnel of Tai family, even didn’t have time to have the feeling despair, then in the first second after that black mecha broke the cement wall, by the black mecha gushed out gunfire, were all shot into numerous body debris and ground meat!
The security personnel of the Tai family had already had the comprehensive control to the underground parking lot earlier, they also had known, in the surrounding area of the gymnasium, there may be a completed the warm start mecha, but nobody thought of that, this military system mecha, would incredibly had been hiding under the gymnasium, just waiting behind that slightly wet cement wall.
That cement wall obviously should be just newly repaired, even it’s possible that the other party knew the whereabouts of Charlie Tai, finished it overnight in last evening. If giving the Tai family more reaction time, more sufficient preparation time, perhaps they wouldn’t have this kind of leak. If giving the fast reaction department of the Federation some more time, perhaps they had already checked out where that mecha was hiding at this time.
However, there are no ifs in this world.
A came out from the control of the military mecha, itself is already an unimaginable thing, who could totally understand therein the many inside stories? And the planning g for the reaction aimed at Charlie Tai the force of that party, incredibly could in such a short time, worked out a set of plan which is so meticulous, and even have the ability, before the concert of Jane Sue, secretly transferred a five meters high mecha to the Coastal state, and shipped it to the underground parking lot of the gymnasium…
All the variety of traces indicated, the drew up and carried out this assassination plan characters, are not just only out of their minds like what Charlie Tai said, but also have a kind of whimsicality like the genius or the idiot.
The appearance of this black military system mecha, hit the soft rib of all the countermeasures of the Tai family without doubt, the most of all the key, it’s the timing and the place it appeared. 
Only in one second, that black mecha cleared away all the enemies, the strong power, really let people despaired.
Only the living people could feel the despair, such as the fell down in the blood of those security personnel Sheilor. 
But Charlie Tai seemed to don’t have the despair, his that pale cheeks had the cold sweat coming out, his eyes stared at the car door of the black car which was not far away in front from him. He seemed to confirm, once he could get into that black car, even the other party is a military mecha, he also could survive.
In the first second of the mecha attack, this black car also did show the marvelous anti-strike ability, didn’t know the body and the tires of this car were made of what kind of special materials, in the madness shooting of the Gatling rotating barrel of the black mecha, the car body appeared countless floating the metallic luster deep holes, some edge areas even were shot through, dejectedly and feebly ripped off, but… the body of the black car, didn’t have any irreversible damage, although those looked very miserable huge bullet holes still were floating the poor metal light, but not a bullet hole could penetrate inside the car body!
The should be quiet underground parking lot, the “Zee Zee” current noise sounded up, the alloy caterpillar band grinded over the cement ground, that made some strange smashing noise, the atmosphere was especially cold and stern.
In the noise, in the dust, in the blood mist in the air, that black mecha came toward the black car, the Gatling rotating barrel on its right mechanical arm, was still gushing out the fire crazily, didn’t stop even for a moment.
The black car was kept shooting by the bullets, sprang up from the ground miserably, and then fell down heavily again, the tires slid on the cement ground surface, the gunfire spitted out by the black mecha, just like a invisible hand, pushed it to move to the direction of the door.
In front of the huge firepower, the without any sign black car was like a small boat in the storm, could be overturned by those flashing gorgeous glossy gunfire surge at any time, and then be torn into numerous fragments, sunk in the sea bottom, and never could float to get up.
And under the only obscured angle of the black car, in the blood Sheilor and Charlie Tai, also in those scattered metal fragments and concrete pieces, couldn’t raise their heads up at all, not even could retreat to the inside of the gymnasium, only could be waiting to be torn into flesh and blood by those metal bullets.
Sheilor lay in the blood, his mouth kept saying something constantly, through the bottom of the black car, saw the mecha that had already got into marching mode in advance caterpillar band, and he nervously and angrily found out the model of this tough mecha. 
The endless fear let Sheilor’s face get abnormally pale, but also let his brain abnormal awake at this time. The secretion of the epinephrine let this young man, in the hopeless situation, finally demonstrate his that tougher than anyone nerve. At this moment, he was a stone, a piece of East Forest stone.
The stone in the attack of the black mecha, also would be broken like a bean curd, but before the moment it is really broken, the stone always could keep the terrible calm. Just like Sheilor at this moment, he was narrowing his eyes, having the chill all over his body, recalling all the drawings of the M series mecha in his mind, recalling the shooting speed of the Gatling rotating barrel, recalling the capacity of the chain-magazine, and calculating the time…
At the fourth second after the black mecha appeared, there were only Sheilor and Charlie Tai two people alive in the underground parking lot, in the black car that steward Ken, in this level of impact force, whether he was shocked to death lively or not, Sheilor didn’t know, he just knew that he just had time to calculate two seconds.
Just at this moment, his that had been shocked to somewhat humming eardrums, caught a sound, that was an imperceptible voice, it’s just like the friction one paper having with another paper. The scientists of the Federation, always couldn’t find the way to solve the point two seconds pause when the chain magazine was reloaded… which was caused by the inherent structure of the M series. 
Although Sheilor is the genius on the mechanical aspect, but he also don’t have the ability to solve this problem, but he knows about this problem, he knew that he just had point two seconds, and he had been preparing for this point two seconds.
So at the same time when he heard that imperceptible sound, he didn’t even think about it, drew a blank in his brain, the kept pedaling on the ground like the tree roots ten toes suddenly broke out the strong power, the right hand held the neck of Charlie Tai, just like a runaway buffalo, fiercely and defying the death, dashed over to the car door of the black car.


Chapter 16
This ought to be kicked damn mecha

The point two seconds pause, if the human beings couldn’t be concentrated, then it’s impossible to be found out. Even people could find out this pause, he also couldn’t made the reaction to it. Unless the nerve reaction speed and the ability of the body achieving this speed… are out of the ordinary. As it happens, Sheilor is exactly one of this kind of out of the ordinary people, in his body the dual fibers of the muscle tangled up in a flash, and then stretched, broke out the horrible power, changed this kind of power into the speed, sprang up slightly from the ground like a gray shadow, caught the nape of Charlie Tai, and threw him into the black car…
The peculiarly depressing sound of the Gatling rotating barrel went off once again, the intensive bullet stream struck on the black car that worm-eaten body heavily, shocked the black car off from the ground once again.
Sheilor’s good luck also came the end at this moment.
Charlie Tai had already thrown into the backseat by him, and his following to go in the car body, because the car sprang up suddenly, hit on the below of the heavy car door heavily, and couldn’t get in!
With a stuffy sound, Sheilor painfully had a bump with the metal, and fell down on the ground. 
Just at the same time when his body fell down on the ground, the black car which shocked up by the firepower of the mecha also had the four wheels fell hard on the ground.
Just at that moment before the black car fell on the ground, the wheels were still in the air, they had already begun to turn rapidly. The previously always didn’t know life and death, sitting on the driver seat steward Ken, didn’t know since when had the reaction, at this lightning speed moment, made the fleeing preparation. 
“Chee, Chee”, the friction of the tires and the ground made some sharp sounds, some smoke rose up, and even had some sparkles. With “Soo” the swift sound, the black car just fell on the ground, then it held the ground with this kind of determined attitude, rushed to the forward with a rush. Just in a moment, then it became a smoke leaving the underground parking lot. The speed was so fast, and it’s really stunning.  
A few bloods just burst out from Sheilor’s face, and still hardly shed down. He stared dumbfounded to look at the black which was carrying Charlie Tai on it running away with a rush, and he was left in the parking lot which was full of the flesh and the breath of the gunfire. 
And at this time, without the black car as the cover, he stood in front of that huge and powerful military black mecha, he seemed to be so lonely and so weak.
After he threw Charlie Tai into the car, Sheilor then found out that he was still left at the outside of the car, he was not like what those righteous leading role in the movie did, shout loudly to that on the drive seat steward Ken: Drive! Leave me alone! 
That’s because he had no time to shout, and he also didn’t want to be left behind. Although he knew it clearly, the black car must seized this opportunity to flee away, and this was surely not the meaning of Charlie Tai, it’s the most logical choice of that steward Ken. If he really could have the reaction at the previous that moment, perhaps he would also let Charlie flee away first and just left him alone… but he still felt incomparably annoyed at this moment.
All the other people either died, or fled away, just left him alone to deal with that black mecha? Sheilor half squat on the full of blood cement ground, he had the eye pupils narrowed a bit nervously, and stared that was turning the body black mecha not far away in front of him.
The sending out the metallic black gloss military mecha, ignored this unarmed young man by its side. Its target was that speeding up and trying to escaping from the underground parking black car, because it knew that the heir of the Tai family was in that car at this time. And in its eyes, no matter what kind of well-trained people, wouldn’t have any threat to its intrepid body at this moment, moreover, that man didn’t have any heavy weapons in his hand.
So the black mecha turned its body silently, in a series of current noise, the lower body of the mecha began to change to the complete marching mode, and the right mechanical arm of the mecha had already stretched out a similar like the metal gun barrel component, and was aiming at that had already left fifty meters black car, which had almost got close to the upstream access of the underground parking lot. 
Sheilor had the pain all over his body, he incredibly looked at the action of the black mecha in front of him, just instantaneously he recognized the component which stretched out from the right mechanical arm of the mecha… it’s the main gun!
Charlie Tai got into the car like a drowned mouse, and then he was shocked to bounce up by the severe vibration. Then he saw the steward Ken on the driver seat in front, didn’t know since when he raised his head, looked at the front silently, and the flames of the war scene was left to behind in the twinkling of an eye.  
His face was pale, and he noticed that Sheilor was not in the car immediately. He turned his head around abruptly, through that already was full of countless cracks but still was not broken back glass, he looked at the behind. Then his expression became very complicated, because he saw a picture which he couldn’t accept. 
On the distant underground parking lot, that huge black mecha was turning its body in the current sound, and his friend Sheilor was half-kneeling in the blood by the mechanical legs of that mecha. He looked like an ant, which could be trampled to death at any time.
On Charlie Tai that delicate and pretty face, the pain disappeared right after it appeared. In his that always absolutely quiet eyes, even had the endless anger and sadness shown up. He knew, whether any random movement of that military mecha, or those had been hiding behind the cement ground mecha formation soldiers, all could kill Sheilor easily.
His sipped those thin lips tightly, both hands grabbed on the backseat sofa of the car tightly, the finger tips had already sunk into it deeply, but he still didn’t say a word. 
Sheilor once again saved his life, but he just could watched his benefactor to die helplessly. Because he knew that even he could stop the car and turned it back to there, he still couldn’t save the life of the other party. And at this crisis situation moment, the steward Ken definitely wouldn’t listen to his order.
The mood of Charlie Tai was very complicated.
“Mecha main gun launch, defense possibility, forty percent.” the vehicle-mounted central control computer chirping urgently, began to issue the severe alarm sound, the seat belt popped up automatically, tied the body of the people in the car on their seats tightly.
Charlie Tai narrowed his eyes like what Sheilor always did, through the arachnoid glass, looked at that black mecha raising its main gun on the right mechanical arm on distance, looked at that seemed very small Sheilor by the side of that black mecha, and as if he didn’t hear this warning sound at all.
Sheilor was half kneeling in the blood, looking at the huge mecha not far away in front of him, which was slowly and terribly aiming at the distant fleeing black car. He kept learning the mechanical knowledge from the early youth, after he absorbed the information in the Pear Garden University for one year, he could judge very easily, this output power was the maximum main gun, would after point three seconds, hit that fleeing black car.
In the previous firepower attack, this black car had already shown its absolute intrepid defense ability. But Sheilor didn’t think, that black car still could survive in the attack of this mecha main gun. Even the loading type armor of the Empire, in the shoot at point blank range of this kind of main gun, also would have the blowing in the middle ending.
The black mecha sent out the “Zee Zee” current sound, the strong firepower attack preparation let this huge and heavy mecha body begin to tremble slightly.
The half kneeling by the side of the mecha Sheilor, his face was pale, and his body also began to tremble violently.
His eyes were coldly staring at this mecha in front of him tightly, he stared at that alloy hydraulic tube revealing in front of him in the attack mode. 
Although that black car left him behind almost callously, but besides the annoy in his mind, Sheilor still didn’t have time to have too many negative emotions. Just like what he always emphasized Shielding, he is guy only know how to get to work and don’t know how to move mouth, he is a very straightforward people.
The reason why Sheilor was in this kind of hard to survive hopeless situation, that’s because he wanted to save Charlie Tai. And at this time, the black mecha was going to kill Charlie Tai at the drop of a hat. If he was going to die for saving Charlie Tai, but Charlie Tai still died at the end… this is a thing which make people very voluntarily and very angrily.
It’s somewhat incoherent, but it just had the flash in Sheilor’s mind, not reconciled to it, not to his cost-effective. A share of obdurate malicious strength occupied his whole body quickly, and those residual bodies in the blood around him, the innocent dead people he saw in the gymnasium earlier, also stimulated his that hidden for a long time courage and uprightness.
How to prevent the launch of the mecha main gun? Sheilor also didn’t have any idea. Although he is not an ordinary people, but he also is not an supernatural being, so he just stared tightly at that hydraulic tube behind the mecha right mechanical leg.
And then a familiar picture emerged in his mind, which was in a green valley, a black mecha behind a big tree, that having the familiar face uncle, ran to behind the big tree like a cannon shell, hit broken that hydraulic pipe just in one fist, the oil shot out like the waterfall, and then the mecha lost its balance and fell down on the ground.
Sheilor only got in touch with the mecha drawing before the M32 series, he didn’t know what design defect on which aspect for the present most advanced mecha of the military. But uncle Fengyu that extremely fierce figure when he was fighting with the mecha in those years, still had given him the most profound lesson.
The locking the black car running track military mecha, chillily ignored the like the ant Sheilor, but how could it think of, the ant had already stretched out its small pincer, and was trying to have a bite at full tilt.
The mecha had the posture in front of him too handsome, just exposed that hydraulic pipe in front of Sheilor, the closest to Sheilor that place, whether the angle or the position are all appropriate-- just like a bitch sticking up her ass, said to the people, come to kick it, come to kick it…
Sheilor had been blinded the mind by the malicious strength and the courage and uprightness, at this moment, he was touched, he felt his heart was tickled, and he felt that he didn’t have a place not itch on his body, so he was trembling, the face was pale, the eyes were so bright to the extreme, then he ran out like a madman, to the hydraulic pipe on the right mechanical leg of that black mecha, treaded on… ruthlessly!


Chapter 17
Even the windmill would also shiver

He’s an orphan whose parents were both dead and the young sister also died young, he’s a sincere and kind-hearted young man, he likes to help his neighbors, and helped the old ladies across the street. He’s the genius on the mechanical aspect, he’s the auditor who created many records of the Pear Garden University. He’s a small potato who is pure-hearted to other people and honest to himself, he’s… a having the ability, having the morality and having the responsibility three-having young man.
But he was also a grown up in the darkness of the mine and the underpass young man, a federal fugitive who has the magical power in the body. Sometimes he even forgot, many years ago, he had already been a dare to kill people silent youngster.
In that deep and full of cries night, the ten years old Sheilor, with an abandoned mecha elbow hydraulic pipe which he picked up from the garbage dump, killed a underworld gangster of the West River state.
In the full of blood smell and depressive mood underground parking lot, the less than twenty years old Sheilor sprang up from the ground like a leopard, rushed to below that military mecha like a black smoke, without thinking, with the tremble of the whole body, treaded on that conspicuous but lack of kicking hydraulic pipe with his right foot mercilessly.
In his this life, hydraulic pipe this kind of thing perhaps really had the destiny with him. Every time it could witness him the most fear, the most malicious and the most desperate that kind of moment. 
No matter how the federal scientists could play their imagination, mecha this kind of huge machine body, the most key linkage of the control system and the structure system, still like the same as countless thousands of years ago, are all this kind of most primitive hydraulic device. Some scientists also put forward some other designs, however, the relentless battlefield practice had already proved that, only the most primitive design is the most reliable and most solidly.
The mecha mechanical leg has at least more than seven different thickness and purpose hydraulic pipes, most of them are covered under the armor. Some are deep inside of the alloy frame, and the exposed on the outside that hydraulic pipe is all one-step formed with the alloy, it’s even thicker than the human thigh, it’s strong enough to resist the blow of the intensive fire. Thus the designers have never thought of, on this hydraulic pipe, to install what anti-strike device.
Because there shouldn’t be the mechanic Fengyu that kind of monster existed in this world originally.
Sheilor’s body trembled severely, in his body that share of enormous power, through the countless paths in his body just in a moment, all transferred to his thigh, his joints and his foot… that brought with violent whistle right foot, treaded on that cold and hard alloy hydraulic pipe ruthlessly, and sent out a depressing blare!
That pair of boots which were on his feet, at the moment when his right foot touched the hydraulic pipe, began to deform and tear, in a very short time, burst into countless fragments, flying and struggling like the butterflies around Sheilor’s feet, but still didn’t have time to fly away.
That share came from his loin power, transferred to the hydraulic from the sole of his foot, just saw the metallic gloss on that hydraulic was incredibly lighter a bit, then had a slightly quiver… and soon was back to the normal again, the cold metal didn’t have a bit of ripple. 
The hydraulic pipe was not broken, also was not like that mecha, which was hit by Fengyu one year ago on the suburb of the West River state one year ago, bathed in the such like the waterfall oil, and fell down dejectedly. That black mecha was not moved a bit, it aimed at that almost fled out of the underground parking lot black car ruthlessly, bombarded out its main gun!
Just at this moment, Sheilor felt that his own right foot kicked a piece of iron plate, no, should be said that he kicked a rooted on the ground iron column. A share of enough to make people fainted pain, came from his sole to the angle, then spread to the knee joint, and finally spread to his thigh root!
He even could feel, countless cracks began to spread from his own toes, countless muscle fibers began to tear, and the bones of the leg also began to crack!
The unarmed human, with his own flesh and blood, launched the attack to the huge metal mecha, this is a kind of crazy behavior. And the reverse-shock transferred back from that mecha metal body, also proved that this kind of challenge, appeared it’s too solemn and stirring but without any effect. 
Sheilor was directly shocked to fly up by the reverse-shock, the power to control the body had already shocked to nothing by the reverse-shock of the mecha, his body flied to the air like a broken line kite dejectedly.
The huge pain had hardly fully occupied his mind completely, the leg bone had already all broken, hung down in the air feebly.
The shocked flying Sheilor, flying in the air, he looked at the in front of him this black mecha with the corner of his eyes. He knew that he’s not uncle Fengyu, he didn’t have the ability to subdue the mecha single-handedly. He also didn’t have this kind of extravagant hope himself, so he wasn’t disappointed, also didn’t have the despair furthermore, instead, the incomparably satisfied flame was burning in his eyes. Because he knew… his this kick absolutely had its effect, just where the effect was, nobody knew!
On the black mecha mechanical leg that hydraulic pipe, just had a quiver slightly in his that kick, then it restored its calm. But in the place the naked eyes and the mecha monitoring system could find, in the absolutely sealed flowing liquid  inside of those pipe cavities, and among those electric inductance components and circuits, which were relied on by those mecha control systems, a share of shiver began to spread! 
It’s just same as the pain and the bone surface cracks began to spread inside Sheilor’s body at this time.
That share of shiver was how similar with the tremble Sheilor had earlier.
Sheilor ended his shocked flying journey, his head had a face upward to the back, spouted a gulp of blood, and fell down on the ground heavily.
Just at the same time when he fell down on the ground, the black mecha also had completed the launch of the main gun.
There’s a proverb in the Federation, when you start the journey, you just shift a CM from the right direction, when you end the journey, you will find out that you have already been away from the destination one thousand KM.
When Sheilor kicked his foot on the hydraulic pipe, transferred that in his body the trembling power all out, let the airtight liquid in the hydraulic pipe had some deformation in an instant, this should be the error which absolutely shouldn’t be allowed by the machine program, but this error happened at that moment. It’s the fluctuation probably just about the point zero one millimeter degree, accompanied with the ripple of the liquid, was transferred to the inside of the huge mecha body, spread gradually, through those circuit components and lines, and through those channels of the current and the data stream, spread… and was enlarged gradually. 
The right side of black mecha body, in the naked eye invisible level, had the quiver slightly.
The point zero one millimeter level fluctuation, when it transferred to the right mechanical arm of the black mecha, had already become the one millimeter error. The main even had the speed beyond the general concept, a swirling flow showed in the air of the underground parking lot suddenly, and in the middle of the swirling flow was the extremely hollow… cavity!
Just right in the main gun aiming route, on the three thick cement walls of the underground parking lot, almost at the same time, had three basketball size holes appeared, these three holes were cut incomparably trim, on the absolutely straight line, the other side of the holes was that speeding up to escape black car!
However, because of the lower than MM level error, this horrible gunfire just swept and roared pass over the roof of the black car, and hit through two more cement walls directly, then didn’t know fell to where… 
A moment later, in a distant room on the sub level of the gymnasium, a series of very horrible explosions sounded up, the whole ground began to shake up!
Shot through five cement walls directly, and triggered such a violent explosion at the end, the power of the military mecha main gun is really too amazing and hard to imagine. If this gunfire hit directly on the black car, then on the car Charlie Tai and the steward Ken would be dead how ugly.
The fell down on the cement ground and in the blood Sheilor, was shocked to bounce up from the ground again by this explosion, he didn’t feel a place on his body was not in the pain. But his eyes dyed slightly red by the blood, saw the black car finally drove off away from the underground parking lot in distance, he couldn’t help to grin, showed his those white teeth in the gun smoke, and laughed up cheerily. At the same time, on the half broken dead body by his side, his right hand had groped for a cold gun.
Obviously that huge black mecha didn’t expect that the attack of its main gun would miss the target, although when that human kicked the mecha frantically earlier, the inside of the mecha operating cabin pilot still felt a bit surprised. But the intrepid neural control, the logical judgment ability and the instinct as a soldier to obey the order, still let him not heed that madman that kicked out foot with the fragile body, he just aimed at that black car, and launched the main gun.
At this time, the inside of the mecha pilot, finally perceived that this lying under the mecha wearing the green military dust coat guy, seemed to be somewhat unusual. But he had no time to explore wherever the exception of this guy was, just right at the black car disappeared from the underground parking lot that moment, through the communicator, this mecha soldier issued the orders to his team soldiers. At the same time, his hands moved like the wind, input seventeen data instructions on the touch screen.
In the loud machine noise, this huge mecha began to slide with a rush, just like a skating athlete, with the crawler-type device on its alloy legs, had the quick start in the narrow underground parking lot. Speeded up instantaneously, with the beautiful forward sliding movement, the black mecha chased after to the exit of the underground parking lot, only left the sharp air vibration sound…
The pursuit of the black mecha was so courageous and resolute, so decided and so indifferent, it even didn’t take a look at the caused him infinite interest Sheilor, the successfully let his main gun had the deviation with the human body Sheilor.
Besides the fancy ace pilots of the federal military, who else could make such quick reaction like this, and have such beautiful operating action?
The huge and terrible black mecha pursued the car which Charlie Tai was in, along with the smoke and the air vibration sound, disappeared in the exit. 
Besides the shock at this time, Sheilor couldn’t worry about the life and death of Charlie Tai, because he had to worry about his own life and death at this time. 
In the quiet underground parking lot, in the field full of the burnt flavor and bloody smell, all around shot to the crisp skin cement walls by the mecha fire, still kept falling down the concrete debris and the steel fragments in rustle. Those five shocking perfectly round bomb holes on the partition cement walls of the parking lot, still were rising the green smoke.
The light in the parking lot were all out long ago. Because of the explosion and the high temperature, the automatic induction fire extinguishing units kept spraying out the water, it’s just like raining. The sight at this time, extremely like the rainy night, that rainy night when Sheilor killed people for the first time.
He looked at those several figures of the armed people forcibly coming over, he knew that the other party must be wearing the night vision equipment, he would probably die over here… his face turned pale, he sipped his lips tightly, had the cold in his heart, but he still didn’t make a sound. His right hand wielded up suddenly, the gun which was held in his hand began to sound up with the “Chug Chug” sound, the gorgeous gunfire lit up the dark rainy space!


Chapter 18
The struggle of the life and death

With the “Puff Puff” several stuffy sounds, didn’t know how many bullets hit those militants, and how many bullets hit the hard cement wall. In the darkness, only could see the shadow figures of six or seven militants, one of them had a stuffy hum, the neck had a snap and then fell down.
Sheilor never joined the army, just for machine maintenance petty officer examination of the Ministry of National Defense, he remembered countless combat regulations and combat formations of the military. Actually these knowledge didn’t have too much effect for his examination, but uncle Fengyu still let him learn, then he learnt those things honestly. He didn’t expect that those knowledge played the role at this moment, the randomly shooting bullets in tension, incredibly hit a target successfully.
This should be the first time he opened fire, the heavy feeling in the wrist, and the slightly limp and numb recoil force, let his that lying in the blood body feel somewhat uncomfortable. This system volleying gun should belong to a security personnel of the Tai family, but that security personnel had already died in the surprise attack of that military mecha, and didn’t know how many fragments his body had already become. But also thanks to the safe of the gun had already been opened, then it let Sheilor could finish the shooting in the first time.  
The reaction of Sheilor was very quick, the more respected thing was his that never yielding, silent but firm character, shocked flying to the ground by that mecha, his subconscious action was groping for a weapon on the ground, he would struggle for his own life nonstop… even if it’s only the struggle.
In order not to expose his target to the other party in the darkness, Sheilor raised his shooting right arm very high, but even so, that group of well-trained militants, still judged out his position accurately. A burst of rush bullets sounded up, the sharp breaking air sound blew up, countless water and cement fragments were blown up disorderly!
Just bitten by a mosquito.
Sheilor leaned on the back door and breathed rapidly, his chest kept up and down heavily. He felt several pains on his right arm, he knew that he had already been hit by those militants before he sneaked into the back door. Just in the darkness, he didn’t know where he was hit. He just knew that he had a penetration injury on his right arm, the bullet hit his upper arm, the blood was running, the pain was destroying his nerve.
Just bitten by a mosquito! Nobody could see that his face was so pale in the darkness, his eyes were so bright to a very horrible degree. He breathed heavily, no longer paid attention whether those militants could hear it or not, he kept repeating the words which were relevant with the mosquito, convinced himself not to care about that he was wounded, and convinced himself that he still could survive in such a hard time.
The more severe thing than the gunshot wounds, was the injury of his right leg. Earlier for shocking that huge and heavy mecha, he focused all his body strength on the leg and kicked it out, although he destroyed the attack of the mecha main gun successfully, but the recoil force of that share of huge power, ruined his right leg directly. His right leg was twisting with a kind of very ghastly posture at this time, the fracture bones were lancinating his red and swollen leg muscle inside.
It’s very painful, the pain to the acme is the numb, but Sheilor couldn’t feel it at all.
The rain was still spraying in the underground parking lot, the bloody smell was lighter than the earlier, but the burnt flavor was getting thicker and thicker, didn’t know whether the distant room of the gymnasium hit by the mecha main gun, was lit the raging flame or not.
Sheilor was lying on the ground and holding that strange metal gun silently, on the other side of the door were several participating in the assassination militants. Those several militants obviously had the military background, they used to have the group action following behind the mecha, but for the individual combat, they also were not strange.
This kind of silent and tense confrontation didn’t last very long, at least it’s not as long as what Sheilor felt at this moment. That group of militants didn’t have too much time to waste with him, they had to retreat before the federal power department had the reaction. Although in the splendor of the First Charter, even they could retreat, it’s estimated that they were still hard to leave the Federation.
The “Chug Chug” gunfire were resurfaced, countless bullets hit on that heavy door, splashed the sparks and fragment. If this door of the underground parking lot is not made of the metal, it’s afraid of one thing that the behind the door Sheilor had already been hit into the hornet nest at this time.
Sheilor tried to crouch his body as far as possible behind the door, in order to avoid to be hit by those scattered everywhere in the passage stray bullets, he didn’t dare to look up, also didn’t dare to have any action. But that gun was raised up by him subconsciously, aimed it at a certain angle at his side, this was completely out of his intuition.
The gunfire just stopped, a swift and fierce figure rushed to inside. Sheilor pulled his index finger slightly, then the bullet sprayed out from the barrel in his hand, and hit down that figure directly…
However, after he pulled his index finger, then he knew that he was wrong. Because this was not one of that group of militants, but a security personnel dead body who was cut half body off by the mecha bullets!
Sheilor had his eyes narrowed, he knew that he had already come to the moment between life and death. The originally empty body, didn’t know since when surged up a share of newborn power, he had a stuffy hum, treaded on the door back with his that one and only intact left leg, and slid half meter sideward on the ground forcibly.
Just right at the moment when he was sliding, a black barrel stretched in behind the door without a sound, and hit the place where he was originally, splashed up the sparks. Escaped this round of shooting dangerously, a very bright light flashed in Sheilor those narrowed eyes, he threw himself to the side with a rush, and the gun was fired once again in his hand.
The holding the submachine gun with both hands, rushing into the door that militant was shrouded in this fluffy bullets immediately. The bullets hit the body armor of this guy, made the dull sounds, directly hit him to smash onto the door heavily, and made a loud crash.
Sheilor raised his muzzle slightly, directly shot the head of this guy into a falling down from the high attitude watermelon.
Inside of the door, just like a big mouth of the monster in the legend, it seemed that it could swallow all the lives in. The militants on the other side of the door should think like this, and behind the door Sheilor also thought like this. He half-squat down to lean against the wall, and he didn’t know how many bullets left in the gun in his hand.
He should go to pick the submachine gun of that dead militant, but he just moved over to that side carefully, hid his body behind that dead body, hung down his hand slowly, and touched the side of his boot.
Just right at this time, that quiet dark passage behind Sheilor, suddenly a burst of footsteps came from. The footstep sound was very light, it should be either the child or the very light weight woman, and it should be more than one people.
In such a tense moment, incredibly some people still didn’t evacuate in the gymnasium. The deep worry surged up in Sheilor’s eyes, if let those innocent people arrive here, that would be the nothing one could do except die.
“Fuck your mama, fuck your mama.” Sheilor scolded the bad language expressionlessly, didn’t know what these bad language meant to him, but his that pair of always smiling, seemed very sincere eyes were getting brighter and brighter, and more and more desperate.
“Don’t come over! He shouted loudly at the masters of those footsteps behind him in the darkness.
As his voice came up, the gunfire outside of the door sounded up intensively once again, the gunfire cut apart the space in front of Sheilor. He couldn’t make any action, only could watch the figures of two militants rushed to come over, and came into behind the door.
“Fuck your mama!” Sheilor scolded the words softly, and then threw himself on those two figures. Those two militants obviously didn’t expect that he would be so defy the death to hide in such a close place, and also didn’t expect that the reaction of the other party would be so quick.
The action Sheilor had at this time was really quick, at the moment of life and death, he broke out all the power in his body, those trembles began to squeeze his that already exhausted body, it seemed to squeeze every drop of the power out from his every pair of the muscle fiber.
He threw himself on like a gray shadow, pulled the trigger in the very short range, shot down that a bit farther militant with the firing in bursts. And then threw away the gun in his hand, at the same time when he threw away the gun, his body bumped against on the body of another militant with a rush.
Stretched out the elbow, hit the throat cartilage of the other party; bumped the hip, with the hard bone of his waist side, bumped on the crouch vital part of the other party; stretched forward the fingers, the finger tips poked into the eye sockets of the other party ruthlessly.
Started the practice from the days when he was in the mine, to when he became the porter of the Pear Garden university, he didn’t miss a day of the practice. The hard training, let the ten postures which uncle Fengyu taught Sheilor became some kind of instinct in his body. Just in this moment, his strength broke out comprehensively, and was brought into play incisively. That kind of comfortable but violent feeling, unexpectedly let him forget that he was dragging a broken leg and was hit by several bullets.
It’s all the strange and heroic marching skill!
The throat is broken, the scrotum is broken, the eyes are burst, and the blood stormed out, that militant didn’t even make a hum sound, then fell down in front of Sheilor. 
But his body had already exposed by the door side at this moment, Sheilor didn’t have any pause, he pushed the dead body of that militant, rushed out silently and bravely.
“Tuk Tuk Tuk Tuk” in the gunfire hit the dead body sound, Sheilor had a metal tool in his right suddenly, he pressed his finger on it, a light blue arc immediately lit up this corner of the underground parking lot.
A militant on his side was hit by the electric arc, his body had a twitch and fell down to the ground, but in his hand that still shooting submachine gun, the shooting out bullets hit the thigh of one of his companions.
Sheilor blunt rush over, the knifepoint of the electric shock stick had already stretched out, directly poked at that kneeled down on the ground guy. 
However, these militants were worthy of the military elite soldiers. Although Sheilor was a emergent variable, and he killed several his companions somehow. But this accidentally injured by his companion guy, at this critical moment, still showed the extremely great individual quality of the federal soldier. 
In such a short time and such a short distance, couldn’t lifted the gun to shoot, that militant had a stuffy hum, in a very short electric arc light time, saw clearly the position where Sheilor had his knife stabbed at, he blocked with the submachine gun in his hand, very skillfully blocked the wrist of Sheilor.


Chapter 19
Both body and soul in the snow and ice

The named “Knife” electric shock stick, was transformed into the multiple use tool by him, the shock effect of the front-end still was reserved, but the back of the handle was designed as a retractable dagger knifepoint. 
At the previous moment, he electric shocked a militant fainted, the right elbow had a swipe, then the grasped tightly in his palm dagger stabbed at the throat of that last militant.
But he didn’t expect, in the last moment, that militant incredibly turned the submachine gun in his hand into a cold weapon, and blocked his wrist directly.
The had the cruel trained all the year round soldier, the body had the strong strength, especially what he was holding was a gun, and what Sheilor was holding was just a small dagger, compared with two things, just in a moment, the severe shock came from the wrist, let Sheilor fell that it’s not going well.
At this time he was more than the serious injury, he had no any more power could be used. The practiced hard for many years those strange postures, became the water without a source. And he had been dragged by the injury, didn’t have any way to send the power neither.
In the faint light, looking at the near at hand cold and bloody eyes of that man, Sheilor felt the chill came creeping over his body, just like that he was naked in the Coastal snow and ice outside of the gymnasium.
Just right at this critical juncture, a didn’t know came from where strength, once again came out from his waist, surged to his upper body quickly, directly through a certain area on his nape, and transferred to his arms!
Sheilor still had no time to enjoy this dramatic change, then he had a stuffy grunt, and spitted out a mouthful of blood.
A burst of severe and deep into the bone marrow pain, exploded in a certain place on his nape, blasted him the eyes all red, the eye pupils also narrow tightly, his lips kept shivering, and the exposed to the outside skin felt painfully like cracking, but his brain was more like to have countless needles penetrating constantly…
“Ah!”
The had been silence, and used to silence, even thought that he would be dying, still just scolded the dirty words softly or in the heart Sheilor, in this kind of unbearable great pain, finally screamed loudly!
With this sound of shrilling roar, he put his left hand on the right hand, and pushed it forward with that strand of pain.
Just heard the sound “Puff”.
In front of the huge and heavy but extremely firm mecha, Sheilor is just a flesh ordinary human body. No matter how strong the power he had, also just could let the mecha had the quiver a bit. But compared with the normal people, the trained for many years by Fengyu him, actually was more like a machine that those iron soldiers, more like a machine… not the ruthlessly killing machine, but his body, the muscle fiber in his body, the nerve tracts and every cell, all strode forward to the direction of the first sequence machine.
In front of the machine, no matter how intrepid the soldier is, he still couldn’t hold it off.
The knifepoint which stretched out from the back of the handle, pressed forward easily like tearing a piece of paper, shocked the arm of that militant off, and shocked flying that submachine gun!
Sheilor this last prick in the incomparably painful state, incredibly let that small dagger had the devastating feeling! The blood stormed out, this dagger easily and casually penetrated into the throat of this militant. 
Then he was paralyzed to fell down on the ground. He couldn’t find any power in his body any more at this moment, that strand of sharp pain was still sending out the fluctuation in his nape, thousands and millions of needles stabbed in and pulled out in his brain, and let him forgot his broken leg and those gun wounds completely.
Just right at the moment when he fell down to the ground, the corner of his eyes… very painfully saw that militant who was electric stunned by him earlier, was trying to climb up from the ground at this moment.
Sheilor knew that he was going to faint right away, and couldn’t never wake up again. Because besides the faint, there was no other way, could let his body to withstand that kind of pain in his nape, this is a kind of natural instinct reaction which the human body have for protecting the brain.
If that militant could climb up, facing in the faint him, then he would die… before that moment when Sheilor fainted, he thought of his extremely tragic ending somewhat helplessly.
At this time and here, no one could save him, he would die. Just right before that moment when he was going to die, Sheilor had many pictures flashed in his mind, he thought of a lot of things, just like shooting the film, but he dolefully confirmed, this was not shooting the film.
It doesn’t matter, all the things don’t matter, I have already seen Jane Sue, and also have sexed with woman, even if I died, this walking a round in life also should be called successful. People being alive, is not to do the right things? The die, it’s not for Charlie Tai, it’s not for those he don’t know at all political dissensions or the inside stories, it’s just for… what those people are doing is wrong, so he should stop them. Just… just… he is still so young.
Sheilor was influenced by Shielding, he became a bit wordily, he made the last words in his brain quickly, then fell down hard on the full of dirty water cement ground, all black in front of his eyes, then fainted just like this, and his that fell into coma ordinary face still had a forced smile on.
The bustling Coastal university town, because of the severe cold and snowstorm of the winter, became a lot cold and cheerless. But it’s the first concert Jane Sue held in the Federation, so it brought the prosperity and bustle back to this large urban agglomeration.
The finished watching the concert people left the gymnasium with the lingering interest, along the developed highways and rail traffic network, dispersed to each campus or the Coastal city.
On the northeastward of the gymnasium, a highway is more cold and cheerless than other places. Because this highway leads to another federal state directly, it takes about twelve hours to arrive there in the ice field and the high mountains. In such a cold weather, no one would choose to travel on this road. And what’s more, because of the continuous snow weather, this highway had been in half-closed state.
However, on this half-closed highway at this time, a without any sign black car was driving at full speed.
Because it’s in the half-closed state, the Federal Traffic Management Committee shut off the automatic heating ice-removing function as well, thus the snows on this road was very thick. This car rolled through the deep snow and ice crumbs all the way, the had been very ragged car body incredibly didn’t have any skewing, it still steadily maintained its balance and stability.
The black car was coming all the way, and didn’t see a car along the road incredibly. Didn’t know since when, Charlie Tai had already sat on the co-pilot position, the two-way seat belt buttoned up his body tightly. His expression was abnormally cold, he looked at the ice and snow waste land skimming over to the backward outside of the window time to time. 
“The target is getting close again. It’s expected to get into the attack zone seven seconds later.”
The central control computer of the black car, sent out the alarming sound once again. As the ride the Tai family prepared for the its own heir, no matter from which perspective to see, it’s still the very intrepid existence. The intelligent judgment program of the vehicle-mounted central control computer, vaguely had the similar feeling as the central control computer of the space shuttle.
The computer voice just stopped, on the rear view screen of the black car, had the soul-stirring picture shown on it.
A black military mecha, on the not far behind highway, forced to come over with a kind of unstoppable attitude. That mecha had been fully into the march forward mode, accompanied with the great vibration sound of the mecha body breaking the air, the alloy caterpillar band kept grinding the snow and ice, crushing the concrete highway pavement, the momentum was very astonishing! 
But in the black car, Charlie Tai and the steward Ken didn’t have any change on their faces.
After he drove the car out from the underground parking lot of the gymnasium, without the command of Charlie Tai, the steward Ken very consciously chose northeast direction this few people tread highway. Although this could give the pursuit of the rear military mecha some conveniences, but at least it could guarantee that it wouldn’t cause too much panic in the federal people in the attack of the military mecha.
That black military mecha fought out from the gymnasium and chased after the car, of course this scene would fall in the eyes of some federal citizen, but as long as the war is not happened in the people crowded zone, it always could be the thing covered in the future.
The heavy military mecha, once it has the full horsepower on, on the plain open area, could move faster than the tank or the armored vehicle easily. Even on the civil highway, catching up with the most expensive sports car of the Federation, also is not a what unbelievable thing.
But the as confidence guarantee by the Tai family security personnel black car, of course, is the special product, it shouldn’t only reach the speed of a bit over one hundred miles… perhaps because in the underground, that black car was attacked too horrified, the power equipment had been damaged, thus the speed all the time couldn’t reach to the perfection. 
The black mecha had the chase to the black car lasted for two minutes now, at this time, the ice and snow road had already come to the no building desolation zone.
The black mecha chased a bit closer behind, it would get into the attack range of the onboard weapon in a moment. The steward Ken still had the composed face, he said in a soft voice, “it’s not too safe, do we need to get rid of it?”
It seemed that the Tai family this black car not couldn’t get rid of that mecha on the behind, but for some reason, always kept forbearing.
“No need.” Charlie Tai stared at the ice and snow outside of the window, his mood was even more cold and dignified than the ice and snow, his hand grasped tightly the armrest under the car window, he put forth his strength on the knuckles, so they seemed pale slightly. Just in previous that moment, he suddenly had a flicker of shiver and some pain in his heart, it seemed that something he wouldn’t imagine happened in the gymnasium.
“The military people participated in the assassinating civilian action, that equals to the treason.” Charlie Tai didn’t have any expression on his face, “in the splendor of the First Charter, they have already had the preparation to die at any moment, it’s impossible for them to hand over any information, under this kind of circumstance…”
“Don’t give them the chance to escape to the Big Triangle.”
“Let them all died… especially this mecha.”
Steward Ken silenced for a moment, then he nodded his head. A few strange chirping, seemed some flying objects were getting close in the fast speed, and they were also in the low attitude, therefore they would shock the air kept buzzing, and the ice and snow by the sides of road kept shaking.
Steward Ken narrowed his eyes slightly, said in a soft voice, “they are coming.”
While he was speaking, at the end of the snow and ice road that skyline, seven black spots were coming quickly, enlarged quickly in the visual field, and showed their true features.
With the humming sound, the snow and ice by the sides of highway were all shocked broken, seven most advanced jet fighters, flying in the high-speed with the low altitude combat stance, dived for the black car and behind the car that valiant black mecha.


Chapter 20 
The end of the mecha

That black mecha drove away in the high-speed from the underground parking lot of the gymnasium, all the way chased after that black car, got on the icy highway. The controlling this mecha that pilot, always kept the absolute calm and the strong determination to finish the task, but his mentality had already had some subtle changes.
The pilot in the mecha named Randy, he’s the model of the federal military, the most excellent elite, and the winner of the four pieces of Purple Star Medal.
The under his control mecha didn’t have any additional action, every move is so clear and explicit but the lethality is dye-in-the-wood. Ten years ago, he had controlled the mecha personally, in the federal troops great counterattack of the space jump, on that controlled by the Empire planet, he entered the grassland and smashed fourteen Empire mechas.
The first appearance of the black mecha controlled by him, just like a demon broke open that heavy cement wall, abruptly appeared in the concrete fragments and the dust, just in one second time, he cleared away all the Tai family security personnel besides the black car area!
This black mecha perfectly controlled its sector shooting angle, as far as possible, let every point of impact had the maximum damage. With his ability, hid behind the cement wall, attacked a federal citizen with a mecha, this shouldn’t give any chance to the other party to escape.
But there were two accidents in the process of the assassination, these two accidents all couldn’t be controlled by him, they were not even his responsibilities.
The first accident was that black car.
In the black mecha federal major Randy, never imagined that there would be such a strong car in the Federation. Although he knew it clearly who the target he was attacking was, what kind of strength the family behind that young man was, but… after all, that’s a black car, not a mecha!
How could it possible after he shot a full chained magazine, that kind of horrible fire, unexpectedly also just left those ugly metal deep holes on this car body, but not hit through it!
Just because of the extremely horrible defense ability of this black car, let in the car steward Ken could survive, and even gave the quick reaction Sheilor and Charlie Tai two people the chance to survival.
For Randy, the second accident he executed the task today was that wearing the West Forest military uniform young man.
This first-class pilot, didn’t know since when, there was a West Forest suddenly soldier by the side of the target. But he didn’t care about that non-target at first… until the other party treaded his that foot on the mechanical leg of his mecha bravely but crazily. 
The situation at that time was very much like what a proverb in the Federation: on the highway, a poor insect is raising up its arms, mounting the high horse, and trying to stop a in the high-speed vehicle.
But this seemingly crazy and stupid action, interfered the launch of the black mecha main gun successfully!
Randy didn’t understand the always been very steady under his control mecha, why it would have the slight shiver at that moment. Not matter the automatic balancing apparatus, or his manual operation, all couldn’t have the final calibration, thus let the first shot of the main gun incredibly deviated from the target. 
This is in his twenty years of military career, the strange thing he never experienced. The foot of that young West Forest soldier, that needs how powerful strength, then it could shake up the several tons heavy mecha body? And how could the power of that foot interfere the mecha internal control system?
Even he was driving with high-speed on the snow and ice highway at this time, Randy still felt that inside of the always like his body mecha, seemed to still had an indistinct band interference existed, that let his manipulation had been not very smooth. Thus he followed behind that black car all the way, but couldn’t get closer quickly.
Most of the Federal citizens are the materialists, especially the people living on these three administrative planets of the Capital Planet Circle. Soldier Randy felt that his mecha had some small problems, but how could he think of, it’s earlier means of that young West Forest soldier still in effect. He just judged subconsciously, that Tai family black car was using some kind of interference equipment in front.
The pursuit started from the underground parking lot, it had already passed a long time. But the black mecha that seemingly swift and fierce pursuit, always couldn’t reach the effective attack range. The power of the mecha was still very full, but the ammunition it carried was not that much, Randy had to cherish every launch and didn’t want to waste it. Although his that showed outside of the black helmet face still was cold, but the very bad inference had already risen up in his mind.
The confidence of this federal elite soldier had already faded gradually, he had a bit of dismay and a bit of light despair. Although this pursuit happened on the few people tread highway, but after all it was still in the most core area of the Federation. The reaction of the government power department would arrive soon, it looked like that his task would only ended in failure today.
Just right at this time, there was thunder sounded in the distant horizon. 
Randy stared at those seven light spots appeared on the light screen in front of him, confirmed that those were the federal jet fighter, and confirmed that these seven advanced jet fighters, with the low altitude through way, escaped the mecha that cover twenty miles circumference monitoring radar equipment… the warning sounded up in the mecha, reminded him that the fighters had already locked his mecha, and could attack at any time.
It’s the most equipped F-type jet fighter of the Federation, it could hang nine air-to-ground missiles at most. Seven jet fighters, that means sixty-three missiles. Just in a moment, this data emerged in Randy’s mind. However, he calmed down at this time instead. Even he failed today, it’s also not the responsibility of his fighting ability, but those weird accidents and destiny disturbed his work. 
Soldier Randy that firm and persistent facial lines became stern like a knife at this moment, countless action instructions were input on the touch screen, and the always kept march forward mode mecha, also began to change the mode in the great current noise, the caterpillar bands under it broke away, the mechanical legs stretched out once again, it scratched deep wounds on the concrete surface…
In the whoosh sounds, more than ten gray lines shot in high-speed from the horizon, it’s the federal jet fighter standard equipped “Oxtail” air-to-ground missile. These missiles scratched the side of front that black car, and shot at the back that matching forward with a strange posture black mecha.
Right at the same time, the mechanical legs of the black mecha pedaled on the ground abruptly, the whole mecha suddenly bended forward in the high-speed state, it seemed like that it’s going to throw itself to the ground. However, the mecha body relied on the inertia, turned and maneuvered in the air, made a wonderful action similar to the fighter leaning wings, in the dense guided missile group shooting, found that only passage, glided forward, and escaped all the missiles incredibly!
Those horrific missiles, scratched over the black mecha that huge body, hit the pavement of the highway and exploded, didn’t know how much snow and ice and cement road surface were lifted up, the smoke was blowing suddenly.
However, a missile was shot between the black car and the mecha, although the mecha saved its life successfully in the extremely dangerous moment, but it still couldn’t avoid that missile exploded on the concrete road surface in front of it…
That missile exploded twenty meters in front of the mecha directly.
The black mecha in this last moment, still demonstrated its formidably fighting capacity, the output power surpassed the peak number momentarily, took the mecha out of control risk, Randy controlled the mecha to make a stunning jump action on the ground, avoided the shock wave caused by the missile, and flight to the air directly.
But the terrifying thing was, after that missile exploded, the rose faster than the dust, in a series of strange sharp whistles, countless reflecting the snow light linear materials suddenly shot out by the guided missile body! 
The black mecha avoided the frontal shock wave and shrapnel, but in the air, it couldn’t have any way to avoid those in fine threads and like catkins flying everywhere reflecting the light linear materials. 
Zee Zee Zee Zee, those fine threads like having the magnetic force, stuck on the black mecha that smooth and fastening surface quickly, that’s a kind of dark color and similar to the graphite beam things.
“Electromagnetic bomb…” in the mecha Randy had a chill in his heart, then he gave up all the hopes. The federal rescue department, incredibly in such a short time, let the jet fighter hang the special to be used against the mecha electromagnetic bomb, he couldn’t have any hope to escape. 
In the Zee Zee current sound, those sticking on the black mecha surface dark metal threads, began to shine out the blue arc light violently. At this time, the mecha still was gliding in the air intrepidly in the effect of the inertia. It suddenly was covered by the blue electric arc light, that seemed incomparably strange.
The blue electric arc light disappeared momentarily, but the mecha seemed to have already lost all its power, the movement suddenly had a stiff in the air, just like a broken line puppet, fell down onto the ground heavily, and then rolled forward stiffly, on the concrete road surface, struck out a big hole, and grinded out a straight trail. After launched the missiles, the jet fighters finally flied come over, several stuffy sounds went off almost at the same time, the bullets shot from the air-to-ground gun, ploughed several deep grooves on the ground surface, the cement fragments splashed everywhere, the smoke and dust all the way pointed at that had already lost control ability mecha directly.
Countless stuffy sounds went off on the surface of the black mecha at the same time, the strong mecha alloy armor, in the powerful shooting of the air-to-ground gun, began to deform, began to be cut through, began to be damaged, and began to become the existence like the garbage…
No siren sounded, the special squad of the federal First Military Region, silently and vigilantly came close to that on the middle of the highway black mecha, behind them, the fire reserve had fully opened armored vehicles had already been ready.
The control system of this black mecha was destroyed by the electromagnetic bomb of the jet fighter, and was shot intensively one round by the air-to-ground gun brutally, the whole mecha body had already became very poor, warped on the pavement very mournfully, and seemed that it’s impossible to have the fighting ability any more. But in the eyes of the federal soldiers, the mecha is the most powerful, but also is the most unpredictable combat machine, they didn’t know whether would have the accident or not.
The cabin door of the black mecha opened slowly, on the road surface below the mecha, those soldiers raised the guns in their hands, the metal clash sound of the on the back fire components went off in succession.
Took off the helmet, Randy wiped off the shocked out blood from the corners of his mouth, he took a look at those approached close to mecha soldiers chillily, heard those somewhat fuzzy commanding him to abandon the mecha and surrender voices, and he shook his head slowly.
At that earlier moment when he faced those seven jet fighter, actually he had the confidence that he could at least shoot down one took the risk flying in low altitude jet fighter. Even if at this time the automatic control system of the mecha had already been destroyed, he still believed that he could control the mecha, let those soldiers below pay a steep price. 
But since the task had failed, he was unwilling to lay a hand on those soldiers. As the comrade-in-arms, they should fight together on the battlefield, they shouldn’t be the both sides of the hostile.
Soldier Randy took a look at that turning in distance black car, narrowed his eyes slightly, patted gently on the slightly hot metal mecha body under his body, took out his pistol, aimed at his own temple, and pulled the trigger silently.


Chapter 21
Your Excellency senator

The sound of the gunfire, echoed in the ears of those marching forward nervously, echoed on the quiet northern suburb highway of the university town, and echoed across the world covered by the ice and snow.
Charlie Tai held back his staring at the screen eyes, tightened the coat on his body a bit, looked at that badly broken black mecha on the distance, frowned and didn’t say a word for a long time.
He didn’t know what the name was that dead soldier, it might be assumed that he could check it out before long. Obviously this soldier is the ace pilot of the federal troops, from the most beginning sudden strike in the gymnasium, to the later manipulation on the highway, all showed the very intrepid military quality of this man.
Charlie Tai looked at the other side of the road, a flicker of not accord with his age heavy flashed across on his slightly pale face. Today he almost died in the attack of the mecha, until he could confirm the safety at this time, then he felt a bit of fear after the event. But he didn’t show it out, just the showed outside of the sleeves hands trembled slightly.
The sound of the helicopter came from the end of the road.
The steward Ken had the blood stain dried up on the forehead, he took off the phone by his ear, came to the side of Charlie Tai and said in a low voice, “the soldier in the mecha is major Randy, the four pieces of Purple Star Medal winner, the combat hero, and he belongs to the special mecha brigade of the Second Military Region, appointed the deputy district chief. He should attend a training hosted by the Ministry of National Defense today in the Capital District.” 
Charlie silenced for a moment and said, “the Second Military Region… the spring offense of the Ministry of National Defense, should be with the Second Military Region as the main force. If I don’t guess it wrong, this major Randy must have many colleagues sacrificed in the encirclement to the anti-government army.”
“Yes, this time the training in the Capital District, is aiming at the spring general offense to the anti-government army base in the Green mountains.” the steward Ken took a look at the side face of his master, “the senator Palmer reached the preliminary settlement agreement with the anti-government army yesterday, then today have an assassination action aiming at you. It looks like that the military hawks are very angry for our family this time taking part in this event.”
“No need to get hurry to lock who is the suspect, the afterward investigation and trial are the things of the federal government. Although I am very angry, but I also can’t place myself above the law to sentence some people guilty.” the eyes of Charlie Tai were calm same as before, “if this matter relates to the settlement agreement, the people don’t want the government to reach the settlement agreement with the anti-government… should still have a lot.”
The steward nodded his head, although two of them didn’t say it frankly, but they all knew it clearly, behind the scene of this most appalling assassination in almost twenty years in the Federation, shouldn’t be that simple.
The senator Palmer had already made the most solid one step on the path to become the federal President. Those families and economic big alligators in the Federation, in the Presidential candidates, all had their cooperation partners. If the assassination this time, is in order to eliminate the biggest support of the senator Palmer have in the Federation, then there might have the shadows of those family forces in it as well.
At this time, the simple style phone in steward Ken rang again, he got the phone through, listened quietly to the phone for a long time, then he apologized to Charlie Tai in a soft voice, “the police and the FBI have already blocked the underground parking lot of the gymnasium, the family representatives also went in there with them… but they still couldn’t find the whereabouts of your that friend temporarily.”
“Have not found him yet?” earlier still in the being pursued tense moment, Charlie Tai had already let steward Ken track directly how the government aspect deal with the gymnasium. He just wanted to know… whether Sheilor could survive in that kind of hopeless situation. When he heard that they still couldn’t find his whereabouts, Charlie Tai raised his tone slightly, and said with the slight anger, “life can see the people, death can see the dead body as well… what’s the meaning couldn’t find him?” 
“The firepower of the military is too fierce, the left… remains basically have been incomplete.” the steward Ken took a look at Charlie Tai worriedly, he adjusted his tone, “the government staffs are cleaning up the site at this time, it’s very normal that they couldn’t find it in the short time. According to the report over there, with the site situation to see, even to have the chip identification, also will take a long time. So they would probably use the biological symbol recognition program, but that will take two weeks time as well.”
In Charlie Tai that always calm eyes, suddenly had a bit of bleak. When he thought of that probably Sheilor had already become some pieces of incomplete meat loaf in the dark underground, his stomach began to twitch up. If Sheilor could survive, he should be still in the underground parking lot of the gymnasium at this time, but if he… died unfortunately…
He forcibly calmed his emotion down, turned his head around, and looked at steward Ken and said, “no matter dead or alive, I can’t wait this long to know the news, try to think of a way to ask the Charter Bureau elder to help.”
The easiest way to confirm the death of a federal citizen, of course, is through the confirmation by that central computer of the Charter Bureau. However, the Charter Bureau computer would be responsible for the electronic monitoring network of the entire federal territory, seldom would especially confirm the death of a specific objective, unless it’s the special case. The present old director of the Charter Bureau, is the collateral relative of the Tai family. Although he has separated with Charlie Tai for eight generations, but in the seven generations no more than one heir Tai family, he is the only relative Charlie Tai has in this world.
“If the Charter Bureau have confirmed that Sheilor is still alive, ask them to help to find out the whereabouts of Sheilor.” Charlie walked to that worm-eaten black car, and left this last sentence.
Steward Ken that grey hair waved in the cold wind, he looked at the back figure of his master with the complicated expression. Although he knew that this is the first time his master experienced the death blow of a friend in the development history, but he still didn’t think of, his master that always calm almost couldn’t conceal the emotion in his heart. Of course Sheilor had already died, tried to use the help of the Charter Bureau, it’s really not what a wise practice.
“Send out the application to the Charter Bureau through the government department, and then have the approval, the soonest also takes two days.” the steward Ken said behind his back.
Charlie Tai didn’t look back, just indicated that this thing must be done as soon as possible with the silence.
“The task failed.”
In the Capital District of the Federation, a certain room of an apartments on a certain quiet street, the room window was covered with a layer of filter film, that could prevent the surveillance or even the pry of the military thermal imagine system. 
In the slightly dark room, an about thirty years old soldier, put down the phone, looked at his cooperation partner across the table with the dignified face, and said quietly.
His partner is very mysterious, but he provided enough information to the force of their this party. The news about that Charlie Tai would go to watch the concert today, had the final confirmation last night.
This soldier stood up by the desk, began to clear up the documents on the desk, lowered his head and said, “although until now I still don’t know who is the people exactly behind you, but this cooperation also was not successful. But I still hope that we could have more cooperation opportunity in the future.”
Across the desk that in the grey synthetic sweater ordinary man had a smile, didn’t stand up, also was in no hurry to leave, he just looked at him profoundly and said, “who said that our cooperation was not successful? Although the master of the Tai family escaped the hook, but I think, the goal of those people behind your back also should reach the better part.”
The soldier silenced for moment, then he laughed, “we are the small potatoes put on the stage, the objects we serve, what on earth they want to do, nobody can know fully well… but I’m very curious about how you know about it, I don’t belong to those warm-blooded officer forces of the Second Military Region.”
“Because you are too calm.” that man cleared up his that slightly crumpled synthetic sweater a bit, walked to the side of the window, looked carefully at that on the opposite side building, which has the extremely amazing momentum and rigid style. “We are all the bystanders, the people who really start this matter… are still in one certain office in the Ministry of National Defense.” he said in a soft voice.
The soldier had already cleared up his personal belongings, walked to behind that man, narrowed his eyes and looked at the Ministry of National Defense building of the federal government, he heaved a sigh and said, “as a soldier, actually I admire these ignored the law for the fate of the Federation colleagues.”
“But you make them go to prison.” the wearing synthetic sweater man had his eye pupils shrunk severely, watched on the street more than ten military vehicles rushed into the training center, which is next to the Ministry of National Defense building, “the officers of the Second Military Region, didn’t know how many would be purged away this time.” he said.
“Didn’t think of the reaction of the government and the Tai family would be this quick.” the soldier stood up straight slowly, and said with a bit of fear, “the assassination was just ended over there, incredibly they have already checked to the training center.”
“Her son nearly died, everybody could imagine how angry that lady would be. And in a certain sense, even Your Excellency President, in the anger of that lady, also would make a concession.”
“I have to go now.” the soldier turned his body around without any hesitation and left this dark room. He walked on the stairs of this welfare apartment which belongs to the Defense Department officers, took out the phone from his arms, and began to report to his superior.
“Your Excellency senator, the task failed.”
In the dark room, that wearing synthetic sweater man, also dialed through a phone call, after he calmed down his breath a bit, then he said softly, “Your Excellency senator, the task failed.”
It’s silenced for a while on the other side of the phone, then a somewhat old voice sounded, “throw out the bait. I don’t want to become the angry victim of Tai family, I also don’t think you wan to be neither.”
The expression on the face of that man suddenly became very shocked, he seemed to never think of, His Excellency senator would be so afraid of the Tai family, even not spare to cut off the relation with the biggest supporter he had in the federal government without any hesitation.
That soldier and that wearing the synthetic sweater man, exactly as what they said, they are all only the small potatoes which are not eye-catching in the Federation. But the crowd they served, were the high position and extremely profound influence people in the Federation.
They didn’t know the names and identities of each other, just for a common goal, then they came together, reached a tacit understanding with some big shots of the federal military, began to carry out the most incredible assassination in the nearly twenty years in the Federation.
Now the task was confirmed failed, they all smiled at each other, comforted themselves, his this party still could get some political interests from the follow-up development. But they knew it clearly, failure is failure, and it’s a very complete failure.
They and those big shots behind their back, must have to break away from the storm which is going to be lifted by the Tai family as soon as possible. So they must thrown out the bait immediately, let the eyes of the federal government turn to the mountains.


Chapter 22 
The crime investigation

The assassination attempt in the gymnasium was buried down successfully by the federal government. In the first day of the New Year, if the scandal which the military participated in assassinating the civilian broke out, then from the President to the Defense Minister, from the FBI director to the governor of the Coastal state, all of them wouldn’t be able to have a good New Year.
Although they knew it clearly that the assassination target was not the real civilian, but in the phone the cold tone of that lady, let them know clearly, the federal government must really investigate this matter, rather than like those countless political events in the history, found a scapegoat casually… but the government still needed to hide the truth of this matter to the public, because in the final year of the term of office government, had been unable to bear more storms.
Fortunately, that lady allowed the government silently, even used the influence of her family, and helped the government sealed the mouths of most media. On the TV news for that evening and the second day, and every big authoritative newspaper or electronic newspaper, all didn’t have the report about the assassination event happened in the gymnasium of the Coastal university town. On the contrary, on the entertainment and life column, they especially described the spectacular success of Miss Jane Sue’s first concert.
The government most doesn’t want to face media reporters, all lost their voices collectively. On the one hand, they was influenced by all kinds of pressure; on the other hand, it’s also because they smelt keenly some kind of breath in the Federation. They were waiting, watching whether the government would give some kind of explain to the media and the public.
However, some of the left late people, once in the blizzard outside of the gymnasium, witnessed a black mecha broke the wall, and rushed on the northeast direction highway…
These people couldn’t erase their memories, they couldn’t read any answer on the newspaper doubtfully, then they could only let these memories became some rumors spread on the network message board, and the shock titles on those extremely mediocre gossip tabloid newspaper.
The same day when the assassination happened, the investigation work of the federal power department had already been carried out extremely urgently. Because the executives of every department and every bureau, all received the personal phone call from either the President Office or some heavyweight senators of the Management Committee. The huge state apparatus of the federal government began to run, in the shortest possible time, from that named Randy pilot, they checked a lot of things out. 
A federal combat hero, the four pieces Purple Star Medal winner, how come he would become a very shameful assassin? This needed the history critics and the litterateurs to play their thoughts. The investigators of the federal government didn’t put their focus on this aspect, but checked to the Capital District directly.
The trial started rapidly at the same evening, no extort confessions by torture, no electric shock cruel torture, but only the bright lights, the ubiquitous monitoring equipments, and those cold like metal inquisitors and registrars.
The interrogation didn’t have any result. Those returned from the front line, paid their youth and sweat for the Federation officers, just looked at those officials in front of them indifferently, their eyes were full of anger and disdains. Those who believed they had been insulted officers, even began to shout abuse.
The standoff lasted for half the night, the interrogation aspect gathered these officers together, that responsible for leading the investigating this assassination Four Section director of the FBI, looked coldly at these proud and fearless officers in front of him, he silenced for a moment and then said, “as the federal soldiers, you have the reasonable way to express your will… no one wouldn’t respect what you have paid for the Federation. But as the soldiers, you should obey the law more.” 
“Some of you have already known, perhaps some of you still don’t know. But what I want to say is, the Charter Bureau has already put this Coastal gymnasium event, marked as… the first sequence event.”
“You should know it very clearly how to deal with the first sequence event.” this FBI senior official narrowed his eyes, the cold gaze was rising gradually, “don’t try to cover up, or quibble for your crime! That would only let your family suffer more shame!”
These officer were detained back to the training center by the armed to the teeth military police, only their identities had already become the crime suspects, but no longer the having the bright future federal pillars. 
Just after these people left the temporary trial place, an official came to the side of the director of the Section Four, he lowered his voice and said, “it’s marked as the third sequence event by the central control computer of the Charter Bureau… moreover, even it’s the first sequence event, it still doesn’t have any help for this case.”
“The old or small ancestors of the Charter Bureau know how to play the mystery the most.” the director of the Section Four slightly lowered his head and said, “how could these officers know about the things about the event sequence. I just give them some more time to think about it, and have the fear.”
The earlier morning of the day after, perhaps they had the infinite fear to the splendor of the First Charter in instinct, or perhaps those officers had the clearer acquaintance for the majesty of the law. Anyhow, the tactic of this FBI senior official apparently worked.
No one surrendered, no one confessed who actually organized this assassination, that belongs to the First Military Region black mecha, through what channel to the hands of that major Randy, and that group sent to the gymnasium military squad, received the order from which aspect. 
Seven officer committed suicide in their rooms, no one could be rescued back.
They expressed their fear to the First Charter and the law with this kind of simple way, to protect their superiors and those ideals which they were willing to exchange with their lives.
……
……
A dinner party was held for the President and the Nebula Price winners. After the dinner, it’s a routine dancing party. But obviously, those elderly scholars didn’t have the desire to dance, they were just courtesy but reserved to watch that pair dancing partners on the dancing field, the applause kept sounding constantly, and everything seemed so lively and peacefully.
Mr. Segal Hoove would end his second term this year, it seemed like that he was still somewhat really reluctant to part with the mansion party. The all around had the sincere smile on the face people, watched the dancing slowly President and the first lady, but they gave him the disdain comments in their hearts.
This President no doubt was the most couldn’t leave any mark President in the federal history, because during his terms, he didn’t have any particular deeds to be talked about, his temperament is cowardice and rough, totally didn’t have the style he had in the army in those years. If said that the voters were misled by the illusion knitted by the media ten years ago, then what about five years ago?
But President Segal no doubt was also the luckiest President in the federal history, in his ten years presidency, there were no any event could cause the process of impeachment happened. The war between the Federation and the Empire, had already ended when he was elected; the anti-government army in the four states surrounding the mountains, anyway, have already existed for that many years in the abdomen of the Federation, nobody could blame him that he didn’t have the ability to solve this problem.
“I have to say, the President Segal at least is cautious enough, and actually this is also a kind of excellent quality.”
An age not that old handsome official, stared silently at the Mr. President who he had already accompanied for five years, he gave a different comment in his heart. And then, his face had the slight change, he walked out of the crowd, and came to a quiet corridor on the west end of the official mansion.
This named Bouguer official was the deputy director of the President Office, he would be responsible for processing a lot of routine works. Thus even in such a wonderful party like this, his cell phone would still keep unimpeded. But felt the special vibration mode of the cell phone in his pocket, he knew who made this phone call, therefore, his expression would be so dignified.
“The thing happened in the early morning, you should have already heard about it.” a lady’s calm voice came from the other side of the phone.
“Yes, madam.” Bouguer lowered his voice, had the smile on his face and motioned to the office staff who walked by the front of him.
“I don’t want such things happen again, because I don’t want my son very not easy to survive, but at the end become the hatred target of the whole federal military.” the lady’s voice was calm but not allow to be resisted on the other side of the phone.
“No one expected that those officers would choose this way.” Bouguer silenced for a moment, then he said, “I am afraid that with the deepening of the investigation, there would be more people choose to commit suicide or… be suicide.”
“The investigation must be carried through to the end, I want those real murderers, to pay the price for such a shameless assassination like this… I don’t want to be the backseat driver to the government work, but I just want to say, this event still have enough clues can be grasped, please don’t put your eyes only on those officers of the Second Military Region, I’m as a federal citizen, as the mother of the victim, I somewhat couldn’t accept this kind of practice.”
Bouguer hung up the phone and fell in the meditation. He knew clearly what lady Tai this phone call meaning was, in such circumstance, only he could point the fingers to the government work personally. And according to the returned news from the investigation team, it seemed like that the direction of the investigation, really would touch those make the government unrest aspects.”
He is a government official, but he is the transactional official, but no one knows, actually he is the official who was developed by the Tai family.
Also late at night in the same day, Charlie Tai received his mother’s phone call, knew about the investigation which the federal government had for this crime, after they shifted the direction, they had already got close to the core area. But when he heard the name of that senior official, the as calm as him, still couldn’t help to be in a daze for a moment. 
Woke up by the phone call, woke up from the nightmare, Charlie Tai couldn’t go to sleep again. He put in the pajamas, by the side of the orange desk lamp, sat in the sofa and silenced for a long time, and he somewhat missed those deep-fried dough pies and soybean milk in those nights.
The soonest still needed to wait until the dawn, then he could through that omnipotent central control computer of the Charter Bureau, confirmed whether Sheilor was still alive or not by the chip signal.


Chapter 23
The death of the Defense Minister

Under the sky of the Federation, it’s impossible that there would be the never been exposed inside story, and it’s even impossible to have a perfect plan leaving no clues and no traces. Once the inside story were revealed, the initiator were exposed, that would certainly receive the very malicious blow of the other party. 
Thus in the recent ten Constitution Calendars this long period, the federal political struggle, has been away from the assassination and so on these kinds of unable see the light means. Also no longer any forces dare to assassinate the President, at least the forces of all the parties would always maintain the peace on the surface.
Therefore, the first day of the Constitution Calendar sixty-seven New Year, had the far away from the Capital the Coastal state gymnasium event happened, that shocked all the well-informed big shots in the Capital. This had already broken away from the rules of the game, it’s a kind of means not accepted by the whole class. All the forces at this moment, all expressed vaguely their support attitude to the Tai family, at least they would maintain neutral and silence.
The investigation work of the federal government, made the important progress in that early morning. Although the Second Military Region seven officers committed suicide, that brought another hand of pressure to the work of the FBI, but those staffs just turned in another direction, and continue to look into it.
The identities of the attacked the gymnasium VIP zone militants had been found out, those all killed militants, were the special company soldiers of the Coastal garrison command.
However, who issued the direct command to dispatch the troop, and who could let those loyal to the Federation soldier become the shameful assassination tools, still couldn’t be checked out temporarily. But the careful officials of the FBI, from that newly repaired cement wall in the underground parking lot of the gymnasium, dug out another quite valuable clue.
The subordinate engineer brigade of the First Military Region’s northern hemisphere headquarters, in the eve of the event, received this task. And the people who issued this command, although had already very carefully erased the information section which representing the identity in the message, but the dedicated second layer information brand of the military system, was ignored by that issued the command people. 
A FBI agent, captured keenly this point, in the core statement layers of this command file, found out those several letters which labeled the identity.
This agent had a nickname in the FBI, it’s called “Fur Ball”. because all year round, he liked to wear the synthetic sweater.
The FBI kept investigating through the second information brand, then it all aimed at a male secretary in the Ministry of National Defense building.
The early morning of the Constitution Calendar year sixty-seven’s January three, the Ministry of National Defense building maintained its usual solemn and serene… and its hollowness. On the marble ground of the building hall has the federal army badge pattern painted with the gold powder, the silent but with the relaxed expression men and women officers, walked through on this pattern, in the very grand building, they looked like those on the other side of the federal electronic fence, on the boundless grassland, occasionally walked through few horses.
What happened the day before, the top officers of the Ministry of National Defense building had already known; what happened yesterday in the training center next to the building, most people in this building had already known. As for the news that the officers of the Second Military Region were arrested collectively, and then there were seven officers committed suicide, it’s believed that even the responsible for the cleaning this building the middle-aged women also had already known.
But these personnel working in the federal army core area, still kept the expression relaxed, the corners of the mouth still had the appropriate smile. Because this huge machine never would self-collapse because of the looseness or rust of one certain component.
The design style of the Ministry of National Defense is priority with the frosty style, the exterior wall has not adopted the can absorb the solar energy glass curtain wall, but choose to use the gray black color natural stone materials. The whole building is a square cube, and the seventeen floors height, let this square cube architectural style, look somewhat dull, it just looks like a box.
And in the talking inside of the federal departments, generally they would use “Box” to address the Ministry of National Defense. Because in the eyes of the general affairs officials, those soldiers of the Ministry of National Defense are just like the people set in the box. No matter the walking way or the acting way, always are that square, having the edges and corners.
In the second to top floor of the Ministry of National Defense building, that equals to next to the cover floor of the “Box” that floor, on the end of the corridor has a very quiet and deluxe office.
The vice-minister of the Ministry of National Defense Jason Young, was working in this office. He came to this office same as the usual half an hour earlier, after drank a cup of coffee to refresh, then he adjusted the military map of the S2 Region on the light screen, enlarged it to the four states surrounding the mountains area, he narrowed his eyes to view on it carefully, confirmed the spring offense of the federal troops, let the problems appear as few as possible on some commands.
Half an hour was passed very soon, his secretary still didn’t knock the door, and then brought in the BLT sandwich for him.
The vice-minister Young pressed on the remote controller in his hand, the map on the light screen disappeared. He silently walked to the side of the window, took a look at the beautiful Capital winter scene outside of the window, and then turned his back and sat on the sofa.
The secretary still didn’t come, but the phone on the desk rang. The vice-minister Young got the phone though, listened carefully and seriously for a long time, and he didn’t say a word.
After the phone call, he sat back to the sofa again, this time he didn’t pick up the coffee cup, but found a bottle liquor in the bookcase out, poured himself a glass and sipped slowly.
While he was drinking the amber liquid, this important character of the federal military was narrowing his eyes to think of something, completely not perceived normally he disgusted the most alcohol, would be so rough.
His secretary had been brought to be investigated, it looked like that he wouldn’t be able to come back. And the news he just received from the phone, the security adviser of the President had already entered the Ministry of National Defense hall, and was going to take the elevator, and come to his office.
The vice-minister Young wrinkled up his that aged eyebrows slightly, took out a file from the confidential cabinet by his side, and somewhat fascinated looked at it. About the assassination event happened in the gymnasium of the Coastal state, although he didn’t take part in the investigation, but the details about this event and the progress of the investigation, all would be sent to his hands according to the certain period of time. 
Watching the other party getting close to himself step by step helplessly, this kind of feeling is not that great. Knew the news that his secretary was arrested, the mood of the vice-minister became relaxed a bit instead. What happened in the first day of the Constitution Calendar year sixty-seven, all were conducted under his prompt and instruction.
After the vice-minister Jason Young returned from the front line, he held the post of a lot of positions, the most respected job was the dean of the First Military Institute. With his status in the Federation, it’s enough to let those cooperated with him big shots, or even Mr. President himself, keep him at all costs, just like… those the day before committed suicide seven officers.
But he didn’t wish to do so, he put down the glass, came to the front of the computer, wrote an e-mail, and sent it to the related having received permission personnel.
“Forty years ago, I was a private soldier of the machine maintenance company in the Second Military Region, I witnessed countless federal soldiers, for a great goal, sacrificed on the land in the Green mountains. Forty years later, I am the vice-minister of the federal Ministry of National Defense, have the full power to handle the spring offense for the Constitution Calendar year sixty-seven.”
“I never believe the words of the politicians, more reluctant to put the future of the Federation, to the hands of those not even seen the blood with their own eyes people.”
“Once served as the dean of the First Military Institute, I know it better than anyone, the sacred rule that the army must act under the law and the federal collective will. But I often think, if the law and the federal collective will, have already become the toys in the hands of some certain people, or the result of compromise among them, what on earth the army should do.”
“A grown up in a peaceful environment Mr. lawyer, in the circumstance without the government authorized, reached some kind of agreement with the traitors, in my opinion, this is collusion, this is surrender. I think that I have to stop this thing.”
“Maybe the history will sentence that I am wrong, but… I would rather die than admit I am wrong.”
After the e-mail was sent, the vice-minister Young heaved a sigh gently, many sacrificed in the war with the anti-government army colleagues emerged in his heart, his eyes fell on the file in his hand once again.
This assassination, was to prevent the reach of that so-called settlement agreement, kill Charlie Tai, that has long history family naturally would fall into decline or even collapse. And the senator Palmer who they support, in such a situation, surely wouldn’t be elected as the President. Then the eve of the New Year, the agreement reached between the senator Palmer and the anti-government army… perhaps would never have that day to accomplish.
The reason why this vice-minister chose Charlie Tai rather than that he called lawyer in contempt senator as the target, because in his opinion, kill palmer, the skin cowardice and ready to surrender at all times Tai family, still could choose other political cooperation partner, that couldn’t resolve the problem ultimately.
The vice-minister fell his eyes on a inconspicuous name on the file. If he had what regret in his heart right now, of course would be the assassination plan which was elaborated by his those loyal subordinates, was unable to succeed unexpectedly. That heir of the Tai family, incredibly survived in the attack of the mecha. According to the put down in writing investigation after the event, which played a key role therein, the character saved Charlie Tai twice in succession, no doubt is that have died young student-- Sheilor.
The vice-minister Young drank off the liquor in the glass in a gulp, and then opened the drawer, took out that have already accompanied him for many years old pistol, somewhat clumsily turned the muzzle around, and put it into his mouth.
He paused for a moment, gasped heavily and sharply for a few times, and then pulled the trigger.
The stuffy sound spread all over the whole floor.
The door of the minister office was forcibly burst open, the grey hair President security adviser and the Defense minister pushed the blocked in front military police aside, crowded to the front. They looked at the in the sofa the dead body of the vice-minister Young, looked at that large shocking red on the wall behind the sofa, and silenced for a long time.
“He can’t accept to be brought to trial.” the federal security adviser said in a low voice, “perhaps this is the best result.”
The Defense minister took down his army cap slowly, took that paper which the staff passed to him by his side, looked at that e-mail printed on the paper, he silenced for a long time and said, “rather die than admit he is wrong, at least… it’s a kind of dignified way to die.”


Chapter 24
The initiative contact from an unknown

“It’s already the fifth day, I think, every people’s patience has his limit.”
Today Charlie Tai didn’t use the calm eyes to conceal the anxiety in his heart, he directly stared the steward Ken in front of him, reminded the other party, the time limit for the Charter Bureau to confirm Sheilor’s chip state had already passed for a long time, but he still didn’t get the exact answer.
“I’m very sorry, master.” steward Ken seemed to can’t believe the answer which he got from the Charter Bureau, considered for a long time, then he said with a more appropriate way, “but the chip confirming work over the Charter Bureau there really had some problems, the identity of the sacrificed security personnel and those died military gangsters in the gymnasium, have already been confirmed. But… it’s said that… when they were confirming Sheilor’s chip, the cloud computing program of the central computer just happened to have a small problem.”
“What’s the problem?” Charlie Tai also felt a little bit of surprise.
“I’m not sure, the scientists and the staffs of the Charter Bureau also are not sure. But the repair of the problem is said to be oneness, probably it will appear once in a period, they still can make clear the objective law of the happening of this problem… but the good news is, at least now we know that he is still alive.”
Charlie Tai knew that Sheilor was still alive, his mood became relaxed suddenly. Although he was shocked for how Sheilor could survive in the attack of the mecha and those professional soldiers in that day, and he even felt puzzled about his missing after that, but Charlie Tai finally had the mood to deal with the things related with himself.
The steward Ken looked at the cell phone screen in his hand, reported with the very stable pacing, “the vice-minister of the Ministry of National Defense Jason Young died of acute heart disease, he will have his remains cremated today. The Defense minister nominated Young Chow to take over the vice-minister position, and it had already had the recognition by the President Office and the Security Affairs Committee.”
Charlie Tai closed his eyes and leaned on the sofa, thought of the political fluctuation in the far away Capital in these several days, his mood calmed down gradually. 
Young Chow was directly promoted to be the vice-minister from the deputy director of the Defense logistics department, promoted two level in succession, obviously it’s so unusual. However, this appointment didn’t have any resistance within the government, it might be assumed that the politicians in the Capital, to quell the anger of the Tai family, made a great concession on these aspects.
However, lady Tai seemed that she didn’t have the meaning to just stop like this, at least before this case is checked completely, the federal upper level will inevitably have countless conflicts and compromises again, more people must will pay the terrible price. This assassination event is really too crazy, if the Tai family doesn’t have enough strong reaction, as the sole heir Charlie Tai, the future days in the Federation, will presumably be relatively hard.
Just when Charlie Tai was thinking about his own future, the steward Ken had already organized the most important events happened in these two days in the Federation into clauses and finished the report, and then this old steward bent his body slightly and said, “master, we must have the worst plan, if Mr. Sheilor really leave the world unfortunately, we should notice his close relatives.”
Charlie Tai silenced for a moment and then said, “Sheilor once ever talked to me, he doesn’t have any relatives in this world, even doesn’t have too many friends as well…” he had a wry smile on the corners of his mouth, “he is a very pitiful guy.”
“Do we need to leave a message to Charming and… Shielding there?” the steward Ken said. About the spy identity of Shielding, actually not that many people really know about it within the Federation, but Charlie Tai and the steward Ken were among the people knew about it.
Charlie Tai fell into meditation, his eyebrows approached together slowly. Because of these two names, he thought of another thing, he would go to watch Jane Sue’s concert, how on earth this news was leaked out? The vice-minister Young committed suicide, the clue on the military that aspect have already broken.
His locked eyebrows got flat and even suddenly, and he said coldly, “no need.”
The office building of the FBI Coastal field service was brightly lit, Shielding smoked three cigarettes in a row in the coffee room, and then he walked to the front of the water tank, patted the cold water on his face, let his gaunt spirit feel a bit better. He pushed open the door and walked to the direction of the identification division. 
For the settlement agreement between the senator Palmer and the anti-government army, the responsible as the bridge and information channel him, in those tens of days before the New Year, the pressure was heavy, he was very busy, and his spirit had been very tired. But that event happened in the first day of the New Year, let the whole field service office have the unprecedented nervousness.
The inside story of this assassination event, not all the federal officials could know it clearly. But after all this evil event happened in the Coastal state, thus the Coastal field service office must take a lot of work.
Actually the works of the Section Four which Shielding was responsible for were not that many, because until now, they still couldn’t find out this event have any relation with the anti-government army in the S2 Region. Their main task was to filter vast information and intelligence before this event, and tried to find out any clues from it.
But the spirit of Shielding was still very poor, because he had been worrying about someone.
“Evidence.” Shielding walked to the outside of the identification department warehouse, said to the staff behind the glass curtain wall, and handed him an evidence requesting table.
The staff scrutinized the signature on the table once, and then checked again the electronic authentication on the internal network for the second time, then stood up slowly and walked to the warehouse.
This staff didn’t know why section chief Shielding would be so interest to this evidence, and he came to ask for it for several times. But this evidence, for that gymnasium case, doesn’t have any significance. It’s just a been reworked military electric thorn, and those real key evidences, as early as three days ago, had already been sent to the verification room of the Capital FBI central office. 
Shielding took over the sealed by the vacuum bag that military electric thorn, said a thank you to that staff calmly, and then walked back to his own office. He locked the door of the office, and then began to stare in a daze at this in the bag somewhat rough appearance, but extremely clever design military electric thorn.
In the files of the Coastal gymnasium case, the existence of Sheilor was covered by some people intentionally or inadvertently, even by Shielding’s level, he still shouldn’t know about that Sheilor had once appeared in the gymnasium.
But Shielding knew about it, because at twelve o’clock of the New Year, he was drinking happily in the pub with Sheilor, at the same time, he heard that the other party said happily, he would go to watch Jane Sue with that prince of the Tai family the day after.
He is Sheilor’s friend, no, but brother. 
So he knew many things about Sheilor, such as Sheilor that intrepid combat strength, and such as Sheilor the interest and talent on the machine maintenance aspect. He stared at that military electric thorn in the bag, confirmed that Sheilor must be involved in this event, and he had played the abnormal important role. Because it’s written very clearly on the record, this military thorn, had already sent the electric arc once, and it appeared in the throat of a militant at the end.
That militant was the special company vice-captain of the Coastal garrison command.
Shielding’s private phone rang, on the other end of the phone came the insipid voice of the Coastal field service office director, “the dean is dead.”
Shielding had his body a stiff slightly, he knew who his teacher talked about was the dean Young, now the Defense vice-minister, but this news had already been on the newspaper, and he didn’t have any connection with that on the high position big shot. At most when he was in the graduation ceremony, once shook hands with the other party. He didn’t know what meaning his teacher made this call specially was. 
“Be carefully recently.” the voice of the director was very calm, “I always feel as if something wrong is happening now.”
Shielding didn’t open his mouth to speak anything, then he hung up the phone directly. Silenced for a moment, he began to dial Sheilor’s phone numbers, but it still was the sound that it’s not available.
It still was the sound that it’s not available.
Charming somewhat lonely put down the phone in his hand, walked to among the pear trees in the pear garden, slanted her head, and looked at those rooms by the iron gate confusedly. She had already not seen Sheilor for several days, and she didn’t know where this guy ran to.
Although she served for senator Medellin, but she didn’t know what happened in the gymnasium at all, she just knew that Sheilor went to watch a concert, and then he disappeared suddenly.
“Couldn’t be captivated by Jane Sue, and then ran to her house to be the flower grower?” Charming had a self-mockery smile, but the worry in her heart was getting heavier and heavier. 
She suddenly thought of the contents written on a gossip newspaper, which she read from that girl student next door couple days ago… a burst of cold wind blew by, her body suddenly felt extremely cold. She suddenly turned her body around and walked to her own room, she wanted to try to find out, what really happened in that day.
Sheilor really was a very lonely people, he had almost lived for twenty years in the Federation, but in the tens of billions huge crowd, only three people cared about his life and death, or his safety. But very unfortunately, at this time he didn’t know about the sincerity revealed from these three friends, because he was still in a coma at this time.
He was dreaming.
In the underground parking lot of the Coastal state gymnasium, in that full of burnt flavor, bloody smell and water wet breath dark gray space, Sheilor fell down in faint, fell down to the ground heavily, then he fell into coma.
Perhaps he used the power in his body excessively, or perhaps that final hot stream in his body caused some damage to that disguise chip in his nape, in short, that kind of severe pain, knocked him down instantly, and let the boundless darkness surround him. 
In the darkness, he didn’t have the concept of feeling and time. Didn’t know since when, suddenly a light flashed in the darkness, came suddenly, and didn’t leave any more, woke him up from the coma, and brought him into a bizarre and illusory dreamland. 
In the dream, there were no green grassland, the running buffalos, the familiar mine, the murky twilight, the concerned faces, there was only the endless white light, turning and moving in the space in front of his eyes with some strange way. 
Sometimes these white lines would connect into a straight light passed through the dead-end; sometimes these white light would break into countless shining fragments; and sometimes these white light would become one spot, surged up the amplitudes to the space around.
In the dream, Sheilor was unknowing and senseless to watch these strange pictures, and then found out that these white light, in the dark background, gradually became a line of characters which he could understand.
“Establishing the initiative contact, whether to accept?”


Chapter 25
Shadow under the splendor of the First Charter

In the underground parking lot of the gymnasium, at that moment between life and death, Sheilor’s will played the most important role, his that already been like no water dry well body, incredibly would burst out the power once again. That share wonderful power source in his abs and back, fiercely started to spurt out his that accumulated for five years, but never have the chance really completely to outbreak energy.
Except he didn’t knew how to use this kind of energy, he just could let this share of energy occupy his every pair of muscle fiver, every cell, rushed up swiftly, and released it out like the electric current.
Perhaps it’s the biological current, or perhaps it’s the more fantastic existence of the super material, but anyhow, as easy as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood, this share of power after help him to kill that militant in front of him, also invaded and attacked his brain nerve by the way, and brought him the unbearable pain.  
The most important thing was, when that share of energy transferred upward along his back, when it passed through that piece of chip which each and every federal citizen had, to the micro-electronics operation of the chip, caused the great interference.
Then it had Sheilor’s coma, and the later on cloud computing error of the Charter Bureau central computer. This kind of situation should never happened in the federal history, just didn’t know whether uncle Fengyu had met such opportunistic situation in those years or not.
Just exactly this kind of extremely rare odd condition of the chip, directly caused the nervousness of the Charter Bureau officials, and that huge central computer kept scanning search and positioning repair.
The Sheilor at this time, is the Sheilor in the dream, is the instinct Sheilor, he doesn’t have happiness or fear, he just stares at that line of white characters in a daze, and he doesn’t know what the meaning of this sentence is.
“Establishing the initiative contact, whether to accept?”
Sheilor didn’t understand what initiative contact is, in this dark space, who he wanted to contact, and he even didn’t know why he would stay in this boundless dark space, even… he had already forgot who he was.
In front of his eyes, that line of characters formed by the white light scattered and disappeared slowly, and then formed with the faster speed again, but it’s getting closer to his field of vision.
“Establishing the initiative contact, whether to accept?”
Sheilor didn’t have any response.
The white characters disappeared once again, and then formed again, and got closer a bit.
“Establishing the initiative contact, whether to accept?”
Sheilor still didn’t have any response, because he didn’t know how to accept, he was just startled to look at those white characters in the dark background. He wanted to open his mouth, but he didn’t know where his mouth was; he wanted to reach out his hand to touch that beautiful and graceful shadow dream, but he didn’t know where his hands were.
That line of white characters was dull and steady to disappear once again, and then formed once again, it seemed to be never tired of it.
This dream took place in Sheilor fell into coma three days later, at that time, he was lying in a strange bed, his body kept twitching, his forehead was boiling hot, and his eyes closed tightly. But he was startled and frustrated to look at those white characters before his eyes in that black dream space, he had no idea what happened outside, and what kind of thing was happening because of him. 
That day, in that quiet building on the Capital suburban, classified according to the event, the Charter Bureau staff were having the monitoring within the federal range. One of the urgent file marked as the sequence three event, was input to the central computer, and listed as the priority processing level.
Almost at the same time, the central computer gave out the operating and positioning result, through the thick partition wall, the staff of the Charter Bureau was satisfied to look at those few pieces of white paper coming out from the terminal output equipment, and look at those names and serial numbers of the people who died in the Coastal gymnasium.
As long as it’s the thing happened not too long ago, once you gave the exact time point and the accurate position, through the chip in the nape of the human being, the central computer can judge the identity represented by the chip accurately; and through the failure time of the chip, tell the person’s death time. Compared with both, then the staffs can give out the death list close to the truth of the matter. 
The splendor of the First Charter covers the whole Federation.
The Charter Bureau is not omnipotent, but the orderly development and harmony of the Federation, couldn’t leave this central computer of the Charter Bureau.
This staff compared the event list faxed from the government with the list in his hand, suddenly found out a strange place. Because that noted red exclusively name on the event list, didn’t appear in the central computer positioning result, that named Sheilor people, still hadn’t been marked the state.
The non first sequence event, in the harsh terms of the First Charter, the central computer Charter Bureau seldom would have the uninterrupted positioning. But in the situation which had already known the name and identity number, the central computer judges a person’s survival state, it’s always a very easy thing.
The expression of this staff became serious, he held the files in his hand, entered the elevator, didn’t know after how long, then the elevator stopped. He walked into the office of the assistant chief, and reported to that behind the desk middle-aged civil official, “there was a problem.”
“Serious?’ the assistant chief of the Charter Bureau didn’t look up at all, just asked calmly. But he thought in his heart that whether the old chief should change his golf to a new one, every afternoon, the chief would have a walk on that piece of lawn, but left these complicated works to him. It’s very hard, but he was also very happy.
“I don’t know whether it should be counted as serious or not?” the staff shrugged his shoulders, handed the files in his hand over and said, “the survival condition of a natural people, the old thing incredibly couldn’t get the answer right away.”
The assistant chief heard the first half of the words, he was shocked to look up, because all the works are conducted according to a quiet standard process in the Charter Bureau, the federal events are separated into twelve sequence levels, how could his this subordinate say the words like “don’t know whether it should be counted as serious or not”. 
But after he heard the second half of the words, this assistant chief frowned slightly and said, “whether the materials are not complete? You must know, the old thing is very old, searching in tens of billions population base, it’s not an easy thing originally.”
That staff didn’t have the good temper to walk to behind the desk, pressed on the light screen button and said, “in the list passed to us, exactly has the record of that man’s serial number, because someone had already checked him before, but the result happened that he is the only one couldn’t be confirmed.”
Obviously, the working atmosphere of the Charter Bureau is far from what the outside people guess, it not only doesn’t have the mysterious and stuffy feeling, but instead, it’s very casual between the classes. 
“What you talked about is that case happened in the Coastal state?” the assistant chief had his face dignified immediately, because he knew that this case was temporary scheduling. It’s regarded as cutting in line, on the one hand, it’s because that case involved the upper level of the Federation, even involved the military, therefore, it’s set as the third sequence event; but more important was, because the party of that case… is that distant relative family of the old director. 
The assistant chief frowned, looked at the kept rolling on the light screen computer statement displays, and silenced for a long time, then he said, “this man called Sheilor… whether he is alive or dead?”
“You ask me, who I supposed to asked?” the staff didn’t have the good temper to backtalk.
The assistant chief was somewhat anxious to touch his that having wrinkles gradually forehead, paused for a moment and then said, “the self-checking program?”
The staff asked a few words softly in the interphones, and then raised his head, shook his head helplessly and said, “the self-checking program was just over, the old thing showed, there is a little logic error in the cloud computing area.” 
He looked at the assistant chief, and asked in a soft voice in doubt, “have we had this kind of situation before?”
“I remember that I heard the old director mentioned it once.” the assistant chief rubbed his temple painfully, and kept searching in his mind to recall, “it seemed that it took six to seven days to repair itself.”
The core area of the Charter Bureau was in one place very deep under the ground, in those years, the designed the underground construction of the Charter Bureau Committee of Five, very proudly announced, in the could be imagined civilization era, no any weapon could destroy the core of the Charter Bureau in a short time.
The core of the Charter Bureau, is that central computer, and also is the old thing in the talk of that Charter Bureau staff.
The history of this computer itself was incomparably far back, only judged from the age, it could become the ancestor of all the people in the Charter Bureau. So in the long dull and boring career, those cheerful character working staffs of the Charter Bureau, would give it a such lovely and kind nickname.
The core area is too deep under the ground, although the air-conditioning system kept playing the role, but that kind of psychological problems, still let most of the people, couldn’t adapt to this kind of atmosphere easily. 
Fortunately, the operation processing and the information collecting of the central computer, never need people to help. In some kind of sense, in the Charter Bureau, from the director to the cleaning aunt, all the working staffs were all working for this central computer, serving for this old thing, and the old was serving for the entire Federation.
There was nobody in the spacious room, the strong and thick physical deaden, separated the display screens on the alloy surface of the central computer, from those busy working staffs. On that in the mid-air 2-D information display screen, kept flashing the wave signals, video signals and audio signals, which were captured by the electronic monitoring network from all over the Federation. The pictures flashed very fast on the screen, and became the beams of data flow.
These light beams or the data flow, sometimes were like a straight line, sometimes were separated into countless fragments, and sometimes burst forth like the water wave on the 2-D information display screen. With the way only itself could understand, to have the integration, combing and retrieving of the data.
The abnormal logic error of the cloud computing area, didn’t interfere the daily work of the federal central computer, it still silently and loyally filtered all the being able to see pictures, and waited calmly for the command and call from the human beings.
No staff noticed, perhaps they had already got used to pay no attention, on this they never could see clear 2-D information display screen, just right at a very small lower corner of the display screen, appeared a line and a line of small light characters descending orderly.
“Citizen number: captured; name: Sheilor; note: federal criminal case… the parties concerned.”
“Warning, the information node abnormal, positioning failed again.”
“Serious warning: zero point zero zero four percent possibility, the citizen Sheilor had the abnormal situation of the information overlap with the serial number. Reply: establish the initiative contact and try positioning. If the target refuse, then establish the observation system, and submit the report to the government to deal with.
The small characters disappeared, and another line of character kept repeating to appear on the display screen of the federal central computer.
“Establishing the initiative contact, whether to accept.”


Chapter 26
In the black dream

That summer of the thirty-seventh Constitution Calendar’ year sixty-five, the most wanted of the Federation, the party concerned judged as the first sequence event by the central computer-- uncle Fengyu became the flying ash under the strike of the West Forest military region Antique Bell. At the same night, his apprentice, his little lackey Sheilor, in the company of a thunderstorm, accompanied with a sound of pain, replaced the chip in the metal bracelet, which was on his wrist, to his nape.
From that moment on, the East Forest orphan Sheilor died, and the Upper Forest discharged young soldier Sheilor was born.
No one knew in this world, just right at that moment when Sheilor replaced the chip, in the distant Capital planet of the Capital Planet Circle, the core area under the incomparably deep ground of the Charter Bureau on the suburb of the Capital District, that federal central computer once had the following response．
“Citizen Number: 420500481 information node disappeared, name: Sheilor, note: federal 4427 plan target 2, death confirmed.”
“Warning: this is the extension of the first sequence event.”
“Serious warning: thirty percent possibility, citizen Sheilor entered into abnormal situation, serial number 72, citizen Sheilor entered into abnormal situation, serial number 72.”
“Reply: independent search, if found it, establish the initiative contact, if target refuses, then establish the observation system, submit a report to the government for reference.”
“Abnormal situation processing program one, over. Processing program one begin to restart.”
Although the federal central computer had just judged the East Forest orphan Sheilor originally, had thirty percent possibility entered into the abnormal situation, but the little porter of the Coastal state Sheilor had the information overlapping with the former, the possibility entered into the abnormal situation was even lower. But this central computer still silently and faithfully implemented the program, through the spread all over countless galaxies the vast network, kept trying to position that had already been damage information node again, and kept trying to establish the initiative contact mode with the other party.
In the records of the central computer, there were totally 72 abnormal situations or suspected abnormal situations in history, all these situations belonged to the first sequence events. In the operation priority level of the central computer, all belonged to the absolute priority.
The splendor of the First Charter tried to spare a little bit, got close to that existed in this world like dust Sheilor. Therefore, those white light character words, began to repeat and repeat constantly, appeared in that having the dark background space, appeared in front of his eyes… but it didn’t get any response, because he couldn’t make any response.
“Establishing the initiative contact. Whether to accept?”
Didn’t know after how long, in that room which was very deep under the ground of the Charter Bureau building, on the lower place of that 2-D display screen, appeared a line of fine light characters.
“The establishment of the initiative contact failed. Determine whether the other party refused.”
Fell into the coma and dream Sheilor, didn’t know that he had already had some kind of contact, with the most advanced technological civilization of the human society. In the dream, he just gazed at that kept disappearing and congealing light characters in front of his eyes. And then he found out that line of light characters disappeared, in an instant, a kind of called lost emotion, began to spread in this space unexpectedly.
The light character disappeared, in fact, it’s exactly the central computer judged that the other party didn’t accept the initiative contact, and began to active the next step program. If it judged that Sheilor refused the initiative contact, according to the abnormal situation handling procedure one, the central computer would establish the observation system. At the same time in the shortest time, it would generate a report, and hand the report to the federal government for reference.
Beyond all question, if the Charter Bureau really had the detailed report about Sheilor, it must would cause a lot of people to doubt. The past history about this disguise identity, all would be dug out. In front of the pervasive state apparatus of the Federation, Sheilor couldn’t play the demobilized soldier perfectly. The real identity of the federal fugitive, would be exposed in the broad daylight, and he would face the severe blow as the subsequent parties concerned of the first sequence event. 
This moment, was the key moment for Sheilor since he escaped. The most dangerous moment, perhaps would be in the next second. The still in the black dream him, would face the ubiquitous hunting and killing, and it was just like the way uncle Fengyu face in those years. 
The program of the central computer had a slight stagnancy for a moment at this moment, and then it gave a most logical judgment which it considered.
“Negative.”
“Begin to start the second type of contact.”
In the coma Sheilor, his nerve of the cerebral cortex didn’t have any abnormal change, the chip behind his nape was judged damaged. And the central computer seemed can by some kind of means, through the chip to sense the change of his brain wave, thus it could confirm Sheilor didn’t refuse its suggestion of the initiative contact. But… for some reasons, the other party couldn’t have the response.
At this time, the central computer judged the target which it kept searching for constantly, was in a complete loss state, and it’s also the common vegetable this word in the human society.
The incomparably advanced wisdom crystallization of the human technology, the extremely developed monitoring way, and the unparalleled mechanical program stretch, finally let this central computer make a mechanical and ridiculous, but also most likely close to the truth judgment.
Had to say, Sheilor’s luck played the most vital role at this moment. And along with the activation of the central computer second type contact program, the more wonderful thing, began to happen on his body.
The countless pictures, began to infuse to his brain through the chip. Although those pictures would have the distortions time to time, and occasionally would be interrupted, but they still kept infusing unshakably, and kept flashing in front of his eyes.
What’s the second type contact?
Nobody knew.
Sheilor was in the black dream, and he couldn’t wake up, he could only watch the endless dark, the black represented the nothingness, represented the death, and represented the nothing. And then he saw a picture, a wearing the white pajamas young lady in the picture, holding a baby in her arms, the young lady had the indubitable concern and love on her face, it seemed that she just wanted to put all his life, on the baby in her arms.
This is the most cherished mother and child affection of the human beings.
Sheilor is an orphan, he lost his parents and his younger sister at an early age, he missed them. But it must be admitted that, the faces of the family members had already been long vague in his mind. He looked at that pair of mother and son on the picture, felt the slight envy, but he didn’t have the reaction too strongly. 
That unknown existence, seemed to sense this point, then the second picture was presented in his eyes. That was a group of children running and playing the football on the grass, it represented the young people and the friendship.
Sheilor didn’t have too many friends, he cherished this, but he didn’t have to much reaction.
In the black dream, those strange pictures were getting more and more, the appearing speed was getting faster and faster. They were full of the whole space, on those pictures had the most spectacular snow mountain of the West Forest planet, the very magnificent red rock of the Upper Forest desert, the dense like stars beautiful lakes on the suburb of Philadelphia, but the most were the let people have the fear and pure feeling endless starry sky. Those existed in the universe for countless billions years stars, seemed that they would exist forever like this.  
In the black dream, it appeared that layer of man-made faint red dust over the East Forest planet, and appeared those visible open pits under the dust. Those pits once had made the great contribution to the human civilization, now they just lay quietly in the green grassland, and looked like the gunshot wounds traces of the planet, had a share of soul-stirring beauty.
Sheilor felt that it’s very familiar with, he felt sour in the heart, but he also had the inimical emotion subconsciously. Along with his emotion, he had the subtle reaction in the cerebral cortex, then the picture changed again in the black dream, it changed to the rare cars, changed to the various delicacies, changed to the emitting small bubbles champagne, changed to the sweet feeling in the amber color spirits…
Countless radiant and enchanting colors appeared in the black dream, those are the women. All kinds of women, wearing the student uniform, having the canine teeth and long ponytail female students, wearing the dress and walking slowly ladies, dressing in the tennis skirts and spreading the youth breath girls…
The mature, sentimental, bright and beautiful, shy, sunshine, tender, wearing the clothes, half-naked, stark-naked, stark-naked and posting the attracting posture… women walked gently and came towards him along with those bright pictures.
The pictures in the black dream included all those aspects which human take as the most significant and desired things, but that still couldn’t let the muddleheaded Sheilor have the too strong reaction.
The rapid influx of the picture data flow, let the whole black dream space begin to be somewhat not so stable, and the countless invisible cracks appeared to be tearing something, Sheilor couldn’t feel his body, but he could feel the unbearable pain, he wanted to cry, wanted to shout, but he didn’t have tears, and couldn’t shout a sound out.
In the black dream, the kept flashing pictures foiled the loneliness of the consciousness more, and besides the loneliness, he still needed to endure such pain. The space was in expansion, it seemed to explode at any time… if not for the consciousness which Sheilor existed in the dream, was as strong and tough as him this person, perhaps he would have gone crazy.
He must thought of something, grasped something. Just at this time, those flashed rapidly pictures, appeared a chip board, the micro welding spots floated the light shine in the black background.
The thought had the move, then the change of the pictures became slower.
Various tools without the shells, those familiar and accompanied with him for many years household appliances, those bare circuit boards, those hard metallic supports, those drawings, and those precise equipments in the operating room, all were revealed in the black space with the picture way.
He stared at a drawing and looked at it carefully, that kind of come from nowhere pain feeling finally relieved a bit, and he felt those lines and frames on the drawing were very familiar.
That’s the M52, the black M52, it’s that military mecha broke the wall and came out in the underground parking lot of the gymnasium!
The thought just had a move, countless internal structure drawings of the mecha flew towards him like the snowflakes from the periphery of the black space, flew into his eyes, flew into his brain, and it seemed that they were glad to find out a thing which could let him dedicated. 
Some drawings he had already seen before, but most of them he never saw them. Those lines and design ideas are so novel, and those designs of the control system were so… beautiful.
Sheilor gazed at all of these in front of him blankly, gradually he thought of something, but also began greedily to look at those pictures, however, the change of the pictures became quicker and quicker, it’s so quick that he could see clearly at all. But the wonderful thing was, these came into the black dream pictures, seemed to exist in his mind…
The influx speed of the picture became faster and faster, the space of the black dream couldn’t support it any more, and broke into countless fragments. That kind of severe pain came back to Sheilor’s mind, along with a humming sound, then he fainted over, he blacked out in the dream.
But he woke up in the reality.
The black dream was broken, the white light came down to the human life, he narrowed his eyes to look at the light sunshine coming in through the window, saw that dressing in the white gauze skirt girl, and saw that share of purple. Then he thought of what happened before he fell into coma, but he judged whether he was still in the dream subconsciously.
If he was not in the dream, then how could he possible see this share of purple.


Chapter 27
The in the sunshine federal idol

This was a clean and bright big room, the color of  the walls all around and the decorations were all very light, from the white to the bud yellow gradually, let people feel very comfortable. There is a small table by the side of the window, under the table, there is a whole fluffy woolen rug. On the woolen rug, there is a dressing in common white gauze skirt girl.
The girl sat down at the table, quietly reading a thick book on the table, the messy purple hair covering her ears, but the glittering and translucent but tender earlobes came out wittily from her that purple hair. The radiant and enchanting sunshine shot in from outside of the window, there was not a grain of dust in the light, it’s so still, just as her face, let her that clear and quiet look delighting even more.
The long eyelashes were quietly on the eyes of the girl, her that like white jade face had the slight blush in the sunshine. The thickness of that book is even thicker than her hand, that made her that pair soft seem like no bone hands, very delicate.
In the afternoon sunshine pure girl, seemed like that she was reading the book, but more like slept soundly. The purple hair hung down from her smooth forehead, like a twine of grape leaves, fondling the sleep girl lightly.
This is a tempting picture.
Sheilor had a crush, he gazed at the sunshine nearby the bedside in a daze, looked at the girl in the sunshine, felt his eyes somewhat dry, and felt his brain somewhat not enough use.
The picture in front of him was such as stationary, yet was so vivid, it’s like that poster which uncle hung in the mine operating room in those years. But this supposed to appear in the poster girl, was mature a bit than she was fourteen years old, but she was still an incomparably charming girl. But the brows and the eyes, that pretty and straight nose tip, and the clearly visible glitter on the auricles in the light, all told him: this is Jane Sue, this is really Jane Sue, this is the alive Jane Sue!
Sheilor wanted to rub his eyes, but found out that a burst of sharp pain came from his right arm, he nearly had a scream, but because he lost voice on the throat, it became a stuffy sound in the throat. He moved his eyes from the window there difficultly, and looked at his body. Then he saw that there were several not knowing function pipes on his body, and he was lying on a white bed, there were the emergency call button and the oxygen access by the side of his hand, it looked like that it’s a hospital bed.
The memories before the coma had all come back his mind, he knew that all these in front of his eyes were not in the dream, although it’s very like a dream.
He didn’t know that he was clearly going to die in the hands of that militant, but how he would survive, and appeared in this Intensive Care Unit. 
Sheilor was a very calm people, from the sunshine cast from the outside of the window, he had already known, he had already left the Coastal state at this time for sure. That raging snowstorm world, shouldn’t have such beautiful sunshine. But the next minute, he couldn’t be so sure, once he was in a coma for half a year, and it had been the summer of the Coastal state?
At that moment of the hopeless situation, who saved him?
Sheilor gaze at that by the window purple hair girl in a daze, he couldn’t understand how Jane Sue came out from the dream, and holding a book by his bedside fell into sleep quietly.
But he survived, this fact made Sheilor feel very relaxed and happy. In his nearly twenty years life, it’s the first time that he was so close to death, and this let him seem to have some new cognition for life.
At this moment, he thought about that strange black dream when he was still in coma just now. But then he threw that strange dream out of his mind, because there was a dream in front of him right now. If that strange dream in the black space was a nightmare, then the present this moving picture would be a sweet dream. A dream  come true.
Woke up from the coma, Sheilor was sober gradually, his brain gradually retrieve the control to the body, and this also meant that his body perception could get into his brain accurately. After a kind of slightly numb feeling, it’s the ubiquitous tight and dry feeling, and then, Sheilor felt the unprecedented pain.
His right leg had the feeling back, the feeling of pain. He felt that his this leg was like the broken pieces glass vessel, and then was assembled together once again, but it was full of the fissures, and every fissure was a pain.
And didn’t know how many wounds exactly left on his body, they all made him feel the pain at the same time. The more horrible thing was, inside his body, behind his nape, every bone, every pair muscle fiber all began to ache. It’s just like after numerous movements, caused the hard to repair damage.
After the stuffy hum, Sheilor stared at the white ceiling, narrowed his eyes habitually to stare at that place closely, and then stared open his eyes a lot. A few drops of cold sweat flew down from his forehead, along with the skin by the ears, and flew onto the pillow.
He was very tough, and his endurance was very strong, he was a stone came from the East Forest, but he still almost couldn’t stand in this kind of pain. He wanted to find a way to shift his feeling in the surrounding environment, it’s just like the agent liked to watch the porn movie when they cut the flesh to take out the bullet, it’s the same reason.
Fortunately, there was a picture good enough to attract Sheilor’s attention completely in the ward at this time, he turned his heck very difficultly, and looked at that purple hair girl at the table by the side of the window.
Sheilor that stuffy hum in the hospital bed, woke up that in the sunshine purple hair girl by the window, her long eyelashes had a shiver slightly. She woke up from the dream, rubbed her eyes, seemed somewhat confused, looked at that thick book in her hand, and stuck out her tongue lovely and had a smile, then she stood up, and had a stretch to her heart’s content in the sunshine.
In the hospital bed Sheilor, watched the sunshine cast through the transparent glass window, through the clean and no dust air, on the body of the white skirt girl, he was in a daze for a moment, and he totally forgot the ubiquitous pains on his body.
The sunshine cast down, through that white skirt on the girl, the material of the white skirt is very thin, in such direct sunlight, didn’t have too much concealing effect. The white dress material seemed like transparent in the sunshine, gently and softly covered on the body of that young girl. Especially from the angle of the lactiferous hospital bed to look over, he could see clearly that like white magnolia body.
In the clear and still light curtain, the girl that tender chest curve was in the wrap of a white boob tube top, the waist and the abdomen were all floating the white light, and it’s very beautiful. 
Sheilor was stunned to watch this scene, and he wanted to close his eyes subconsciously.
Uncle Fengyu once told Sheilor before, if you meet a girl in the boyhood, clearly know that she is very beautiful, but you don’t want to peep on her body at all, and even don’t dare to fantasy those things about sex in the mind, then that will prove that you like her, and it’s also the really like that kind.
The boyhood of Sheilor had already been over, he had already entered the youth. But in the long twenty years, he only had this kind of emotion for two people, one is Charming, and the other one is this purple hair little girl in front of him by now.
For him, Jane Sue was an out of reach dream, he used to cried loudly to want to marry her as his wife, and she was the marriage partner in his inferior heart. But also accompanied with his memory day and night, in the heart of Sheilor, Jane Sue was a complex of many emotions. sometimes, he even thought in self-mockery, actually he took this federal idol as his young sister, because he had a kind of very innate cordial feeling for her, just like he was seeing his family…
So he wanted to close his eyes, he always felt that his eyes peeped at the scene under that white skirt, it’s a kind of disrespect to her.
However, Sheilor had already seen the spring scenery, at this time, he couldn’t take the other party as the cordial relative at all. He knew that he saw the wonderful thing which countless federal men wanted to see, but absolutely couldn’t see… at this moment, the incomparably weak him, felt that he had the strongest stimulation, the lethality was even bigger than all those various, naked and very charming women in the black dream added up!
The dressing in the white skirt, a head of messy purple hair federal idol, in the sunshine in the ward, narrowed her eyes, enjoyed the good sunshine, lips opened slightly, and had a sigh contentedly, this even added some young and ignorant, bright and beautiful aesthetic feeling.
There was a burst light sound in the ward, her eyebrows had a wrinkle slightly, she slanted her head and looked at her white skirt, and said in distress, “the poor accompanied with me for four years dress, how come it would be broken while I just waved my hand?”
“Surely it doesn’t mean that I am getting fat?” her eyebrow peaks raised up, and asked herself pathetically.
“No, you are just growing up.”
Sheilor stared at that young body under the white skirt, how could he think of that his dream little lover, would say such a nonsense words unexpectedly. After he explained the words for the other party in the heart, couldn’t bear the stimulation on the spirit and the pain of the body these double tortures, his eyes felt the black, his head slanted to the side, and simply and neatly blacked out.
Seemed to notice the slight movement on the hospital bed, Jane was in a daze slightly later, then she walked to the bedside. She gazed at that still in coma young man in the bed blankly, looked at the young man that unremarkable face, very naturally thought of that breathtaking scene after the concert, and thought of how sister Torrey and her rescued this guy from the blood.
Looked at the cold sweat on the face of the young wounded, Jane Sue slanted her head a bit, took out a piece of towel from the side of the pillow, and wiped up for him randomly, then threw the towel to aside, and began to stare at Sheilor’s face in a daze.
Just right at this time, the door of the ward was opened. Jane Sue didn’t even need to look back, she also knew that this coming into the ward without her consent, surely would be sister Torrey.
A thirty something years old lady walked into the ward, she saw the scene by the bedside, then she wrinkled up her eyebrows tightly, her eyes were full of disagreement, she looked at Jane Sue and said, “Miss, even you want to avoid the reporters, ready for the spring entrance exam… but I think, you don’t need to run to the hospital every day and stay over here. Moreover, in my opinion, you don’t spend your time in reviewing the lessons.”
Jane Sue had a smile and replied, “the homework should be no problem. The chief executives of the TV station are same boring as the reporters, come to choose it, it seems like that this hospital is the most private place.”
She turned her head around, looked at Sheilor’s face quietly, she also felt some strange in her mind, why she would feel very familiar with him when she saw this guy, the other party had been in a coma, why he always could give her a kind of peaceful… and cordial feeling? It seemed like that she met him somewhere long time ago.
Jane Sue’s eyes slipped over Sheilor that showed outside of the quilt arm, and swept past that metal bracelet, but she didn’t pay too much attention to it.


Chapter 28
The superstar saved me

That called sister Torrey middle-aged woman, was not Jane Sue’s agent. Because the entire Federation all knew, Miss Jane Sue not belonged to any agent company, also didn’t have any famous entertainment agent acted as the background behind her, and she even just only had the cooperative relationship with the TV station.
Jane Sue had a studio especially serving for her, but sister Torrey was also not within the category of this studio. Her eyes glanced at Jane Sue’s body, frowned and said, “I remember that this is the dress four years ago… Miss, for your image, I suggest you that you should donate this dress to the refugees of S2 region.”
Jane Sue spread out her hands helplessly, “it’s already been stretched burst by me, it’s no way to donate it anymore… I was thinking that there will be no one to disturb me in the hospital, then I could have the food reading, relax a bit, and wear the clothes which I am impossible to wear normally.”
Along with her movement, that head of messy purple hair dangled around, it looked very lovely. This federal idol was really a masterpiece character with all kinds of graceful bearings, on the stage is one side, on the TV screen is one side, and on the private is another side, but regardless of which side, Jane Sue is still such a charming girl.
Saw that Jane Sue still sat by the bedside, sister Torrey couldn’t help to heave a sigh, stared at that in the coma young man and said, “the identity of this man has already been checked out.”
Jane Sue made a surprised “Ah” sound. 
“We had already contacted the Tai family. At least Miss you can rest assured, he is not the participant of the assassination event. But I am very curious, the ace of the Fourth Military Region, how would he dress up… and suddenly appeared by the side of the heir of the Tai family.” sister Torrey narrowed her eyes, stared at the in the bed Sheilor, the look was very alert. That share of sharp cold light, exposed her military true identity.
Several days ago in the underground parking lot, she once saw personally this in coma in the hospital bed boy, rushed into the darkness like a defying death wolf, that kind of determined and ruthless, the power and speed within that figure and the showed technique in the end, all declared that this boy is a real killing machine.
But why this killing machine fell into the coma later, besides the painful distorted expression in the nightmare, that ordinary face would only have the calm, peace and plain.
Sister Torrey stared at Sheilor’s face, she just could imagine under this ordinary and honest expression, would hide such ghastly means, this kind of contrast even let her feel some cold, so she was not willing to let Jane Sue appear in this ward, and was more reluctant to let her get so close to that guy. 
Jane Sue completed her first concert of her life in Coastal state, although she is the dream lover of federal countless people, the standard national idol. But just like every young girl, after completed her one certain dream, she would fall into the joyful and excited emotion, then, she decided to do a very bold thing.
Not up to fourteen years old, she had already boarded on the TV screen of the federal Channel 23, caused the long-running case between the Children Rights Protection Fund and the major aspects of the Federation, and got that comment of the federal chief justice. Since the childhood, Jane Sue used to manage her own life, her any decision, no one could stop, including the nominally assigned by the Children Rights Protection Fund sister Torrey, also couldn’t do it.
Jane Sue wanted to stroll in the Coastal state with the identity of the ordinary people, because she had never been to the long history university town. When she was in the Capital District, she often dressed up later, in the company of sister Torrey, took the bus and chatted with the old people, took the subway to pretend to be the ordinary female student. The working staffs of the studio, had already got used to her frequent freakish idea.
And sister Torrey was same as usual, although expressed her strong opposition, but she still couldn’t stop her.
The assistants took the luxury car, in the escort of the police cars which were sent by the Coastal state police headquarters, in the cheering of the enthusiastic crowd of the Coastal state university town, was roaring to leave. But Jane Sue and sister Torrey two people had already had the preparation to dress up, and they just quietly and happily waited in a room quietly.
Until confirmed all the audiences had already left the gymnasium, then they turned to the VIP area from the backstage, along those deserted areas, and walked to that had already got the transportation ready underground parking lot.
Along the way walked to there, only saw the blood and dead bodies, the traces after the gunfight, from distance, they still could hear the sound of open fire faintly. They didn’t dare to take the elevator, but the lights in the stairs kept flashing, and on the white wall, occasionally reflected the blood stains, the scene was abnormally horrible. 
This period of experience, Jane Sue didn’t want to recall any more. She was always living in the spotlight, in the applause and cheers of the federal nationals, she was always cared, when she could see such a horrible scene personally. However, that powerful family name she inherited, at least not let the pale face her, had the legs shook and squat down in the corner of the building at this point, and really played a poor girl.
She was strong and brave to follow behind sister Torrey, walked forward in the guttering gymnasium. At that time, sister Torrey had already informed her subordinate staffs, took out the been hidden in the waist gun. However, this excellent female soldier, didn’t change the route immediately, and brought Miss to flee away from other exist of the gymnasium.
Because she perceived keenly, there seemed to have a team in front to keep clearing away the militants constantly, cleared away the obstacles for their moving forward. She even judged clearly, Miss Jane Sue just had some bad lucks, ran into the federal rare spectacles, and these militants, were not for them.
Had the ability and courage to arrange the assassination in the federal civic area, this kind of force should know it clearly, there was a incomparably great figure behind Jane Sue, and kill Jane Sue, there was no any interest for those forces.
At that time, this sister Torrey even judged it immediately, this assassination should aim at that young man in the VIP balcony. Although this childe of the Tai family never met Miss before, but out of politeness, the other party came to watch the performance at this time, before the concert, he still sent some flowers.
Sister Torrey believed the strength of the Tai family, since the other party opened a way in the front, then this route should be the safest. Other exists of the gymnasium, didn’t know how many risks were hid over.
But she just didn’t think of, the wanted to kill the childe of the Tai family force, incredibly would hide a mecha in the underground parking lot. When the mecha had the full power on, the sound of the main gun launched went up, the lower building of the gymnasium had a burst of shakes, Jane Sue and sister Torrey had already been in the tunnel of the underground parking lot.
The gunfire ended abruptly, it was silent like death.
Their dead ahead was all dark, the door through the parking lot was half opened, it’s full of the blood smell and burnt flavor in the air, and the water on the ceiling splashed down. It was all quiet, didn’t know whether there were any people alive, and didn’t know whether there was still any danger ahead.
“Miss, you wait over here.” sister Torrey had a flicker of cold light flashed across in her eyes, she was ready to open the way forcibly. Jane Sue looked at her worriedly, and dragged her sleeve gently.
Just right at this time, they heard a voice, “don’t come over!”
Then they saw a figure jumped up suddenly, and rushed out of the door. And earlier they didn’t notice at all, under that dead body, there was even a living people incredibly!
Then there were the gunfire ringing up outside of the door, the flame went up, the blue electric arc “Zee Zee” noise sounded up, the miserable howls kept screaming repeatedly. All of these happened in a very short time, and then stopped.
“He was hiding under that dead body, he hid it extremely well, and the position he chose was also very good. If not for worrying our safety, then he wouldn’t have to yell that sound, and exposed his position, put himself in danger.”
In the ward, Jane Sue quietly looked at Sheilor that distorted face in the sleep, thought like this in her heart. Perhaps because of this reason, she felt that she owned the other party something, then she would ask sister Torrey to give a hand, saved this didn’t know identity at all guy. At the same time, she troubled those she always didn’t want to contact relatives, and at the same night, transferred the other party to the general hospital of the First Military Region to have his life saved.
In fact, Jane Sue always didn’t know who this in coma young man was, even didn’t know the other party was whether the security personnel or the militant of the assassination, she was not very clear. She just saved the life of the other party, and regarded it as that she repaid that sound of yelling. Because of the urgent time at that moment, before she knew the exact identity of the other party, she was not willing to hand this wounded very heavy guy, to the hands of the government or the Tai family.
“His name is Sheilor, he is the student of the Pear Garden University, and he happened to come to watch your concert that day with Charlie Tai together.” sister Torrey said quietly, “could sit together with Charlie Tai in the same balcony, it seems like that this guy has the good relation with the Tai family… although I always have the opposition to Miss your that decision at that time, but it seems at present, it’s also not a bad decision. After all, the patriarch always has the good relationship with that lady.”
“I just knew it today, in order to find this boy, the Tai family spent a lot of energy.” sister Torrey frowned and said, “but he clearly was dressing in the military uniform of the Fourth Military Region… this is really confusing.”
“Does the Tai family have any relation with me? As for that what Fourth Military Region, I even don’t know about it.” Jane Sue had a smile gently, “but it would be great to know who this guy really is.”
“I have already informed the Tai family, I believe that before long, they would send some people come to pick him up.” sister Torrey took a look at that in coma in the hospital bed Sheilor, and had a smile slightly, thought in her mind that Miss indeed still didn’t want to hear about any news about the patriarch.
“The second type contact is established successfully.” 
“The information node recaptured successfully.”
“Establish the observation system, and reserve the data reciprocating channel.”
“Report… report… report… the Committee of Five?”
In the Charter Bureau on the suburb of the Capital District, that central computer recorded these statements. 
Out of the expectation of all the working staffs, that so-called cloud computing area mistake, it just took a day to repair it successfully. the very wonderful thing was, in the depths of the Charter Bureau, the federal central computer had the doubt to the setting of this program itself, because the Committee of Five… had already died countless thousands years ago.
The mechanical character level let the splendor of the First Charter appear a gap.
And the chip behind the nape of Sheilor was inside of this gap, the fell into coma in the hospital bed him, didn’t know that he just inexplicably crossed the most dangerous gate in his this fugitive life. He was still having the dreams, having the dreams about the mecha and idol.


Chapter 29
Not keeping anything from each other

“My name is Sheilor.” his voice was a bit hoarse, didn’t know whether he didn’t have the water supplement through the mouth for days, or had the outbreak in the fight in the parking lot too severe and shocked the vocal cords, or… because he saw the federal idol in front of him, felt the nervousness from the bones.
Jane Sue that head of messy purple hair had already been combed very tidy, and braided it very optionally. Just because the hair was too short, the braid seemed very short, flipped up and down behind her head, it seemed very cute, and it appeared much younger than the previous dressing up.
“My name is Jane Sue.” she said to that in the hospital bed young man with a smile.
Sheilor couldn’t help but laugh out loudly, he felt that this answer was very wonderful, there so many imaginations could be in life, but who could think of that Jane Sue would introduce herself personally is Jane Sue? You should know that in the billions of federal citizens, the people didn’t know about Jane Sue this lovely face, were absolutely much less than the people didn’t know about the President Hoove.
The laughter stopped abruptly, because he affected the ubiquitous wounds on his body, Sheilor felt the pains. So it’s Jane Sue’s turn to have a laugh embarrassedly, because she knew it clearly why this called Sheilor guy laughed about, and she also really had not had the self introduction for a long time, except when she was in the Nebula Awards as the prize presentation.
Just didn’t know why, after she heard the self introduction of the other party, then she answered him subconsciously.
After the laughter, it’s the silence. When Sheilor woke up, just happened that sister Torrey left the ward and went to make a phone call, so the first eye he saw, was this purple hair little girl again. This time he could confirm it very much, he was not in the dream, but the other party really appeared in his eyes. He became very nervous, somewhat blindingly to listen to the other party talk about what happened after he fell into coma.
“Enterprise, forward!”
Listened to the words poured out from Jane Sue’s mouth, but Sheilor was thinking of other things. The federal idol said that classic lines in the TV play mouth, would also unexpectedly talk the things about him?
In the slightly embarrassing atmosphere, Jane Sue had the smile on the corners of her mouth, was quite interested to look at this just woke up from the coma young man. Until just now, she always didn’t know about the name and the background of the other party. Because besides the government departments, even the general hospital of the First Military Region, also didn’t have the authority to scan out the file of any citizen.
If just for avoiding the reporters, besides this full of liquid medicine smell hospital, in fact, Jane Sue still had a lot of places which she could go to, but she still would take time to come to the hospital once everyday in these several days. She thought that the other party fell into the hard to predict death of life danger condition for protecting her, and didn’t know why, staying with this young man, her mood would become much calmer.
In the coma this young man, seemed to have a kind of calming the spirit and relieving the insomnia effect. Several days in succession, Jane Sue all would fall into sleep in the sunshine. She occasionally would quietly look at the ordinary face of the other party, because she wanted to confirm the other party wouldn’t wake up, the more she looked, the more she felt familiar with.
However, since the other party had already woke up at this time, of course Jane Sue wouldn’t stare at his face any more. But under that smiling lovely face, she still couldn’t help to recall that day in the dark underground parking lot, that firm and persistent and brave figure, and that later thrilling fight.
In that fight, Sheilor that strong and swift left the deep impression to Jane Sue, although she had seen many the strong of the military, but she always hated those people. But didn’t know why, she didn’t hate Sheilor’s breath.
Sheilor is a people not like to speak too much, unless in the necessary circumstances, he would rather to choose silence, learnt silently, practiced silently, and made move silently. Only in front of the closest people, his words would be a little more, such as in front of uncle, Charming, Shielding, Charlie Tai, Levi…
Especially when facing the idol who only appeared in his dream, he even didn’t know what he supposed to say.
The two should stay extremely distant away young man and woman, sat next to each other in the awkward silence just like this. At this moment, the countless millions KM distance between the East Forest Region mine and the Capital Planet Circle disappeared, even the distance of four minutes and twelve seconds which the information transfer needed also was missing.
Finally, it’s still Sheilor who broke the silence, he looked at Jane Sue that clear and attractive face, said with the hoarse voice very seriously, “thank you for saving my life, in the future, if you have any thing needed me to help, please don’t hesitate to mention.”
This sentence sounded somewhat awkward, it’s much like that kind of underworld tone in the movies. But Sheilor said it out earnestly. Everyone used to charge more good compositions on his own idol, and what’s more, Jane Sue really saved his life, so he said it out very sincerely and very earnestly.
Jane Sue also recognized the sincerity in the words of the other party, after she was slightly in a daze, the light flush floated on her face, it made her look so beautiful to watch, because she always felt that the other party saved her life.
Sheilor didn’t pay attention to this point, but thought of that he had already fallen into coma for that long, in Coastal state those several care about him friends, perhaps they had already worried about him very much, a little anxiety emerged in his forehead.
Jane Sue could tell what he was thinking from his look, so she said with a smile, “whether you want to inform your friends? Rest assured, we have already informed the Tai family.”
Sheilor was somewhat embarrassed to have a smile, his body still couldn’t move, but the smile was still that sincere and honest like the past twenty years, “I want to make a phone call to another friend.”
“Girlfriend?” Jane Sue asked curiously.
“Former…” Sheilor answered with a little bitter, “I am trying to get rid of former this word.”
Holding the not to delicate, but had the metal breath mobile phone, Sheilor didn’t know that this was the latest generation fingerprint touch mobile phone, he just thought of from the slight warmth on the palm, just now Jane Sue opened and handed the mobile phone to him personally, the metal surface of the mobile phone still had the residual warmth of Jane Sue’s fingers remained…
He had a swing on his mind, then he scolded himself couple times in the heart immediately. On the man and woman aspect, he is a very honest guy, at least he thought that he had already had a girlfriend at that time, and the most important thing was… although under the green tree on the suburb of the West River state, he dared to say it loudly that he wanted to marry Jane Sue as his wife, but that was because he thought that Jane Sue would never show up in his life in this lifetime. Once she really showed up in his life, how would he have any neither here nor there endless ambition.
Charming that pleasantly surprised voice came from the other end of the phone, and then was the sound of cry which she was trying to suppress. At that moment, Sheilor didn’t have anyone else in his heart, not even Jane Sue, only that waiting for his news in the Coastal state woman. Yes, she was my woman originally, and a stupid woman who liked me.
And then there was a little of complex emotion in his eyes, because he thought of something else.
After he made a phone call to Charming, then he made a phone call to childe Shielding. While Sheilor was pressing the numbers which he kept firmly in his mind, he was slight frustrated to think, after all, in this world, he just knew only these few close people. Once he really was dead, wouldn’t it be a little too few people crying by the side of the cemetery? Or rather to say, there would be no one to prepare for his funeral?
This kind of feeling is very bad, and the phone call to Shielding was through, but there nobody picked up the phone, Sheilor felt the very bad omen more. He knew about his that rascal official friend very much, he had missed for several days, the other party should have been waiting for his phone.
The door of the ward was opened, that sister Torrey came in, and she took a look at the in the bed staring open the eyes Sheilor in surprise.
“The doctor has already been here, he said that the condition of his injury is too heavy, he needs to speak less, and can’t move neither.” Jane Sue answered for Sheilor with a smile.
Sister Torrey looked at her and said, “the people of the Tai family are here, Miss, do you want to meet them?”
“No need.” Jane Sue stood up, bowed her body slightly and had a ritual to the in the hospital bed Sheilor, “goodbye.” she said.
Sheilor was worrying about Shielding at this time, he replied with a hem subconsciously, and didn’t notice the leave of Jane Sue.
No long later, the door of the ward was pushed open, a large number of wearing the white coat doctors poured in, and the middle that one looked like an official. 
This official walked to the front of the hospital bed, had a deep ritual to the surprised Sheilor, the bow was over ninety degrees, and he said solemnly, “master will come to here tomorrow.”
The state where the general hospital of the First Military Region was in, had the not small time difference from the Coastal state, when the ward over there had the play of the big family meeting at night for the gratitude on, the streets of the Coastal state were just waking up, the to and from every company and government agency people, while they were having the breakfast, they were walking quickly.
Shielding stood by the side of the street, and leaned on the phone booth lazily. He was having the bread which had the lettuce in, the red tomato sauce flowed out from the corners of his mouth like the almost congealed blood. He looked at that kept ringing mobile phone, but he didn’t have the intention to get it through. Until that persistent ring tone ceased after a very long time, then he put the mobile phone back into his jacket pocket, and continued to walk to the direction of the Sophie Street.
The numbers showed on the mobile phone were very strange, although the arrangement of the numbers is very beautiful, just like a music. But Shielding didn’t have the habit to receive the strange phone calls, especially at present this kind of tense moment, any no necessary contact, perhaps would let him fall into the situation beyond redemption.
In the wee hours, the FBI sent the notice to every subordinate departments to withdraw a certain assistant investigation, Shielding inquired once through the internal relationship, confirmed that Sheilor had already been found by the Tai family, and he didn’t have the mortal danger. He didn’t need to worry about Sheilor any longer, and he began to worry about his teacher who had been as the spy for tens of years in the federal government.
The last few days, Shielding always felt that there was an invisible net by his side, it was covering him in the extremely high sky, could fall down at any time, and put him in the net. After his careful observation, he confirmed that at least a few groups of targets were watching on him. Associated to that phone call which his teacher made to him in that day, he knew that the situation was somewhat not going well.
The early morning is the time of the easiest to relax time for the intelligence officers, as an excellent intelligence personnel, Shielding seized the opportunity, got rid of the monitoring of the “colleagues”, and took the risk to go to the Sophie Street.
The field service office of the Coastal state was on the Sophie Street.
Shielding walked through the side lane next to the bureau building, just like a going to work in a hurry white-collar, but then he was stunned to look up, because he found out that some heavy object was falling down from the sky.
After a huge stuffy noise, the car next to him was smashed flat, on the top of the car, that fell down from the high altitude people was already dead. The grey hair showed that his age was not young, and those kept shedding blood, just like the watery ketchup, and looked abnormally disgusting.
Shielding gazed at there blankly, narrowed his eyes slightly, the bread had already been crumbed in his hand, and the ketchup inside flowed out.


Chapter 30
The blizzard of the Coastal state

Fifteen minutes ago in the director office of the Coastal state field service, the grey hair director finished his recording, and then began to have the material destruction work on his computer. 
Several days of uneasiness in succession, after he received a phone call last night, all became the reality. The director left his house, that house had already been put under close surveillance by the federal agents. He was still the same as usual, arrived his office half an hour early, and then began to do the things what he was doing at present. 
His expression was very calm, the wrinkles on his face were like the strip-line tie on his neck, meticulous. Since many years ago, he became a member of the anti-government army, he had already known that his this life, would always end with this way. No matter he was a psychology professor in the First Military Academy, or later transferred to the federal department, he always had this kind of mental preparation.
The director didn’t know, why he would be gazed by the FBI, and the security level of the action which aimed at him must be very high, because Shielding was right in the Section Four, but he didn’t find any abnormal situations… it’s presumable that Shielding also entered the monitored scope.
After destroyed all the call records in the computer, the director opened the safe, somewhat difficult to hunch his body, and took out a pile of paper from the interlayer. There were some codes and passwords recorded on these paper, it’s the foundation of the whole network which he was responsible for. 
In the science and technology extremely developed present, any recorded in the smart tools things, at least all could be repaired partially after the event. Thus the spy ring of the anti-government, always used this kind of primitive recording method very carefully.
Put the paper into the shredder, used the wastebasket to hold those been turned into shreds paper, then the director walked into the bathroom which was attached to the office, covered the smoke and temperature sensor with a wet towel, lit the lighter, and began to burn those mattered with a lot of people lives codes and passwords.
Flushed the ashes into the sewer, then the director breathed out a long sigh of relief. He considered himself lucky, probably wanted to get more information, then the officials of the FBI would leave him the time to cope with the aftermath.
Walked back to the office, the director played that lighter subconsciously with his those thick fingers. This was the gift which Shielding gave him for his fifty years old birthday. He had a breath deeply, took out the mobile phone and took a look at the time on it, confirmed that there were still several minutes from the promissory time with Shielding. That boy should still not enter the coffee shop yet at this time, then he finally put his heart at rest.
His clumsy finger pressed on a button of the mobile phone, the ready in advance recording, after it was encrypted, was uploaded to a temporary file storage place in the network.
The director turned his back, walked to the door and locked the thick door of the office, then walked to the side of the French window, and watched carefully at the getting more pedestrians gradually Sophie Street and that quiet side lane under the window.
Didn’t know what he had seen. He took a pill quietly, and then took out a pistol from the drawer, pulled the trigger at the French window… after “Pa Pa” several loud sounds, the strong windproof French window had several round small holes, only the arrangement was somewhat not that appropriate. The director shrugged his shoulders, thought in his mind, when he had the training in the mountains, he always thought that the marksmanship was not a very important thing, now it seemed that he was wrong.
He was panting to lift that heavy swivel chair, smashed it at the French window, the swivel chair was sprung back, but the window appeared the cracks which made him feel happy.
The sound smashing the door also came from outside of the door at this time.
The director grabbed the mobile phone in his hand again, looked at the full of spider web like cracks French window, and bumped his whole body over!
The door was broken open by the agents forcibly, and at the same time, the director that obese body also broke the window, began to fall down to the very high and very far ground.
The wind roared. In the air, the director saw those having the breakfast subordinates downstairs, he couldn’t help to have a smile, and then he died.
There were the screams and miserable shouts on the cross of the Sophie Street and the side lane. Early in the morning, whoever witnessed such a tragedy, saw that deformed dead body, the jet out blood and pulp things, all would be sick and scared speechlessly.
Shielding was holding the sandwich bread in his hand, didn’t catch any attention to walk into the crowd. He stared at the grey hair of the director on the top of the car, his face turned somewhat pale suddenly, it’s almost the same as the look of the people by his side.
Not far away from the car, on the snow ground, there was a slammed into pieces and hard to be put together in a short time mobile phone.
The snow is white and the blood is red. Shielding stared his eyes roundly, seemed that he couldn’t stand the stimulation of this kind of strong contrast, then he had a blink.
Today the blizzard had already stopped in the Coastal state, but people still used to wear the with cap dust coat, he was also no exceptional. He was like a pedestrian scared by the terrified and disgusting scene, lifted the snow cap to cover his face, walked slightly quicker but not too fast to pass through the front gate of the bureau building, and walked to the distance.
Not long after he left, seven or eight came from the Capital FBI agents rushed out of the building, and rushed to the front of that car, began to call something in the talker nervously.
“All the signs indicated that you haven’t been exposed yet, or you still haven’t been caught by the government. All my contact tools have been monitored, so I can only communicate with you in this final method.”
“I have contacted with the vice minister Jason Young of the Defense Department, wanted to use the colleague friendship of those years, tried to get some information from him. But not long ago, he died, and I also seems to be exposed.”
“I asked myself, the contact with vice minister Young, always was kept within the category of as the dean of the First Military Academy and a professor, and he even is a top anti Green Mountain soldier. So I don’t understand, why his death, would let me exposed.”
“The death of Jason Young, should relate with the Coastal gymnasium event, if the men of intention want to associate that event with the organization, then the connection between Jason Young and me should be the best way.”
“You are the closest people who contacted with me, and you know about Sheilor, so you should also be a ring of this plan.”
“I confirmed, there is a traitor in the upper level of the organization. From now on, nobody you should trust in, besides He. If you were exposed, you can try to go to the Harbor city to find a man, the address of that man is in…”
By the side of a quiet street in the Coastal state, under the frost resisting birch tree, in a small covered by the snow telephone booth, Shielding listened carefully to the last words which his teacher left to him, fell in silence, and his eyes became moisturizing.
Walked out of the telephone booth, he raised that been cold sandwich bread in his hand and gnawed one bite, the sweet and sour ketchup made his stomach a twitch, and almost made him to spit it out. He threw the bread into the dustbin, and then waved fro a cab.
Tens of minutes later, the taxi drove by the Coastal field service building, Shielding looked that strange quiet of that floor which the Section Four located, and his that pair of beautiful eyes narrowed gradually.
He said to the driver with a smile, “big bro, if you drive me to Upper Field, how much will it be?”  
A row of cars stop on the tarmac of the Coastal state airport, the dressed in a brown dust coat Charlie Tai, walked out from a brand new no sign black car, his face was pale same as usual, stared at that document in his hand, and he got some angry flush gradually in the pale. He finished reading this document in a hurry in the black car, but it destroyed his calm successfully.
Charlie Tai threw that document onto the snow ground testily, and said to the by his side steward Ken, “what a complete nonsense thing! Jason Young, a director of a bureau, and then it’s Shielding… what that group of government trash really want to do? Don’t they want to tell me, those soldiers in the assassination, got the intelligence from the hand of Shielding?”
The steward Ken followed his steps and walked quickly forward, and whispered in his ear, “the evidence is conclusive, the FBI checked that the call detail record between the vice minister Young and that director was too frequent, although it hasn’t involved the part about the gymnasium event, but who knows whether they have other contact methods between them?”
Charlie Tai stopped his footsteps suddenly, and he looked at the steward Ken and said, “this is the so-called evidence which you believe?”
The steward Ken silenced for a moment and then shook his head, “the vice minister Young, the director, Shielding, and Sheilor… all of these really could point to some kind of possibility, but the problem is that this evidence chain is not too strong.”
“It’s not just not too strong, there is no evidence at all, where the chain comes from?” some rare taunt smile floated on the mouth corners of Charlie Tai, “some people just left no stone unturned, and wanted to relate this event with the anti-government army.”
“Now the evidence at least proved, that once served as the professor of the First Military Academy director, he was the teacher of Shielding when he was in the First Military Academy, and these two people… are all the spies of the anti-government army.”
“We have already known it very long time ago, Shielding is the people of the anti-government army.” Charlie Tai looked at the steward Ken calmly, “and the government didn’t know about it, under the circumstance, the problem must be on that director, some people know about his identity, and it happened that he also could connect Jason Young those tough soldiers with Shielding, Sheilor and me.”
“I don’t care about whether there are some problems inside of the anti-government army.” Charlie Tai stared at the steward Ken and said, “I just know that some people are trying to use the fact which I almost died, stirring some turbulences up.”
“I don’t allow anyone to destroy the agreement reached between Mr. Palmer and the Green Mountain.” Charlie Tai emphasized his tone, “I even don’t want those FBI wolfhounds, put the doubtful eyes on my friend Sheilor… Shielding can’t die, at least not now. Since the Federation has already begun to list him as wanted, you find some ways, and give him some helps.”
“The things we can do in this respect are very little.” the steward Ken insisted his own judgment, “and the federal government is only responsible for giving a logical answer out, once madam couldn’t question the rationality of the result, then we can only accept it.”
“The twelve agents of the Secret Service, also until that day, then knew about master your destination, even that enemy agent among them could send out the information, that also couldn’t let those militants have the preparation half a night in advance.”
The steward Ken continued to say calmly, “the internal checking of the family also was over, there is no any doubt. Now it seems, the only doubtful point, it should be that Mr. Sheilor possibly told his whereabouts to his friends… I am very sorry, I didn’t give the special instruction to Mr. Sheilor about this matter beforehand, and made a mistake.”
Charlie Tai slightly wrinkled his eyebrows a bit, silenced for a long time and said, “it couldn’t be Shielding, no matter how the anti-government wants me to die, it’s also impossible to be at this time… just like that I have the infinite hope that they would all disappear, but also will not urge the Federation to send the troops to Green Mountain at this moment.”
In the snow and wind stirred up by the air stream of the plane, Charlie Tai tightened the scarf on his neck a bit, walked onto the gangway, stepped onto the journey to visit Sheilor, and said the last word.
“Although Sheilor doesn’t have too many friends, but he has not only Shielding one person.”


Chapter 31
The angel in the eyes

The black private commercial jet of the Tai family, piloted off the runway with the snow, rose to cloudy sky, and disappeared in the horizon not long later, flew to the general hospital of the federal First Military Region, which is located on the southwest area of the Capital District.
On the parking apron, those working staffs of the Tai family saw their master and their direct commanding officers off, then they breathed out a sigh of relief in succession. 
The first day of the New Year, the master had already encountered the assassination, the later continuous tense atmosphere, finally along with the leaving of this plane, became a bit more relaxed.
A middle-aged female working staff, at this moment, then dared to come forward, and bent over her body, began to pick up from the ground those several document paper, which were thrown down by the angry Charlie Tai. Charlie Tai had his reason and qualification to get angry, but these working staffs couldn’t let these internal materials have the possibility to be flowed out.
Sheilor had already been in the hospital for too many days, although he was still weak, but he didn’t have any sleepiness.
The TV in the room was turned on, it was broadcasting the advertising. He felt somewhat bored, he still couldn’t contact with Shielding, and Charming also couldn’t come over to here, the people of the Tai family were outside of the ward at this time, nobody would come in to disturb his rest.
He picked up couple paper by the side of his waist, and began to read, but who knew that just in one glance, then he couldn’t move his eyes away anymore.
This was the thing which Miss Jane Sue left in the ward unintentionally, it looked like that those examination questions should be the simulation exercises for the university entrance.
Sheilor calculated the age in his mind, Jane Sue should be just seventeen years old today, and it was also the ending time of the federal general education… but he just could never think of, the federal national idol incredibly would be also same as the normal people, had the hard review, and then attended the university entrance exam. With Jane Sue’s present popularity and the wealth she owned, that should be good enough for her to live the rest of her life happily and leisurely?
Although Sheilor didn’t take part in the entrance exam, but he had also prepared a very long time for the petty officer exam of the Defense Department at the beginning. He could tell it very easily, this is a set of comprehensive exam paper. 
For the things about the political, economic, history and so on, Sheilor only had read a lot of materials in the library. He didn’t have the systematical learning, so he also didn’t know whether the answers for those questions were right or not…
But he was very good at the mathematics and the practical physics, he read the exercises and questions one by one on the paper. He was slightly surprised to find out, unexpectedly, Jane Sue’s answers didn’t have anyone wrong, the more important thing was, those solving process and train of thought, which were written by the side of the questions, were so clear. 
Turned to the last page of the test paper, Sheilor was somewhat shocked to scratch his head with his left hand, and he then knew, what Jane Sue was ready to apply for should be the command department of the First Military Academy.
However, there was still a paper under the test paper, there were some structure and power drawings, it looked like that it should be the power supply and power transmission drawing for a certain large equipment. The topic requested the participant to find out several mistakes on this power design, and tried to give the better solution to this design, which could let the power output improve more than three percent.  
It’s blank under the topic. Sheilor looked at this question, his professional habit began to play again, and he began to have all kinds of virtual pipelines reset in his mind seriously.
The fascinated Sheilor, didn’t hear the intensive footsteps earlier, until Charlie Tai pushed the door open, then he saw his arrival. The steward took over the coat which Charlie Tai took off, very sincere but full of grateful to give a ritual to the in the hospital bed Sheilor, and then backed out of the ward, closed the door, left the space to these two just had the adversity together young men.
“All my body only the left arm still can move.” Sheilor was somewhat difficult to turn his head, took a look at Charlie Tai, and said with a smile. In the attack of a military mecha, Sheilor not only survived, but also saw the guy who he saved was in good condition as well, he felt the joy in his heart.
Charlie looked at the in the hospital bed Sheilor calmly, didn’t know what he was thinking in the heart. After a moment, he opened his mouth and said suddenly, “saying thank you is really a vulgar thing… but this thanks always still need to be said, thank you.”
Sheilor had a smile, but he didn’t say anything.
“But your luck is really not bad, unexpectedly in that kind of hopeless situation, you were saved by Jane Sue.” Charlie Tai said with a smile, “since she is your idol, didn’t you ask her for a signature or something?”
Sheilor was in a daze for a moment, and then he said with the regret slightly, “how could I forget about this thing?”
Arrived the general hospital on the southwest area of the Capital District directly, Charlie Tai had not had the rest, the long flight, let his face get pale a bit more. In the persuasion of Sheilor, Charlie Tai left the ward. It’s presumably that the hospital had already arranged the room for him to rest. 
The ward became quiet again. Sheilor looked at the ceiling quietly, couldn’t help to have a wry smile. He thought, Charlie Tai that little body looked worse than the seriously wounded him, exactly who was visiting the patient?
But he also knew it clearly, with the status of Charlie Tai, when he knew about his whereabouts, arrived here at the first time, of course it’s not only just for visiting him. The more reasons, it’s some kind of attitude which the other party wanted to express to him. Although that kind of attitude was unspoken generally, but it should be similar to that kind of gratitude in the movies, he would pay him back in the future and so on.
But the thing made Sheilor feel more complex was, from the mouth of Charlie Tai, he had a rough idea of the truth of the assassination happened in the Coastal gymnasium. Although Charlie Tai didn’t speak it out fully, but he also knew it clearly, this event might be relevant to the federal military… the Tai family seemed to be in favor of the senator Palmer.
At this time, Sheilor didn’t know at all, this time the senator Palmer could go to the Green Mountain, actually had the great relation with him, all of this shock, originally started from the dancing party of the Bi-Moons festival.
The ward was quiet once again, Sheilor closed his eyes and rested for a while, but he couldn’t fall into sleep anyway, so he turned up the sound of the TV. 
At this time, the ceaseless advertising on the federal news channel finally was over, that once showed up on the New Year’s eve, reported that good news to the entire federal citizens new anchor, showed up in th elight screen once again.
The new anchor had the calm expression, and had the slightly fast pacing to report, “today, after attended a large radio astronomy center completed ceremony in the Capital state, the senator Medellin issued a statement.”
The government administration hall building of the Capital state appeared in the picture, in front of the building, a grey hair and in simple dress old man was saying something in front of the news platform. And by his side, it’s an about forty years old, had the deep eyes, and looked very enterprising officer. 
Sheilor looked at the screen, thought that this old man… was the senator Medellin who Charming was serving for? Somehow, a share of animosity feeling emerged out from his heart. Although he always tended to the four state surrounding the mountains and the anti-government army in the mountains emotionally, and also knew that the senator Medellin held the non-violence principle, greatly promoted the reconciliation between the both parties in the Federation. But once he thought of Charming, Sheilor would wrinkle up his eyebrows.
Through the introduction of the voice-over, Sheilor then knew that the mighty middle-aged officer by the side of the senator Medellin, was the governor of the Capital state. didn’t know for what reason, this sir governor would issue this announcement with the senator Medellin together, and expressed his support attitude very clearly.
The senator Medellin pointed it out faintly in the announcement, in the present Federation, it looked like that it’s very peaceful, but actually there was a undercurrent in the surging, and some of the hawks in the military, were trying to interfere, or had already interfered, the peace process between the federal government and the four states surrounding the mountains. 
The senator Medellin strongly condemned these behaviors, and expressed strongly, the senator Palmer just reached the preliminary settlement agreement with the anti-government army of the Green Mountain. At the moment when the sir senator was going to return to the Capital District, any contemptible and dirty means, all would be interpreted as, the challenge to the collective will of all the peace-loving federal citizens.
And then, the governor of the Capital state also released his announcement, he greatly praised the conscience of the senator Medellin and the senator Palmer these politicians, and criticized the shameless behavior of some people in the federal government.
Sheilor didn’t know what kind of person of this governor of the Capital state, the class he was in from a child, all the information he could access, couldn’t let him judge what problem appeared in the political upper level from a news, but he still felt some strange.
He is not a stupid people, even you can say that he is a very smart man. He wrinkled his eyebrows gradually, associated with the assassination which happened in the gymnasium, and then associated with many, many things.
He shouldn’t get more information from Charlie Tai there. Sheilor silenced for a moment, took out the mobile phone which the working staffs of the Tai family prepared for him, and dialed Shielding’s phone number. But this time, not only nobody answered the phone, but also there came the turnoff voice.
Sheilor’s mood began to be not tranquil, he felt that something was happening, and it’s not a good thing. He didn’t understand himself this a little potato, why would be involved in these kinds of things, and he just hoped that it wouldn’t have any relationship with the disguise chip which was in his nape.
A burst of pain pulled him back from the thinking, he frowned and didn’t make a hum. Although the bones of the right thigh were all broken, and there were several gunshot wounds on his body, these all not the ordinary people could bear, but he is not an ordinary people.
No the ordinary people, of course he wouldn’t have the self-abuse thinking, he used the fingers of the left hand to slowly push the control switch of the electronic anesthesia pump. 
Sheilor was lying on the bed, waiting for the arrival of the drowsiness. Just right at the moment when he was waiting, subconsciously he picked up that last page of Jane Sue’s test paper once again, wanted to solve the problem, to disperse his attention and help himself to get into sleep.
The effect of the medicine appeared slowly, Sheilor felt that his eyelids were getting heavier and heavier, and the drawing on that paper was getting more and more fuzzy as well, one drawing became two, sometimes overlapped, sometimes separated, and wafted around.
Why the drawing in front of his eyes looked different… from that drawing on the paper? Sheilor had a flicker of doubt flashed in his mind, that drawing closer to his eyes, seemed that somewhere had been changed… well, the change seemed very reasonable on here, but the change made no any sense over there, there shouldn’t be no reason to put this transistor in this line…
Sheilor suddenly discovered the strange, suddenly he had the cold sweat on his forehead, the fingers of left hand trembled slightly, and reached to the control switch of the electronic anesthesia pump.


Chapter 32
The epileptic

The efficacy of the medicine was receding gradually, Sheilor finally no longer felt the murky and the tiredness which was like the after drunk. He stared at that white paper, the facial expression was extremely careful and nervous. 
Didn’t know how long later, he had already been able to clearly feel the sharp pain coming from the thigh, but he still couldn’t get rid of the in front of his eyes “phantom”-- that piece of was so close and took over one fifth of his view structure chart!
The lines were so clear on the drawing, it’s not like the supernatural phenomenon appeared in the sky. The more strange thing was, Sheilor looked at it for a long time, he had already confirmed, some designs on this structure chart, just exactly could help him to solve that question which Jane Sue left behind. 
Although if you gave Sheilor some reference materials or books, in a little more than ten minutes, he would believe that he also could find out the mistakes originally on the question, and boosted the power output to the requested level which the question asked for… but it wouldn’t be so absolutely intuitive, so simple, and so incredible… like right now.  
Where this structure chart came from? Why it would appear in front of his eyes? If for the ordinary people, perhaps he had already gone crazy, but the nerve of Sheilor really was much thicker than the ordinary people. In that strange and had already been thrown out of his mind black dream, he didn’t go crazy, of course he wouldn’t go crazy at this time.
He was quiet, steady and stubborn to stare at the chart in the air in front of his eyes. After a long time, he reached out his hand and had a wave in front of his eyes, while he was waving his palm, he was moving it close to his eyes. Until his hand almost touch his eyelashes, that chart still didn’t have any fluctuation, and also didn’t disappeared.
Through this movement, he finally confirmed that one thing: this strange power structure chart, not the appeared in the air light beam composition, but it really appeared in his eyes!
In his eyes, incredibly would appear a drawing!
No matter how strong Sheilor’s nerve was, at this moment, he also could help but felt the brain have the humming sound, and he was somewhat in a daze.
This is the illusion or something else? Could it be said that when he was in the coma, that strange secret in his body was found out by the hospital? So they took he as the human lab mice, and put a miniature display screen on his retinas?
All kinds of strange thoughts flowed into Sheilor’s mind, because what he was facing was the strangest fact at that time.
The was serious blood loss him, the face was getting paler at this time. He lay in the hospital bed, silenced for a long time, then he threw down the test paper in his hand, and began to blink, close the eyes and rub the eyes ceaselessly, wanted to blow off, turn off or rub off that drawing from his eyes…
Didn’t know how long later, he finally was frustrated to give up this kind of attempt, dejected and feebly to slant his head, and didn’t want to think about this problem. It’s not that he didn’t want to think about it, but he somewhat didn’t dare to think about it. 
Any normal people, after found out that there is something shouldn’t be had in his eyes incredibly, would feel losing his head. Although Sheilor had the very strange power in his body, but after all that still was the thing could be captured faintly. Not like at this time, he really worried about that he would become a what machine monster.
The very wonderful thing was, didn’t know whether the reason that he didn’t want to think about that structure chart, or the reason that he closed his eyes for too long, that had been appeared in his eyes, even closed his eyes still would appear structure chart, unexpectedly… disappeared!
Sheilor was shocked once again, this time he didn’t dare to open his eyes, just tried to calm down his own breathing, and waited carefully.
After a moment, he confirmed that the appeared in his eyes structure chart really disappeared. Then he slightly breathed out a sigh of relief, and wiped the cold sweat off from his forehead, but he still couldn’t understand what happened earlier.
Sheilor’s face got a little bit better. He lay in the hospital bed silently, looked at that snow-white ceiling, and didn’t know what he was thinking about. The news was still broadcasting on the TV, but his heart had already got messy.
Didn’t know after how long, he cleared his thoughts, confirmed the condition of his body, then had a bite on the teeth, and narrowed his that pair of eyes, just like a brave and sturdy soldier, picked up that piece of test paper once again, the structure chart of that topic showed in his eyes once again.
Couldn’t make it clear whether it’s the illusion or something else the thing just now, Sheilor was somewhat involuntarily. When he once had the interest in something, then he would dig into it to the end, he always is this kind of guy. Just in the past years, he always studied the machine, but he was studying his this pair of eyes at this time.
In a room not far away from his ward, the should be resting Charlie Tai, was looking at the TV screen quietly at this time. He didn’t think of, he would be incredibly through the news, then knew about such an important intelligence, he wrinkled his eyebrows slightly.
“the great compromise?” a flicker of satire floated on the corners of his mouth.
The Capital state is the biggest state of the S1 Region, especially the state capital Harbor city, also in many years, is the biggest city of the Federation without controversy.
The Capital state is the most economically developed area of the Federation, because the S1 Region is under the jurisdiction of the federal government directly, it doesn’t have the chief executive of the administrative region, so the governor of the Capital state, this had the numerous economic resources in hand big state governor, faintly became the highest rank chief executive of the S1 Region. In the historical tradition, the position, which the governor of the Capital state has in the Federation, also is just half level lower than the chief executives of every galaxy administrative region.
Of course, this is under the premise of not counting those big shots of the Capital District.
The thing made Charlie Tai more vigilant was, he knew it clearly, the cooperative partners of the governor Ross were which families of the seven big families. Why this kind of person would come to the front stage suddenly, and echoed each other with the senator Medellin? What this governor, or rather, those families behind him really want to do?
“He is taking the advantage of this event.” the standing by his side steward Ken heaved a sigh with slight anxiety and said, “it looks like that the governor Ross has determined to participate in the presidential election at the end of the year.”
“Only one year of time, there’s still time for him?” Charlie Tai understood the truth of this matter immediately, he frowned and asked.
“The present entire Federation, because the senator Palmer brought back the New Year’s gift, are in the high spirits and are jumping for joy. If the general election were held at this time, then the senator Palmer could be elected as the President directly.” the steward Ken analyzed in a soft voice, “the original presidential candidates, because the tough policies which they had been setting forth, couldn’t make any turn, in the current public opinion environment, basically have already lost before the war.”
“Under the circumstances, they can only push out a clean, never issued any opinion about this matter, and has a certain qualification and popularity guy.” the steward Ken continued to say, “the governor of the Capital state Ross, there is no doubt that he is the best object. This sir governor is always circumspect, he never expressed any extreme speech… and now it seems, from a long time ago, he has already had the great interest in President that position.”
“The key is still on Medellin…” Charlie Tai quietly looked at that grey hair old man on the screen, and said in a soft voice, “if the other party really made a risky move, after Ross announced that he would run in the election, and nominated Medellin as the candidate of the vice President…”
“Medellin was just elected as the federal senator, and after all, he came out of from the four states surrounding the mountains, he still sit in on the committee of the anti-government army until now… would those families have such a great boldness?”
“The boldness is forced out.” Charlie Tai lowered his head, said with some tiredness, “The one pushed out by us and the Green Mountain, weaved the political environment of the great compromise successfully. in this presidential election, anyone who wants to participate in, must try hard in this kind of political environment… and the one could compete with the senator Palmer, and make an issue in “the great compromise” these three words, would only be this Medellin. The story of Medellin, if it were made publicity by those people, would be another legend.” 
Charlie Tai warped up the corners of his mouth slightly, and said with a taunt slightly, “an old guy of the anti-government army, would become the vice President of the Federation, what kind of situation, compared with this kind of arrangement, would reflect the federal great compromise more?”
Just right at this time, outside of the excellent sound insulation door, a burst of footsteps came in faintly. Charlie Tai’s thinking was interrupted, he wrinkled his eyebrows slightly. The steward Ken pushed open the door and took a look, the he looked back and said in a soft voice, “it seems like that there is something happened over Sheilor there.”
Charlie Tai was in a daze slightly, thought that when he just came in the hospital, the president of the hospital had already guaranteed to him, Sheilor hadn’t  had any big problem any more, but he was wounded too seriously, it would take a long time for him to recover. How come it was just several hours later, he would have the problem again? He felt the nervousness in the mind slightly, put on a pajamas, and walked toward Sheilor’s room. 
In Sheilor’s ward at this time, there were several experts of the general hospital, all kinds of equipment also had already been moved to here. 
This patient was sent to the hospital by Miss Jane Sue personally first, and then a young big shot came to visit him. Although in the general hospital of the First Military Region, beside the president himself, nobody knew the background of Jane Sue and the true identity of Charlie Tai, but when the call sounded from Sheilor’s ward, the medical care personnel of the whole floor were in tension.
“Besides the lines, have you seen anything else?” a gentle voice of an expert came out from the ward.
“No.” answered him obviously was the Sheilor that seemed slightly tired and frustrated voice.
When Sheilor stared at that question once again, that strange structure chart appeared in his eyes once again. The second time appearance, let him confirmed that this was not the illusion, but the thing really happened. So he pushed on the emergency call button. 
Although he knew that he had some couldn’t be shown secrets in his body, but facing such a strange situation, he still would be willing to believe the doctors. He was very careful to not tell what he saw was a structure chart, but said that was some very disciplinary but very complicated lines instead.
“How many times this phenomenon appeared?”
“Twice.”
An expert walked out of the ward, saw the dressed in the pajamas Charlie Tai, before the other party asked, he said, “according to the preliminary judgment, he should have the illusion.”
“Is it serious?” Charlie Tai asked with some worry. If Sheilor had some lifetime after-effects for saving his life, he would feel very bad for that.
“It shouldn’t be very serious. About twelve percent of the patients, after the long-term coma, would have this kind of symptom.”
The early morning after that day, the test data of all kinds of instruments, were combined into the final diagnosis result. An expert walked into the ward with the solemn expression, and he said to the pale face Sheilor, “young man, you should have the mental preparation.”
Sheilor didn’t look at that piece of test paper again for a whole night, forced himself to have a sleep in the effect of the anesthesia pump. Up until now, he looked at the doctor and said with a smile narrowly, “Please speak.”
“There are many reasons to form the visual hallucination, but yesterday after you fell into sleep, the medical observation we had, found the abnormal discharge phenomenon existed in a certain area of your brain. It now appears, it’s exactly this kind of discharge phenomenon which caused visual hallucination. Said it more accurately, those lines what you have seen in the eyes, not really appeared in your eyes, but there are some abnormal electric wave movements in the relative area of your brain.” 
Sheilor was in a daze to listen, but he didn’t pay attention to what the doctor in the later, he opened his mouth and asked, “what kind of disease is this then?”
“The epilepsy.” the doctor said with the extremely affirmative tone.


Chapter 33
The diagnosis and treatment

Heard “the epilepsy” these two words, Sheilor’s face got all pale immediately.
He didn’t know the specific cause of the epilepsy or the abstruse medical principle, but he also knew that this disease was the convulsions what the common people often said. 
No matter what a optimistic, cheerful and positive young man, once he knew that he had this kind of disease, it’s afraid of only one thing that he would write “pessimism” this word on his forehead instantaneously…
Getting sick is not a horrible thing, even having the incurable disease, or broke a leg and had to play the broken in body but firm in spirit… still wouldn’t knock down the malicious and persevering like a stone Sheilor.
But this may twitch all over at any time, had the mouthful foam and crooked face disease, let him feel some chill. Having the liver cancer and died holding the abdomen, enjoying the as big as the soybeans sweat on the forehead, that still could be counted as dying heroic, and dying natural and unrestrained. But if he would always worry about that he would become a fool, keep twitching on the floor ceaselessly, even he could live like a normal people… this kind of living style, it’s a bit too not so beautiful.
“Are you sure what I got is… epilepsy?” Sheilor said with the expecting expression, looked at the special doctor by the bedside, and asked with the hoarse voice.
“The possibility is very great, at least over ninety percent.” didn’t know how many patients that specialist had already seen, of course he wouldn’t took epilepsy this kind of disease in his mind, and he said calmly, “last night, after you fell into sleep, the EEG(electroencephalogram) display and the electrode return signal all confirmed…  in you brain this area, every other period of time, the neurons would have the phenomenon of abnormal discharge.”
The specialist pointed at a certain area of the brain imaging, and said very seriously, “the brain cortex pyramidal cells of the normal people have the discharge speed under ten times per seconds. But the result we detected last night, the neurons discharge speed of the area was often over one hundred times in your brain, and the peak number, even reached five hundred and sixty-six times per second.”
“Therefore, we judged that this area is the nidus.”
Sheilor was still not reconciled to ask, “couldn’t it be any disease else, which would cause the abnormal discharge of the brain neurons? Such like stimulated by something, or such like after the long-term coma, those neurons have just woken up in the brain, and somewhat could adapt to it?”
Actually when he heard neurons these nouns, although Sheilor was somewhat unfamiliar with, but he thought of those strange power in his body in the heart, and couldn’t help but concerned secretly.
“Of course there are other reasons which could cause the abnormal discharge of the cortical neurons. But according to our analysis, the epilepsy should be the most likely reason.” the specialist heard the words of Sheilor, couldn’t help but had a smile, and he thought that this patient really could find himself some strange reasons.
He emphasized his tone and said, “especially the monitoring of the the after midnight showed, when you got into the deep sleep… along with the abnormal discharge of the brain, the entire muscles of your body also began to have the intermittent spasm.”
“But you don’t need to worry too much, according to the result of the checking and the amplitude of your spasm, this shouldn’t be the primary epilepsy, so the danger is not that big. If your could adjust your own life and emotion, perhaps you wouldn’t have it recurred… of course, even if it recurred, as long as you have somebody around by your side, and don’t sleep the bed too high, there shouldn’t be any danger as well.”
“Most of the epilepsy patients would have some small troubles in life. But at least from the current statistical data to see, there shouldn’t be any affection to the life of epilepsy patients.”
“No need to have the surgery?”
“No need, unless you want to take the risk to become a fool, and help our hospital earn a large sum of the federal civil medical fund.”
In the quiet ward, the only could move left hand touched his own head subconsciously. It’s hard for him to believe, his brain would be damaged incredibly. Could it be said that it’s the after-effect of the fight in the underground parking lot? The shock back force of the mecha intrepid body let his brain suffer the injury? Or…
He suddenly thought of that last moment before the coma, the severe pain brought by that share of arcane power in his body, especially that strand of like current feeling, passed through his nape, and became countless thin needles, kept piercing his head…
No need to have the surgery, only need to have the drug adjuvant therapy, the key would be resting fully, adjusting the mentality and keeping the optimistic mood. The doctor was very casual to instruct, actually it’s the biggest comfort to the patient. Of course, if Sheilor had the incorrigible incurable disease, probably the doctor still would say the same words. 
Fortunately, Sheilor is a very optimistic person indeed, he was very easy to break away from those earlier grey emotions. Although those comforts didn’t have any effect, but since he didn’t need to have the surgery on his own head, it’s always a thing worth celebrating relatively.
The mobile phone was bought back by the working staff of the Tai family, and it’s still his old number. Sheilor didn’t know how the other party could do this thing. But it’s presumable that the Three Forest communication corporation, shouldn’t embarrass the Tai family on this issue. 
Sheilor pulled out the screen which was embedded in the metal body of the mobile phone, felt it is very smooth, so his mood got a bit better. He began to get to the internet silently, and looked up some related materials about the epilepsy.
The more he checked, the more silence he was, and the more he felt that he really got the epilepsy.
He threw the mobile phone to the side of the pillow, and closed his eyes and thought for a long time. He probably got the primary epilepsy, the probability pass to the descendants only four times higher than the normal people, and the federal law also didn’t prohibit the epilepsy patient to get married… wouldn’t Charming have any other opinion?
But it seemed like that he should bring some more towels with him in the future, otherwise, when he spit out so much white foam, who would wipe the foam for him? According to the materials on the net, when the epilepsy patient is having the intermittent spasm, it must be careful not to let the patient’s teeth bite his tongue…
Could it be said that he still needed to but some hard plastic bones which were played by the dogs? But if he wanted to keep the pet dog, it still needed to have the special permission from the bureau. Oh, that’s right, he just needed the plastic bones, he didn’t really want to keep a dog, and he is not a dog neither.
So he thought at random just like this, the more Sheilor thought, the more he felt sad. If his future life would become this look, it’s really much far from his ideal. 
He was lying in the bed silently, his eyes stared at the white ceiling blankly, and exuded some low moods.
So until Charlie Tai sat by his bedside, had already peeled an apple for him, and hand it over in his hand, then he didn’t notice.
“The is the necessary procedure to visit a patient, but very unfortunately, in the novel or the movie, peeling the apple and feeding one bite by one bite, should be a beautiful and gentle girl.” Sheilor took over the apple, stared at the window and said, “if Charming were here at this time, it would be much better.”
Heard the name of Charming, Charlie Tai had his eyes narrowed slightly, he had a smile, but didn’t make any comment on that girl, “you suddenly become talkative today.” he said.
Sheilor was in a daze slightly, he also felt the change himself, but it shouldn’t have nothing to do with barely escaped his life, it’s purely because he had the blow from the doctor. 
Charlie Tai had already known about his state of illness, he silenced for a moment, and suddenly said with a smile, “the epilepsy is not a deadly disease, it’s rare to see that you are so dejected, I am really somewhat hard to get used to it.”
In the eyes of these friends around him, Sheilor was always that ordinary and simple guy with the smile on his face. rarely saw that he sighed and groaned. 
Sheilor frowned slightly, heaved a sigh and said, “this disease is really too trouble, and it’s too ugly when it attacks.”
“I got some medicine ready for you, new drug, but rest assured, it has already passed the clinical examination, just because it’s too expensive, so it’s still not registered in the medical system yet.”
Charlie Tai silenced for a long time, took out a bottle of medicine from the pocket, and handed it to Sheilor, “don’t be too excited in the future… in addition, before you are discharged from the hospital, install a miniature EEG monitor, once you find any problem, then you just take a pill of this medicine.”
Sheilor took over the bottle of medicine, looked at the label silently, indeed, there was no the mark of the Federal Drug Administration on it. Then he took a look at the precautions, slanted his head slightly, looked at Charlie Tai and asked with doubt, “the tranquillizer?”
“I have it often.” Charlie Tai pat him on the shoulder with a smile, said with apologies, “I still have something else need to do, I will leave the Capital state tonight, I will leave some people for you, if you have anything need to do, you can just order them to do. Anyway, I will come back to see you in a few days.”
Sheilor nodded his head, he didn’t have the meaning to urge the other party to stay. Although he saved Charlie Tai’s life, but he also knew it clearly, the other party is the character high above in the society, it’s presumable that he is also a very busy guy. The other party would come to the hospital to visit him in person, that’s good enough.
“My private phone number is the first one on your mobile phone, if you have anything, you can give me a call.”
Charlie Tai and Sheilor met in the Pear Garden University, it had been many days, up until this time, Sheilor then knew his private phone number for the first time.
After Charlie Tai left, in the general hospital of the First Military Region, Sheilor received the conservative treatment and monitoring for several days again. Those with the mastered medical skill specialists and professors finally confirmed, probably in that event, Sheilor was stroke by some external force, the injury of the cerebral cranium let his cerebral cortex neurons damaged, and began to have the abnormal discharge, which led to the epilepsy.
Just like what that specialist said, there is nothing to heal epilepsy this disease. And the treatment of the general hospital was still focused on Sheilor that serious wounded body, the comminuted fracture right thigh and those several penetrated gunshot wounds, actually were much more desperate than the so-called epilepsy.
After listened to the consultation schemes for a few times, Sheilor then knew about that he such serious wounds in the underground parking lot of the gymnasium. If not for when he left the luxury balcony, wore the bulletproof helmet and the bulletproof vest, it’s afraid of only one thing that his this life would lose in that dark and moist space.
Once he considered this, Sheilor couldn’t help but had the fear after the event. He didn’t understand, why he would always so righteous ardor and impulsive. Of course he was willing to save Charlie Tai, but he almost lost his life, that was not his original idea. 
At the same time, the thing made him more vigilant was, there was the illusion in his eyes again, but only this time, it’s not that structure chart any more, but a picture of the mine which he was very familiar with…
Sheilor began to have the doubt about the diagnosis result of the epilepsy.


Chapter 34
The shoddy products?

The structure chart of the power output, the structure chart of the transmission device, the design of the nozzle… all kinds of different sizes and obviously different usages drawings, all appeared in his eyes. 
Just like that professor Chow of the Pear Garden University had the slideshow in the class, one picture by one picture flashed across in his eyes, appeared and then disappeared. But the cover scope of these drawings, obviously much broader than the scope which was taught in the university.
Besides the drawings, there were also the endless sceneries, the different still pictures shot by the federal photographers from different angles, had the soul-stirring beauty. Especially those pictures of the federal planets shot from the spaceship, even made people hold the fear and yearn to go there.
And the flowers, all kinds of flowers. 
And women, all kinds of women.
Sheilor half leaned on the hospital bed, the bed could adjust the height automatically, so it’s pretty comfortable to lean on it. But he stared at his that thigh, which was still sealed and positioned by the white plastic clay, was hung on the metallic support, and it’s like a white cement bar. He didn’t have any comfortable expression on his face, instead, he felt like that he saw the ghost, the expression became abnormally ugly.
Because on his thigh at this time, there was a red flower in full bloom.
Of course Sheilor could know it clearly at this time, actually this picture was not appearing on the white plastic clay, but appearing in one certain area of his brain which related with the optic nerve, then appeared in his perception, and the flower blossomed on his retinas.  
This was the seventeenth day after Sheilor was moved into this hospital, his epilepsy seemed to have no recurrence, at least the doctors didn’t hear the emergency call again, and heard that he reported he had the hallucination again. Although the hallucination existed all the time in fact.
When the structure chart became the picture of the mine, then Sheilor knew the thing was getting serious. This absolutely was not what epilepsy, this like miracle appeared in his eyes pictures, seemed to have their own consciousness, could appear and disappear along with his strong emotion and will.
In that lonely ward, at that time Sheilor very missed his hometown-- the East Forest Region, then, that picture overlooking the mines of the East Forest planet from the universe, appeared in his eyes. 
When there was nobody at the midnight, Sheilor forcibly suppressed the fear and anxiety in his heart, and had many experiments silently. He found out, if his will was strong enough, then some pictures which related to his will would appear in his eyes, such like the mountain, the dog and the woman.
The abnormal discharge of the cerebral cortex gray matter neurons, wouldn’t absolutely be controlled by the will. He never heard of the epileptic patient, like obtaining the database, could let his brain discharge according his own thinking… unless he was taking the drugs.
What exactly happened? After Sheilor thought about it for many days, he still could understand it. Since he had already determined that the illusion was not caused by the epilepsy, then he never told the truth to the specialists of the general hospital of the First Military Region, because he worried very much.
When he found out that the strange in his brain actually didn’t have too much relationship with the epilepsy, at the first time, he had already thought of what’s the meaning of the so-called “muscle spasm” monitored by the hospital. That was the share of that power had the self-repair in his body, and also that was the tremble which Sheilor was very familiar with. Just those trembles had been controlled successful under his skin, but when he fell into sleep or coma, it still kept running itself.
This is Sheilor’s secret, but not the disease caused by the epilepsy.
Regardless of the dissuasion of the specialists of the hospital, he insisted to take off all the monitoring equipments when he was sleeping at the nighttime, and removed all the electrodes on his body. Otherwise, if other people could really find out the real reason of the spasm of his muscle fibril, didn’t know how big the trouble it would cause.
In these days, Sheilor had been confronting the pictures in his eyes one person alone and silently. He told himself, all of these were just the illusion, couldn’t scare him…
But getting used to this kind of pictures which would appear along with the will, even it’s not the illusion, he was also somewhat numb, after all, these pictures seemed that they didn’t really let him become a madman.
Those pictures couldn’t appear in his eyes at any time, when Sheilor extremely concentrated on thinking about some aspects, then these pictures would be extracted from his mind, and presented in his eyes.
If those pictures could appear in his eyes at any time, Sheilor couldn’t ensure whether his that stronger than the average people nerve would collapse or not. Because that means, once he opens his eyes, then he will look at two completely different contents pictures all the time, one is real, and one is false.
Doesn’t it become the picture in picture function of the antique TV? Or that has two pupils monster in the far more ancient mythology?
When there was nobody at the midnight, he tried many times, with the fastest speed, connected in the mind like all possessed, extracted all the pictures which he could think of in his mind for one time, then he confirmed those pictures not belonged to his knowledge and memories. 
He looked at that flower on his leg, Sheilor knew that he was not dazzled, but there was really the flower in his eyes, or somebody planted the flower in his mind.
He had already fallen into the absent and innocent uneasiness and fear for many days, Sheilor forced himself to analyze all the encounters calmly after he fell into coma. After eliminated the hospital aspect took him to do the experiment, he recalled that section of memory which he fell into deep sleep in the mind, that section of memory about the black dream after he fell into coma.
That’s right, all the pictures seemed familiar with, they all came from that strange and absurd dream after he fell into coma. He understood something faintly, but actually he still didn’t understand anything, didn’t know from when, these pictures were filled into his mind by somebody. But why they could be so different from the picture of the general memory? They could be so clear and so real to appear in his eyes?
Sheilor’s left hand gently touched his nape gradually, and touched that small piece of skin  carefully.
After he silenced for a long time, he confirmed that there was some problem with this chip. After that share of hot stream became the huge energy and burst out, that let this chip have some kind of damage, the damaged chip released the pulse or current without controlled, let his cerebral cortex appear the abnormal discharge, then it would let him get into that strange black dream after he fell into coma, and imprinted in his mind deeply, then that would let those pictures appear in his eyes…
But the problem was, could it be that the chip had stored those things in originally? How could he get rid of this kind of situation after all? Surely it didn’t mean that he needed to change another chip on again, and start the whole new life once again?
But damage of his brain had already become the reality, then would it be useful to change for another chip? Whether he would become the real idiot in the future because of the abnormal discharge of the brain? Although it’s not the epilepsy, but the situation he had right at that time seemed much mor terrible than the epilepsy.
Sheilor stared at the white ceiling, his facial features distorted slightly in pain, he kept scolding at uncle Fengyu in his heart, the shoddy products killed people.
Perhaps because Sheilor followed uncle Fengyu to practice the horse stance and those strange postures for many years, his physical quality is much better than the average people, so those wounds on his body got better very quick. Especially that comminuted fracture thigh, everyday on the X-ray picture, those cracks seemed to gather together with the speed which could be seen with the naked eye.
This made the doctors of the general hospital all surprised. If not for they knew that the background of this patient was somewhat strange and somewhat astonishing, perhaps they would really have the idea to ask Sheilor to cooperate with their research.
Those pipes, which were plugged on Sheilor’s body, had already been pulled away for a long time. Just in the time of one month after he got into the hospital, those through and through wounds, which left by the military firearms, basically got well. After all, he didn’t get his bones damaged, those torn and burnt by the high speed rotating bullets muscle fibers, had already been recovered, only left some pink new skin imprints on the skin. 
The shocked back by the mecha and fractured thigh, couldn’t get well so quick. But at least at this time, Sheilor could sit on the wheelchair, and went to the beautiful environment of the general hospital for some relaxations.
He was not afraid of loneliness, and also was not afraid of all alone by himself, but he didn’t like those white walls and ceiling of the ward. Because when he was along by himself, he always couldn’t help but tried to take the white ceiling as the background, extracted the memory fragments out from his mind, and put them to show for himself like the slide show.
He was having the fear while he was showing the pictures, but he also felt that he was somewhat unable to stop, Sheilor felt that he was like a poor man having the drug addiction.
Had a shake on his head, Sheilor had the embarrassed flush on his face, no longer to look at the images of those all kinds of women in his mind. Because those pictures were too clear and too lifelike, looking at them just like reading the porn magazine.
As long as his mind had the move, then he could see the infinite temptation female images, and it’s not like the often flooded imagination in the mind of the average man, but the true pictures, what kind of state is this? This is the real psychosexuality!
The just tasted the thing about man and woman Sheilor, could barely control the temptation to peek the “thousands of women pictures” in a corner of his mind, but he still would think of his girlfriend very naturally. At least in his mind, the other party was still his girlfriend. No matter the fear to the abnormal situation in his brain, or the stimulation he suffered, or even the loneliness brought by the long time hospital life, all let him want to see Charming very eagerly. The feeling between the man and woman, nothing more than the growth stimulated by these external factors, and let alone Sheilor was facing the all-around pressure at this time.
Since that moment she knew that Sheilor got injured, Charming had already been ready to start to come to the Capital state. That non-professional spy girl, after experienced the failure and frustration in the Bi-Moons festival, she still didn’t draw any lesson obviously, and she still took herself as the ordinary people subconsciously. When she knew that the man she loved got wounded, of course, she couldn’t sit still in the campus any more. 
Just due to the abnormal condition of Sheilor’s body, that dragged the coming over time of Charming for a long time. Until a few days ago, Sheilor felt numb to the strange phenomenon which was caused by the abnormal discharge of the brain, and he couldn’t suppress the thoughts for Charming, then these two people made an appointment, they would meet in the hospital at fourteenth that day. 
However, just when he was going to make a phone call to Charming, and wanted to confirm when the other party would come to the Capital state, his mobile phone received a message from a strange number.
“I am 27 Glass of Wine, be careful of Charming.”


Chapter 35
27 glass of wine

There was an old song in the Federation, the name was 27 Glass of Wine.
The song is sung like this: the first glass of wine, the sunlight is bright and beautiful, the ivy climbs into my eyes. The second glass of wine, the spring breeze blows gently, the blade tip kisses my eyebrows softly. The third glass of wine, the bird chirps, and pecks on my heart lightly. The fourth glass of wine, the shadow gets on the window, and lets me forget who I am. The fifth glass of wine, the young man is going to fly, fly across the green woods…
The eleventh glass of wine, the mountains are green, an old man gets drunk and sleeps on the stone as the pillow. The twelfth glass of wine, facing the deep to peek, the cliff gives the years back to the nature. The thirteenth glass of wine, the snail has the tentacles, that world is exhausted same as this world. The fourteenth glass of wine, the confused eyes get tired gradually, the people are going to sleep by the fire…
The twenty-fifth glass of wine, think of father, the raindrops fall down outside of the window. The twenty-sixth of glass of wine, the fly not flies, the frightened you and me hide under the leaves to watch the autumn rains getting lost gradually. The twenty-seventh glass of wine, drop down a few tears, and put down the glass gently. 
This ancient song, always exists in the public teaching materials of the federal primary schools, it’s the poem which probably all the federal citizens have learned. 
With the ordinary and simple or even somewhat unadorned language, this poem tells the story which a young man drinks alone in the rain, looks at the scene outside of the window, the thinking flies into the mountains and the great rivers gradually, after experienced the imagination of several lives and several places, finally gets back into his own body, thinks of the lost loved ones, drops down the tears alone…
This simple but touching poem, it’s hard to find out who is the original author, and in the highly developed technology and civilization present, also not many people would remember this little poem in the heart.
When Sheilor was in East Forest Region, he also rarely had the opportunity to listen to this song, except in that movie which was directed by the great director Mathew Lin, that director Lin very artfully put the 27 Glass of Wine as the background music throughout the whole movie.
The most recently when Sheilor heard the song 27 Glass of Wine, that was in that bar of the Coastal state. The wonderful capacity for liquor Shielding, in that rainy night, in that quiet bar, after drank more than twenty glass of liquor, this rascal official finally got drunk. He used a fork to bang on the bottle, with the “Dang Dang” rhythm, leisurely but extremely emotively sang this song once.
His singing was not so good, but the tortured by the liquor and tobacco somewhat hoarse voice, mixed with these lyrics together, seemed to have the vicissitude particularly, and it felt like to draw tears. And when he sang to think of father, the fly not flies at last, when he put down the glass… Shielding finally cried out involuntarily, just let the tears stream down his face… and on Sheilor’s shirt.
So when he saw the message, saw 27 Glass of Wine these words, Sheilor understood right away, this message was sent by Shielding. 
He could reach Shielding this guy for almost a month, Sheilor somewhat worried about him, but because there was a big problem with his own brain, and previous period of time, for executed what secret task of the government, Shielding also had disappeared for dozens of days, so Sheilor didn’t worry about him too much.
At this time, he finally started to worry about him. What Shielding used was a whole new number, and he even used the 27 Glass of Wine this code. In this world, besides himself and the other party, probably nobody else would understand who 27 Glass of Wine really referred to. The thing made Sheilor feel frustrated and nervous was, childe Shielding told him to be careful of Charming… what is this for?
Charming always served secretly for that senator Medellin of the anti-government army aspect, in the last day of last year, on the iron tower, she had already violated discipline seriously, and told Sheilor about it. Sheilor thought to himself, after all, Shielding was the FBI official, whether the government had already checked Charming, so he would send the message to warn him for a special purpose?
But Medellin had already become the federal senator now, and on the news a few days ago, that old man even issued the joint statement with the governor of the Capital state. Even the government knew about that Charming was serving for the senator Medellin, there also shouldn’t be any problem with Charming?
Sheilor was lying in the hospital, narrowed his eyes slightly, and thought for a long time, gave up the thought to dial back that strange number. There were some odds in this thing, he must be more careful. His finger pressed above the number 2 of the mobile phone, but he didn’t really press down, finally he still pressed on the number 1.
“There are some things, I would like to ask you a favor.”
“What’s the matter?” Charlie Tai’s voice was very calm on the other end of the phone.
“I have a friend named Shielding, he is the Coastal state field service section four chief of the FBI… I haven’t contacted him for many days, I don’t know whether he knew the news that I am in the hospital.”
“Keep going.”
“I know that your family has the good relation with the government, could you help me to check it out, whether he is in trouble? If he is executing what secret mission of the government… also would you please help me to confirm it, at least I don’t need to worry about him too much.”
Charlie Tai’s voice silenced for a long time on the other end of the phone, the half leaned on the hospital bed Sheilor, narrowed his eyes, had some not that great omen.
“I know that Shielding is your friend.” holding the phone, Charlie Tai said calmly, “about his news, I have already known about a few days ago, I was thinking to tell you about it at that time, but the condition of your body is too bad right now, so I didn’t tell you about it.”
There was a flicker of doubt flashing across in Sheilor that narrowed eyes, “what happened with him?” he asked.
“The FBI is listing your that friend as wanted.” Charlie Tai said, “under the circumstances, of course you have no way to contact him.”
“He is the FBI official, why he will be wanted?” Sheilor had his expression changed, and he asked surprised.
“What’s the specific charge, I am not very clear, but presumably it should be the things related with the intelligence.”
Sheilor silenced for a long time on this end of the phone, then he asked very seriously, “I want to be out of the hospital right away, could you please help me to buy a soonest ticket to get back to Coastal state?”
Charlie Tai frowned slightly on the other end of the phone, he didn’t think of the always calm Sheilor, after he heard about this news, would make such a decision like this unexpectedly, so he didn’t agree to say with the deep voice, “what do you want to do? Don’t forget, you are still a seriously injured people now, even one of your leg is still disabled!”
“My wounds almost all get well, although my leg still can’t move, but at least I can take the crutches, or take the wheelchair.” Sheilor could recognize the concern in the angry tone of the other party, so he didn’t get angry, and explained like this.
Charlie Tai said resolutely and decisively, “it’s impossible, the general hospital won’t let you be discharged.”
“That’s why I need your help.” Sheilor said, “Shielding is in trouble right now, I have to go back and take a look what is going on indeed.”
“I can help you to check it out what really happened.” Charlie Tai didn’t tell Sheilor all the truth, because he knew about Sheilor’s character. If Sheilor knew that because of his reason, Shielding was checked by the federal government, and was wanted in the end, it’s afraid of only one thing that Sheilor would go back to there more firmly.
“But you have to calm down a bit, you are just a student, even you have the plan to go back to the Coastal state, what else you can do anyway?” Charlie Tai wrinkled his eyebrows and tried to persuade him, “and you don’t forget, now he is the federal wanted!”
On this end of the phone, Sheilor silenced for a long time and then he said, “I want to go back to there anyway.”
The federal wanted, in the minds of the general federal citizens, surely would be the object which they all wanted to avoid. But Sheilor himself was a hidden deepest wanted, and he’s the wanted not on the list. He believed that if he could go back to Coastal state, the fell into the dangerous situation and presumably very lonely Shielding, might like what he sent the message to him just now, would be very easy to find him, and he… had the ability to help the other party.
On the other end of the phone, Charlie Tai silenced for a long time, then he said, “the things in the Coastal state are very complicated, you shouldn’t go back to there.”
He was considering for Sheilor, but in such a tense moment like this, Sheilor wouldn’t consider anything else, he just replied directly, “I must go back to there.”
Charlie Tai got angry and raised his tone to reprimand, “could you just calm down a bit? And be mature a bit?”
Sheilor silenced for a long time on this end of the phone, his voice didn’t have any change, and he also didn’t get angry, he just said calmly, “Shielding is my friend, you are also my friend. When my friend is in trouble, I can’t be too calm or mature. In the gymnasium, if I were a bit more calm and mature… you have already been dead.”
There are many kinds of concepts about friend. But in Sheilor’s mind, when the other party is facing the life-and-death big problem, appear by the side of the other party without any consideration, and help the other party, this could be called the true friend.
Very deliberately let himself get along with Sheilor, as natural as the ordinary federal citizens. But after all, he is not an ordinary people, but the top that level in this society. Charlie Tai’s control desire is very strong naturally, in the occasional talking and manner, he always would show some attitude of the superior level unintentionally, and this also was the thing which Sheilor didn’t used to.
When he found out that Sheilor was somebody beyond his control, besides he felt complicated, he couldn’t help but heaved a sigh. He looked at the phone which already hung up by the other party, and had a smile in self-mockery. He thought that the guy had saved him more than once, so he would try to prevent the unwise move of the other party even harder.
“Let the hospital strengthen the control, don’t let Sheilor sneak back to the Coastal state.” Charlie Tai gave the order to the steward Ken by his side, “the government has already begun to investigate Charming, and Shielding even became the fugitive… if Sheilor goes back to the Coastal state, only would let all the people misunderstood, there won’t be any good for him.”
“Do we need to use the coercive measures?” the steward Ken asked for the instruction on the side.
Charlie Tai had a flicker of taunt flashed across in his eyes, “fortunately he is injured right now, otherwise, if he wants to leave the hospital, just with those bodyguards of our family, which one could really stop him?”
The steward Ken had a smile slightly, he understood the meaning of his master. After experienced the gymnasium event, the security personnel of the Tai family, all knew that there was a student friend by their master’s side. The thing made them amazed the most was, in that assassination event, the combat capability, which this student showed, was even stronger than the special soldiers.
“Then we will not use the coercive measures, just let some people follow him 24 hours a day, stop him up in the hospital with the flesh wall.”


Chapter 36
Just do me a favor

Started from that phone call, at the exits of the general hospital of the federal First Military Region, appeared some black cars more. And in the level 1 ward area of the inpatient department, even had many dressed in dark color suit men more, especially around Sheilor’s ward, really appeared a flesh wall.
At this time, Sheilor’s condition of injury had already got much better beyond everyone’s expectation. Although he still had to continued to accept the rehabilitation therapy, the right leg was still a pathetic white cement pillar, but at least he could leave the hospital bed occasionally now, and went to toilet by himself, and no longer needed to have the urine tube on; he also could sit on the motorized wheelchair, and went to the woods of the inpatient department freely, relieved his boredom…
But just from that day when he made a phone call to Charlie Tai, no matter Sheilor went to the toilet, or wanted to do something, at least there would be more than three bodyguards of the Tai family by his side. When he walked into the toilet, the specially-assigned person would open the door for him, specially-assigned person took the tissue for him. When he wanted to sit on the wheelchair and go downstairs to relieve the boredom, there would be several pairs of hands on the wheelchair to help him push the wheelchair.
What kind of treatment is this? Probably the federal senator were hospitalized, also at most would be such like this.
Sheilor’s mood got deep a bit, he knew what these flesh walls appeared here for. When he looked at the gate of the inpatient department far away from the woods, then he knew, before his action could be fully recovered, he couldn’t leave this hospital.
This kind of current situation, made his mood deep a bit. He tried to send several text massages to that strange number, but he didn’t get any reply. Especially when he found out that he even couldn’t get through Charming’s phone, the strong uneasiness crowded into his mind.
He knew that Charlie Tai really was for his own good, so he wouldn’t get angry at those ubiquitous bodyguards around him. These bodyguards just the staff took the order from their boss, if he vented on them, it’s really not a what good behavior.
Besides made a few phone calls to Charlie Tai, scolded the other party severely, Sheilor also didn’t have any other way. Only on the other end of the phone, after been scolded by him severely, Charlie Tai still persuaded him very calmly.
The air was getting thicker and thicker around, it’s so thick that no matter how Sheilor waved his fist, he still couldn’t get the clear response, and he was going to be out of breath.
Just at this time, a visitor came to the hospital, that made Sheilor felt slightly nervous and joyful, he just could say “how come you will be here” this sentence.
Jane Sue had a captivating smile, a flicker of lovely smile flashed across in her that pair of bright like mirror big eyes, she answered with the clear but cute voice, “you are the first people I saved in this life, of course I will come to here to check how your injure getting well.”
This is a joke.
And this sentence is not so accurate.
In these days, except she would go to every state of the S1 Region to promote her first album, Jane Sue would stay in her house in the Capital for the rest of the time. Besides she would watch the mecha broadcast on the TV occasionally, she would think of that incomparably intrepid in the parking lot young man, actually she had already forgotten Sheilor this young man gradually, after all, there were not many possible connections between two of them.
Why today she would come to the Capital state once again, and come to the general hospital of the First Military Region, that was because of an annoying thing. The elders of her family let her come to the First Military Region to have dinner, who knew that there would be a young man next to her, the intelligent her, of course knew what’s the meaning of this meal, so she had the thought to leave very naturally.
When the car was driving on the street of the living quarters of the First Military Region, she narrowed her eyes and looked at the buttonwood trees by the street sides. Breathing the fresh air, this federal idol, the little sweetheart in the hearts of billions of people, suddenly felt that there was really meaningless for life. When she saw the gate of the general hospital, she had her heart moved slightly, and thought of that somewhat meaningful guy.
Sheilor looked at Jane Sue stood by the side of the window, looked at her that did up hastily purple short hair, he couldn’t help but was in a daze somehow. He didn’t know how to describe the appearance of this girl, but he felt that even more words could seem somewhat vulgar, of course, this wording itself is quite vulgar…
He just felt that, the not far away girl, no matter she was smiling, or frowning, or being absent-minded, all would be so beautiful, so beautiful somewhat incredibly, not like a real person, but more like a drawing.
He had his mind moved slightly, forced himself to calm down, and he thought of a possibility, so he tempted to ask with some anxiety, “miss Jane Sue, could you do me a favor?”
The bodyguards who the steward Ken arranged in the general hospital to take care of Sheilor’s daily life, all came from the most famous federal security company, they were the most professional bodyguards. So when Sheilor was sitting on the wheelchair under the tree to avoid the sunshine of the southern hemisphere, they were still standing silently in the not eye-catching corner of the sunshine, and calmly gazed at all the things which were happening over here.
But today this silence didn’t last too long, one of these two bodyguards asked in a soft voice, “do you know what kind of people the target we are protecting right now?”
Another guy looked straight ahead, and warped up the corners of his mouth slightly, “a friend of our master.”
“he is really a freaking awesome guy, in the underground parking lot of the gymnasium, this student, killed six soldiers all by himself alone.” the first opened the mouth bodyguard said quietly.
“The fighting capacity of the Coastal garrison commands special company… would be nothing more than this.”
“But you can’t do like this… I heard that he have seen service before.” that first bodyguard said, “but the thing I admire him the most is… even Jane Sue would come to see him incredibly, what kind of people on earth is this guy?”
“One of my friend is also an orphan, he is in a big trouble. And I have another friend, he has everything, including these bodyguards…” the sat on the wheelchair Sheilor said with a wry smile, “I want to go to help my that fell into trouble friend, but my another good friend locks me in this hospital for caring about me.”
“You said that good friend, who has everything, of course will be Charlie Tai.”
Jane Sue stretched her body at the back of the wheelchair, she felt very relaxed, and she confirmed that she came to the hospital today, it’s a correct decision. Didn’t know why, by the side of the named Sheilor guy, she always felt very relaxed without any reason, it seemed that there was a kind of absolute trusted temperament with the other party.
“You know Charlie Tai?” Sheilor asked her curiously, then turned his back around, said very sincerely, “miss Jane, the favor you save my life, I still haven’t paid you back yet. Now I ask you to do me a favor again very unreasonably, I hope that you won’t get angry.”
“Let me repeat it once again, I didn’t save your life.” Jane Sue heard that Sheilor kept repeating the words the favor of saving life constantly, the slight flush flashed on her lowered cheeks, “but I think that there must be reasonable for Charlie Tai’s consideration, in my opinion, the key is, after you rush back to there, can you really help your that in trouble good friend… if just with the blood impulse momentarily, when you get back to there, but running around like a headless chicken, that would be no necessary to go back to there.”
Had to say, the casual words of Jane Sue, pointed out the key of the problem. There really need the help each other and trust between friends, but if facing the unknown prospect, couldn’t help the other party anything, and still would sink himself in, that would only explain that the parties concerned was blinded by blood.
Sheilor sat on the wheelchair and silenced for a moment, his fingers grabbed the sunglasses and the hat tightly subconsciously. The sunglasses and the hat were the necessary things for Jane Sue to go out in public, at this time, Jane Sue condescended to push the wheelchair for him, these things would be put in his hands naturally. Sheilor’s fingers glided slowly on the sunglasses, and finally stopped on the wrist, he touched the smooth metal bracelet gently.
Sheilor made up his mind and said calmly, “no matter what kind of trouble my that friend is in right now, but I think, if I could meet, then I definitely could help him get out of the trouble.”
Jane Sue had a smile slightly, looked at this on the wheelchair shaved the crop-haired young man in front on her, suddenly she felt the strong and self-confidence in the other party this sentence was somewhat… her heart suddenly had a bang, and felt that her mood was somewhat strange today. She lowered her eyes naturally, and looked at that bracelet on her wrist, had some yearning flashed across in her pure and clean eyes.
“What do you want me to do for you?”
“I want to get out of the hospital, and I need a plane ticket… and some money.”
Sheilor touched that military dust coat which was put on the wheelchair as a pad by him, he was somewhat embarrassed to had a scratch on the head, “I lost my bank card, and I don’t have a dime on me right now… Charlie Tai that kid, has already calculate me this in.”
Jane Sue was lovely to have a giggle, this was the first time when she heard somebody to call the master of the Tai family as that kid.
Actually Sheilor didn’t tell the truth, he didn’t lose that Three Forest United bank card which uncle Fengyu left to him, it just with that military dust coat which Mrs. Chung gave him, was shot some holes by those militants in the assassination, so he had to throw it away.


Chapter 37
Back to Coastal state

On the fast traveling car, Sheilor took a look at the on the driver seat sister Torrey, and couldn’t help to take a look at Jane Sue who was sitting next to him, “thank you… but how do we get rid of those people?”
The process leaving the general hospital of the First Military Region was very simple, it’s so simple that even he got on Jane Sue’s special purpose vehicle, Sheilor still felt a little confused. The dressed in the light yellow skirt Jane Sue, just pushed the wheelchair which Sheilor was on, and left the gate of the inpatient department. Those arranged in the hospital working staffs by the Tai family, all were shocked at that moment, and didn’t make any effective measures. To tell the truth, probably they also didn’t have the courage, to have any impolite words and deeds to a federal idol or to say a national young girl.
The car was driving on the street of the living quarters of the First Military Region, the cars which were driven by the bodyguards of the Tai family just followed behind them. Sheilor had some sorry for Charlie Tai in his heart, but he had the headache how to get rid of the other party. If he had been following by the other party, even if he could flied back to the Coastal state by the plane, if’s afraid of only one thing, that he still would continued to be isolated with the outside world by the flesh wall of the Tai family.
Jane Sue had already put on the sunglasses at this time, the head of conspicuous purple hair was also covered mostly by the peaked cap. 
This not up to eighteen years old girl idol, when she was going out, although also needed to dress up, but that big sunglasses, didn’t let her have the star personality which let no man could get close like an iceberg. The sunglasses put on her that exquisite and straight nose bridge, that made her seem very lovely.
Up until now, sitting with Jane Sue side by side, that still let Sheilor felt a share of nervousness coming from the depth of his heart. He couldn’t help but thought, how lucky he was, then he could know Jane Sue incredibly, and even he could let Jane Sue do him a favor incredibly… looking at the lovely girl next to him, then he came back to himself. Jane Sue was not up to eighteen years old yet, the calm and mature, which the girl showed in the previous contact, were not a girl really should have appearance.
“Stop worrying.” the sunglasses covered most of Jane Sue’s face, her rosy lips opened slightly, and said with a smile, “to speak of how to get rid of the tracking and monitoring of other people, I am the expert on this aspect.”
Obviously, suddenly was involved in Sheilor’s escape journey, this young girl idol felt a little excited. She was just like a runaway girl, had a pat on Sheilor’s shoulder excitedly.
Sheilor got his half body stiff immediately, and he noticed from the rear mirror, the was driving sister Torrey had her face somewhat ugly.
Actually he just misunderstood the mood of Jane Sue and sister Torrey at this time, he thought that Jane Sue called herself the expert, that’s because she was the idol in the hearts of countless federal fans, they would often tracked her whereabouts. And because Jane Sue patted him on his shoulder, thus sister Torrey would get unhappy.
Actually, sister Torrey would have that expression, that’s because she thought of several years ago, Miss would always pull her together incessantly, to escape from the monitoring of the family, that was what a memory which made her headache… but it also seemed to be quite interesting.
Sister Torrey warped up the corners of her mouth, and began to laugh.
Half and hour later, the car arrived at the Auxiliary Bridge airport, which was the biggest airport on the southwest area of the Capital state. 
Sister Torrey parked the car in the underground parking lot, they three people took the elevator and got into the open waiting hall. And those been following them the bodyguards of the Tai family, also came over by twos and threes, and stood at the place not far away from them, nervous and alert to watch everything all around.
“According to your request, we booked three tickets for you. If you don’t want to be checked how you get back to the Coastal state, you choose the route yourself, I don’t care for this.” sister Torrey said to Sheilor indifferently, “I just hope that you won’t do any illegal things.”
The wore the peaked cap and changed for a common jacket in the parking lot Jane Sue, was like a fresh and cool young man at this time. But that on her exquisite nose bridge big sunglasses seemed a bit abrupt, the walking around passengers couldn’t help but would take a few more looks at her, some of them would feel why this young man would give them such a familiar feeling? But no one would connect this young man with that national girl of the Federation. After all, no one would ever expect, Jane Sue would really appear in front of them.
Leaned on the automatic retract and extend steel cane, Sheilor took over the tickets with his both hands, and expressed his gratitude to sister Torrey very sincerely. Then he turned his body around, had a bow to Jane Sue and gave her a salute, and said sincerely, “miss Jane, I really don’t know how to thank you.”
“No thanks, helping a cripple escape… it’s really a fun thing, isn’t it?” Jane Sue was just like a young man, pointed two fingers to the brim of her cap, and slanted her head slightly, it’s nifty and lovely on top of the world, “but I think, you should have the headache at this time, how could you in the eyes of those Tai family’s bodyguards, pass through the security check point, and board on the plane… and you still can’t let them know about your route.”
Sheilor was somewhat embarrassed to say, “that’s right.”
Three of them were at the entrance of the VIP only at this time, not that many passengers passed through this place. Those in the bookstore, by the stairs bodyguards of the Tai family, would seem especially obvious.
“There is the saying, called leave while it’s disorderly.” Jane Sue looked at Sheilor and said with a smile, “I can make a mess, could you leave or not, that would depend on your ability.”
After she finished these words, Jane Sue took off the big sunglasses from her nose bridge, and took off her cap at the same time, just like in the house, very casually had a scratch on her somewhat unkempt purple short hair…
A chaos appeared because Jane Sue appeared suddenly, it’s just happening in the Auxiliary Bridge airport like this without any omen. Numerous passengers were excited to rush to VIP only here, the flashlights began to flash incessantly, and mixed with countless voices expressing the goodwill and greeting. The bodyguards of the Tai family were broken up by the people immediately, and found out that they had already lost the trace of Sheilor.
Sheilor’s reaction was very quick, when that moment Jane Sue took off her sunglasses, he had already known where the chaos, which the other party talked about, came from. And when Jane Sue that head of purple hair fully bloomed and came out from under the cap, in the cover of the crowd around, he had already taken off the coat from the body, and sat on the quick boarding electric vehicle which was provided by the airport.
The time passed very soon, when he had already boarded the flight to Upper Field, the bodyguards of the Tai family just in time reported to their superior the information about they had lost the target.
“If he wants to leave, it shouldn’t be hard to stop him, and what’s more, that young lady was helping him.” Charlie Tai heaved a sigh slightly and spoke to the steward Ken, “notice the Black Hawk security company, there is a task in the Coastal state.” 
Sheilor didn’t fly back to the Coastal state directly, because if he did it that way, perhaps as soon as he got off the plane, he would be surrounded by the bodyguards of the Tai family once again, of course he would have no way to reach Shielding then. 
So he chose the flight to fly to Upper Field, because Upper Field is very close to the Coastal state, and it is a not eye-catching place.
Sister booked him the economy class, he didn’t care anything for it. Because he never was a what the rich, the problem was that he was still a patient, his right leg was still like a white cement pillar… on the seat of the economy class, it’s really somewhat uncomfortable.
Fortunately the air hostess of this flight, was very nice to upgrade the class for him for free, Sheilor said the thanks gratefully again and again.
“I have heard that the flight can make the phone call now?” Sheilor looked at the squat down in the side flight attendant, and asked curiously.
“Yes, sir. It’s directly via the satellite, the charge is the same as the normal phone fee, but it needs to be paid by the credit card.” the air hostess said sweetly. 
Sheilor hesitated for a moment, then he was very embarrassed to ask, “… I am in a hurry to get back to Upper Field, but I forgot to tell my friend the arrival time of the flight in the airport, you also could see, I have some problems with my leg, it will be somewhat inconvenient if my friend can’t come to pick me up… but I also forgot to bring my mobile phone.”
The air hostess was in a daze slightly, then she said with a smile, “do you want to borrow the phone?”
“Yes. I am very sorry, bring you the trouble.” the dress Sheilor was wearing that day, was provided by the working staff of the Tai family in the hospital, couldn’t tell what famous brand it is, but the material felt very good, accompanied with his that sincere expression and the thick as knives eyebrows, that appeared particularly fresh and cool.
The air hostess had a smile slightly, and felt that this young man was really a lovely shy man.
Very thankful for her, Sheilor took over her mobile phone. Recalled that strange number which Shielding was using from his mind, silenced for a moment, then he sent him a short message, “I am horse stance. Will arrive night o’clock tomorrow morning, please contact me, I have the way.” In the last more than one month, Sheilor almost died once, he had a big problem in his mind. 
From the south came back to the Coastal state, from the warm ocean climate, came back to the devastating blizzard environment, Sheilor didn’t think about his own body and brain too much, he just narrowed his eyes slightly, held on the metal cane, walked out of the Upper Field airport, and got on a taxi.
He didn’t say a word on the way, in the raging snowstorm, Sheilor returned to the university town which he was familiar with, he was very cautious and he didn’t contact anyone, especially Charming. He also wouldn’t go back to the university, but came to the coffee shop on the famous brand street, ordered a cup of coffee, and looked at the snow on the outside of the window, stared at the floating the metallic luster mobile phone on the green tablecloth.
Before he came to this café, in a could be seen everywhere in the university town small shop, he bought several brand new mobile phone cards, and at the same time, sent a short message to that number which Shielding was using now once again.
Then the rest he would just wait.
The mobile phone had been lying on the tablecloth quietly, Sheilor stared at it silently, held the automatic telescopic metal cane in his hand tightly. Gradually, his eyes moved to that metal bracelet on his wrist.
Just like what he said to miss Jane Sue before they left the hospital, he believed that after he found Shielding, he definitely would have the way to help him to escape the federal wanted.
Just right at this time, the mobile phone rang, Shielding that calm voice came from the other end of the phone, and he told him a house number.
In the phone, Shielding wasn’t moved to can’t speak for a long time, and he also didn’t angrily criticize him stupid, he just said a few words calmly. Because he was the same kind of people with Sheilor in the bone, they all would help the other party at all hazards. Since the other party had already come over here for him, then no matter how many words he said, there was no any meaning.
Sheilor paid the bill and left, and was somewhat difficult to hold on the metal cane, in the blizzard of the winter end in the Coastal state, walked to the blocks in the deep of the city.


Chapter 38
Who is watching on you?

It was still a bar. Sheilor pushed open the heavy glass door, then he smelt the familiar smell of the pine nut wine and those go with wine nuts. He couldn’t help but laugh up, it looked like that even he was listed as wanted by the Federation, Shielding was reluctant to get rid of the drinking habit, from this perspective, this guy seemed to lack some good living habits of the professional agent.
This time was about eleven o’clock in the morning, the outside Coastal streets were all covered in the blizzard of the winter end, in order to shelter those like to drink in the severe winter drunkards, the bar opened the door a bit earlier than the past. But at this point of the time, the business was still very slow, and it’s relatively cold and cheerless in the bar.
Directly facing the door of the bar, on the most inside table, sat a young man, he dressed in the light grey dust coat, the hair was combed meticulously, and was lowering his head to sip the drink in small mouth.
After walked into the bar, Sheilor saw the other party in the first glance, he was in a daze, didn’t go to him immediately, but leaned on the cane, walked slowly to the table not next to him, and ordered a glass of Platinum.
The dressed in the grey dust coat man, finished his drink very soon, seemed to think about something, then knocked on the tabletop three times lightly, paid the bill, and walked to behind the bar very not caught the attention. 
“Probably there is the backdoor over there.” Sheilor thought in his heart. He lowered his head and looked at the Platinum in the glass, couldn’t help but wrinkled his eyebrows. This kind of special pure high alcohol liquor, even mixed with the honeydew juice, still would be very strong. Went drinking with Shielding for that many times, he was still somewhat difficult to adapt to it.
Sat over there for about three minutes, Sheilor finally finished the transparent liquor in the glass, had a lick on his lips painfully, after handed the money to the bartender, he asked him where the bathroom was. The bartender pointed the direction for him politely, then Sheilor walked towards the back of the bar.
“It’s a pity that you are not a spy.”
Shielding’s eyes looked straight to the road ahead, this pair of didn’t know enchanted how many young ladies eyes seemed somewhat tired at this moment. It looked like that the fugitive life in these days, to this excellent spy of the anti-government army, brought the unprecedented pressure.
Sheilor narrowly moved his lips and had a smile, pressed the hat a bit lower on his head, and tightened the synthetic wool scarf around his neck a bit. The black off-road vehicle, was driving on the street of the Coastal state quietly at this time, the heating was not on, so it seemed a bit cold.
“I stole this car from Upper Field, now I don’t dare to charge it or refuel it casually, so I have to save the energy as much as possible.” Shielding clipped the cigarette on one hand, and held the steering wheel on another hand, he explained calmly.
Sheilor shrank his body on the passenger seat a bit, he opened his mouth and said after a moment, “you just said, you are the anti-government army embedded in the internal of the government… spy. But the reason why your identity was exposed, that’s because your superior was betrayed by the traitor inside of the anti-government, and involved you in. The key problem is, now the government suspects that you are the intelligence source of those militants of the Defense Department… in that assassination which happened in the Coastal state gymnasium?
Sheilor blew a mouthful of warm air on his hands, somewhat frustrated to look at the road ahead, “what a mess.”
“It’s really a mess.” Shielding pressed the cigarette off, looked straight at the snow road ahead, “my that teacher superior died too soon, he also didn’t make it clear who is the traitor inside of the organization. I checked in these days, and guessed something out faintly, but unfortunately I don’t have any evidences.” he said.
“Why do you want me to be careful of Charming?” Sheilor stared at the side of his face and asked.
“The FBI has been checking how the whereabouts of Charlie Tai is leaked out…” a share of taunt smile floated on Shielding’s face, “they checked and checked, only could check to you. The confidence, which the Tai family has on their those working personnel, seemed to be somewhat strong too excessively. Since the whereabouts of Charlie Tai was leaked out from you here, you should know it clearly, you were going to watch the concert the next day, whom you told to.”
“The New Year’s eve, I was drinking with you together, you should meet with Charming before that.” Shielding wrinkled his that pair of delicate eyebrows slightly, “I am very sure that I didn’t tell anyone about this thing… then, why the assassination action, which the hawks of the Defense Department aimed at the childe of the Tai family, would be so timely and so accurately? There is only one explanation, the information was leaked out from Charming there.”
“I know… she is a spy.” Sheilor lowered his head, the right hand stroked gently on that frozen some pains wounded leg, but he just felt all cold and firm like the cement, “she serves for the senator Medellin.”
The black off-road vehicle stopped by the roadside by the Rose riverside. Shielding turned his head, and took a look at Sheilor next tot him, said with the earnest and serious tone, “you know that she is a spy, don’t you have any other thoughts?” 
“What else other thoughts I can have?” Sheilor leaned against on the car seat, his eyes looked at the front quietly, and said lonely, “I just have three friends, two of them are spies, and the one left is a marvelous big shot, I have already been numb to this kind of things.”
He suddenly turned his head around, stared at Shielding’s eyes, and said very testily, “don’t I really have the peculiarity to attract the spy?”
Shielding laughed, he knew what he wanted to ask, he shrugged his shoulders and replied, “when I began to know you, I didn’t know that your luck would be so good, you could know Charlie Tai incredibly… I believe that Charming is also the same way. The reason why we two would become your friends, probably because you have a kind of temperament which can let people trust in you?”
“Don’t say these unreliable words.” Sheilor was somewhat sad to shake his head, “what do you want me to be careful of her?”
“Charming is a very not professional girl.” Shielding said, “the problem is, those people she believes in and serves for are very professional. Those people could be able to use such a non-professional girl, then acquire the things what they want… the situation I am in right now, was caused by them, and I am afraid that you are also the pain in the ass of the other party.”
“You think… the senator Medellin is the traitor of your anti-government army?” Sheilor was shocked to look at Shielding.
Shielding had a smile, it’s full of uncertainty and self-mockery in the smile, “didn’t you watch the latest news? If looks like that this senator and comrade committee member, has already hooked up with some forces in the Federation… of course, even I go out to tell my this inference, no one would believe it. Even the leader Namsui of the Green Mountain, and the citizens of the four states surrounding the mountains, all won’t believe it.”
This one of the most successful spies of the anti-government army in the Federation, once he considered of this, he couldn’t help but had a laugh in self-mockery. 
When he devoted himself into this career at the beginning, he never thought of that he would be exposed with this kind of way in the end. It seemed that it’s always the same since the ancient times, the enemy, inside of the organization is always the most cruel.
“Then what do you want to do next? Directly go back to the Green Mountain?” Sheilor was worried to look at Shielding, he asked in a soft voice, “since you have already been exposed, of course you couldn’t stay in the Federation any more.” 
Encountered the mine disaster from a child, his whole family died tragically because of the numbness of the federal government bureaucrat; his teacher his boss, was killed in that white light beam because of a certain inside story of the federal government; his friend was arrested with the fabricated charge and put into the jail, and didn’t know where he was now. 
Sheilor didn’t have any good feeling for the government, so whether he knew the real identity of Charming or the real identity of Shielding, he didn’t have the psychology of any fear or conflict, he just felt shocked.
Shielding took a look at him. Since that day the director fell down from the upstairs, and died a tragic death in front of him, then he began to become a fugitive, the FBI had been listing him as wanted secretly. The runaway experience in the last tens of days was very wonderful and exciting, but he didn’t want to think of it.
After he arrived in Upper Field, he had hid for ten days. He should take the chance when the secret manhunt was getting a bit loose, to go to the Port city, and find the last contact people whom the organization left for him. However, just at that moment when he was going to leave, Shielding used the backdoor which he left in the intranet of the FBI, invaded the network of the other party, and was ready to check some information, accidentally found out… somebody was investigating Sheilor.
The thing made him feel alert was, the security level of the department, which was investigating Sheilor was very high, it directly went across the authorization of the field service, and read all the information about what Sheilor was doing in the Coastal state in the last one year. If it’s not for Shielding left a lovely small program in the intranet of the Coastal field service, then including him, all the people of the FBI wouldn’t know that somebody was investigating Sheilor.
It’s also for this reason, Shielding took the risk to contact Sheilor.
On the way to be a fugitive, any time the no necessary contact and meeting, would likely expose himself under the eyes of the government, but he still did so, no doubt this kind of choice needed the great courage. Just like when Sheilor knew the thing about him, he would return to the Coastal state without any hesitation.
The friendship between the two pot companions, in fact, was not just those wine.
“My single contact man have died, the present me, have already been very difficult to get in touch with the anti-government army of the Green Mountain again.” Shielding said in the low voice, “with my ability, as long as the Charter Bureau ignores me, then the federal government departments are very hard to catch me… the key is, what do you want to do?”
“You said that somebody was checking on me? What do I have, so they would investigate me?” Sheilor those like the knives eyebrows, once again flied up, he asked in consternation.
The confidence in Shielding’s words, gave him the great comfort. It looked like that he didn’t need to change the chip for Shielding. But the serious warning of Shielding coming up, let Sheilor thought of many horrible things, not that many government departments could go over the authorization of the FBI, but obviously, the First Charter could do it easily.
“I just want to remind you this, but I didn’t think of that you this boy would run back to her incredibly.” Shielding stared at his face and said, “don’t underestimate the ability of Charlie Tai, and also don’t reject his help for the so-called face… if you really get in trouble in the future, you must contact him in the first time.”
Sheilor silenced, but his mood had been frozen extremely cold by the ice and snow outside of the car window. If that omnipotent central computer of the Charter Bureau really paid attention to him, even the Tai family also couldn’t do him any help.
Just right at this time, the had been watching the rear view screen with the residual eyes Shielding, suddenly had his eye pupils shrunk, and stepped down the throttle to the bottom!
The wheels of the black car rolled up the snow and ice, and rushed ahead abruptly!
Shielding’s eyes stared at the pavement ahead calmly, he spoke to Sheilor by his side, “if you don’t want your another leg also destroyed, then you fasten your seatbelt. Fuck! Who has been watching on me?”
Through the rear view screen, Shielding looked at the rear of the broad street, several black cars were chasing after in high-speed, he scolded testily. He was very familiar with those black cars, they are all the government cars of the FBI.
Sheilor fastened his seatbelt very quickly, he felt the cold in his heart, and he just hoped that the one watching on Shielding and him was not the ubiquitous splendor of the First Charter.


Chapter 39
The crazy racing

“The time which the Charter Bureau grants the level V permission is just one day…”
In the high-speed FBI car, the eyes of a middle-aged official were same as the falcon’s, stared at that escaping car in front. This official pressed on his headset and listened for a while, then turned to the watch small screen on his wrist, and gave the orders to his subordinates:
“Make it clear who your target is! He is a nefarious terrorist! He is an outstanding soldier graduated from the First Academy! He knows the FBI arrest process better than you do! So you don’t have any arrogant ideas!”
“Before get into the city, we must stop that car in front. If the other party resist, I allow you to fire!”
After finished giving the orders, this middle-aged official scolded angrily, “those bastards of the Charter Bureau, incredibly only give me the permission for one day, and it’s just a fucking level V, don’t they know how dangerous in front that named Shielding boy is?”
Sheilor’s face was a bit pale, the scenery outside of the window was backwards in a terrifying speed. The automatic heating and deicing system of the highway had already been on, otherwise with this speed to drive on the snow and ice, perhaps no need the cars behind caught up with them, this black off-road vehicle, which they were in, would turn over and they would be dead.
Shielding didn’t have any nervousness on his face, except he had a little anxiety in his eyes, he licked on his that dry lips gently, seemed somewhat excited instead.
“Do you know how to drive?” he took a look at those chasing in high-speed cars on the rear view screen.
“No.” Sheilor answered very quickly, without the slightest hesitation, he knew in such a tense moment, any hesitation would cause the serious consequence.
“Dare to drive?”
“Yes.”
These few words of question an answer are very wonderful and very absurd, probably only Sheilor and Shielding these two guys could make it. Sheilor didn’t know what’s the meaning Shielding putting the control right of the car to him, but he could imagine, Shielding must wanted to empty his hands, to deal with getting closer and closer behind those several black cars.
Shielding pulled a rope which had been hung by the side of the sun visor, just heard the loud noise “Huala”, didn’t know what kinds of things on the trunk of the black off-road vehicle, were all dumped out.
A pile of messy rusty metal components landed o the highway of the Coastal state. The speed carried by these components made them disorderly flied heavily and dangerously on the pavement.
At the most front that black car was hit severely by a just sprang up from the ground iron bar, in the strange metal split sound, that car was shocked to bounce in situ, made a loud crash, and then rushed out of the pavement obliquely. 
The chasing cars was stopped a moment by these things, and after paid the heavy price of losing a car, pulled away a distance by the vehicle which Sheilor and Shielding were in.
“Fire!” the angry voice of that official came from the fleet.
The “Qiu Qiu” sharp bullet whistles suddenly split all around the highway, didn’t know how many pedestrian were shocked badly, and didn’t know how many birds were shocked to fly away.
Took the advantage of this period of time, Shielding changed the seats with Sheilor, he took a long gun from the backseat, put it over the rear of the trunk. After a few broken sounds, the rear window of the vehicle was all broken, he narrowed his eyes, aimed at the pursuing cars behind, and began to pull the trigger calmly or should say somewhat ruthlessly. 
“Puff” with a stuffy sound, Shielding had a shock on his right shoulder, the car which was aimed at by him, one of the front wheels exploded suddenly, in the state of high speed, lost control and hit to the sidebar of the highway.
The cold wind poured into the car, it’s very gloomy and cold. Sheilor hid his body under the seat completely to avoid the flying bullets.
Although he never drove a car before, but when he was in East Forest, he once followed behind uncle Fengyu to repair cars, he was extremely familiar with the power control system of the cars. Moreover, for a could start the mecha people, driving the car, it’s like playing with the toys.
Just this toy was very dangerous, Sheilor operated the steering wheel and gear absorbedly, avoided those cars ahead stopped blankly by the gun fight, tried to increase the speed of the car, and tried to pull away the distance from the pursuing cars behind.
This was the first he was driving a car, but his that pair of keen eyes and the matchless intrepid hand-eye cooperation ability, let his manipulation seem very fluently, he looked more like a racing driver.
No, Sheilor was crazier than the racing driving. Because there was a big Z-turn ahead of him, but it seemed that he didn’t have any meaning to loosen the throttle and slow down, just right before the moment when the car was going to enter the turn, his left feet stepped down ruthlessly, the right hand pulled the hand brake abruptly, let this civil black off-road vehicle make a drift on the slippery pavement very dangerously. Just right before the vehicle was about to hit the crook of the cliff, adjusted the car body, and continued to drive forward violently.
In the process from entering the curve to exiting the curve, Sheilor had been loosening the throttle, the tachometer had been maintaining the number over four thousand five hundred.
The cold sweat had been all over his forehead, the bullets hit on the car body from time to time, and the strong cold wind blew in from the cleft, let Sheilor feel the unprecedented nervousness… and excitement. 
In the whistles of the bullets, he roared loudly to Shielding behind his back, “your those block the way things, throw some more down, otherwise we can’t get rid of them!”
Shielding had been maintaining the aiming posture calmly, he was rarely to pull the trigger, but every time when he pulled the trigger, the pursuing fleet of the FBI would lose a car. 
Heard the roaring of Sheilor, he shouted back in the fierce wind, “I threw the drop tank earlier… last night I took a trip to the waste yard, how many things you think that this car can hold?”
“Rascal! I think that we are going to die over here today.”
While Sheilor was shouting, he was watching all the situation on the road nervously. His eyes and his hands had the perfect unity at this moment, all the sights his eyes saw, were inducted to his mind very methodically, then through the special channel of the non nerve tract in the body, transferred the response measures to his three limbs.
All the manipulations didn’t have any additional action and didn’t have any hesitation, and seemed very smooth. Besides that been stepping on the accelerator foot, was stubborn, unflinching and not moving resolutely like Sheilor this guy.
The perfect driving, the heroic driving and the crazing driving.
Although Shielding didn’t turn his head around, but he still know how fast the speed of the car at this moment, his face was a bit pale and he shouted loudly, “rush into the city in the front, three minute later, the FBI could set up the first interception.”
Sheilor’s face was also incomparably pale, he looked at the numerous scenes turning backward in high speed, felt that he returned to that horrible black dream again, he bit on his teeth, lifted the right hand, and turned the steering wheel at full tilt, prayed in his heart that the car wouldn’t roll over.
When the FBI secretly pursuing Shielding fleet reached the seventh toll station of the Coastal state, had already become five cars from nine cars. The look extremely gloomy middle-aged official, walked down from the car, looked at the struck into fragments rail in front of him, turned his head around and took a look at his subordinates behind him, squeezed the voice out from the teeth, “contact the Charter Bureau, position the whereabouts of them at present immediately.”
“Contact the Traffic Control Bureau, blockade the traffic around this area, and at the same time, track that black off-road vehicle down.”
“Inform the group members, ready to gather at any time.”
There were only the fragments all over the ground at this time, the staffs of the toll station were all dumbfounded, where they could see the sight of that black off-road vehicle.
The officials of the FBI, all knew it clearly that the target they were pursuing at this time, was a very excellent spy, and the other party had been working in the FBI for many years, he had the incomparable understanding to the internal communication and the fixed process of the FBI. So before their this action, this group of FBI team chose the non-traditional channel especially.
Even if that heavy long gun stuck out from the civil off-road vehicle overturned several cars ruthlessly, the officials of the FBI still didn’t have any retreat meaning.
Because if Sheilor didn’t have this kind of ability, then he wouldn’t graduate from the First Military Academy with the first place performance in those years, and he wouldn’t receive the favor from the superior in the FBI. 
To the up coming difficulties, they had already had the fully psychological preparation, and firmly believed that they could catch the other party in the help of the Charter Bureau positioning.
But the problem was the guy who was driving the off-road vehicle.
The middle-aged official had the angry fire in his eyes, he looked at the seemed endless road in front of him, issued the drawing net commands quickly. But he thought in his mind, was that guy a madman? Even the been toughest trained special soldiers, also couldn’t drive a civil off-road vehicle to that kind of speed and so crazy.
Thought of earlier that roaring and gone like a black ghost off-road vehicle, the mood of this middle-aged official became abnormal heavy. The other party was totally not like running for life, but more like losing life. Any normal people, in that kind of speed, would slow down the speed subconsciously, this is the instinct. But that driver, seemed to don’t have fear this word in his instinct.  
Stamped his foot down severely, the slid for two hundred meters in neutral position black civil off-road vehicle, still kept the high speed, in the collective cooperation of three kinds of brake modes, still bumped into the garage door ruthlessly, and made a huge sound.
Shielding carried the backpack, walked down from the car with the pale face, and he almost threw out. He was a well-trained professional, faced the hail o the bullets earlier, he still wouldn’t be so panic. But sat in the car drove by Sheilor, he had the fear feeling instead.
“I won’t ask you to drive in the future!” Shielding stared at sitting on the driver seat Sheilor very painfully, “I would be rather caught by the FBI and tortured by them, than risking my life needlessly with you together.”
Sheilor’s face was also abnormally pale, his hands stretched out in the air and shook slightly, but he couldn’t have any way to leave the seat. He took a look at Shielding, and said with the trembling voice, “do me a favor, I can’t get out.”
Shielding thought that Sheilor experienced the previous crazy racing escape, he finally couldn’t stand that kind of fear and nervousness, and was frightened in chains. He had the sorry emerged on his face, pulled open the car door, took off the seatbelt which constrained Sheilor’s body, and wanted to lift him out, but he found out that he couldn’t lift him up.
He stared at Sheilor’s right feet, that wrapped like a white cement pole right foot, his face began to become very wonderful in the silence. 
Sheilor still had the lingering fear, he wiped the cold sweat off from his face and said, “in order to avoid the bullets, I slid down, then my right foot got stuck on it, and couldn’t loose the accelerator.”


Chapter 40
Become a fugitive

If let the official of the FBI knew, the let him scratched his head answer, actually was just caused by a small accidence, he might be anxious to spit out the blood and die.
Sheilor that wrapped by the medical plastic clay right leg, in this fugitive journey, had the absolutely important effect. If it’s not stuck right between the seat and the accelerator, like in the hands of the leading actor often played in the action movies, became the steering wheel lock or the other hard things used to be held against the accelerator… the first time drove the car him, no matter how talent he had in the machine aspect, would be impossible to let that civil off-road vehicle, become the to be fast but not care about the life crazy monster, and fought a way out from the encirclement of the FBI.
People are naturally afraid of death, after all, no one dares to keep trampling the accelerator to the bottom, and drives the car just with the steering wheel and the gear. But the problem was, Sheilor that stepped on the accelerator right leg, at that time, had already been not controlled by him, that was just like a cement bar.
The sly rabbit would at least have three caves to be used to flee for life, Shielding had already been as a spy in the FBI for that long, of course he was no exception.
They had already left far away from that saved their lives, but also almost killed them civil off-road vehicle at this time, dressed up like two ordinary federal office workers, and came to a dark room in a small building which was on a street in the Coastal state.
“The FBI changed the communication channel.” Shielding tinkered with a small receiving equipment carefully, “fortunately, those things I hid in the intranet of the FBI, they still couldn’t clear them clean momentarily.”
Sheilor was half lying on the bed, there was some unhealthy white on his face. After all, he was badly injured in the Coastal gymnasium, and today he had the body and the spirit double tortures again. He had the feeling that he almost couldn’t hold on to it, especially his abdomen felt very hungry.
“If the people of the government, they came here not because they were tracking me… then how could they know your whereabouts?” Sheilor rubbed on his waist gently, and narrowed his eyes to look at Shielding.
“That’s why I had to leave right away… if I knew that it would be like this kind of situation before that, I wouldn’t come to meet you this morning.”
There was a flicker of sorry flashed on Shielding that beautiful face, he said with a wry smile, “I thought, just with those colleagues of the FBI, they shouldn’t check the trace of me. But I didn’t think of, those people, who want me to be dead, would apply for the permission of the Charter Bureau incredibly.”
“Are you sure that the Charter Bureau was helping the pursuers to position?” Sheilor’s face became somewhat ugly, because after he fled away from the East Forest Region, in the words which he contradicted the most, there were Charter Bureau these two words. Just like what uncle Fengyu sighed by the side of the mine in those years, the laws he hated the most, besides the wildlife conservation law, then it would be the First Charter.
Sheilor once was positioned and hunted by the Charter Bureau, so he felt that the situation was somewhat strange at this time, he looked at Shielding and said, “according to the Charter terms which I checked on the net… the Charter Bureau shouldn’t take notice the behaviors of the anti-government army, it would just have the monitoring in accordance with the regulations.”
Thought for a while, then he said seriously, “and if there is really the shadow of the Charter Bureau in this chase, I don’t think that we still would have time to sit over here and chat.”
When he fled for life in the East Forest, just needed four minutes and twelve seconds, those special soldiers could position Fengyu and Sheilor accurately. 
But at this time, they two people were on the same planet with the central computer of the Charter Bureau, the transfer and feedback of the information could be regarded as at the same time basically. 
That’s why Sheilor couldn’t understand, it had already been a while passed, but why still no people broke the door and rushed in here?
If fact, this just because he didn’t know, the chase once happened on uncle and him in those years, was the rare first sequence event in the entire Federation. It took the electronic monitoring network of the entire Federation, cost a significant amount of resources, then it could have the real-time positioning. But today what Shielding and him faced… was just the fifth sequence permission.
“I don’t know why the Charter Bureau will take part in this thing, but I believe that my feeling is right. Otherwise, it’s impossible for those guys to find me.” Shielding that pretty eyebrows emerged a hint of despair mood, he gave out a forced smile, “as to why no one break into here at this time, I don’t fucking know. After all, I didn’t have the experience to be hunted by the entire Federation.”
Sheilor wanted to tell that he had been hunted before, he looked at the touch of sadness on Shielding’s forehead, and couldn’t help but said, “even the Charter Bureau takes part in this thing, actually it doesn’t matter as well. I still have the way to let you escape.”
Shielding didn’t listen and understand what’s the meaning of this words, even he heard it, he would probably just think that Sheilor was just comforting him. People had already got used to the omnipresent of the First Charter in this world, even like Shielding this kind of professional, who could be good at hiding the strong ability under the romantic appearance, in the splendor of the First Charter, still didn’t have the extravagant hope to escape.
He just didn’t understand, why the Charter Bureau would take part in the thing which the FBI man hunted the spy of the anti-government army?
The light screen on the wrist watch was broadcasting the news, Sheilor and Shielding were watching quietly, their faces were getting serious gradually.
The news was telling the pursuit and gunfight which happened earlier on the ring expressway of the Coastal state, at the same time, the spokesman of the police system was accepting the interview of the TV station, he confirmed that the chased criminal by the joint of the FBI and the police, was exactly one of the main suspects of the yesterday’s big fire of the Capital state power output company, the authority had already put this suspect into the terrorist category.
Sheilor and Shielding took a look at each other, both of them could tell the complicated emotions in the eyes of each other.
“Were you in the Capital state yesterday?”
“I was in the Fucking Fart state yesterday.”
The related departments of the federal government, in order to end the Coastal state gymnasium assassination event as soon as possible, reduce the shock wave to the government, and in order to cover up some truths, that traitor of the anti-government army and some forces-- all parties found the way out for the resultant force, cooperated perfectly each other, hid the true accusation to chase Shielding, and with the name of the terrorist, won the permission coordination of the Charter Bureau.
They had to catch Shielding, or kill Shielding.
“After all, the government also can be shameless to this point.”
Sheilor sighed with emotion, and then he immediately thought of that uncle Fengyu had the comment for the First charter many years ago. Yes, no matter how accurate, how strong and how detailed the central computer, which was constrained by the Charter laws, the starting point was, after all, it’s still the machine controlled in the hands of the human beings. If the people controlling it had the problem, of course it would have the problem as well.
“The government has been always so shameless. I just didn’t think of such a big array, actually will be because of me this one man, I feel very honorable.”
While Shielding was assembling the guns, he was listening carefully to the actions in the headphones. Suddenly he wrinkled his eyebrows and said, “they changed the communication channel… I found nothing, there are some problems in this several minutes quietness, perhaps they have already been here around.”
After he finished this sentence, like performing the magic, Shielding pulled out an ultra-thin light screen by his side, some dark red small light dots appeared on the screen. 
Sheilor looked at this scene in a daze, thought that the agent is really the agent, they would have this kind of high-tech stuffs at their side at any time.
The ultra-thin screen seemed to be some kind of detection equipment, Sheilor never saw the things like this before. He took a look at the scale unit on it, it should cover the distance of five hundreds meters around this building. When Shielding chose here as the place to flee for his life, he should have installed a lot of monitoring equipments on the outside.
“They have already arrived here, but it seems that there are some other people.” Shielding looked at the light dots moving on the light screen, had a scratch on his hair, scratched the meticulous oily hair back to his that common messy hair, and he said with a smile, “I have to go now, you can go to hide in the basement.”
It’s I have to go now, not the we have to go now. 
Just in a little more than twenty minutes, the FBI had already found Shielding’s most secret hiding place, this first-class professional, in the splendor of the First Charter, really couldn’t have too much courage. He looked at Sheilor and said with a smile, “you have already been so stupid to come back to the Coastal state, I think that you won’t be so stupid to go the Dead Sea with me.”
“I am not stupid.” Sheilor lowered his head, put the original SIM card, which the working staff of the Tai family matched for him, back to the mobile phone, then he replied calmly, “although I never have the training like your that kind of professional trainings, but to deal with the First Charter, I would have more experiences than anyone in the Federation.”
After he finished this words, Sheilor raised his left hand, and aimed the on his wrist metal bracelet at Shielding’s nape.
However, the next moment, Shielding’s figure had already disappeared from the room. He jumped off from the balcony that place, just left the having the crutch by the side and moving inconveniently Sheilor in the room.
“It seems that he doesn’t have any confidence on me.” Sheilor had a smile, leaned on the metal crutch, and followed him to jump down from the balcony.
Shielding looked at Sheilor landing by his side in a daze, he slanted his head and gasped in admiration, “first, your skill is really good, the lame guy also could jump off the building; second, you are really not afraid of death… but how could I bring you this disabled guy to escape?”
Sheilor had a smile, but he really didn’t have any interest to quarrel with the other party at this moment, and he also didn’t have time to express touched. If what the Charter Bureau was tracking was really the chip of Shielding, then after he left, of course it would be safe for him to hide in the basement.
“The FBI people want to catch you, but perhaps some other people want to kill you.” Sheilor thought of when he was in the East Forest, the federal military launched the attack at the repair shop without any warning, then his mood was a bit heavy.
Walked across tow streets gingerly, at one crossroad, they two people were stopped for the search. Those were several dressed in black suits, had the ivory headset in the ear guys, it’s kind of like that they were anxious to declare to the whole world that they were the agents.
“If you can not kill, then don’t kill. I don’t want you really become the terrorist.” Sheilor pressed the peaked cap very low, covered most of his face, and retracted the obvious metal crutch back into the cylinder, held on Shielding’s shoulder, pretended to be a drunkard, and walked to the road junction where those several agents stood.
“It’s just twelve o’clock, won’t it be too early to get drunk?” Shielding lowered his head slightly, whispered in his ear, “furthermore, I have so many guns on me, even a fool can tell.”
“This is your problem, why can’t you learn something good, but learn the guerillas in the mountains?”
“Don’t forget, I am a guerrilla people originally… but your this peaked cap is pretty unique, where did you buy it?”
“Jane Sue gave it to me.”
“Who?”
“Jane Sue… well, you didn’t hear it wrong, but this is also a very long story.”
Walked to the front of those several narrowed the eyes and stared at the pedestrians alertly FBI agents, the non nutritional talk between Sheilor and Shielding was ended abruptly, they two people have the tacit understanding to separate at the same time.
The contracted crutch suddenly popped out from Sheilor’s hand, hit on the middle of the eyebrows of one agent; at the same time, his body also fell down to that direction, popped up a strange posture, and the elbow point hit on the nape of the other party ruthlessly.
At the same time when this agent fell down to the ground, those two agents, who Shielding was responsible for handling, were also been knocked out. These two people took a look at each other, both felt surprised and felt very satisfied with the combat effectiveness of the other party.


