The Federation
By
Steve Wharton

SMASHWORDS EDITION

*****

Published by:
Steve Wharton on Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Steve Wharton

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. Quotes used in reviews are the exception. No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own free copy.


This book is a work of fiction and any resemblances to persons, living or dead, or places events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are products of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously. 


CHAPTER ONE
Today was the first day of classes for the first class of the Academy; the students for both the Rouge Retrieval Unit and the Lycan Protection Unit were excited and nervous. These students would set the bar for all of the future classes, the first class for the Rouge Retrieval Unit would be hand to hand combat training and the first class for the Lycan Protection Unit was called story telling. The story telling class is where each student is presented with a series of events where Lycans have been exposed to human contact and they have to come up with a cover story to protect the Lycan community.
The hand to hand combat training is for the Lycan to be able to protect or take down any opponent that is attacking them. The instructor for the hand to hand training would be Mark Shuttle and the instructor for the story telling would be Sandy Russell.
The first week of training consisted of mostly physical training in the human form, as well as classroom training on the procedures that would need to be followed when out in the field.
The class for the Rouge Retrieval Unit started with thirty students and at the end of the first week of training the class now had only twenty five students. Two dropped out because of injuries and three were dropped because they were unable to meet the physical standards. The Lycan Protection Unit dropped seven students for failing to meet the educational standards, the class started with forty students.
The second week of training was a joint class on basic self defense. This was aimed at the female students so that they could be able to defend themselves in the event of an attack on them while in human form.
This class pitted the male students against the female students. Two students stood out from all the others. Sam Wilson stood six feet four inches and weighed almost two hundred fifty pounds. His dirty blonde hair and steel grey eyes and his physically fit body made him stand out from all the other students in the Rouge Retrieval Unit. The main problem that the other students and some of the instructors had was with his attitude. Sam felt that he didn’t need any one to succeed in the unit. Sam was as close to being a rouge as a Lycan could come without actually being one. Sam was a loner in his home pack and never fit in with the other pups when he was growing up.
Sam was pitted against a cute female Lycan named Darlene Simpson and she stood only five feet seven inches and weighed maybe one hundred thirty pounds soaking wet. Her red hair and green eyes made her strikingly beautiful. Sam decided he would take it easy on her because he thought he could get to know her better.
 Darlene stepped out on the map when her name was called followed by Sam. Sam felt confident that he could put her down with one hand. When the instructor told them to begin Sam was surprised at how quick this female was. Sam moved closer to her with the intent of grabbing her but when he reached out with his arms Darlene dropped to the floor and did a leg sweep on Sam and he fell to the mat and Darlene was on top of him and drew back her hand to hit Sam in the face.
The instructor blew his whistle to stop the two Lycans. Sam ignored the whistle and pushed up with his legs causing Darlene to lose her balance and Sam rolled out from under her and he took his massive arms and wrapped her up and he stood and slammed her on her back. The impact with the mat knocked the wind out of her. She lay on the floor and Sam went to pin her to the ground when he was grabbed from behind picked up into the air and he found himself lying on his back with a foot on his throat. Sam tried to squirm free from the foot but the more he moved the more pressure that was applied to his throat.
Sam slapped the mat to tell whoever it was that he gave up. The pressure was released from his throat and then the foot was gone. Whoever it was was helping Darlene and Sam had his back to him. Sam turned and lunged at the stranger and grabbed him by the throat. Sam had every intention of applying a choke hold to him. When Sam grabbed the stranger he found that the stranger had grabbed his arms and flipped Sam over his head and Sam hit wall stunned by the action of the stranger Sam let out a low growl.
The stranger stood and said, “don’t do it.”
Sam ignored the warning and jumped at the stranger. The stranger side stepped to the side and slammed a powerful fist to the back of Sam’s neck. Sam fell to the mat and he submitted to the stranger. The stranger said “I told you not to attack, you try something like what I just witnessed again and you will find yourself on a bus back to your pack.”
“Just who in the hell do you think you are?” Sam said.
“I am your boss and supervisor, Greg Jackson. You lost your temper and let it get the best of you. Being in the Rouge Retrieval Unit the last thing that you can do is lose your temper. One more incident like this and you will be history. Do you understand?”
Sam shook his head that he understood. “I’m sorry sir, it won’t happen again.”
Greg looked at Mark who was teaching the class and said “Mark send him to my office after class today. He and I need to talk.”
“Will do Greg, he will be there.”
Greg walked out of the training area and headed back to his office. He had Sam’s file brought to him and he sat down and reviewed Sam’s personal file. Greg leaned back in his chair and started leafing through the personal file on Sam Wilson. Looking at his history Sam will be a perfect addition but the big concern is his temper. Greg tossed the file back on his desk and got up and left his office. He went outside and try as he may he wasn’t sure how to temper down Sam’s temper and not kill his enthusiasm.
Mike walked up behind Greg and said, “My friend you look troubled.”
“Hey Mike, well I guess I am a little.” Greg went on and told Mike what happened in the class today and that he was in a dilemma on how to handle it.
Mike answered, “I would just chew on him a little and make sure he understands that his temper won’t be tolerated.”
“That makes a lot of sense, it shouldn’t curb his enthusiasm.”
Greg headed back to his office to meet with Sam and deal with the problem, an hour after he was back Sam came and knocked on his door.
“Come in Mr. Wilson and have a seat.”
Sam entered Greg’s office and took the seat right across from Greg. Looking Sam over Greg could tell that Sam was nervous and worried about what Greg would do.
“Mr. Shuttle said you wanted to see me sir.”
“That’s right Mr. Wilson, I am a little concerned about your temper, what happened today was totally uncalled for, I have reviewed your file and I see that you have a history of losing your temper, that has raised some big red flags about you. The last thing that I need in the field is a agent that cannot control his temper. Trying to bring a rouge in is hard enough and you may be required to use force to bring him or her in. Our goal is not to kill or injure the rouge, while I understand that it may happen from time to time, our goal is to bring them in unharmed. Do you understand that?”
“Yes sir I do. I know that it was stupid to lose my temper and I promise you sir it will not happen again.
Mr. Wilson, I believe you when you say it will not happen again. but I promise you this, if it does you will find yourself out of here and on your way back home. Now with that said I want you to maintain your level of enthusiasm, I want you to keep it up, you won’t be punished for using your talents and your abilities. The courses that all of you are taking are demanding and will push you to your limits, but you must know when to reign it in just like you will need to know when to use force or not to use force in the field.”
“Yes sir, I understand that. I can only say that I am not use to having a female put me down the way she did and I have learned a valuable lesson from it, and that is to be prepared for anything from anyone.”
“Very good Mr. Wilson. You are dismissed and good luck in your training and I look forward to see you graduate.
“Yes sir and thank you.” Sam got up and left Greg’s office and headed back to his dorm room. Before he headed to his room he wanted to find Darlene and try to make amends. When he arrived at the dorm building he spotted Darlene sitting on the ground reading and he walked up to her and said, “Miss Simpson may I speak with you a moment?”
“Sure what’s on your mind?”
“I wanted to apologize to you for today, I lost my temper and I should not have done that. Having a female drop me to floor like that is not something I am use to. I learned a very useful lesson because of that happening, Again I am very sorry Miss Simpson.”
“Don’t worry about it, I can understand it happening and please call me Darlene.”
“Thanks for being understanding, and please call me Sam.”
Sam and Darlene continued to see each other often after their classes during the next six weeks, They had become fast friends and were seen often together during their time at the Academy during class hours and then again after hours. Though neither admitted it to anyone it was believed that they were more than just friends.
Graduation day had finally arrived and the seven students from the Rouge Retrieval Unit class and the ten students from the Lycan Protection Unit were all excited that they had finished their classes. All seventeen of the students were offered positions with the Federation in their field. All of them would be given two weeks off to do as they wished before they reported back to Reidsville and going to work.
Jacob stood with Dawn, Chuck and his two twin pups Amanda and Susan and looked over the new headquarters of the United Lycan Federation; Jacob had never envisioned that he would be the one behind the creation of something like this. The Academy was graduating its first classes for the Rouge Retrieval Unit and the Lycan Protection Unit today, So much had happened since he and Linda had started this pack in what seemed like a lifetime ago.
There were almost five hundred Alpha’s along with their families and members from the High Councils from the other continents. This Federation has quickly become the leading authority for the packs. The Federation expanded the High Council from the original seven members to include members from Europe, Asia, South America, Australia, and Africa; this brought the total number to seventeen members on the High Council. The first order of business that they did was taking the Lycan book of laws and adopt them for the Federation. The High Council made three additional changes for the High Council. Councilmember’s would now be Sub-Alpha’s and the Chairman would now be the Alpha. They also changed the term of the council from two and four years to lifetime. The vote on the makeup changes to the High Council was not unanimous the vote was sixteen to one, the no vote coming from Jacob.
“You know Babe, This is a good day.”
 “Babe it’s a great day for the Federation.”
“I do have to agree with you.”
The graduation ceremony would be starting in less than an hour and all of the Alpha’s and their families were gathered and seated on the lawn facing the stage. The new High Council was seated in the front row. The one o’clock start time was quickly approaching and Jacob stepped onto the stage. The audience clapped when he walked to the podium and Jacob waited for the applause to stop.
“Thank you and welcome to the first graduation from the Academy. Our Rogue Retrieval Unit and the Lycan Protection Unit will be the driving forces behind the capture of rouge Lycans and providing a cover story for incidents that expose our packs to the human world. Before the actual graduation ceremonies begin I want to introduce the Lycans that have been making all of this happen, first is Alan Smyth, Alan is the Superintendent of the Academy and he reports directly to the High Council and to me. Next is Mike Russell and he is the Dean of Academics, he will deal with Lycans that are not maintaining the required grades to complete the course they are enrolled in. Last but not least is Greg Jackson he heads the Lycan Enforcement Department which has the Rouge Retrieval Unit and the Lycan Protection Unit. The audience applauded for the three of them. Now I will turn the podium over to Alan Smyth.”
“Thank you Jacob, my fellow Lycans today marks the beginning of a new era for all Lycans. The Lycans that attended the first classes for these two units have gone thru vigorous training in self defense and for the Rouge Retrieval Unit they had additional classes in hand to hand combat, surveillance methods and tracking, The Lycan Protection Unit went thru some of the same training but had added courses in for lack of a better term lying; but it is actually story telling in order to protect the Lycan community. I want to recognize the two top students from each class. For the Rouge Retrieval Unit the top student was Sam Wilson who came to us from Florida and the Lycan Protection Unit was Darlene Simpson who came to us from Iowa.”
The audience clapped and cheered for the two students and as the remaining twelve students that were graduating from each class received the cheers and clapping. All of the students were going to receive a two week vacation and then they would report to Greg for their first assignments.
 Sam and Darlene walked up and got in line where Greg, Alan, Mike and Jacob were greeting the Alpha’s that had come for the graduation. When they finally got to the heads of their unit and the academy they were both a little nervous. 
“Ah my two best students from our first class.” Mike the Dean of Academics said.
Alan, Jacob please let me introduce Sam Wilson and Darlene Simpson. They will be on two week’s vacation starting tomorrow, and then reporting to Greg for work.”
Alan and Jacob shook both of their hands and Jacob said, “From what I understand you two have set the standard for what new students will need to accomplish in order to become the best in each class.”
“Thank you sir.” Darlene said.
Where are you planning for your vacations?” Jacob asked.
“I going back home to Iowa and then my best friend and I are going to the Cleveland National Forest in California to do some camping.” Darlene said.
“And you Sam?”
“I’m staying here, I don’t have any family left alive and I need to move out of the dorm and into my own place.”
“Are you going to stay on the academy compound or the Reidsville pack territory or in the town Reidsville.?”
“The Federation territory has some great apartments for single Lycans and I thought I would check into one of them.”
“They are nice apartments; I’ve already rented one and moved into it.” Said Darlene.
“It was a pleasure meeting both of you.” Jacob said.
Darlene and Sam walked off and Sam said “see you later; I need to see about a place and start moving.”
“I’ll walk with you the apartment office if you want, I headed home anyway.”
“Thanks but no thanks I have to go to the dorm first.”
“OK just thought I would offer.”
Sam turned and walked towards the door and Darlene stood there watching as he walked away and Darlene thought “what a hot body .”
Darlene walked back to her new apartment and picked up her suitcase off the floor and then grabbed her plane ticket. She was glad to be going home and to see her parents and friends. It had been six months attending classes and doing the physical training that they went thru while here at the academy she was looking forward to the break.
Darlene was flying into Des Moines and then driving to her home pack just outside of Cherokee, she was excited to get back home. She arrived at the Charlotte airport almost three hours before her plane was supposed to leave, she walked around the airport killing time she ate a small lunch and finally headed to her gate. The plane would be loading in half-an-hour and she didn’t want to take any chance on missing the flight.
Once she got on the plane she opened her bag and took out a binder that had stories that she had written for any incidents that she might cross. She was going to start a library of possible covers for any incident that happen. 
She would be spending three days back with the pack then she and her best friend Tammy would head for California and camp at the Cleveland National Forrest. She had gotten completely engrossed it her stories and really didn’t pay much attention to the flight.
She heard the pilot announce that they were about to land in Des Moines and that all seats and tables needed to be put up for landing. Darlene put her binder away and sat back and waited for the plane to land. Fifteen minutes later the plane had taxied up to their gate and the door to the plane opened. She picked up her bag and stood as the passengers slowly got off the plane. Darlene finally got off the plane and walked the hall leading to baggage claim; she walked down the escalator and took the moving steps two at a time.
She picked up the scent of two different Lycans and knew right away that she was scenting her mom and dad. She picked up the speed going down the escalator and almost tripped. Darlene stepped off the escalator and spotted her mom and dad immediately. She ran up to them and she hugged and kissed each of them, she said “mom and dad it is so good to see you I’ve missed you so much.”
“Darlene we have missed you so much too. It is good to have you home. All of your friends have asked when you would be home.” Her mother said.
“Let’s go pick up your luggage.” Darlene’s dad said.
They walked over to the carousel that had her flight number on and a bell rang and the carousel started to rotate. Slowly luggage started to come out from behind the wall and on the second trip that the carousel made out came Darlene’s bag. She reached down and pulled her bag off of the carousel and said, “Ok got it I’m ready.”
“That’s all you have is one bag?” Her dad asked
“Yes dad that’s all I brought, I left the rest things at my apartment.”
“Apartment, you mean you’re going back?” Her mom asked.
“Mom I told you I took the job with the Lycan Protection Unit.”
“How soon are you going back?”
“I have to be back there in two weeks, but remember that Tammy and I are going out to the Cleveland National Forest and going camping for week, were leaving to go out there on Monday.”
“But that’s three days from now. That’s not much time at home.”
“Mom we are only going to be there for a week and then were coming home for the rest of the week.”
They reached her parents car and she put her suite case into the trunk and closed it then she got into the backseat of the car. Her dad pulled out and started the two hour drive back to their pack which was about five miles from Cherokee, Iowa.
“So tell me sweetie, what’s the academy like?”
“Mom it is just beautiful and so big. The teachers really take the time to work with each student and it is very disciplined.  If you screw up they really work you out, in both forms, mentally and physically, it’s really tough.”
“Did you get to meet any of the big wigs of the academy or this new Federation?” Her dad asked.
“I did I got meet the head of the academy and I even got to meet Mr. Matthews. The Alpha of the High Council of the Federation. You would like him dad he is just like you. He is fair but tough.”
“I’ve heard a lot about him, they say he is young, not very experienced.”
“Dad he has a lot more experience both in life and as an Alpha then most Lycans think. He has fought in and led his pack in three wars and led his pack against a group of vampires that attacked them. There are not many Lycans that have that much experience. Yes he is young, I think he is in his late twenties or early thirties, but he has a ton of experience.”
“Well we will just have to see he has a huge task keeping all of the packs around the world in line.”
“Dad you know as well as I do that’s what he has the High Council for.”
“Again we will just have to wait and see.”
“Oh dad.”
They turned on the dirt road that led back to the pack’s territory and as they got closer there were signs along the road that had all kinds of greetings for Darlene and welcoming her home, she didn’t realized how much she missed home until now. They pulled up to the house that Darlene grew up in and she just smiled at seeing her little brother and sister.
Jeremy and Michelle Simpson had grown up in this pack and so had Darlene. They hoped she would take a mate here, she had almost all the single males in the pack drooling all over her, though there were only five, all trying to court her. Louis Fowler the son of the pack Alpha had been her boyfriend but it seemed that she just was not ready to take a mate and when the opportunity rose to go to the new Lycan Academy she jumped at it. It seemed to Jeremy that his oldest would not live out her life here with the pack.
Jeremy was happy his daughter was going to be somebody important someday but he had hoped that she would have been the Alpha’s mate someday. Maybe she can become something in the new Lycan government.
They went into the house and Darlene took her bag up to her room. She gazed at the room she had not seen in four months and her mind filled with happy memories of growing up here. There was a knock at the door at the front door and Darlene turned and ran down the stairs and opened it and standing there was Tammy James, Darlene’s best friend. 
Darlene hugged Tammy and said, “Girl I sure have missed you.”
“I’ve missed you too, your just have to tell me all about the Academy, all the good looking males back there.”
Darlene just laughed and said, “in due time, in due time.”
The three days passed so fast because her family was keeping her busy and when she wasn’t doing something with them she was with Tammy and Louis Fowler. Louis was the most popular single male in the pack, due to him being the Alpha’s son. He was the one Darlene called her ex boyfriend. 
The girls were flying out the next morning to San Diego and they would pick up a rental pickup and drive to the Cleveland National Forest and the camp grounds where they would spend the next seven days.
The next morning Jeremy drove the two girls back to the Des Moines airport and the girls boarded their flight to San Diego and two hours later they touched down. They got off the plane and went and go get their luggage and went to the rental car agency and picked up the pickup truck that they had rented.
Leaving the airport they pulled onto Interstate five south and took it Interstate fifteen north. They made the short jog over to Interstate eight east. They stayed on I-8 until they reached the exit for the Cleveland National Forest almost an hour outside of San Diego. They pulled in and stopped at the Ranger Station and got their camp site and picked up a bundle of firewood for a dollar. That would hold them until they could find more in the forest.
They went to the campsite the Ranger pointed out on the map he had given them and they off loaded the truck. They went about setting up their tent and making up their sleeping bags. The finished stowing all of their clothes and got back into the pickup and drove into the small town of Allentown which was ten miles from the campgrounds. Once in town they stopped at the general store and picked up enough food to keep them going for a few days. They could always make more trips back into the town if needed. 
After they picked up their food they headed back to the campgrounds to settle in for the rest of the day. They had planned on making a hike on one of the trails that led up to the peak of Laguna Mountain the next day. 
Darlene and Tammy spotted a man come out of the tree line that was north of their campsite, they watched the man carefully as he walked toward them on the dirt road that circled the campgrounds. As the man came closer to them both Darlene and Tammy picked up the scent of the man and they immediately became alert as the scent was that of a Lycan. The man continued coming closer to their campsite and he finally stopped at the entrance to the campsite. When the man stopped he picked up the scent of the two females and knew right away that they were both Lycans.
“Good day ladies, how are you doing today?”
“We are doing fine, is there something that we can help you with?” Darlene asked.
“Thank you but no, I was just taking my daily hike and I saw that the two of you set up your camp today.”
“We came up here for a few days to enjoy the wilderness, we sure didn’t count on running into a Lycan up here.” Darlene said sensing that the Lycan was not a threat to them.
“You could say that for me as well, I haven’t come across but one other Lycan since I got up here a while back.”
“Is the other Lycan still up here.”
“Yea he is, seems to be some kind of research guy. He has been hanging around a wild pack of wolfs that roams around up here.”
“Thanks for letting us know that, if there is anything we can do for you while we are up here let us know. We will be here for the week then we are heading back home.””
“That goes for me as well I have a cabin to the north of here about three miles from here, just outside the National forest.”
“Ok thanks. Would you care for something to drink before moving on?” Tammy asked.
“Thank you but no, I have some water with me.”
“Ok, maybe we will see you later.”
“Maybe but I don’t think so, I don’t think I’ll come back this way, I don’t want to cause you folks any trouble. I’m a bit of a loner.”
“Well your welcome to stop in if your back this way again.”
“Thanks and you two have a good day and be careful out here.”
Thanks and you do the same.” Darlene said.
“What a hunk.” Tammy said.
“Golly girl all you think about is males.”
“Well I can’t help it.”
*****
Rodger Bennett was taking his usual walk down the mountain. He has been on Laguna Mountain almost four months after having been banned from his pack in Salt Lake City. He had beaten another Lycan almost to the point of death after the other Lycan had tried to harm his mate, the Lycan he fought with was the Alpha’s adult son. After the fight the Alpha stepped in and threw Bennett out of the pack and then he took the issue up with council of elders and they banned Bennett for life and they declared him a rogue. The female that was his mate was barred from having any communication with him or else she would have to suffer the same fate as Bennett did. With her parents still living and part of the pack she took the judgment of the high council instead of leaving.
When Bennett came to the edge of the forest he the two females setting up their campsite, He sat down on a fallen tree trunk and watched them set up the tent and take care of all the other things. He watched as they got into their car and drove out of the campground, He thought about getting up and leaving the campgrounds but decided to stay and see what the two females did when they got back provided it wasn’t to long. He would still have a three mile trip back to his cabin. He had spent about an hour waiting and watching and figured he needed to head back to his cabin when he spotted the females car coming thru the gate to the campgrounds, He watched as they drove up and parked back at their campsite and they got out and unloaded food and stored it in a cooler and in some larger box’s. After that they pulled up a couple of lounge chairs and settled down, he thought what a good time to check them out.
When Bennett finished talking with the females he headed back to his cabin, the hike back would take an hour he could change to his wolf form and make it back in twenty minutes but he would rather enjoy the hike.
Bennett was in great shape, before he left Utah he worked out in the pack gym three to four times a week. Bennett stood a tall six foot six inches and weighed almost three hundred pounds. His muscular body came from years of hard work and lifting weights. Rodger worked hard at keeping his body fit. Since he left Utah he had improvised with the weights and was using boulders.
While Bennett enjoyed seeing the females he would rather not see them again. When Bennett first arrived here just over three months ago he found an old abandoned cabin and he had been working on it for the last three months. He had replaced all the windows and repaired the doors, he did some work down in Alpine and made enough money to purchase new mattresses for the beds in the cabin He made repairs to the chairs and all in all was very happy with what he had accomplished with the place. Bennett did not want to have all that he had accomplished here ripped away like it had been back in Utah.
Bennett had come across the wild pack of wolfs several times and he enjoyed watching them, He especially like to see the way the pups interacted with the rest of the family. The entire pack was protective of the pups but none more so then the pups mothers. The pups would play fight with each other and sometimes they would gang up and play attack the Alpha. The Alpha seemed to tolerate the actions of the pups and watching them made Bennett wish he still had his mate and had pups of his own. After meeting the females he wished it even more.
On his hike back to his cabin he came across the wild pack again and watched as the pack ate on a deer carcass, the Alpha had eaten first and now the other males were taking turns eating and the females and the pups were waiting their turn, Every once in a while one of the pups would try to sneak in and grab a piece of meat but the males would run it off with a little nip and growl.
Bennett had watched the pack long enough and started to move away and make the hike back to his cabin and as he stepped his foot came down on a broken branch and it cracked. Bennett froze and looked at the Alpha who had become alert and was staring in his direction, Bennett carefully move away from the pack and headed back to his cabin.
CHAPTER TWO
Dr. Roy Marshall had been on Laguna Mountain for six months; he had been tracking and studying a pack of wild wolf’s trying to get a better idea on pack dynamitic’s. Identifying the roll of each wolf in the pack was his primary task, of course there was the Alpha, the male that ran the pack. All the other wolf’s bowed to its leadership He had the choice of any female in the pack but once he took a female he bonded with it for life.
One difference between a wild wolf pack and a Lycan pack was there was no beta wolf. The pack he was following only had ten adult members. There were four females and six males and six pups that made up the pack. 
Dr. Marshall watched as the pack was feeding on a deer caucus that they had killed. The Alpha must have already filled his belly as he was watching the other males eat as well as the area surrounding the pack. The females and the pups were obediently waiting for their turn to eat. 
Dr. Marshall was watching the pack and jotting down notes of things he saw in the pack, he was just starting to write down something about the pups trying to sneak into the carcass when he heard a branch snap. 
The sound appeared to be coming from the side of the pack and the Alpha had become alert and was staring in the direction of the noise, the Alpha got up and put himself between the noise and the rest of the pack. He kept a watchful eye in the direction of the noise but made no move towards the sound. The Alpha started to pace back and forth between the noise and the pack, he was letting out low growls to let whatever was there that he was ready if it came his way, The Alpha wolf stopped pacing around after several minutes and settled back down and laid down but still alert.
Dr. Marshall jotted down the sound and the actions of the Alpha wolf in his notebook. He wondered what could have made the noise. He guessed that it might have been a deer or some other animal and that it had moved away from the growls of the Alpha.
Dr. Marshall needed to stretch his legs so he decided to go and check out the campgrounds to see if there was anything new happening there. There had been people in and out all summer long and with late fall here most of the leaves had fallen off the trees so the main attraction to the mountains of seeing the colors of the leaves was gone and there were fewer people arriving.
He often followed the pack at night and they would search for scraps of food that the humans would leave out He watched once as some raccoons had gotten into some campers boxed food and tore open the box’s and the wolfs chased the raccoons away and had a feast on the food.
As he approached the campgrounds he picked up the scent of two different Lycans and they were both female. This put him on alert and he made an extra effort to stay downwind of the two scents. He came to a spot where he could see the two females and they were sitting in a pair of camp chairs and talking back and forth.
He watched as one of the females got up and started his way, Dr. Marshall backed off and moved deeper into the forest but the female kept coming his way when suddenly she stopped. He watched as she started picking up broken branches and making a pile out of them. He didn’t find the picking up of firewood uninteresting and he moved slowly away the female and he shifted his position . He would have to keep watching the females for a few days, never know when something interesting might happen.
He had hoped that his research would provide more information for Jennifer that she could use in the rehabilitation of rouge Lycans, he had long believed that a rouge could be rehabilitated. Until this new Federation came along no one had ever seemed to be interested in the project. Jennifer had already told him that she would be hiring more doctors in the future he held out hope of having a position with the Federation.
The studying of this wild pack of wolf’s had been a project he really didn’t care to do but the information he obtained from it could benefit the Lycan community more than studying a Lycan pack. The Lycans being an intelligent group of wolves tend to change what they do and how they act when they are being studied. The wild wolfs not having the intelligent’s of the Lycans didn’t know that they are being studied so there isn’t much change in their behavior.
When Dr. Marshall first found this pack the Alpha was very protective of his pack. The wolf could sense that there was something about this man that made him even more protective. Dr. Marshall changed one time to his wolf form and approached the pack, The Alpha wolf attacked him as he moved closer to the pack, Dr. Marshall felt the urge to fight the wild wolf but he backed down and submitted to the  to the Alpha. The Alpha not knowing that this was done on purpose allowed the Lycan to follow the pack but not join the pack.
From that point on Dr. Marshall was able to trail and track the pack without any of the members attacking him. He had been gaining valuable information on the living habits of the pack. 
*****
Danielle and Tammy finally got a fire going and put a pot with water in it on the side of the fire in a spot where it would heat the water but not make it boil. “That should be good and hot by the time we finish supper, then we can clean the dishes and have some hot water to clean ourselves up with,” Darlene said.
“You think of everything,” Tammy answered.
“I try,” answered Darlene with a smile on her face.
“I’ll tell you what that guy he was damn good looking. I sure wouldn’t mind a little time alone with him.”
“Good god Tammy that’s all you ever think about is sex.”
“I can’t help it guys turn me on.”
“You and men it’s going to get you into trouble some day.”
“I’ll take that kind of trouble anytime.” Tammy said with a smile on her face.
“I just don’t know what I’m going to do with you.”
“For now nothing but I’m going to go find some more firewood so we can keep the fire going.”
“Ok but be careful, you never know what is out there.”
“I will”
Tammy got up and headed into the woods away from the direction that the male had gone. She thought about circling back but they needed the firewood. She had gone about two hundred yards when she found a tree that had fallen and there was a lot of smaller pieces of branches laying around, she bent down and started picking up and stacking the broken branches. This would be enough firewood to keep them going for a while. She would take a load back to the campsite and have Darlene come back with her. Between the two of them they could carry it all back to the campsite in a few trips.
Tammy bend down to pick up a load to carry back and she picked up the scent of something, but before she could recognize the scent something hit her over the head and she passed out.
When she finally woke up it was dark outside and she was tied up and her mouth was gagged. She struggled trying to get herself free from the ropes that had her bound. She could feel she was on something soft and she looked down to see she was lying on a blanket, and she was in a room of what looked like a log cabin. It was then she realized that she didn’t have any clothes on. She heard a noise coming from the other side of the door and she tried to call out but it was just muffled. No matter how hard she tried she could not break free.
*****
The man quietly crept up behind the female and when she bent down and started to pick up a load of the branches he hit her on the back of her neck and head with his fists clinched together like a hammer. She dropped to the ground unconscious without making a sound. 
The man hoisted the female up and over his shoulder and he carried her back to his car. He had parked his car on the side of the main road just like he always did. If the other female tried to track her she would lose her scent here. The man took her to a cabin he had leased at Lake Cuyamaca, this cabin was his base of operation and it was remote from the rest of the homes and cabins around the Lake.
The man pulled into the driveway of the cabin and opened the back door of the car and he pulled Tammy out and hoisted her back over his shoulder. He carried her into the back bedroom and laid her on the bed. He went to the garage and got some rope and went back into the bedroom and he tied and gagged the female. While she was unconscious and tightly tied up the man drove into town of Julian and went to the hardware store. He purchased a sheet of plywood, some nails, a padlock and hasp. He drove back to his cabin and he went into the bedroom and nailed the sheet of plywood over the window and he then installed the hasp on the outside of the door. He closed the door and put the padlock in place locking the door.
He went outside and checked the window and because the blinds were closed no one would be able to tell that the window was sealed. The man went into the kitchen and made himself some lunch and waited until he heard some noise coming from the bedroom. He got up and went into the bedroom.
*****
The door to the room she was in opened and a man with a mask came in and said. “I’m glad to see you’re awake.”
“Who are you and what do want?”
“I’m someone that can be a very good friend or a very bad enemy.”
Tammy picked up the scent of a Lycan and she thought right away that the man they had seen earlier in the day had grabbed her but the scent seemed different so she was not sure. But why was she naked. What did this Lycan want? The answer to that last question would come to her soon. The man walked back into the other room and was gone for maybe five minutes and when he returned he was completely naked except for the mask he was wearing. 
The man walked over to Tammy and took the ropes one at a time that held Tammy prisoner and he pulled the rope for each leg and tied the rope so that her legs were spread wide apart.
Tammy saw his manhood was already hard and she could see what the man had intended for her. He dropped to his knees and he slowly brought his head down and had his tongue slowly glide up her stomach to her tiny little breasts. He flicked the nipples one at a time with his tongue. While his tongue worked on her breasts his hand slowly moved across her and was touching her between her legs.
Scared as Tammy was her body was reacting to the touching and she lifted her hips up to meet the man’s hands. She was scared to death but the man was using his fingers to pleasure her with each thrust of his fingers she thrust her hips up to match the rhythm of his fingers.
Tammy’s fright began to fade and the lust of this man taking her with his fingers was working on her. She soon exploded her juices all over his fingers. The man kept at her love box and she felt the excitement rising again. She was wanting more after the man made her explode three more times. The man slid his head down and slowly slid his tongue into her love box. He worked his tongue like an old pro and made her cum again.
Tammy had never had a man make her explode the way this man was. While she may be in danger, the lust for this man was overwhelming and she wanted all this man could give her. The man showed her his manhood and he stroked it for her, she pushed her hips up as to invite the man to take her. The man got down on his knees again and holding his massive cock in his hand he guided it into her pussy. Slowly the head penetrated her lips and she could feel the massive size slide into her. Slowly back and forth he move his hip causing his shaft to move in and out of her. Tammy was going crazy and she wanted him to fuck her hard. She started to move her hips up and down as fast as she could to match his thrusts. The man quickly realized what she was doing and he started to move his cock back and forth fast and hard. Tammy exploded again just before the man did. When the man was finished putting his load into Tammy he pulled out of her and got up and walked out without saying a word, this same routine continued throughout the night.
Tammy didn’t know how many times he had raped her but it seemed that every time the man came into the room he would have his way with her. She didn’t know how long she had been here but it was long enough that she was becoming sore from all the sex the male was having with her. Sometimes he would please her and get her so wet that it didn’t hurt and then he would come in and just fuck her without getting her wet first, causing her a lot of pain
All she wanted was to get away from here and back to her life, but she knew it would never be the same again, as much as she would want a normal life it would never be normal again. If she could find a way she was going to get out of here and kill this Lycan.
*****
Darlene was getting worried, Tammy had been gone just over an hour, and Darlene decided to follow the path that she took when she left. Tammy’s scent was still fresh and it made it easy for her to follow her even in her human form. Once she made it into the forest she could change to her wolf form if necessary. The trail Tammy had left made it easy for Darlene to follow. She came up to the stack of branches and she picked up another scent but it was very faint like it was an old scent.
Darlene looked over the area and she found some small drops of blood, the blood drops were still wet even though they had started to gel. She tried to follow Tammy’s scent but it was becoming mixed with another and she was having a hard time tracking it. She searched for any other sign to see which way Tammy might have gone but she was not having any luck. Tammy would not have walked off without telling Darlene.
Darlene searched for almost four hours and found no other trace of Tammy. She returned to the campsite and called her dad and said, “Daddy I need some help Tammy has disappeared. I’ve searched the whole campgrounds and the forest for over four hours and I can’t find her. It’s just not like her to go off like this.”
“Baby girl, you stay at the campgrounds, I call her father and I’ll be out there as soon as I can.”
“Ok daddy I will.”
Jeremy hung up from his daughter and he dialed the number for Richard James and when he answered Jeremy said, “Richard we have a problem Tammy is missing from the girl’s campsite. Darlene said she has searched for over four hours and has been unable to pick up her scent. She needs us out there.”
“I can be ready to leave in less than an hour.”
“I’ll pick you up in an hour and we can drive to Des Moines and catch a plane to San Diego.”
“I’ll see you then.”
The two men hung up the phone and Jeremy knew they were going to need more help than just him and Richard. He called Darlene’s cell number back.
“Baby girl its dad, is there any of your new friends from the academy that might be able to help? That place is just too big for the Mr. James and me to search.”
“I don’t know daddy I’ll call back there and see what I can do.”
“OK but try to stay calm, Mr. James and I will be there as soon as we can.”
“Ok daddy and hurry.”
“I will.” Jeremy gave his daughter the flight information and told her to pick them up at the airport in San Diego.
When Darlene and her dad hung up Darlene started thinking about who she might be able to call. All of the people she had met at the academy have gone home on vacation. Then it hit her, she could call Mr. Jackson her new boss, he would know what to do. Darlene dialed Mr. Jackson’s number and he answered it on the second ring.
“This is Greg Jackson may I help you?”
“Mr. Jackson, this is Darlene Simpson, I don’t know who else to call, a friend of mine and me went camping out in California and she went to get some firewood and now she is missing. I found a place where she had stacked some wood and there was some wet blood but I searched for over four hours and I can’t find her.”
“Calm down Miss Simpson, how long has she been missing?”
“All together about six hours now. Also there is a lone Lycan out here.”
“Sit tight I’m coming out there, I’ll call you when we get out there.”
Greg hung up the phone and he told his wife that he was headed to California he just received a tip on a possible rogue and he may have kidnapped a single female were. Greg called Sam Wilson and when he answered Greg said, “Mr. Wilson I know you are on vacation but I could use your help if you’re willing to cut your vacation short.”
“Yes sir whatever you need.”
“Meet me in front of your apartment in an hour pack enough clothes to last a week.”
“Yes sir.”
Greg hung up and got a suite case from the attic and packed his clothes and then took them out to his car. He drove to Wilson’s apartment and picked him up and he explained to his student what had happened and Sam was more than eager to help. He liked Darlene Simpson and wanted to help find her friend. They drove to the airport in Charlotte and caught the first plane to San Diego.
“Mr. Jackson what do think the chances are that this rogue Lycan has Simpson’s friend.”
“I would say better than fifty percent chance and call me Greg you’re not a student anymore you’re a collogue.”
“But you are still my boss.”
“Like I said you’re a collogue now and right now you’re my partner.”
“Ok will do.”
“They landed in San Diego three and a half hours later and Greg went to rent a car. They headed to the exit when Greg spotted Darlene.
“What are you doing here, I told you to sit tight at the campgrounds.”
“I’m picking up my dad and Tammy’s dad. They want to help.”
“We can use all the help we can get at this point.”
Darlene spotted her dad coming down the stairs and into the baggage claim and she ran up to him and hugged him and said, “Oh daddy thank you for coming. Mr. James I am so sorry I should have never left her go into the woods alone.”
“Now, now Darlene don’t worry about that let’s worry about finding her.”
“Yes sir, come on over here I want you to meet someone.”
The three of them walked to where Greg and Sam were standing and Darlene said, “Dad, Mr. James I want you to meet Mr. Greg Jackson and Sam Wilson. Mr. Jackson is my boss and head of the Lycan Enforcement Department and Sam and I graduated together.
Jeremy shook Greg’s hand followed by Richard and then they shook hands with Sam.
“I hope you brought more than just the two of you Mr. Jackson.” Said Jeremy.
“No sir just the two of us but if I need more help I can get it.”
“Awful full of yourself aren’t you?”
“No sir, Jacob would not have put me in this position if that was the case.”
“Who’s Jacob?”
Jacob Matthews’s sir the Lycan that started the Federation.”
“You know him personally?”
“Yes sir I do, not only is he the Alpha of the High Council he is the Alpha of my pack and a good friend.”
“So that’s how you got your job?”
“No sir I had to apply for it just like everyone else and go before the High Council. Jacob removed himself because he knew me.”
“Now that says a lot about him.”
“Gentlemen I think we better get up to the campgrounds before we lose any of the sign or scent.”
“Agreed, let’s roll,” said Richard.
The five of them went out to their cars and headed to the campground. They arrived almost at the same time and they pulled into Darlene and Tammy’s campsite. They got out of their cars and Greg said, “Show me where you found the stack of wood and the blood.”
“This way.” Darlene led Greg, Sam her dad and Tammy’s dad to the stack of wood. When they arrived at the stack of wood Greg looked over the area and said, “She went that way” pointing to the northeast.
“How can you tell?” Jeremy asked.
“I’ve picked up her scent, and the scent of another, and I think it’s a Lycan.”
“It’s been over twelve hours and you can still pick it up?”
“Mr. Simpson, when we did tracking in the academy Greg was able to track after twenty-four hours had passed.”
“Are you really that good Greg?” Asked Richard.
“I won’t brag on what I can do, I’ll let you decide after we get your daughter back.”
“Mr. James he is that good. I heard the stories of what he did during the war he was the tracker for Mr. Matthews.”
Greg turned and started walking toward the east and Jeremy asked where he was going and Greg told him that he was going after Tammy. They moved along to the east and Greg would stop every so often to re-scent or examine some feint tracks. They came to a stream and Greg stopped, “she crossed here and she is not alone. She is with a man about two hundred fifty pounds, it looks like the man is carrying her.” They crossed the stream and Greg told the two fathers to go upstream for about two hundred yards and he sent Sam and Darlene downstream the same distance. Greg headed due east for about a hundred and then zig zaged back to the bank. He found no sign or trace that they came this way.
Sam called to Greg and said he found some tracks the Greg needed to look at. Greg made his way to Sam and Greg bent down to examine the tracks. “This is them he came this way, and it looks like he has changed his direction to southeast. Get the fathers back down here.” Greg said.
Sam took off and caught up with the fathers and told them that “Greg has examined some tracks that Darlene and I found and he confirmed that they are the man’s that has Tammy.”
Greg tracked them for another hour and they came to the main road thru the mountains and he lost all sign of any tracks or scents of the man or Tammy. Greg searched the area and could not find anything. “Folks I’ve lost the trail here at the road. I am at a lost to say what direction they went or if they are even still on foot. Let’s head back to the campsite I want to look around.”
The five of them made the 2 hour trip back to the campsite and took a break for a little while. Greg kept pacing back and forth, he was sure he would find something but he only led them on a wild goose chase. Greg walked down to the road that went around the campground and he picked up the scent of a male Lycan. He wasn’t sure if it was the same man or not, the man he had been tracking had a lot of Tammy’s scent one him.
“Darlene come down here please.”
She walked to where Greg was standing and said, “Yes sir what’s up.”
“You didn’t tell me that there was a male Lycan that had been here.”
“I’m sorry I forgot about, I was so wrapped up in finding her from the woodpile that it slipped my mind.”
“Put that first in class mind to work tell me everything you can about the male that was here.”
“Well let’s see he stood about six foot six inches and weighed almost three hundred pounds. His body was very muscular, I could tell by the shirt he was wearing it was tight and it showed a very tight stomach and he had large muscular arms. He had dirty blond hair; I couldn’t see what color his eyes were.”
“Very good, nice description.”
“Thank you sir.”
“Darlene please call me Greg you are not a student anymore.”
“Yes sir I will.”
“You and everyone else stay at the campsite; I am going to have a look around.”
“Yes sir, I mean Greg.”
Greg left the campsite in the direction that Darlene had indicated that the male Lycan had come from. Greg picked up the scent of the male and Greg followed the scent of the Lycan and found where the man had entered the forest, Greg continued to follow the scent and it was very obvious that this Lycan was not trying to hide his trail or scent. Greg followed him for about three miles to an old cabin sitting just outside the national forest. He watched the cabin for the better part of three hours and he saw no sign of life at all.
Greg decided to move closer to the cabin and he made it to a window on the back side of the cabin. He peeked into the window and could see what looked like a living room and that a lot of work had been done to upgrade this cabin. Greg carefully and slowly made his way around the cabin and he did not pick up the scent of Tammy.
Greg walked to the front door and was about to knock when the door opened and the man said, “Can I help you? I really don’t like people snooping around my home.”
“I’m sorry for that sir but I am looking for a female that has disappeared from the campgrounds in the National forest. Are you aware of them?”
“Yes I am I saw them yesterday and they told me they would leave me alone if I left them alone, I agreed and left.”
“I won’t beat around the bush sir, my name is Greg Jackson and I am with the Lycan Federation Rouge Retrieval Unit. We had a report of the missing girl and that there was a loner or rouge up here.”
“Mr. Jackson I keep to myself, I don’t bother anyone. I hunt a few deer and rabbits. I honestly have not seen the female since yesterday at the campsite. I was walking into the campgrounds and I picked up the scent of the females and thought I would go and check them out, that’s all. I will admit they are both cute but they are too young for me. But sir if I can be of any help let me know. I’m Rodger Bennett”
“Thank you Mr. Bennett I am sorry to have bothered you but I might take you up on your offer.”
Greg turned and started to leave and he stopped and turned around, “One more thing Mr. Bennett can you tell me what is southeast of here?”
“You have Imperial County that leads out into the desert and you have Lake Cuyamaca. Now if that is all have a good night,” and the man closed the door.
Greg left the cabin and headed back into the forest and back to the campsite. He changed to his wolf form so he could make better time going back. When Greg was almost back at campgrounds he shifted back to his human form and continued on. Greg heard a noise like a twig being stepped on and he spun around and was staring into the eyes of a chocolate brown male wolf. The wolf was showing his teeth and Greg could tell the wolf was not happy about him being here. The wolf circled Greg and kept growling at him and Greg knew that the wolf was going to attack at any second.
The male wolf jumped at Greg and he easily sidestepped the attack even in human form, Lycans have lightening fast reflexes, and the wolf sailed past him, he shifted to his wolf form and made ready for the wolf to attack. When the wolf stopped he skidded from missing Greg he turned and looked at was now a wolf. Greg’s wolf was much larger than the male that was facing him. He growled and thought about snapping at Greg but Greg stepped toward the other wolf and he let out a long low growl. The male wolf took a step back and Greg leaped at the male and knocked it to the ground.
The male started to get up and Greg grabbed the males throat between his jaws and started to squeeze. Greg could taste the blood of the male knowing that his fangs had pierced the skin of the wolf and he stopped squeezing. The male knew that he had been beaten and submitted to Greg. Greg released the male and walked slowly away from the male wolf and changed back to human form. The male got up and trotted away from the Lycan. Greg walked back into the campsite and sat down and asked if there was any water. Darlene brought him a bottle of water and he just sat and starred at the ground. He was not sure what his next step would.
CHAPTER THREE
Shortly after Marshall arrived back at the wild pack he observed that something had happened and saw that the old Alpha had been replaced as the Alpha. He was still in the pack but one of the younger but mature wolfs was now the Alpha. The wolfs had grown accustomed to Marshall and they had most likely scented that he was a were so he had been able to walk right into their pack and not have any of the wolfs attack him in the past. He started to head down into the pack when the new Alpha growled and showed his teeth telling Marshall not to come any closer.
Marshall stopped but did not back down, his inner wolf wanted to fight the younger less experienced Alpha. Marshall held his ground and the Alpha of the pack would not back down. The packs Alpha started to move forward and was in the attack position Marshall shifted to his wolf form and he snarled at the Alpha. The younger wolf jumped and took a swipe at the flanks of Marshall. The Alpha wolf missed and turned just in time to find Marshall jumping at him and watched as the larger wolf landed on top of the Alpha. Marshall bit down hard on the back of the neck of the wolf. It yelped in pain but tried to fight back. Marshall shifted his grip and he bit down again and blood filled Marshall’s mouth. Marshall shook his head back and forth as hard as he could and he felt the wolfs neck snap. The wolf fell to the ground dead; Marshall wanted the old Alpha back in charge of the pack so he walked to the old Alpha and submitted himself to the to the old Alpha. The old Alpha stood up and howled in victory if as he had beaten Marshall. Marshall left from the packs den and walked out of sight and shifted back to his human form.
Marshall was surprised at how good it felt to fight; he had not been in one real fight for over ten years. The fact that he defeated the pack’s new Alpha made him feel good but he needed the old Alpha back in control of the pack. With the older Alpha in charge the remainder of the pack would allow him to come in close and observe them.
Marshall spent the remainder of the day watching the pack and jotting down notes as the pack went about its day. The most exciting thing that had happened was the Alpha had ran down a deer and had killed it, he watched the Alpha eat first and then the other males followed by the females and the pups. Marshall left the pack and headed back to his cabin by the lake. The sun was starting to go down by the time he pulled back into his cabin.
*****
The Mystery man had neglected his chores around his cabin, He was falling behind in his maintenance work around the cabin. He had been too busy having fun with the female that he had tied up in the bedroom. He was fucking her three to four times a day and he had not left any hole alone. He had gotten to the point that he was leaving the gag out of her mouth and only keeping one leg and one arm tied up. He kept a bucket in the room for her to go to the bathroom in. The window to the bedroom had the piece of plywood nailed over it and he kept the padlock on the hasp so there was no chance she could escape and no chance that anyone could see in to the cabin.
The mystery man opened the door to the room and walked in. Tammy pulled back not wanting to get rapped again. The mystery man said, “I have to go out for a while, you be a good girl and I’ll give you something extra special tonight. If you scream or try to escape well let’s just say you won’t like the punishment.”
The man closed and locked the door and left his cabin and drove to the campground to see what if anything was happening. He was sure that the missing female would have caused a stir with the people in the campground. What he saw left him puzzled the other female at the campsite had four male Lycans that appeared to be now searching for the missing female. The man kept his window closed so they would not be able to pick up his scent as he drove by. He would have to stay away from the campground for now, he did not want anyone to know he was here.
Should he be discovered or the fact that he had taken the female be discovered then he would most likely be killed in a fight with the four male Lycans now at the campgrounds. He followed the dirt road and headed back to his cabin by the lake.
He opened his door and walked into the cabin and shut the door behind himself and slid the deadbolt locking the door. He opened the padlock that kept the bedroom locked and walked in and found Tammy lying on the bed asleep. The man walked over to Tammy and woke her. He inspected the ropes that kept her a prisoner and found them intact. He gave her his special prize and he rapped her two times that night.
*****
Greg was a little dejected that he had not found Tammy the first night and he knew that he was going to need some help. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and called back to his pack and got the number for the San Diego pack. He hung up from his pack and called the San Diego pack. The Alpha answered and Greg identified himself and explained what had happened and he asked the Alpha for help in searching for the missing female.
The San Diego pack was indebted to Jacob and to Greg so when he asked for help they were eager and ready to help. The pack arrived in three bus’s an hour after Greg had called them. The San Diego pack got off the buses and the pack Alpha Sid Martin was the last one to step off the bus. Greg walked up to Sid and said, “Sid my friend how are you doing?
“I’ve been doing great, I’m sorry that we have to see each other under these circumstances and  sorry I couldn’t catch up with you at the graduation last week.”
“That’s my fault; I’ve been busy setting up this unit.”
“You said you have a missing female up here.”
“I sure do, I tracked her up to the main road coming out of Julian and I lost all scent of her. I also have a Lycan named Rodger Bennett has a cabin close to the peak. Not the most friendly fellow but offered to help if he was needed.” 
“I know him; he comes down to the pack once in a while. Quiet fellow, but seems to be an ok guy, I would be surprised if he was the one who took your female.”
“I hope your right Sid, but what makes you say that?””
“Like I said Greg he comes down to the pack every once in a while. He is very polite and he has never disturbed the pack in any way.”
“That’s good to know he said he would help if we needed him. Right now I’m not planning on using him.”
“Well it’s nice to know he will be there if we need him.”
“Come on with me I want you to meet some others that are with me and lay out our search areas.”
Sid and Greg walked over to the campsite and when they arrived, “Jeremy, Darlene, Sam and Richard, this is Sid Martin he is the Alpha from the San Diego pack. Sid; Jeremy and Darlene are father and daughter and Darlene is Tammy’s best friend. Richard James is Tammy’s father. Darlene also works for me in the Protection Unit.”
“Ah, the liars.” Sid said laughing.
“Yea you could call them that.” Greg answered.
“Sam here also works for me in the Rouge Retrieval Unit.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet all of you; I wish it was under better circumstances. I will tell you this folks you won’t have a better man on the job than Greg. If she can be found he will find her.”
“Now let’s get to work, here is our map of the forest and the surrounding area, Sid split your people up as you see fit to cover the most area. I would suggest that we split the area up into sections or sectors. Take Jeremy, Richard and Sam and pair them up with your folks. I will tell you this, Sam is a fantastic tracker too. You and Darlene stay here and coordinate the tracking parties I’m going back to where I lost her scent and try and pick it up again, if I do I’ll let you know.”
“Whatever you need you just let me know Greg and I’ll get to it ASAP.”
“Thanks Sid.”
Sid split his pack up to cover the north eastern section of the forest first and he included the other’s from Greg’s party with his pack. The first reports started coming in an hour after he had sent the search parties out, so far no one had found anything at all,  and Sid would shift them to another area of the park.
“Mr. Martin, how long have you known Greg?”
“Since the Western Alliance tried to take over the whole Lycan world. The leader of the Alliance had our old Alpha killed and destroyed most of the pack but it was Greg that made them pay for that and was responsible for me becoming the Alpha. I know him pretty damn good. You will not ever have a better boss or friend. The only Lycan that I know that is better than Greg is Jacob Matthews himself.”
“You know him too sir.”
“You bet I do, Jacob will give you the shirt off his back. He was the one that is responsible for the Federation though he won’t take credit for it. He has been through more that most Lycans twice his age.
“I hope to get to know them someday. I have only met them in a school environment and out here in the real world I know it’s going to be different.”
“You will learn fast with the both of them that if you give it your all and do your best you won’t ever have any problem with them, just go thru the motions and you won’t last long around them.”
“I can tell you one thing for sure they will always get my best.”
“Then you will go far.”
*****
The radio crackled and one of the search parties in sector two was chasing a Lycan. They stopped him to talk with him and he ran when they asked him about Tammy. They reported they were having trouble keeping up with him. The description of the Lycan was a male, black hair  about five feet seven inches tall and he can run like hell.
Sid told them to do their best but that they were not to engage in any type of fight with him, and to try to stay as close as they could and follow him. Sid was about to call Greg on the radio when he heard Greg come over the radio and say that he copied what had been reported about the runner and that he was going to head in their direction and see if he could be of any help.
Greg headed in the direction of sector two and he was in full run in his wolf form. He wanted this Lycan that ran. He had not been able to find any scent of Tammy at all back at the road and was going to head back to the campsite in just a little while so him heading to help out the search party was not interrupting anything.
Greg decided to head for the far side of the sector and try to cut the runner off. When he entered the sector he figured that he was way out in front of the runner, all he had to do was wait for him to come this way and he would have him. Greg’s wolf kept scenting the air but wasn’t picking up any Lycans at all. He started to move deeper into the sector and hoped to cut them off. 
Fifteen minutes later the rescue party came upon Greg and Greg shifted to his human form, and said “What happened to the runner, he didn’t pass me.”
“We lost all sign of him a couple of miles back. We were hoping to catch some sign of him this way.” One of the rescuers said.
Greg just said “Damn. What else is back this way?”
“You start down the mountain and head into Imperial County or go south and you hit Lake Cuyamaca. I doubt he went there especially this time of year. The lake is crawling with tourists trying to get in the last vacation of the year before the cold weather sets in, if you go north you hit the interstate and the mountains keep going far to the north.”
“If you were him which way would you go?”
“I’d keep going east and down into Imperial County.”
“Why?”
“There are a million places where a Wolf or a Lycan could jump to and cause us to lose the track and the same number of places to hide.”
“Ok makes sense.”
“Ok return back to your search of the sector and continue tracking and good luck.”
The rescue party turned and left and went back to trying to find any sign or scent of Tammy. Greg headed back to the campsite to check in with Sid
*****
“Mister, why are you doing this to me?” Tammy asked.
“Now don’t ask so many questions, I’m doing this because I want to. No one knows that I’m here and I have free reign over the forest and the area around here. I don’t have to worry about you turning me in to anyone so I can have my way with you.”
“How do you know I won’t turn you in?”
“Because your mine now and you will be forever more.”
“Mister my friend Darlene she works for the United Lycan Federation and she will have them out here looking for me.”
That comment stopped the man in his tracks, If this female knew someone who worked for the Federation then she could not be left alive to turn him in. He would have to pump her for more information.
“So tell me who is your friend what does your friend do.”
“Darlene Simpson and she works for the Lycan Protection Unit.”
“Can’t say as I know her or what the Lycan Protection Unit is.”
“The Lycan Protection Unit takes care of handling the humans if something happens and we Lycans become known to them.”
Now the man really had a problem, he would have his way with this female a little while longer then he would have to kill her. He could not let her turn him in, he has worked way too hard to let some country girl ruin everything for him. Now he was glad that his cabin was on this side of the lake and away from all the tourists.
“Now what am I going to do with you?”
“You could let me go, I won’t tell anyone.”
“Now I somehow just don’t believe that.” And the man left the bedroom and locked it behind him.
Tammy was really getting worried now, she was betting that this Lycan would not let her go and he probably would kill her. She had to find some way to get away. Tammy heard the outside door slam shut and she wondered where her captor was going now.
The man needed to clear his mind so he decided to go and do a little hiking. He left the lake and headed back into the National forest and found his usual parking spot and pulled into it and locked his car and headed out to the north well clear of the campgrounds.
As the man was hiking north he came upon a wild pack of wolfs and he spotted another man that appeared to be doing some kind of research on the wolfs, he watched for a few minutes and then he spotted some more men, they split into two groups and they were circling around the man that was doing the research on the wolfs. He decided that there were getting to be too many people in this area so he continued to the north on his hike.
*****
Dr. Marshall found the wild pack in its den area and he was glad to see his old friend was back as the Alpha. He observed the wolfs for half an hour and then he started taking note’s. All of a sudden the Alpha’s ears stood straight up and he started working his nose. He was picking up something and he moved his pack out of sight. A couple of minutes passed and several men walked into the packs den and started looking around. They all stopped to talk a few minutes and two of the group went to Marshall’s left and the rest went to his right. He watched as the two groups disappeared into the forest.
No doubt the pack would return in a little while and resume their day to day living. He froze in his tracks as he heard the snap of a branch behind him. He slowly turned to see all five of the men that had been down at the packs den. “Can I help you gentlemen?” Marshall asked.
“Yes sir can you tell us what you are doing up here?”
“Sure, I am doing research on how  a Wild Pack reacts and how they live, I’ve been up here for the last six months following the pack you all just ran off. I am Dr. Roy Marshall.”
“Sorry to have disturbed you doctor but we have some Lycans from the Federation and most all of the San Diego pack up here, we are searching for a missing female.
“My god I’m sorry to hear that is there anything that I can do to help?”
“I don’t know right now but if you could please go to the National park campgrounds and check in with Greg Jackson from the Federation I would appreciate it.” 
“I’ll head there now.”
“Thanks Doc, I’ll let them know your coming in.”
Marshall got up and heard the Lycan with the radio call into the campground and told them that a Dr. Marshall would be coming in there in a little while. He had been up here researching a wild pack of wolfs. Marshall needed to keep his calm he had to go down there to the campground and talk with some Lycan named Greg. 
Marshall had noticed that he was starting to get some rouge tendencies and the last thing he wanted was to be branded a rouge. Marshall walked back to his car and drove to the campgrounds and easily found the group looking over something on a picnic table and he spotted another female. 
Marshall got out of his car and walked up to the group around the table and Greg looked up and said, “You must be Dr, Marshall. I’m Greg Jackson from the United Lycan Federation.”
“Hello Mr. Jackson, yes I’m Dr. Marshall I was asked to come here and speak with you about your missing female but I really don’t think I’ll be able to help you.”
“How long have you been up here?”
“I’ve been here six months doing research on a pack of wild wolfs once I compile my notes I am going to forward them to Dr. Jennifer Deal. I hope they can be of help to her in her new position at the Academy.”
“I know Jennifer. She has a tall job in front of her in trying to rehabilitate rouges.”
“Have you seen a lone female around in your travels up here in the mountains?”
“I’m afraid not but I will keep my eyes open.”
“Also we found two other Lycans up here, I’ve talked with one on the north side of the forest he said he saw the two females here at the campgrounds but has not seen them since. The other ran when we tried to stop and question him but he got away.”
I’ve seen the Lycan up to the north he’s pretty much a loner and I haven’t seen the other one.”
“Thanks for coming in Doc and if you can think of anything else stop by and let us know and please keep your eyes open for us.”
“I wished I could have been more help, and I will keep my eyes open.”
Marshall turned and left and got into his car and headed back to his cabin on the lake. During the trip back to the cabin Marshall was trying to figure out why someone would take a young female.
*****
As the man was continuing to the north he wondered who this female was that so many people would be out looking for her. He was wondering what he was going to do with the female. He knew he would have to kill her but then came getting rid of her body.
He reached the interstate highway and he looked around and realized where he was Willy peak was just off to his right and an old farm house was off to his left. He was close to ten miles from his cabin and maybe 4 miles to the campgrounds. He figured he had better head back to his cabin just in case they started to search that way. He turned around and headed back to the south east an where his car was parked. To prevent running across any of the people that were searching for the female he crossed the main road leading back to Julian and back into the forest. He loved the hiking and somehow being out in the open like this made him feel good.
When he arrived back at the cabin he walked in and unlocked the door to the room where he was holding the female. “Well it seems like you were right they are here looking for you, but they are looking in the wrong place. Even if they come this way they won’t find you.”
“Please Mr. let me go.”
“When I’m thru with you.”
“What more do you want from me?”
“A lot dear, a lot.”
As soon as he said that the man dropped his pants and walked to Tammy and he rammed his rock hard love pole right into her ass and Tammy screamed from the pain. The man moved his rod in and out as fast and as hard as he could, when he exploded his load into her he flipped her over and he plunged his rod into Tammy’s love box and he hammered it in and out as hard as he could, he had made up his mind that she was going to be ruined before he was finished with her. The man worked her over and over again for more than an hour. Tammy had reached the point that she was not crying from being raped anymore. All she felt was hatred for the Lycan. Somehow she was going to make him pay.
The man was finished with her for now. He backed away and pulled his pants back on and he left the bedroom locking it behind himself. The man went out to the front porch and sat down in one of the chairs, he had some thinking to do. He would need to find a way do get rid of this female, she would be very dangerous to let live. Disposing of the body would be easy he would tie chains around her and dump her in the middle of the lake in the middle of the night. All he had left to do was kill her, but before he did that he figured he had four or five more days left to use her.
CHAPTER FOUR
Greg looked at Sid and said, “you know something about that guy that I don’t like, I’m not sure he was telling the truth. I didn’t sense that he was lying outright but I think he may had been omitting something”
“He was a bit odd, I’ll give you that.”
“Maybe because of what he is doing, I don’t know.”
“Never know Greg.”
“Oh well I want to find the runner. I want to know what he was running from and why he is running from us.”
“We will find him, there may be a lot of places that he can hide but his scent will give him away.”
“Let’s put round the clock patrols in sectors two, four and six. I want those areas covered for a couple of days, if we don’t find him in that time we pull out and keep searching. Maybe head further to the east and south”
“You got it Greg.”
The first two days passed slowly and the San Diego pack had finished searching the National forest. Sid said “Greg may I suggest we move the search area towards the cabin to the north, down the mountain towards the east and Imperial County and towards the south towards Lake Cuyamaca.”
“I agree with the north and east but I thought the lake was a tourist trap this time of year.”
“It is but there are some private homes and cabins along the shore away from the tourist areas. A lot of the folks live there year round.”
“Have we had luck finding the runner yet?”
“No we haven’t seen him again since the first day here.”
“Sid, I’m worried, it’s been three days and the longer Tammy is missing the less likely she is still alive.
“I know and that worries me too. We really need to find her.”
“Let’s move your people per your suggestion. I’m going to go for a run. I need to burn off some energy.”
“Whatever you need my friend but be careful, there are a lot of areas that you could fall into and it would take days or weeks to find you.”
“Thanks Sid I’ll keep that in mind.”
Greg shifted to his wolf form and took off towards the area that had been searched as he moved towards the peak and he found a rocky ledge that was in full sunshine. He laid down and let the sun warm his fur. He shifted his head a little and he caught some movement off to his right and below him. He watched the spot and he saw it again. It was a man coming towards him. As the man got closer to Greg he saw that the man would pass directly below him. The wind shifted a little and Greg caught the scent of the man and the scent was a Lycan and he was not with the San Diego pack and he wasn’t the two other Lycans he had met here, It had to be the runner.
Greg shifted his position and poised himself to pounce on the stranger once he passed under him. The man was not aware that the Lycan wolf was above him, and as he came out from under the ledge Greg leaped and pounced on the man. The man fell to the ground and he rolled and quickly shifted to his wolf form. Greg was back on top of him quickly and had the runners wolf pinned to the ground and he was holding the wolfs neck in his mouth. Greg growled and the wolf under him relaxed. 
Greg relaxed his grip on the runners wolf and when he felt the jaws relax on his neck the runners wolf used his claws and raked the side of Greg. Startled Greg released his grip completely from the runner and the runner slipped free from Greg. The runners wolf took off as fast as he could run. The runner was darting between trees trying everything he could use to lose the bigger wolf.
Greg took off after the runner and almost every time he got close enough to pounce the runner would dart of in a different direction. Greg decided that this time he would run and slam his body into the body of the runners wolf. Greg closed in again and when the runners wolf thought that Greg’s wolf was going to leap he darted to his left and Greg darted to his right slamming the two bodies together. The runners wolf rolled to the ground from the force of the impact and was headed for a cliff.
Greg’s wolf spotted the cliff and he quickly jumped over the rolling body of the limp wolf and Greg easily outdistanced him Greg stopped and shifted to his human form twenty feet before the cliff and he got ready to grab the wolf before he went over the edge of the cliff. The runners wolf hit Greg and pushed him back another ten feet. Greg managed to prop his feet against a tree and that stopped the two of them. He rolled the wolf over and held it down, the wolf was conscious but was not in any shape to fight anymore, The tumble down the slope of the mountain had him beat up and bruised. The runners wolf knew that he would be unable to escape and it shifted back to human form and said “Please don’t hurt me mister.”
“I’m not going to hurt you, I just want to talk to you.”
“What about?”
“I want to know if have seen the two females that were staying at the National Park Campground?”
“No sir, I haven’t been to the National forest in a few months.”
The man was about twenty-five and was not very stocky at all. He looked like he had been on the run for a while. It was obvious that he had been eating very good. At just over five feet seven inches tall the runner was scrawny. 
Who are you and where are you from?”
“I’m Jeff Miller, and I’m from South Carolina.”
“What in the hell are you doing out here?”
“I ran away a lifetime ago, I’ve been out here for about eight years now.”
 “I’m a breed sir and my pack treated me like shit all the time. Some of them even beat me. My father has disowned me after my mother was killed during the war. The pack wants me back just to pick on me and I won’t go back to them.”
“I want you to come with me if you try to run I’ll tie you up and carry you back.”
“I’ll go with you as long as you promise you won’t send me back to my old pack.”
Greg escorted him back to the campsite and sat him down by the table that had the maps on it. “Hay Sid look what I found.”
“The damn runner.”
“Yep and I think he has a very interesting story to tell us, but not about the females.
Greg had Jeff retell his story to Sid and Sid just hung his head and said  “Why didn’t you try to go to another pack?”
“I did most in the south are puritan packs.”
The damn puritans are going to be the down fall to our entire race. We have had what you Jeff call breeds since the beginning of time. Hell our whole race are from breeds.”
What do you mean sir?”
“Have you never been taught how our people came to be.”
“No sir.”
“Greg I think you are going to have to add another class at the Academy.” Sid said.
“I think your right Sid, I think your right.”
“But we need to turn our attention back to finding the missing female.” Sid said.”
“Jeff I want you to stick around this campsite, if you try to run I will find you again. I want to talk with you some more.”
“Yes sir I will stay put.”
“Me too, in the mean time I am going to make a call and see about getting some information.”
“Ok let me know if I can do anything.”
Greg nodded at Sid and pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and he called Mark back at his pack. When Mark answered Greg said ‘Mark I need a favor, I need to run three names and get all the information I can get. They are Jeff Miller, Rodger Bennett and Dr. Roy Marshall. I need it as soon as I can get it.”
Mark told Greg that he would see what he came up with and get back to him ASAP. Greg hung up and put his phone away and walked back over to Sid and told him that he was going back to the cabin of Rodger Bennett, he wanted to talk with him again. Sid nodded and Greg headed out. 
The hike to Rodgers cabin took a little under an hour and when he came to the cabin, instead of watching it for a while he knocked on the door. Rodger opened the door and said, “What can I do for you?”
“Mr. Bennett you offered to help if I needed it, well sir I need your help.”
“What can I do??”
“I assume that you have been here for a while and I was wondering where someone would take a person to up here if they didn’t want to be found.”
“I would take them to one of two places the first is Willy peak, It’s full of caves that one can hide in or I would take them to the far side of Lake Cuyamaca, there are some secluded private cabins over there.”
“Of the two which would you do?”
“If it were me I’d go to Willy Peak, a lot more places to hide.”
“Thanks Mr. Bennett, you have a good evening.”
“Listen Mr. Jackson, if you want I can take a couple of your men up to the peak and search the area.”
“Will a couple be enough?”
“I’d rather not have any but this way you will know that I’m on the up and up weather of not I find her up there.”
“If you would rather go by yourself by all means do it.”
“I’ll make better time that way.”
“Thanks Mr. Bennett, I look forward to hearing from you/”
Greg headed back to the campgrounds and was about half way back when he spotted the pack of wild wolfs, he decided that he would watch them for a while. He watched as the Alpha of the pack walked around and checked the area while the rest of the pack settled down. The females that had pups went about feeding them off of their tits. Greg noticed that something caught the Alpha’s attention and his ears went to an upright position and he moved his head almost directly across from Greg,
Greg scanned the area that the Alpha wolf was staring at trying to see if he could see anything. He listened carefully but he didn’t see or hear anything. The Alpha wolf also settled down and went back to the pack, just after the wolf laid down his head snapped back in the same direction that he was watching before and he was letting out a low but menacing growl. Greg didn’t have to try to hear or see what was bothering the Alpha wolf this time as a man walked out from the trees and stopped short of being close enough to get bitten. Greg looked the man over and realized the man was Dr. Marshall. He took steps towards the Alpha and the Alpha did not back down but it did not charge either. The Alpha seemed to know Dr. Marshall and was not going to attack him or bother the pack.
Greg watched as Marshall inched closer to the pack, the Alpha kept a close eye on him but made no move towards him. Marshall reached a young female and he gently scratched the wolf behind the ear. The female moved her head around and when Marshall stopped scratching the female used her snout and lifted Marshalls hand back to her head. The Alpha got up and watched Marshall closely and slowly moved closer to Marshall. 
Greg heard the Alpha let out a low growl and he heard Marshall return the growl. Greg could tell that Marshall was having a little trouble controlling his wolf. The Alpha backed off a little and started to pace back and forth, keeping a close watch on Marshall. Marshall started to kneel down next to the female and the Alpha had, had enough. He leaped over the female and hit Marshall in the chest knocking Marshall to the ground. Greg was going to move in but before he could move Marshall changed to his wolf form and faced off to the Alpha. This time Marshall did not roll over and submit.
The Alpha backed off and Marshall’s wolf moved forward and let out a strong growl. The Alpha backed off even more and Marshall’s wolf started to move forward even more. Marshall’s wolf was laying claim to the female wolf. The Alpha was not going to allow that to happen and it attacked Marshall. The Alpha grabbed the front leg of Marshall and bit down hard and Greg could hear the bone snap. Marshall’s wolf yelped out in pain. Marshall backed off when the Alpha released the leg and the Alpha started to turn and Marshall jumped and bit down on the back of the neck of the Alpha.
The Alpha tried to get free but Marshall’s wolf had a solid grip and it ripped skin and fur off the Alpha The Alpha cried out in pain and tried to shake Marshall free of him. The more the Alpha shook the more flesh and fur was torn off. The Alpha finally gave up the fight and laid down and submitted to Marshall’s wolf. Marshall wolf moved back to the female and cut her out from the pack. The female followed Marshall’s wolf back into the forest and did not return to the pack while Greg was watching.
Greg got up and headed back to the campground, wondering if the female would mate with Marshall’s wolf. A Lycan and a wild wolf, Greg needed to call back to the Federation and find out what the results of that would be. Greg finally made thru the forest and came to the campsite and asked Sid if there were any new developments while he was gone. Sid told him that there was nothing new except that Jeff Miller wanted to speak with him.
Greg walked to the spot that Jeff was sitting at and Greg said, “I’m told that you wanted to speak to me.”
“Yes sir, I do. I want to know if there is anything that I can do to help you find the missing female?  I may be loner or a rouge if that’s what you want to call me but I sure as hell know these mountains and I can be of help to you.”
“You know Jeff you do have a point would you be willing to lead a group from Sid’s pack toward the eastern facing slopes, I believe if she was taken that way you may be able to find her.”
“Yes sir I would be more than willing to do that, and if she is out there I’ll find her.”
“Sid have a couple from your pack go with Jeff, he is going to lead a search party to the eastern slopes.”
“How many do you need Jeff?”
“Four or five will do just fine.”
“You got it son.”
Greg’s phone rand and he dug it out of his pocket and saw that it was Mark. Greg answered the phone saying, “Mark please tell me you have some good news.”
“Well I don’t know if it’s good or not, Let’s start with Rodger Bennett, he was chased out of his pack in Salt Lake City, Utah after ruffling up the son of the packs Alpha. The packs report says that Bennett claimed that the Alpha’s son had tried to assault his girlfriend. The fight almost killed the Alpha’s son, left him in the infirmary for almost three months. The Alpha wanted to kill him but instead he banned him from the pack. The report goes on to say that Bennett’s exact whereabouts are unknown but it is believed that he is in California somewhere.”
“Ok that confirms what he told me.”
“Now for Jeff Miller, the Report says that he ran away from the pack for an undisclosed reason. Everyone in the pack described Miller as an easy going pup but that he was a half-breed. The pack report says that Miler chose to leave the pack instead of keeping it within the pack. The report didn’t come right out and say it but I get the feeling from reading it that he was not made to feel welcomed in the pack. He ran away when he was fifteen and is now 25 and no one has seen him since he ran away.”
“That confirms he story as well.”
“Now for Dr. Roy Marshall, he is a bit confusing, he was once a up and coming Biologist, but today he is considered kind of a quack, he is an outcast in his field. He recently has in touch with Dr. Jennifer Deal who is Head of Rough Rehabilitation Unit, about submitting his research on a pack of wild wolfs. Deal told him she was not interested about his research because it has been done several Biologist but not one conclusion has ever been reveled. It appears form the outside that he has some mental problems but he could very well be a welcome addition to the Federation and Dr. Deal’s work if he is willing to conform to her standards and at this time she has no intention of hiring him. I told Dr. Deal that you may call her for more information on Marshall.”
“Thanks Mark that was a big help.”
“If there is anything else that I can do here let me know.”
“You got it my friend.”
Greg hung up his phone and sat down for a little while trying to decide what to do about Dr. Marshall. Could he have gone so far over the deep end that he kidnapped Tammy and is holding her, but to what end?
Darlene walked over to Greg and said, “What’s up boss you looked troubled?”
“Well to be honest I’m not sure what we have here, I have a Lycan that has admitted to being a loner but he is helping us by searching the northern side of the mountains heading up to Willy peak. I have a feeling I can trust him but I don’t know for sure.”
“All you can do boss is go with your gut, that’s one of the things you taught us back at the Academy.”
Greg looked up and started to laugh. Darlene looked at him wondering what she said that was so funny and she developed a frown on her face.
“And just what is so funny about what I said?”
“Damn somebody actually listened to what I was saying.”
“Darlene started to laugh as well, Sid walked up and said “ok time to end the party we have work to do.”
“Your right we do have that, Sid do me a favor have some of your people head down to the west. We haven’t even looked in that direction. Maybe we are over looking something.”
“Good point, I’ll send twenty five down to the west and have them cover ten miles or so down the mountain side.”
“I agree ten miles should be more than enough, I feel that she is still somewhere close by.”
“I would agree with you Greg.”
“Darlene would you please go and get your dad and Tammy’s dad please.”
“Will do be right back.”
Darlene left the table and she found her dad Tammy’s dad, she said, “dad, Mr. James, Greg would like to see both of you, can you please come with me.” Both men followed Darlene as she took them to see Greg.
“Thank you both for seeing me, I know you haven’t seen much of me and I haven’t updated either of you since we have been here. So far we have covered the entire National forest and have found no trace of Tammy. I have a group searching to the east and west of the National forest moving down slope for about ten miles, I also have a search party going to the north up to Willy peak. I should be hearing back from the north and east parties by noon tomorrow. It will take the west party a couple of days to finish their search. But I want to be totally honest with you the longer it takes us the less the chance that we will find her alive.:
“Mr. Jackson I would have never believed that one man would put forth so much effort to find one of us. I will tell you I have had my doubts about the Federation but after seeing what you are doing makes me know that the Federation is the right thing.” Said Mr. James.
“Well please know that I won’t stop until I find her.”
“I believe that sir.”
 “I’ll try to keep you a little more informed as things happen.”
“Thank you very much sir.”
“Please excuse me I need to make a phone call.”
*****
Rodger Bennett left out from his cabin and headed for the northern side of the mountains.  Bennett came to the road that led back into Julian if you went to the south and crossed the interstate and dead ended about a quarter mile to the north. Bennett went to the north and crossed over the interstate and he started the climb up the trails leading to Willy peak, once Bennett had climbed out of sight of the interstate he shifted to his wolf form and started to scout and search at a much faster pace than he could in his human form. He continued to the top of the peak searching back and forth in about one mile increments, it only took him an hour and a half to cover the remaining twenty five hundred feet to the top. Bennett found no trace of any scent of anyone having come up this way in over the last six months.
It was close to being dark when Bennett reached the peak and he had a pretty good view to the east and trees to the north and west of the peak. He figured to bed down here for the night and start fresh in the morning.
Bennett was up and moving before the sun came up and was headed for the western side of the peak, he spotted a deer and realized he was hungry and he quickly ran the deer down and killed it. He feasted on the deer until he was full and he left the rest to feed whatever other animals would eat it. With his belly full he continued on his way searching the western slopes of the mountains.
Bennett finished the western slopes close to five in the evening and started to move to the eastern slopes, once fully around the peak he picked up the scent of multiple Lycans. Bennett slowed his pace and found a large cluster of boulders to hid behind and watched as they made their way closer to him. Bennett thought that for Lycans they sure are being loud. Finally a group of ten came into view and they were wearing orange vests and Bennett knew right away they were part of the search party from San Diego.
Bennett came out from behind the boulders and made his way to the search party and shifted to his human form and said, “Do you folks think you could be a little louder, I could hear you all the way at the peak.”
“Mr. Bennett sorry didn’t realize you were on this side.”
“I am and you folks were making enough noise that if she was up here she would have been scared to death.”
“Sorry about that Mr. Bennett, our opinion is she isn’t up this way. We have not picked up any scent of her at all.”
“I haven’t either and I’ve covered the western and southern slopes, I figured I would cover this side but it looks like you have already done it so maybe it’s time to head back down to the campgrounds.”
“I would agree with you.”
“I’ll meet you back at the campgrounds.”
Bennett shifted back into his wolf form and left the members from the San Diego pack at a trot.”
CHAPTER FIVE
Greg pulled out his phone and called Dr. Deal and her answering machine picked up the call. Greg said, “Dr. Deal this is Greg Jackson Department head for the Rouge Retrieval Unit, I was calling to speak with you about Dr. Roy Marshall. Please call me back at your earliest convenience. Thank you.” And Greg hung up.
He walked back over to Sid and asked, “Where do we go from here Sid? I hate just sitting around and doing nothing.”
“Greg have patience you are doing all the right things, you have all the areas covered now all we can do is wait.”
“I know that Sid but I just feel if we don’t get a break soon, when we do find her it will be too late.”
“Greg stop thinking like that we have only been out here three days, we will find her you said so yourself.”
“Your right like I said I just have a hard time doing nothing.”
Just then Greg’s phone rang and he pulled it out of his pocket, he looked at the number and saw it was from Reidsville. He answered the phone saying, “Hello this is Greg Jackson may I help you?”
“Mr. Jackson this is Dr, Deal.”
 “Doc Thanks for calling me back so quick, The reason I called is I am trying to get as much information on Dr. Roy Marshall as I can get.”
Dr. Deal said, “I wish I had a lot of information on him to give you. But here is what I know about him. At one time he was considered one of the brightest minds in Lycan behavioral studies, a few years ago he kind of went way out and started studying regular wolf’s, it was his opinion that the way a pack should be run was the same way a pack of wild wolfs ran theirs. He went way out into left field and he started losing his creditability with our community.”
“Do you think he would be capable of kidnapping and hurting a female?”
“I would think no but with the way he has been acting it’s hard to say.” 
“So you think he may be unstable then?”
“Well I’m not saying that but I will say there is a chance of that being true.”
“One more thing Doc, I was out looking for our missing female and I came upon him and he cut a female from the wild pack, What would happen if a Lycan mated with a wild wolf?”
“Well it really depends on which of the animals is stronger mentally, the results are unpredictable, that’s one of the reasons the practice was stopped many years ago.”
“Ok Doc thanks that pretty much answers all of my questions for now, if I think of anything else I may call you back.”
“That would be fine Mr. Jackson.”
“Thanks Doc.”
Greg hung up the phone and turned back to Sid and said, “Have we sent out anyone to check on the spots I showed you a little while ago?”
“I was just getting ready to send them out.”
“I think I want to cover the area north of here the best. When I spoke with Bennett he indicated that if it were him he would go that way. He told me that there were many more places to hide up that way. Bennett is up there searching now and I trust him but I really want to cover more area then he can cover by himself.”
“Ok I’ve already sent most of my pack up there, and the rest towards the east and Imperial county.”
“That works, I have a feeling that if we don’t find her soon she won’t be alive when we do find her.”
“We will do the best and fastest job we can.”
“That’s all I can ask.”
Greg walked over to Darlene, her father and Tammy’s father and asked, “Mr. James, I need to understand Tammy a little better time is running out for us and I need to know what her capabilities are.”
“She is a tough young female she has always been a bit of a wild one but has always been responsible. She has had some self defense training, you know what every pack does for its young. She is level headed and until now I would have never thought something like this could happen to her.”
“Has she ever just gone off on her own?”
“No sir never, she has always been reliable in that manner, she has always been responsible like that. She has always been aware that as a Lycan she needs to be very careful not to let anyone know about that so no she has always kept us informed about where she is going or where she has been.”
“That answers my question sir thank you.”
“Mr. Jackson what do you think are the chances of finding her?”
“I’ll be honest sir the longer it takes us to find her the less the chances are of finding her.”
“Please Mr. Jackson you have to find her, it will just kill her mother if we don’t bring her back.”
“I’ll do my best sir.”
They spent the next twenty-four hours searching the northern area across the interstate and the eastern part towards Imperial county and had no luck. Not one thing that would even indicate that she had gone in those directions. Greg was starting to get worried that they would not find her. They were now four days into searching for her and all traces of her scent had been lost.
Rodger Bennett was spotted coming down from his cabin and he walked into the campsite and asked to see Greg. He was led to the table that had become the command center for the search. 
“Mr. Jackson may I have a word?” Bennett asked.
“What can I do for you Mr. Bennett?”
“I have searched the northern and western slopes and I did not find any trace of a Lycan having been there until your search parties showed up. I can tell you your female did not come that way. I moved towards the eastern slopes and again your female did not come that way but I did pick up the scent of a young male which I assume is the young Lycan you have. I continued to the south towards Lake Cuyamaca and I opted to cover the north west side of the lake, and I picked up the scents of three Lycans and a wild wolf. One was a male that I have scented before and that is of your Dr. Marshall, the other two scents are of a wild female going into heat and a Lycan female going into heat. The other scent I’m not sure of. I came right here as soon as I could. I believe your female is by Lake Cuyamaca.”
“Are you sure Mr. Bennett?”
“Yes sir I am, I would be glad to lead you back there.”
“Let’s take one of the cars we can get there faster than in wolf form.”
“I would rather not, I have become accustomed to traveling this area on foot or as a wolf.”
“Lead the way sir.”
Bennett and Greg shifted into their wolf forms and headed off towards Lake Cuyamaca, the trip in wolf form took almost three hours but the run made Greg feel exhilarated and refreshed. When they reached the spot where Bennett picked up the scents they stopped and shifted back to human form.
“This is where I picked up the scents of the three Lycans and the wild wolf, I still can smell them a little.”
“I’m with you I am picking them up as well.”
“I suggest that we move towards the area with the private homes and cabins, but we have to be careful not to get spotted. As wolfs they may shoot first and ask questions later.”
“Agreed Mr. Bennett.”
“Please call me Rodger, I hate Mr. Bennett.”
“I can and will do that. I suggest that we split up we can cover more ground that way.”
“I don’t have a problem with that but again be careful.”
The two shifted back into wolf form and headed to either side of the homes and cabins. There was a housing development on Rodger’s side and the cabins were being covered by Greg. When Rodger finished the development homes he headed for a couple of cabins that sat along the shore of the lake but were set back from any of the other cabins. Rodger checked the first cabin and didn’t find anything, in fact it looked like it had not been used in a while as he started to approach the second cabin he picked up the three scents again, and he picked up a forth scent and the scents were stronger this time.
Rodger was close to the cabin when a shot rang out. The bullet hit Rodger in the left shoulder and a second shot was fired. The bullet hit again in the left shoulder but a little lower and pierced the left lung of the wolf. Hurt and bleeding badly Rodger’s wolf turned and started running away from the cabin. He had covered almost a mile and he collapsed from the loss of blood.
Greg heard the shots and headed in the direction that the shots came from. He had covered a few hundred yards when he picked up the scent of blood and it was Lycan blood. Greg followed the scent and he quickly found Rodger and the wolf was bleeding badly. Greg shifted to his human form and tried to stop the blood flow. Greg tore off strips of his shirt and tied them across the shoulder of the wolf. He pulled out his cell and called Sid. He told Sid about where he was and in about half an hour Sid found Greg and Rodger. They carefully loaded Rodgers wolf into the back of the pickup and they headed back to the campsite. Greg rode in the bed with Rodger keeping pressure on the two wounds to keep any more blood from being lost.
When they arrived back at the campsite They cleared the table off and laid Rodgers wolf on the table. Darlene and her dad came running over and Darlene told her dad to heat some water and she told Greg to get the first aid kit from the tent. Darlene removed the makeshift bandages that Greg had made and using her fingers she prodded the wounds and found what she was looking for.
Greg returned with the first aid kit and opened it and laid it on the table next to Rodger. Darlene picked up a pair of long tweezers and she wasted no time in sticking the tweezers into one of the holes made by a bullet. It only took a few moments and she pulled out the bullet that was in Rodgers shoulder. She repeated the procedure on the other bullet hole and quickly pulled out the second bullet. She picked up some bandages and covered the wounds that were once again bleeding badly.
Darlene applied pressure to the wounds until the blood flow had almost stopped. Her dad returned with a pot of luke warm water and Darlene grabbed some more bandages and dunked them into the water and cleaned the area around the wounds. She sent Greg back into the tent and told him she had a small sewing kit in her back pack. Greg quickly found the kit by dumping the whole back pack on the floor of the tent. He returned to the table and he went to hand the kit to Darlene when she told him “Thread a needle with thread and then give me the needle.”
Greg did as he was instructed and handed the needle and thread to Darlene, she took it and she began to sew up the bullet holes just as though she had done it a hundred times. When she finished she told Sid, her dad and Greg to move Rodger into the tent. After they moved the wolf of Rodger into the tent Greg came back out and asked Darlene, “Where in the world did you learn to do that?”
“When I was growing up I worked in the my packs infirmary so I just reacted to what was needed.”
“Let me say you did a great job.”
“Thank you sir.”
“Greg I looked over these bullets and there is something odd about them, they don’t look like any other bullet I have ever seen.”
Greg picked up the bullets and looked them over and Greg started itching on his fingers and palms where the bullets were. He dropped the bullets back on the table and looked at Darlene and said, “They are silver bullets, I am highly allergic to silver.”
“Why would someone use silver to make bullets?”
“Silver is a natural allergenic to Lycans while they in them self’s won’t kill a Lycan because they are silver, but they will cause one hell of an allergic reaction.”
“I was not aware of that.” Darlene answered.
“I would suggest we get something to counter the allergic reaction to the silver”
“What can we use?”
“Sid you have a nurse right?”
“I sure do.”
“Take Bennett down to your pack and see what your nurse can do for him, I don’t want to lose him.”
“Will do Greg and I’ll keep you posted.”
“Thanks Sid. But I need you here can you have someone else do it?”
“Sure Greg.”
Sid walked over to where a couple of his pack members were taking a break and Sid to them to get Mr. Bennett out of the ten and load him into a pickup and take him to the packs infirmary.
The three men took care of getting Bennett’s wolf loaded and they headed to the San Diego. They had the information on the silver allergy to pass to their nurse.”
Greg walked away from Darlene and went to where Sid was, “I don’t know who shot Bennett, but Sid I can tell you that son of a bitch is going to pay for it. I suspect that whoever shot him is holding Tammy. I’m going to take Sam and a one more of your people with me and I am going to find who did it.”
“Greg I’m going with you this time.”
“Thanks Sid.”
*****
The pickup pulled into the pack territory and pulled up to the infirmary the three Lycans carefully carried Bennett’s wolf into the infirmary. The nurse rushed to Bennett and had them place him on the surgery table. She removed the bandages and examined the stitches and she was impressed with the work. She did notice that the stitches were done with regular thread and that they would need to be removed in the morning and if needed she would put in dissolving thread. She went to her drug locker and unlocked it and quickly found the antihistamine and drew up an injection, She gave Bennett’s wolf the injection. She had the three Lycans help her transfer Bennett to the regular bed and she told them thanks for the help. She would keep him overnight and he would most likely be able to be released in the morning
*****
Tammy heard the shots and she cringed, she hated guns and the thought that her captor had a gun scared her even more. She wondered who the man had been shooting at, was someone out there searching for her. Had the shots killed or hurt anyone? A lot of questions and she had no answers to any of them.
Tammy heard the lock being unlocked and the man came into the bedroom, he put the gag back in her mouth and retied her back up. He said, “Listen to me if you want to live you keep quiet and do as I say. If you try to make any sounds or try anything else I will kill you.”
The man hoisted Tammy onto his shoulder and carried her out to his car. He opened the trunk and laid her down in the trunk, he told her to stay quiet once more and closed the trunk lid. He got into the car and started the engine and backed out from the garage and he headed down the main road out of the lake and he made a left turn and headed to the north.
He crossed over the interstate highway and came to a old dirt road and he turned left onto the road. He continued on the road until he came to what to the eye looked like a old buggy path. He made the right turn and the path was bumpy so he had to keep his speed down to a crawl. The man continued on this path until he came to an old house. He pulled the car into the barn and got out and walked to the trunk and opened it.
He looked down at Tammy and he could see some blood that was coming from a cut on her forehead. She must have got jostled around on the old path and hit her head on something in the trunk. The man picked up Tammy and carried her from the trunk to the old house and when Tammy saw the old mailbox she saw the name of Tolbert on it.
The man carried her into a bedroom and tied her up tight to the bed frame and told her to keep quiet and not to try anything at all or else. Tammy took a chance and said “Ok Mr. Tolbert I promise I won’t try anything.”
The man stopped dead in his tracks and turned and said, “How do you know my name?”
“I saw it on the mailbox.”
“Damn it you just sealed your fate bitch.”
“Please I won’t say a word to anyone, I promise.”
Tolbert walked out of the bedroom and said “Yea right.” He closed the door to the bedroom and went into the living room of the old house. He had not been back here in years, the last time was when he had killed the two people that still lay in the upstairs bedroom. The flesh long gone all that was left of his mother and father was just bones.
Matt Tolbert had killed his mother and father when they had told him he was a Lycan. He was sure that they lied about this Lycan thing. There was no such thing as a werewolf. But he always knew that he was different from others he was always stronger, faster and more cunning then everyone else, but now he knew why. He was angry that he had never been told before, he was always a trouble maker in school and around the town but now he knew that there was nothing or anyone that could stop him.
Over the last ten years Tolbert had killed seventeen women after he had used them but this time he had one of his own kind, the thought of the power he had over this female made him smile. No one would ever find her or him. He would just disappear again.
Tolbert opened a drawer in the kitchen and rummaged thru it until he found the key to the basement door. He needed to move one of the old mattress’s down there and then he would move the female down there. Tolbert’s father always told the family that the basement would survive a nuclear blast, Tolbert doubted that now but it would serve his purpose of keeping the female down there. 
Tolbert went upstairs and went to one of the empty bedrooms and he pulled the mattress off of the bed and slid it down the stairs and then moved it to the basement door. He unlocked the basement door and slid the mattress down the stairs. He flicked the light switch on and the light came on. He didn’t even think about power still being on at the house.
He walked down the stairs and cleared a corner of the basement for the mattress and he put it on the floor. He found some more rope and tied it to the post’s that supported the floor above. He checked the windows and they were still painted black and no one would be able to see in.
Tolbert went back upstairs and opened the bedroom door  he untied Tammy and hoisted her up on his shoulder and carried her down to the basement. Once he had her down there he decided he wanted her one more time. Tolbert undressed and kneeled down and he fondled himself until he was hard and he rammed his rod deep into Tammy. Tolbert spent the next two hours raping her again and again. When he was finished using her Tolbert got up off of her and he got dressed and climbed the stairs out of the basement he shut the lights off and shut and locked the door.
Tolbert went outside locking the house behind him and he went to the barn and got his car. He drove back to the campgrounds to have a look at what was going on there and there were forty to fifty Lycans milling around the campground. Tolbert left the campground and headed back to the lake.
CHAPTER SIX
The female wolf that Marshall had cut from the pack started to follow Marshall’s wolf. When Marshall stopped and shifted back to his human form the female stopped and shied away and would not follow Marshall. Marshall let out a low grown and the female started to follow and again she stopped. Marshall didn’t want to waste any more time he needed to get back to his cabin, he shifted back to his wolf form and he went back to the female wolf and nudged her and she got up and followed Marshall’s In his wolf form. The trip back to the cabin took longer than the drive would have but when they arrived Marshall shifted to his human form and he opened the door. The female wolf was not sure about going into the cabin but Marshall forced her to go in. The female walked over to the fireplace and laid down on the rug in front of the fireplace.
Marshall cut the female some slack because she was going into heat and he intended to mate with the female while in his wolf form because he wanted to watch what happens when a Lycan and a wild wolf mate. 
Marshall changed to his wolf form and he went to the female wolf and mounted her like a dog. The female wolf became scared as the larger Lycan attempted to mate her. She kept moving away from Marshall’s wolf and was looking for a way to escape.
Marshall had forgot to latch the cabin door and when the female wolf scratched at the door it opened and the female wolf darted out the door.
The female wolf took off running at a full sprint and made the tree line, she glanced back once and spotted a wolf chasing her. She pushed herself as hard as she could but the wolf was gaining on her. She jumped over fallen trees and across a small creek and came out in a large clearing. She was running as fast as she could but the wolf was quickly gaining on her and she knew she would not make the other side of the clearing. The wolf that was chasing her was almost on top of her when another wolf came from the tree line and slammed into the wolf that was chasing her.
*****
The three set out on foot and they were working their way thru the forest in their wolf forms. The sheer number of fallen trees would have made travelling in human form almost impossible. The deeper into the forest that they went though they were finding the travel much easier.
All of a sudden Greg stopped and held his nose up into the air. He shifted back to human form as did Sid and Sam, “I’m picking up a faint scent of a female and male Lycan. It’s coming from the south east.”
“I don’t smell anything.” Richard said.
“Believe me it’s there; let’s go we need to hurry.”
The three Lycans started moving and came to a clearing and Greg spotted a wolf being chased by another and the larger wolf was catching the smaller one.
Sam said, “That could be Tammy.” 
Before Sam could finish his comment Greg had already shifted to wolf form and was running to intercept the second wolf. Just as the second wolf was about to leap at the wolf they thought was Tammy, Greg’s wolf leapt into the air and slammed into the other wolf.
Greg’s wolf and the other wolf tumbled together and the second wolf tried to swipe its claws into Greg’s wolf. Greg scrambled to his feet and jumped onto the other wolf, the second wolf who was Marshall squirmed and got free from Greg but before he could try to escape Greg caught Marshall’s wolf on the real leg and bit down hard. The leg bone in the Marshall’s wolf broke and came thru the skin and fur of Marshall’s wolf.
Greg’s wolf kept up the attack and was ripping flesh and fur from Marshall. Marshall knew he was beaten and he knew he wanted to live so he laid down and submitted himself to Greg, Greg knew that Marshall’s wolf could not run with a broken leg so Greg got off of Marshall and shifted to human form. Sam and Sid came up and they shifted as well. Sam tried to get Tammy to shift as well but she wouldn’t, finally Greg ordered Tammy to shift, but the female wolf did nothing. Greg Scented again and said “damn it, this isn’t Tammy it’s a wild female wolf.”
The three Lycans mood went from happiness at finding Tammy to being deflated that it wasn’t Tammy.
Greg was mad as hell knowing that he had been fooled by this event, Greg turned to Marshall’s wolf and forced it to change back to its human form. Greg grabbed Marshall by his shirt and pulled him to his feet. Marshall almost fell because he could not put any weight on his broken leg.
“Where is you asshole?” Greg said.
“Where is you?”
“The female Lycan that you kidnapped?”
“I have no idea what you are talking about, I didn’t kidnap anyone.”
“Don’t lie we picked up her scent and when we came up to your cabin you shot at us and you hit one of my people.”
“Shot at you don’t be absurd I don’t even own a gun.”
Greg sensed that Marshall was telling the truth, most Lycans don’t lie as it is easy for another Lycan to pick up the changes in a Lycan when they are lying. Greg walked away from Marshall and found some sturdy smaller tree branches and he picked them up and walked back to Marshall.
Greg made a crude splint from the branches and gave Marshall a third branch that he could use as a cane. “You will take us back to wherever it is that you have been staying.”
“Why should I?”
“Let me see you have violated Lycan law by attempting to mate with a wild wolf. That has been banned by the Lycan High Council years ago because of the unpredictability of what will happen. There may be more charges after we search you property.”
“Go to hell I’m not going to help you make false charges against me.”
“Well now Marshall I see it as you have two choices one is cooperate with us and accept the punishment of the High Council or maybe you might have an accident out here and not make it back at all.”
Marshall thought about if for a couple of minutes and decided to take them back to his cabin, He believed Jackson when he said he might not make it back if her didn’t help.
“Ok I’ll help but please believe me I didn’t take the female.”
Marshall was helped along on the trip back to his cabin, the going was slow because of Marshall’s broken leg. His other leg was still sore from the break he had just a few days before, although the bone had already healed the leg was still causing him some pain.
When they arrived at Marshall’s cabin Greg and his crew searched the cabin and they found no trace or sign that Tammy had ever been here. They found Marshall’s car and Greg had Sam and Sid load Marshall into the car and they started to drive back to the campground as they drove the circular road Greg picked up the scent of two Lycans and one of them was Tammy. Greg slammed on the brakes and turned around and said to Marshall, “Who else is up here, I just picked up the scent of two more Lycans and one of them is the missing female?”
“I am not aware of any other Lycans up here. I have never come across anyone else.”
Greg started to move forward until the scent started to fade. He put the car in reverse and backed until the scent became strong again. There was a driveway to their left and Greg asked Marshall, “What is back there?”
“There is another cabin back there and some young man comes and goes out of there. I’ve only seen him in his car.”
Greg pulled the car into the long driveway and slowly drove until he came to the cabin. Greg got out and looked around the cabin and he found that one of the windows was boarded up from the inside. The scent of Tammy and the strange Lycan were very strong here. Greg walked back to the car and told Sam and Sid about the window and the strength of the scent. 
“We need to get into that cabin.”
“That’s not a problem Greg, I can get us in.” Sam said.
“Do it then.”
Sam walked to the door and he pulled a small black leather kit out of his back pocket and in less than a minute he had the door open. The three of them walked into the cabin and searched it and Greg said, “No doubt about it Tammy has been here.”
“I don’t recognize the other scent though, it has some odor of a Lycan but then there is something else mixed with it.” Sid said.
“I think we have a full blown Lycan that has never changed, either it doesn’t know it’s a Lycan or it just doesn’t know how to change.” Greg said.
“I thought that when a Lycan came of age it would change all by its self the first time.” Sam asked.
“Usually that is true but in rare cases it may need help to change.” Sid answered.
“Where do we go from here?” Sam asked.
“Well we know she was here but is gone now so there is no sense staying here, but Sam I’m going to leave you here just in case they return. Stay out of site and if they return call me or if someone comes and then leaves trail them.”
“Will do Greg.”
Greg and Sid walked outside and got back in the car and they drove back to the campground. Once there they got Marshall out of the car and put him in the tent and they put two guards to make sure Marshall didn’t try to get away.
*****
Tolbert watched as the car pulled into the driveway of his cabin. He could smell the scent of the men and he knew they were what his father had called a Lycan. Tolbert had been feeling different lately like there was something happening to his body but he didn’t know what. He watched as the car came back out half an hour later but he noticed that there were only three in the car. There were four when the car pulled into his cabin. He knew that they had left someone behind in case he returned. Tolbert drove back to his old house and parked the car in the barn. He walked back and went inside the house and the first thing he did was check the basement door. It was still locked so he knew the female was still down there.
CHAPTER SEVEN
 Tolbert went down to the basement to check on the female and found he sitting tight against the wall. He walked over to her and checked the ropes and the gage. He then removed the gag and said, “I see you have been a good girl so I have a reward for her and Tolbert undressed and he spent the next hour raping Tammy again. When Tolbert was finished with her he got up and got dressed and turned to leave.
“Look Mr. Tolbert can you loosen me up and give me something that I can use to go to the bathroom in. I promise I won’t try anything.” Tammy pleaded.
“I might be able to do that. I sure as hell don’t want you pissing or shitting on my mattress.”
Tolbert walked over to the far side of the basement and he found an old pot and he brought it close to Tammy for her to use. He then loosened her so she could at least squat over the bucket. That being done Tolbert went back upstairs and relocked the basement.
Tammy had been looking around the basement for something she could use to help her escape and she saw an old rusted knife but it was just out of her reach She had convinced Tolbert that she wouldn’t try anything if he would loosen her up so she could use the bathroom.
Tammy tried to reach the old knife and found she could just barley touch it. She stretched as far as she could reach and managed to get the knife between her fingers, she pulled the knife a little closer and was finally able to grab the knife. She pulled it to her and she bent over and cut the ropes that held her feet bound together. She put the knife between her feet and slid the blade between the ropes that held her wrists. She finally managed to get the ropes cut and she was free from the ropes. Now to find a way out of the basement.
Tammy checked the small windows but they did not open and she knew the door was locked. She searched the basement for something she could use as a weapon but she didn’t anything except the pot he had placed in the room for her to use the bathroom.
Tammy lifted the pot and it was a heavy pot that just might work. She heard the front door open and some noise coming from the other side of the basement door. She decided to use the pot as her weapon and hit him in the head when he came into the basement. Tammy didn’t have to wait long she heard the man unlock the door and she hid under the stairs with the heavy pot in her hands.
Tolbert unlocked the basement door and turned on the light he started down the stairs and something caught his leg and he fell head long down the stairs. Tolbert lay sprawled out on the basement floor unconscious. Tammy ran up the stairs and out the front door. She didn’t know where she was or how to get out of there. She took off running down the path that at one time was a driveway to the house.
Tammy realized that she was naked and shifted to her wolf form on the run. Tammy’s wolf continued running down the path and came to the old dirt road and she took it to the left. She decided to use the peak of a mountain as her reference point.
She kept running toward the peak of the mountain in front of her and had almost reached the paved road when she heard a car coming up behind her.
*****
When Tolbert came too he saw that the female was gone, he climbed the stairs two at a time and went to his parents bedroom. He looked at the skeletons in the bed and he picked up his rifle and smashed the butt of it into what had been his fathers head. The skeleton fell apart and Tolbert said, “This is all your fault you bastard.”
He went to the dresser and opened the top drawer and pulled out a handgun from the drawer. He picked up a box of bullets and loaded the gun. He shoved the gun into his waistband and headed for the barn. Tolbert got into his car and he started down the driveway, He knew the female could not have gotten far as he was vaguely aware of her running up the stairs
He made the left turn down the old dirt road and drove fast enough that he was getting thrown around in the seat of the car. He spotted the female when he was almost to the paved road.
He watched as the female crossed the paved road and she turned and went into the forest. Tolbert drove to the paved road and he crossed over the interstate. She would have to come back this way if she intended to cross over and go back to the campground, he could just wait her out here.
Half an hour passed and he had not seen her since she went into the forest and he started to wonder if she found another way across the interstate. He knew it could not be another road as the next closest road was ten miles away in either direction.
Tolbert started to move to the west and had covered almost a mile when he picked the scent of Tammy. He continued to look around and found that there was a culvert that went under the interstate and she had come thru it.
Her scent was taking back in the direction of the campgrounds. Tolbert knew of an old dirt road that ran east to west and cut thru the forest and she would have to cross it so he made his way back to his car and headed for the old dirt road.
The old road was mostly a road to nowhere and was used mostly by the forest service to move around the forest. Tolbert parked his car and waited for her to come across the road.
*****
Tammy pushed her wolf harder to cross the paved road and she went into the forest. She heard the car turn and watched as the car with Tolbert stopped on the other side of the bridge that crossed the interstate. She knew that she would have to find another way across. She continued to the west and finally came upon a culvert that went under the interstate. The pipe was almost two feet in diameter and she knew her wolf could make it through without any trouble. 
She entered the pipe and moved quickly through the pipe and came out on the south side of the interstate. She moved up the ditch and across an open spot and then back into the forest. She kept pushing herself until she came upon a scurry of squirrels. She quickly grabbed one and ate it, she didn’t remember when she had her last meal but she was very hungry. The squirrel wasn’t much but it help give her some much needed energy.
She picked up the sound of someone moving in her direction so she took back off moving to the south again. She was moving at a pretty good pace and she soon came to an old dirt road. She stopped and look both directions knowing she would be exposed long enough to cross the road. She had made it about half way across the road when she heard the shot and a bullet hit the ground at her feet. She jumped the rest of the way across the road and just as she entered the forest again she heard another shot.
Tammy felt something hit her in her rear flank but she didn’t stop, she pushed herself as fast as she could go. She had been running close to an hour and was getting weak from the loss of blood and she knew she had to stop soon. She reached a clearing and saw an old cabin and she made her way to the door. She shifted to human form and tried the door knob and the door opened and she went inside. 
She caught the scent right away of a Lycan and she thought it was the man that had stopped by the campsite. She looked around for something to help stop the bleeding in her hip and she found a first aid kit. She opened the kit and found some bandages and tape and she went to the bathroom and cleaned the wound. She covered it with some of the bandages and tape. When she finished that she went into the bedroom and found something to wear. All of the pants were way too big for her but she found a shirt that would cover her.
Tammy walked back to the living room and was going to head back to the campsite when she heard a car pull up at the cabin. She looked out the window and saw that it was Tolbert.
*****
The nurse at the San Diego pack came in to check in on Mr. Bennett and found him sitting up in bed and the nurse said, “Well it looks like you are feeling better. When I put you to bed last night you were in wolf form and out cold.”
“I’m feeling a lot better this morning.”
“Let me have a look at your wounds this morning.”
The nurse removed the bandages and examined the wounds and she smiled and said, “let me take the stitches out and I don’t see a reason why you can’t go home today.”
“That’s good and thank you for stitching me up.”
“I’m not the one that stitched you up someone back at the campground did it.”
“I am going to need to thank them then.”
“Once I get the stitches out I’ll call the Beta and make arrangements to get you back up to Laguna.”
“Thanks that would be appreciated.”
The nurse removed the stitches and put a couple of bandages over the wounds and she told Bennett that he could remove the bandages tomorrow. After she finished with him she called the Beta and arranged for someone to take him back to the campground. The ride back to the campground took an hour and the driver left Bennett off and then went back to the San Diego pack territory.
Bennett walked up to where Greg and Sid were looking over the map and Greg looked up and said, “Well look who is back from the dead.”
“Ha, Ha very funny. You have any luck finding the female or who shot me.”
“No we haven’t but we do know that it was not Dr. Marshall. We picked up another scent of a Lycan who either does not know what he is and hasn’t changed.”
“Wow talk about strange, hey by the way can you tell me who stitched me up I want to thank them.”
“Sure it was Darlene.”
“Do you know where she might be?”
Greg pointed to a tree where Darlene was talking with her father. Bennett walked over to the tree and said, “I just want to say thank you the nurse back down in San Diego said you did a great job.”
Darlene replied “Your welcome but it was no big deal.”
“Just to let you know Rodger, we have not caught whoever shot you. We thought it was Dr. Marshall, after we caught him chasing a wolf that we originally thought was the missing female. After we questioned him we came to the conclusion that he was not the shooter or the one who took Tammy.”
“So where does that leave you?”
“Without so much as a lead of any kind, and we are running out of time fast. If we don’t find her pretty quick it may be too late.”
“If you haven’t found her by tomorrow let me know and I’ll join back up with you and give you as much help as I can. I owe you guys for saving my life. But I need another day of rest or I would not be of any use to you.”
“Not a problem I understand needing the rest. Let me take you back to your cabin, save yourself a little.” 
“Thanks Greg I really appreciate that.”
Greg still had the keys to Marshall’s car so he used it to drive Bennett back up to his cabin. As they approached the path that served as a driveway Bennett told Greg to stop.
“What’s wrong?”
“Somebody has been here and very recently, the brush has been disturbed. There hasn’t been a car up here since I’ve had this place.
“Let’s go the rest of the way on foot. It may be nothing but you never know.”
“I agree but remember I’m really not in the best of shape to fight if we need to.”
“Don’t worry about it let’s just hope it’s nothing.”
As Greg and Rodger approached the cabin they could hear someone shouting, though they could not make out was being said. They picked up their pace and just as they rounded a bend in the path they heard a shot and Rodger saw the window for his living room explode and glass flew everywhere. They heard a scream come from inside the cabin and Rodger said “Awe hell no.” He started to run and a shot was fired again and the bark from a tree flew and hit Rodgers face. Greg had already started running toward the car and cabin, a third shot was fired and bullet hit Greg in his left arm but was just a flesh wound the bullet not hitting anything except skin.
Rodger and Greg continued moving toward the car and cabin when a female came running out of the house and header into the forest. The man with the guns fired three quick shots at the female and then he took off running after her.
Greg and Rodger reached the cabin at the same time and stopped to catch their breath and Greg asked, “Did you see someone come out of the cabin?”
Rodger shook his head no and Greg said “I think it was a female and whoever the male was he took off after her.” Rodger was getting ready to say something when they heard a female scream from the woods off to their right. Greg shifted to his wolf form and ran into the woods. Rodger was just a few seconds behind Greg and they were headed in the direction of the scream. Greg stopped and started to sniff the air and a shot hit a tree next to Greg’s wolf and he took cover behind a fallen tree. Rodger caught up with Greg and his wolf slid in next to Greg. They both shifted to the human form and Greg said, “Whoever is doing the shooting is starting to piss me off. Let’s split up and see if we can circle around and come up from the other side maybe we can find the female.”
“You got it,” and Rodger shifted to his wolf form and started out to the right. Greg shifted back to his wolf and started to his left. Greg could hear someone rustling in the woods just a little ways in front of him. Greg slowed his pace and closed in whoever it was in front of him. He was approaching a large Oak tree that had fallen and he could see the tail of a shirt behind the trunk of the tree. Greg closed to just on the other side of the trunk and he jumped over the trunk and stood face to face with a female. The female started to scream when Greg shifted to his human form. He stopped the female from screaming and told her to stay quiet.
“My name is Greg Jackson and who are you and why is that man after you?” he whispered.
“I’m Tammy James and that man kidnapped me.”
“Thank god I found you we have been looking for you for four days. I want you to stay here, I need to put a stop to the man.”
“No don’t leave me. I won’t stay alone.”
“Greg understood her and told her to stay close but when he found the man he wanted her to stay out of sight. She nodded that she understood. The two of them headed back to their right stepping quietly trying to sneak up on the man. They heard a shot and Greg started to run knowing that Rodger was still out there. A second shot was fired and then a scream from a man rang out not to far in front of them. When Greg moved around a tree there was Rodger in wolf form and he had the man pinned to the ground with blood dripping from his mouth.
Greg yelled at Rodger not to kill him. And Rodger shifted to his human form and grabbed the man and pulled him to his feet. Greg could see the man was missing a hand and it looked like it had been bitten off. Rodger drew back and slammed his fist into the man’s face and blood flew from the man’s nose and he fell back to the ground.
Greg took the shoe laces from the man’s shoes and used them to tie the man’s hands behind his back Tammy walked up and picked up the man’s gun and pointed it at the man’s head, and she said, “Tolbert you are going to die for what you did to me.”
Rodger grabbed the gun just as Tammy pulled the trigger causing the shot to miss. Rodger took the gun and smashed it against a tree. “No one deserves to die like that.” Rodger said.
“You wouldn’t say that if you knew what he did to me.”
“Tammy let’s not go into it right now let’s get you back to the campsite, there is someone there that want’s to see you.”
The four of them made their way back to the car and they drove back to the campgrounds. When the car pulled into the campsite Tammy spotted her father and she jumped out of the car and ran to him. Greg called to Sid and told him, “do not to let anyone near the car, especially Tammy or her father. We have the kidnapper in it. Honestly I would prefer if you could get to the lockup at your pack.”
“I’ll have him out of here in two minutes.” Sid jumped in the car and drove off.
Richard James walked up to Rodger and Greg and he said, “Thank you so very much, I owe you all so much. Did you catch the one who took Tammy?”
“You very welcome Mr. James and yes we caught him and I have had him taken out of here before someone tries to do something they might regret.”
“Thank you for that because if I would have seen him I would have killed him.”
“I truly understand that and that’s why I had him taken away. I’ll be transporting him to Lycan headquarters very soon.”
Darlene went into the tent and got Tammy some of her clothes and took her behind some trees and brush and kept watch as Tammy changed into her own clothes. When they came back Tammy walked up to Greg and Rodger and handed him back his shirt and Tammy said, “Thank you sir I owe you my life.”
“Just get better that’s all I ask.”
Greg walked over to Rodger and said, “Rodger  let me ask you a question.”
“Sure go ahead.”
“I was wondering if you would be interested in a position with the Rouge Retrieval Unit. Watching the way you have handled yourself you would be a perfect fit in the Unit.”
“I don’t know I’m not really good around others.”
“You don’t have to answer me today, give it some thought, like I said you would be perfect for the unit. There would be some time around others because you would need to take some classes and there would be no cost to you.”
“You think I would be good at it huh.”
“Yes sir I do.”
“Ok let me think on it and I’ll get back to you.”
“That’s all I can ask.”
Greg called Sid and said, “Sid can we come to your territory for a few day’s so I can get Marshall and Tolbert ready to travel back to Reidsville.”
“Of course you can, take all the time you need.”
“Thanks Sid I owe you.”
The members of the San Diego pack helped break down the camping gear and loaded it in the bottom of the bus and then they loaded the bus’s and left the campsite and headed down to Alpine where the pack’s territory was. The made the half an hour drive to the pack territory and when they arrived Greg had Sid secure Marshall in a secured building. He had Tammy taken to the infirmary to be examined. The nurse examined Tammy and recommended that she undergo counseling for the number of rapes that she had suffered at the hands of Tolbert.
Greg took out his phone and called back to Jacob, when Jacob answered the phone Greg said, “Good news boss, the girl has been recovered we have one gunshot wounded and the girl who is going to need some counseling, other than that all is good.”
Greg finished his report and put it with the rest of his things; he went out to talk to Richard James.
“Richard how are you doing?”
“I’m very relieved and I owe you for what you did.”
“No sir I just did my job, how is Tammy doing?”
“She is putting up a good front but she is hurting.”
“Take her home, but I will need to see her in a couple of days back in Reidsville, bring her out there and I’ll make sure you get a tour of the Federation compound.”
“I’ll have her back there next week is that soon enough.”
“It is sir, and thank you.”
“Darlene I want you to go back with her and then I want you back in Reidsville on Monday that will give you four days at home.”
“Yes sir.”
“Sid had one of his people take Darlene, Tammy and their dad’s to the airport in San Diego.
Greg looked at Sid and said, “Where can I bunk down at for the next day or two?”
“Right here the spare room is already ready for you.”
“Are you sure you’ve done so much already.”
“I insist Greg.”
“Thanks so much.”
Greg turned in for the night and when his head hit the pillow he was out like a light he was just exhausted. He realized that he had not slept in two days. He started to think about everything that had happened the last few days but before he could start to put it together he fell asleep.
Greg woke the next morning feeling refreshed from a good night’s sleep. He dressed and went into the dining room and sitting on the table was fresh coffee and plates full of breakfast food. Sid saw him and said, “sit down and eat you looked starved.”
“Oh boy I am.”
Greg ate until his belly was full. He thanked Sid for the food and the night’s sleep. He was headed to the infirmary to check on Marshall and if he was able to travel he would head home. If he wasn’t able he may need another night.” Sid told him whatever he needed.
Greg walked into the infirmary and asked the nurse how Marshall and Tolbert were doing and how soon they would be able to travel. The nurse told him that they were doing ok and could travel today. All she had to do was set the broken leg. Greg called the airport and made arrangements to fly out that afternoon and he would be home by eight. Sid drove them to the airport and watched as the plane left for Charlotte.
The plane landed and Greg had his prisoners in tow and they went to his car. He put Marshall and Tolbert in the back seat and handcuffed them, the hour and a half drive went quickly and Greg pulled into the Federation Compound and took Marshall and Tolbert to the lockup. He put them in the cell and told them he would see them in the morning. Next he drove to Jacob’s to inform him that he was back. Jacob invited him in and Greg told him he would be over in the morning he wanted to get back to his mate and his pup.
Greg left Jacob’s and made the short drive to his house. The lights were still on and Greg walked up to the door and opened it and walked in. Randy, Greg’s pup looked up and said “Daddy.”
Holly ran from the kitchen and saw Greg and she leapt into his arms. “God I have missed you so much.”
“I’ve missed you too baby.”
“Did you get everything taken care of out there?”
“I did baby I found the female, I brought the offender back here and I think I may have found a couple of new Lycans for the Units. One for the Protection unit and one for the retrieval unit.”
“That sounds great hon.”
CHAPTER EIGHT
Greg walked into his office at eight sharp and he checked all the messages that had been left for him. As he ran thru them he found nothing much of interest, his secretary buzzed his intercom on his phone and she said, “Mr. Jackson there is a man named Bennett here to see you.”
“Send him right in.”
“Rodger nice to see you so soon.”
“I thought a lot about what you said and I think it is something I would like to do.”
“As I told you back in San Diego there is no cost to you for the required classes, I’ll need you to fill out some forms they will give us a better idea which classes you will need to take.”
 “Ok I believe I can do that.”
Greg buzzed his intercom and had his secretary bring in the required forms and he had her take Rodger to the conference room. Greg told her to get him whatever he needed to complete the forms and whatever he wanted to eat and then bring him and the forms back to him.
Greg smiled as they walked out of his office and knew that Rodger would make a great Agent for the unit, in fact if Greg has his way he will become the senior field agent. Greg picked up the phone and called Jacob’s office and he told Jacob’s secretary that he need to see him as soon as he could. Jacob’s secretary told Greg that he was free now. Greg got up from his desk and walked down the hall to Jacob’s office and walked in and Jacob met him at the door. “What can I do for you Greg?”
“First things first, paperwork is done on California and this is your copy.”
“Wow  first day back and the paperwork is done by eight thirty in the morning, good job. Come on into my office and have a cup of coffee.”
Thanks, I think I could use one.”
“OK what else is on your mind?”
“I think I found someone for the Rough Retrieval Unit and I don’t think he needs any of the classes. I have him filling out the Phsyc forms and some of the routine forms but this Lycan was a big help out in California and I think he will be perfect as the senior field agent.”
“What’s his name and where does he come from?”
“I had Mark run his background and his name is Rodger Bennett, he is from Salt Lake City, Utah he was run out of the pack for ruffling up the son of the packs Alpha. The packs report says that Bennett claimed that the Alpha’s son had tried to assault his girlfriend.”
“Kind of sounds like a hothead.”
“I would bet that’s what you first thought of me when you heard about me.”
“Come to think of it I think I did.”
“Look how that turned out.”
“Ok you’ve made your point.”
“I’m also looking at sending Miller thru the Academy and putting him into the Protection Unit. But if he puts weight on and can compete I may add him to the retrieval unit. This kid is good. It’s just a gut feeling about him. Then when Tammy get’s here I may offer her a position also, but before I do that she is going to have some healing to do. And I am going to do some in-depth talking with her.”
“Why would you do that?”
“Jacob she is a strong female, she went thru hell with Tolbert and she actually seemed to handle it well, I was thinking an office position.”
“I’ll hold reservations on that one.”
“I totally understand, like I said she is going to have to do some healing first.”
*****
Jacob’s secretary buzzed into his intercom and informed Jacob that a group of Limo’s has entered the grounds and they are wanting to speak with you. The gate has passed them and said there is something you should know, he thinks they are all Vampires.
The caravan of three limo’s passed thru the gate and onto the Federation grounds and pulled up in front of the main building for the Lycan Federation. 
Jacob and Greg were standing at the entrance and a man stepped out of the limo and walked up to Jacob. Jacob’s senses told him that this was not a ordinary man or a Lycan, he was a vampire. The man said, “sir, we are not here for trouble we have come in peace, I have Mr. William Grant in the car and he is requesting an audience with a Lycan named Jacob Matthews the leader of the Lycan Federation.”
“I am Jacob but who is William Grant? What does he want?”
“Mr. Grant is the current king of the vampire nation. I am not privileged to know anything other than he wishes to speak with you.”
“I will see Mr. Grant and two more from his party. The rest of the party must remain in the cars.”
“I will inform Mr. Grant of your conditions.”
The vampire turned and walked back to the limo and the rear window was lowered and the other vampire was saying something then Jacob and Greg could hear some voices getting loud inside the limo.
Jacob turned to Greg and said, “Bring them to the conference room, when they are ready”
“Will do boss.”
The King stepped out of the Limo along with one male and one female Vampire. They walked up to Greg and Greg said, “If you will, please follow me I will take you to Jacob Matthews.”
Greg escorted the trio to the conference room and told the vampires to take seats. Greg sat down next to Jacob.
Jacob said, “Mr. Grant you requested this meeting so please go ahead.
“Thank you Mr. Matthews, may I introduce my assistances they are Robert Grant, my eldest son and first prince, Tabatha Grant my daughter and I am the current King of all vampires and all of the broods report to me.”
“Thank you Mr. Grant, the Lycan with me is Greg Jackson a senior member of my staff.
First may I say congratulations on the new Lycan Federation, it has drawn a lot attention all over the world, this is a great day for all of the Lycans. I also want to say that I am truly sorry for the attack on your pack by a member of my nation of vampires. I strongly believe in our laws and rules that prohibit such actions and in the peace treaty that was signed by our ancestors so many years ago.”
“Thank you so much for that sir, I do not have much experience in dealing with vampires but the attack on my pack has left a bad taste in my mouth.”
“Hopefully I can change that mistrust in the vampire nation. The reason I have come to you is I would like to reaffirm the peace treaty that was signed so long ago.”
“That will need to go before the Federation’s High Council, and they will meet in three weeks, but I see no problem in getting this before the High Council.”
“I shall wait for a call from you then. This is the number that I can be reached at. It is my personal number direct to me.”
“Here is my personal number as well, feel free to call me at any time.”
The meeting broke up and the vampire group departed hopeful that the treaty would be reaffirmed between the vampires and the Lycans. After the vampires left Jacob looked Greg and asked, “What do you think about this?”
“I think that it is a good idea and it may bring the Lycan race and the vampire race together.”
 “I going to bring it to the High Council at the next meeting.”
“That’s all you can do, let the Council as a whole make the decision on what to do.”
*****
The meeting for the Federation High Council was scheduled to start at ten and Jacob was all set to bring the proposal of the king of vampires William Grant before the council. He was concerned that there would be a mass of opposition to the proposal to reaffirm the peace treaty. The treaty has been in existence for over five hundred years, long before any of the Lycans on the High Council were born, but the treaty has been broken many times by both sides. Some of the vampires around today were alive back then as vampires live much longer than Lycans do. Though Lycans age slowly they still have a live span of only two hundred years. Many of the older Lycans were killed off during the last three Lycan wars.
At ten o’clock sharp Jacob called the meeting to order. And the usual opening ceremonies though informal were still conducted and once all of the members were accounted for Jacob said, “Thank you for being here today for this regular meeting of the High Council. I’ll open the floor to any of you that has an issue to bring before the council.”
Not one of the Sub-Alpha’s had any issues, so Jacob started with the Vampire proposal. The first item is that William Grant who is the current King of the Vampire Nation met with me last month and has proposed that both nations, the Lycan and Vampire that we reaffirm the peace treaty that is over five hundred years old. Now before we have any discussion about the proposal I want to say that I have little experience with the Vampire Nation but I have had one encounter with a rouge Vampire and it was settled with the death of the entire brood at the hands of my pack. Saying that I truly believe that it was the actions of a rouge and we have them also. I am in favor of reaffirming the treaty, I believe if we reaffirm the treaty it will allow us to have better and more open relations with the Vampire Nation.”
“You are saying that you are for this even after what happened to your pack?”
“That is correct.”
Well if you can be for it after that then I also am for it.”
Several of the Sub-Alphas were huddled together and they were discussing the proposal and some of the group would raise their voice once in a while. Jacob called the meeting back to order after several minutes which had allowed the groups to decide what they would do.
“All of you have had a chance to think and discuss the proposal so now I am going to put it to a vote. All in favor raise your hand.”
The vote of the Sub-Alphas was a tie at eight votes yes and eight votes no. That meant that Jacob would cast the deciding vote and he voted yes. The motion carries and the council reaffirms the peace treaty between the Lycan and Vampire Nations. With that a copy of the treaty will be mailed to each of you, I would you like to read it through and recommend changes that fit the world as it is today. We will discuss the recommended changes next month.
“I have another issue to inform all of you of. The first is we have completed the Rouge Retrieval and recovered the kidnapped female. As a result of that operation I have approved the hiring of two were’s to the team. One is in the Rouge Retrieval Unit and I waived the requirement that he have to attend the Academy. He meets all of the requirements to become a retrieval unit officer. The other is attending the Academy right now and when he finishes the Academy he will be hired into the Protection Unit. I also have one more but I am sitting on that one until some evaluations are completed. “If no one has any further business I will close this meeting.”
There was no further business and Jacob closed the meeting and invited the Council to his house for a barbeque and beer which each Sub-Alpha gladly accepted. At the impromptu party the discussion of the vote was carried on and Jacob thought that several times that a fight would break out. Jacob would walk into each loud discussion and calm things down by reassuring each Sub-Alpha that this was in the best interest of all Lycans, if there should be something happen then there would be open discussions and the offending party would be punished.
 The party broke up close to eleven and Jacob was exhausted as he had spent most of the night preventing fights, but by the time the party was over everyone was doing fine and they were ok with the treaty. All agreed to review and make recommendations if any to the treaty. Jacob decided that he would call William Grant tomorrow due to the hour. 
The next morning Jacob pulled Mr. Grant’s number out of his desk drawer and he dialed the number the phone was answered on the second ring by “William Grant here.”
“Mr. Grant, Jacob Matthews here, I wanted to let you know that the Lycan High Council Approved the reaffirmation of the old peace treaty. It was a close vote but it was approved.”
“That is great news Mr. Matthews, do your people have any changes that they would like to make?”
“At this point no, I gave each Sub-Alpha a copy of the treaty and gave them until our meeting next month to have any recommendations.”
“That works, my family and the Kings Council is doing the same thing and I will instruct them to have them done by your next meeting and may I ask when that is.”
“Our meeting is exactly one month from today. I would suggest to you that once both sides have a comprehensive list of recommend changes we present them to each other and follow that up a month later by a meeting between both side to discuss the recommended changes and if we come together on them we vote to implement them.”
  “I would agree to that.”
“That’s great if there is nothing else you have a wonderful day.”
“Goodbye”
The opening of a dialog with the Vampires could lead to a long term peace accord. Jacob spent the next month reviewing the original peace treaty that was signed over five hundred years ago. He would read a section and then reread it and jot down notes. After reading the treaty over for a total of five times Jacob had no changes that he would recommend to the original treaty.
The meeting of the High Council was convened at the Federation headquarters, and Jacob got right to the meat of the meeting. He started with the Sub-Alpha from France and went right around the table. The only recommended change was that anyone who committed an offence that broke any of the agreements of the treaty that the punishment would be outlined by the offended party.
The High Council did however express concern about the reason’s that the Vampire Royal Council might have some hidden agenda with presenting the reaffirmation of the treaty now. Jacob was able to put that thought and concern to rest by telling them the for the first time in centuries they was a single ruling body that the Lycan race had.
The vote to present the changes to the treaty was fourteen to three and authorized Jacob to deal with the Vampires and represent the Lycans. Jacob asked for two volunteers from the council to work with him and not one of the Sub-Alphas wanted to assist Jacob. 
“With no one volunteering to help, I am going to select two of you from the council to assist me. I am not asking permission but rather I am telling the Council what I am going to do.”
There was some mumbling that they were not happy about Jacob’s decision but when Jacob again asked for a volunteer not one of the High Council did. Jacob ended the meeting and for the first time since the start of the Federation Jacob did not host a get together at his house for the High Council.
Jacob left the council chambers and made the short walk to his house. He needed to contact William Grant and set up the meeting to go over all of the recommended changes from the High Council and to hear their changes. When he arrived at home he went right into his office and picked up the phone and placed the call to Grant. They set up the first meeting for the next day and they would meet at the Reidsville pack conference room.
CHAPTER NINE

Tammy returned to Iowa and her home pack with her father. It was a long three days for Tammy as just about every pack member stopped by to wish her well, it was amazing how quick information spread in a small pack.
Tammy walked into the kitchen where her mom was getting ready to start to prepare supper for the family and she said, “mom, where is dad, I need to talk with the both of you.”
“He is out in the back yard let me call him in.”
Tammy’s mom walked to the back door and called in her mate and when he came in they both sat at the table across from Tammy.
“Mom, dad I’m having a problem and I want to let you both know, everyone that has come by and everything has been great and they have all been so nice, but it is causing me to relive everything that happened to me in California, I just can’t take it anymore. I’ve given this a lot of thought and I know it is going to upset you but I am going to go to Reidsville and take up the offer to go through the Academy.”
“Tammy are you sure about this?” Denyse James, Tammy’s mother asked.
“Yes I am mom, like I said I’ve given this a lot of thought and I really believe that it is best for me to do this.”
“Tammy I think I can understand why you are feeling the way you are feeling, but I’m not sure this is the right thing to do.” Richard said.
“Dad I know it is the right thing and besides I will have a job when I graduate from the Academy and I’ll have Darlene to talk with. She can show me around and keep me out of trouble.”
“I don’t agree with you sweetheart but if you think it is the right thing to do and you mother agrees with you then I won’t object.”
“Thank you daddy.” And Tammy stood up and grabbed her dad around the neck from behind and gave him a great big kiss on the top of his head.
“Mom what do you say?”
OK I will go along with you on this then.”
Thank you both so very much, I am going to call the Academy and see when I can start and make my travel arrangements.” Tammy left the kitchen and went up to her room.
“Denyse do you think this is a good idea?”
“To be honest with you Richard I do think it is a good idea, Tammy needs to get what has happened off her mind and studying and taking the classes at the Academy may be just what she needs.”
“I hope so, I really hope so.”
Tammy dug around in her dresser and found the business card for Greg Jackson and she picked up the telephone and dialed the number a woman’s voice answered the call and Tammy told the woman who she was and asked to speak with Mr. Jackson. The woman asked her to hold and in a few seconds Greg answered “Tammy how are you doing?”
“I’m doing fine sir, the reason I’m calling is to see if the offer to attend the Academy and come to work for you is still open.”
“It sure is we have another class starting next Monday, do you want to start that soon?”
“If I can get in I sure would like to be in that class.”
“Consider yourself in the class, be here no later than Saturday we will be having a shuttle bus running between the Charlotte airport and the Academy starting tomorrow and it will run thru Sunday.”
“I’ll get my reservations and I’ll be there tomorrow.”
Ok I’ll have a dorm room set up for you.”
“Thank you Mr. Jackson.”
“Your very welcome Tammy I’ll see you tomorrow. Come by my office when you get here and if it’s after hours call my cell it’s on my card that I gave you.”
“Yes sir will do.”
Tammy hung up the phone and picked it back up and made plane reservations. She would be flying out at eight in the morning and arriving in Charlotte just after noon. She then got out her suitcase and packed her clothes and went down and told her mom and dad what time her plane left.
Tammy’s plane landed in Charlotte just before noon on Friday and after she retrieved he luggage she looked for the shuttle and after walking down one side of the baggage line she headed back up the other way and say a man standing with a sign held up high that said Reidsville. Tammy walked up to the man and asked him, “Are you the shuttle to the Academy?”
“Yes I am have a seat over there.” Pointing to a long bench.
“Thank you sir.” And Tammy walked to the bench and took a seat next to another female who was going to the Academy. Tammy introduced herself to the female and they chatted with each other about their homes. Tammy’s new friend was named Mary Nelson
They boarded the shuttle bus that took them to Reidsville and when they got off the bus Tammy was in awe of what she saw at the Academy. Tammy had never seen anything like the whole compound and the scents of all of the Lycans filled her nostrils.
Tammy was taking in the sights of the compound and she felt someone touch her shoulder and she turned with terror in her eyes and then she recognized Greg. She felt like her legs were going to give out and she almost fell when Greg grabbed her and help to steady her and keep her from falling.
“Miss James are you alright?”
“Yes I think so I just had a flashback to California when you touched my shoulder.”
“Tell you what, let’s get you settled in your dorm room and then go to my office. While you’re here I think I want you to meet with our doctor and go through some counseling for a couple of weeks.”
“Yes sir Mr. Jackson, I think that would be a good idea. I told my parents that I didn’t think I needed any before but after what just happened I now think it would be a good idea.”
“Good, come with me and let’s get you registered.”
Greg escorted Tammy to the Academy registration office and when it was Tammy’s turn to sit with the clerk Greg told her to get Tammy all taken care of and then bring her to his office. The clerk just nodded and Greg left to go back to his office.
The clerk looked Tammy over and said “You have some pretty important friends her at the Academy, Mr. Jackson is a pretty influential Lycan around here. How do you know him?”
“It is a really long story and I don’t want to bore you with the details.”
The clerk just shrugged her shoulders and took care of all the paperwork and took Tammy to her dorm room. Tammy set her bag down and the clerk took Tammy to Greg’s office.
Tammy knocked on the door to Greg’s office and he looked up from the paperwork he was doing and told Tammy to come in and have a seat. Tammy entered the office and sat down in the big plush leather chair the faced Greg’s desk. Greg opened a drawer of his desk and pulled out a listing of all the people that worked at the Academy and found the number he was looking for he picked up the phone and dialed the number when the phone was answered Greg said, “Good afternoon this is Greg Jackson and I would like to speak with Doctor Deal.”
In a matter of minutes Doctor Deal came on the other end of the phone and said, “Hello Mr. Jackson this is Dr, Deal how can I help you?”
Hi doc, I need a favor, I have a new student with me and I would like to schedule an appointment for her to see you.”
“She must be a pretty important student for you to call and make the appointment personally.”
“Doc it’s Tammy James. She will most likely need a few sessions with you. I promised her father that I would look after her while she is here.”
“Tammy James, why is that name familiar to me.”
“California doc.”
“Ah yes you got it Mr. Jackson, I’ll take care of it. Let’s set her up for Wednesday after her classes.”
“Thanks doc.”
Greg hung up the phone and told Tammy it was all taken care of and he handed her a piece of paper with the building number, office number and the date of the appointment on it.
“Now that, that is all taken care of your going to come with me. I have a few people I want you to meet and then you will be having dinner at my house tonight.”
“But sir is it ok to do that?”
“It will be fine, trust me.”
The two of them walked out to Greg’s car and they drove over to the pack territory and Greg pulled up to a big house They got out of the car and walked to the front door but before Greg could knock Tammy asked who lived there and Greg said to her “You will find out in a second or two.”
Greg knocked and Dawn answered and she had Chuck, Amanda and Susan all in tow with her. Greg asked, “Hi Dawn is Jacob around, I have someone I want him to meet.”
“Sure come on in Greg.”
Dawn called for Jacob and when he walked into the room Tammy’s jaw dropped, she had never seen a Lycan as big and important looking as the Lycan that stood before her.
“Tammy this is Jacob Matthews, he is the Alpha of my pack and the Alpha for the Federation.”
“Miss James it is a pleasure to meet you.” Jacob said holding out his hand.
Tammy stood there dumb struck and she didn’t hear Jacob speak and Greg shook her and she quickly took Jacob’s hand.
“I’m sorry sir I’m just in a little bit of shock meeting you sir,”
“First get rid of the sir, my name is Jacob and I fully expect you to call me that.”
Tammy could tell by the sound of Jacobs voice that he was a gentle man but a very powerful one as well, Tammy voice shaking a little bit said “Jacob it is then”
“Greg call Holly and have her bring Randy and you all stay for dinner tonight.” Dawn said.
“Now Dawn we were planning on have dinner with Tammy at our place.”
“Greg you may as well give in you know that Dawn always gets her way.” Jacob said laughing.
“I know she gets it being mated to you.”
“I know, Dawn if you will take care of Miss James I have to talk to Greg about a few things.”
“I sure will babe.”
“Greg, let’s go into my office.”
Without waiting for a reply Jacob got up and walked into his office Greg frowned and got up and followed Jacob and sat in the chair opposite Jacob and said, “What’s up Jacob?”
“How soon will you have a team ready for the field?”
“I’d like another month, but I can push it up if I need to.”
“I’ve been getting a few calls about a possible Rouge down in Florida.”
“Why are they calling you and not me?”
“The calls are coming from a old friend of mine, the last time he called I gave him your number and told him he would be working through you.”
“Thanks Jacob.”
“Decide what you need and when you need to deploy it’s in your hands Greg.”
“I’ll take care of it.”
“Good now let’s go talk to your young female.”
The two of them got up and walked back into the living room and had seats just as Holly and Randy arrived at the house.
Tammy was nervous being around Greg and adding Jacob to the mix just made her nerves worse. She knew that she could handle the classes and all of the physical requirements that the Academy would put on her but she was worried about mental aspect of being here with Greg and Jacob watching over her. She looked up just as Jacob and Greg walked back into the living room.
“Holly glad you made it over here.” Jacob said.
“I love coming over here and bringing Randy over so he can play with Chuck, Amanda and Susan.” Holly answered.
Jacob turned his attention to Tammy and said, “Now young lady tell me what you think about Reidsville so far.”
“Well sir it is a bit over whelming, this place is bigger than my pack back in Iowa and everyone here is so friendly.”
“Don’t let it lull you into a false sense of security, the work load at the Academy will challenge you and the first class set the bar high.”
“I know that Darlene is my best friend and she has told me what to expect here and I have every intention of doing better than she did.”
“Just what I like a can do positive attitude.” Jacob said.
“I will do the best I can.”
“Well don’t be surprised that you will be watched closely by most of the staff at the Academy. You went thru a lot in California and to be honest I have some concerns about your mental state and I have asked our doctor to meet with you a few times during your stay at the Academy.”
“Thank you for that Jacob, what happened to me is in the past and I am and will continue to work to put that whole event past me.”
Dawn walked into the living room from the kitchen and announced that dinner was on the table and that it was time to eat and everyone in the living room got up and walked to the dining room and took seats at the table. Following pack protocol Jacob was the first to be served his food and then the remaining males were fed and finally the females were served.
After the meal was finished the males retired to the back deck to enjoy a few beers and talk about the events that have occurred during the last few days and to watch the pups play in the yard. The females were left to clean up the dining room and to kitchen before joining the males on the deck.
Greg looked at Jacob and said, “Jacob I am going to make a couple of additions to my staff on the retrieval unit. I am going to make Rodger Bennett the senior field member of the unit and I am not going to send him thru the Academy. After reviewing all of his paper work and scores on the tests I see no reason to put him thru all of that.”
“It’s your unit I trust your decisions Greg.”
“Thanks also can you send me the info you have on the item we talked about earlier, I am going to put Rodger on that.”
“You will have it by morning.”
The get together broke up and Greg drove Tammy back to the Academy and to her dorm room. Tammy thanked Greg for the meal and for the chance to meet Jacob. She added that she would not let him down.
Tammy walked up to her dorm room and opened her door and she was surprised to find Darlene in her room. “I see how it is, first day on campus and you are hobnobbing with all the big wigs.” Darlene said as she rushed to Tammy and hugged her.
“You know what it’s like, get to know the ones in control and your life is so much easier.”
 “I’m glad you’re here and if I can do anything for you while you’re here let me know. Who knows you and I could be a team when you finish your classes.”
“That would be great, but before we can even think about that I have to finish all of my classes and graduate. I’m looking forward to starting and I plan on doing better than you did.”
“You always were better than me in all of our classes growing up.” Darlene said with a big smile on her face.
“You set the bar high and I am going to have to work my butt of to do better but I will.” Tammy smiled back.
I know you have a lot to do to get settled how about lunch tomorrow and I can let you know what to expect while you’re here.”
“That works for me and Darlene thanks for everything.”
“Hay your my best friend and I’ll do whatever it takes to help you out.”
“Again thanks now get out of here so I can start to get settled.”
Darlene left the dorm room and Tammy started to put all of her things away and when she realized what time it was she turned in for the night knowing she had a big day starting in the morning and she didn’t want to be half asleep.
Tammy woke early knowing she had a busy day, she would meet first with her program advisor and get her class schedule, that would be followed with a tour of the Academy and all of the faculties of the Academy, then would be lunch followed by a meeting with the Dean of Academics, the Superintendent of the Academy and the Lycan Enforcement Department Head. Following the meetings they would be released for the remainder of the day and get ready for the classes starting the following day.
Tammy received her class from her advisor and after reviewing them she waited for the tour. Once the tour was completed and lunch was over she attended the required meetings and then went back to her dorm room and got things ready for her first day of classes. She decided to turn in early so she would be fresh for the first day of class.
*****
Greg was meeting with Rodger Bennett in half an hour to inform him of the decision of him not attending any of the classes and to let him know that he would be the senior field agent for the unit. Greg was sure this was the right decision based on his profile and testing.
Greg was reviewing the information Jacob had sent him about the possible rouge and he intended to sent Rodger to investigate and take Sam Wilson along with him. Greg really didn’t give Sam much of a chance during the California operation and he used him sparingly. 
Greg’s intercom buzzed and it was his secretary telling him that Rodger had arrived and Greg had her send him into his office. Rodger entered the office and took the chair opposite Greg.
“Rodger thanks for coming in, I want to discuss your position in the retrieval unit.”
“Sure Greg what’s up.”
“Well after reviewing you psychological evaluation and your test scores, I’ve decided that you do not need to go thru the Academy. You have everything it takes to go right out into the field, in fact I am making you the senior field agent for the unit. I’m going to have a job for you and you need to be ready to leave in about three weeks.”
“What is it going to be and where will I be going?”
“We have a report of a possible rouge down in central Florida, so what I need is for you to take that box over by the bookcase and study everything in it. The complete rules and regulations of the unit are in there. You will be doing a qualifying evaluation on Sam Wilson, he was the top of the first class at the Academy.”
“That sounds easy enough.”
“I hope so but if he fails your evaluation you will need to bring home the rouge.”
“I understand.”
“I’ll have more information on the subject in the next couple of weeks I want you to be ready to go by then.”
“I’ll be ready and so will Sam. I’ve spent some time with the pup and he has a good head on his shoulders and he knows how to take care of himself.”
“That will make this all the easier for you then.”
“Not a problem Greg we will be ready whenever you need us.”
“Thanks Rodger.”
“Anytime boss.”
Rodger got up and picked up the box and headed back to his apartment to start reading.
*****
Dr. Deal was excited about the prospect of working with the two Lycans, though they really didn’t fit the mold of being rouge’s they both had serious problems that would allow her to put her studies of Lycan behavioral science to the test.
Her first subject would be Dr. Marshall who had cut a wild female wolf from a pack and had intended to mate with it, a practice that had been banned by Lycans for over a hundred years.
Her second subject would be Matt Tolbert, a Lycan male who at only twenty six had murdered his mother and father and then went on a killing spree after that and he had admitted to killing ten more humans and his last event was the kidnapping and rape of a young female Lycan.
She had also conducted interviews on Rodger Bennett over the last two weeks and declared that he was not a rouge but he did have rouge tendencies. He was more of a loner and really preferred to remain alone. He would bear more watching as most loner Lycans do, more than eighty percent of the loners that she had studied became rouges.
Her forth patient she examined Jeff Miller, a young Lycan male who had run away from his pack due to discrimination. Being a half breed he was run down by his old pack, he was constantly berated and pushed around by the pack members and his own father disowned him. Dr. Deal had determined that he had no rouge tendencies and was nothing more than a young male looking to fit in somewhere. She had cleared him to attend the Academy but she would still talk with him weekly.
Her fifth and last patient was Tammy James and she had deep concerns about her psychological well being. Tolbert had raped her over three dozen times and though she was putting up a good face she was deeply troubled from the incident. The ordeal she survived would take a toll on anyone and she would need intense counseling.
Dr. Deal was all set to meet with Dr. Marshall and he was brought in by two guards and had him take a seat across from Dr. Deal. The guards were dismissed, they left the room and took up station right outside her door.
“Dr. Deal so good to see you again, what shall we discuss today?”
“Well Dr. Marshall, I was hoping that you would talk with me about your intentions with the wild female wolf.”
“Very simple Doctor, in my studying of the wild pack I realized there was very little information on the mating of a wild wolf and a Lycan. The female was going into heat and I decided to change into wolf form and mate her. Simple as that.”
“But Dr. Marshall you have to be aware that that practice was banned over a hundred years ago.”
“Practice be damned, the information that was available was incomplete. We needed new information for our behavioral science department to study, I was going to give that to them.”
“But why, the practice has been banned so there would be no reason to study it correct?”
“That is true Dr. Deal but it will also help to purify the blood line.”
“That Dr. Marshall is just not true, it could be true of Lycans came from wild wolfs but we didn’t.”
“That’s ridicules Dr. Deal, Werewolf’s are decedents from wild wolfs.”
“Do you know the history of the Lycan race and how they came to be?”
“Well to be honest no I don’t.”
“Let me educate you then, Richard Thymes was the first Lycan in the year nine fifty B.C. he was bitten by a man who had a spell put on him by a witch named Sherri Corniellias. The witch was killed before the spell could be reversed.”
“I was not aware of that, I knew that Thymes was the first Lycan but I never knew about the witch and the spell or the year.”
“Dr. Marshall, Lycans are breeds always have been and always will be.”
“You my dear are wrong and I will prove it,” Dr. Marshall jumped to his feet and ran to the window, he raised the window and then realized that there were bars on the window and there was no way out.” Dejected Dr. Marshall sat back down in his chair.
“Do you think we are fools Dr. Marshall? We thought you might try to escape, all you are doing is making matters worse for yourself.”
“It was worth a try, what is going to happen to me?”
“First we will try to rehabilitate you back into the real world and see if you can fit into a pack, should that fail then your fate is at the hands of the High Council.”
“Doctor I can promise you this I will do everything you ask of me from now on.’
“That’s good Doctor. This session is over and I will see you tomorrow.”
“Thank you Dr. Deal.”
The guards outside the door were summoned and they came into the doctor’s office and escorted Marshall back to his holding cell. Marshall hated being caged and his inner wolf hated it even more. If obeying and conforming would help get him out of here he would do just that.
Dr. Deal had a fifteen minute break before she was to see Mr. Tolbert, she opened his file and did a quick review. Of the four patients Tolbert worried her the most, having to deal with the murders was bad enough but having to deal with a Lycan male that should have gone through the changing a number of years ago but hasn’t. On top of all of that he fits the description of a classic rouge.
There was a knock on the door and she said “come in.”
Four guards escorted Tolbert into the doctor’s office. They put Tolbert into the same seat that Marshall had sat in and the guards moved to the back of the room and stood quietly. Dr. Deal told the guards to wait outside in the waiting room and not one of the guards moved. Dr. Deal said, “I said wait in the waiting room.”
“Sorry doc we were instructed not to leave you alone with him.” Mark said.
“Who gave that order?”
“Jacob did doc.”
“Take Mr. Tolbert back into the waiting room until I call for him again.”
Mark had the other three guards take Tolbert out of the office. Dr. Deal picked up the phone and dialed the number for Jacob, Jacob answered the phone on the second ring. “Jacob Matthews may I help you?”
“Mr. Matthews this is Doctor Deal, I have four guards that will not leave me alone with Mr. Tolbert, there is no way that I can gain his trust if I have to have guards in the room. I want them out.”
“My dear doctor, Tolbert has committed a great many murders his mother and father included, He also kidnapped a young female and raped he more times than I can count. I will be damned if I am going to leave you alone for the first few times that have sessions with him. If you are not willing to accept that then I will bring him before the  High Council and there will be no sessions with you. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes sir you do, I will do my best until you feel comfortable leaving him alone with me.’
“Thank you doctor.” Jacob replied and hung up the phone.
“Is he always that forceful?”
“No he usually isn’t but when it comes to protecting a member of his pack or in the federation then yes he is.”
Dr. Deal sat down in her chair and had Mark bring Tolbert back into the office and the guards sat him in the same chair the Dr. Marshall sat in putting a desk between Tolbert and Dr. Deal.
“Mr. Tolbert, my name is Dr. Deal I am here to evaluate you over the next couple of days. You have some very serious charges pending against you and we want to see what we can do for you.”
“There is nothing you can do for me. I’m what they call a Lycan and there is nothing you can do for me.”
“On the contrary there is a lot we can do for you.”
“Unless you know of more Lycans no there isn’t.”
Mr. Tolbert, I know many Lycans and they will help you but you have to want help.”
Tolbert’s eyes lit up when the doctor told him she knew many Lycans, but he didn’t know what a Lycan was. All he could find on the internet was that they were werewolf’s that had intelligence, not werewolf’s like you saw on TV.
“Really, how many do you know? Can you take me too them?”
“I know a lot and I don’t need to take you anywhere to meet them you are surrounded by them right now.”
“STOP don’t feed me a line of bullshit lady.”
“I’ll prove it to you Mr. Tolbert. Mark come here please.”
“Yes doctor what can I do for you.”
Mr. Tolbert refuses that we are Lycans, in fact I don’t think he really believes that he is one, would you please prove it to him.”
“Sure doc, not a problem.”
The air around Mark started to shimmer and right before Tolbert’s eyes Mark changed to his wolf form. Tolbert was shocked at what he saw. Tolbert said, “What kind of trick is this?”
Before the doctor could answer Mark’s wolf had the shimmer around it and suddenly Mark reappeared and said, “Tolbert it is no trick, everyone is this room is a Lycan, in fact everyone on this property is a Lycan.”
“But how? Where did Lycans come from.”
“It happened a long time ago, almost a thousand years before Christ, Richard Thymes was the first Lycan in the year nine fifty B.C. he was bitten by a man who had a spell put on him by a witch named Sherri Corniellias. The witch was killed before the spell could be reversed. That was the start of the Lycan race, Lycans have a long life span compared to humans but not as long as vampires. The average life span of a Lycan is between two hundred to three hundred years.” Dr. Deal said.
“So exactly what is a Lycan?” Tolbert asked.
“Just what you have read on the internet but not like what you have read we are werewolf’s but with intelligent’s. Our human half controls our inner wolf at all times, even when we are in wolf form. We live in packs just like wild wolfs with some differences like packs are larger than wild wolf packs so we have Lycans called Betas that help the Alpha to control the pack. We live by laws other then the law of the wild, we have a Council of elders or some packs call it a high council that advises the Alpha but the Alpha is not bound to follow the advice. There is a lot for you to learn and accept over time.” Dr. Deal said.
“How come I don’t have the ability to change?”
“You do but no one has been with you to help you through the first time, but we will help you to learn how to change in time.”
“But I want to know how to change now.”
“In time Mr. Tolbert in time.”
“When will I get a pack?”
“Again In time Mr. Tolbert.”
“Let me explain what is going to happen to you, Normally when a Lycan kill’s in cold blood he is taken before the High Council and then put to death. It is my job to see if you are fit to come into pack life. By that I mean that if I find that you are going to be a rouge or unfit in any way you will go right before the High Council, but before that happens the Alpha has declared that you go through counseling.”
“Why?”
“Because of what you did to the young female and your parents as well as the other murders if I find you fit you may still be put to death, it is all up to you and how you act and react to what we do over the counseling period.”
“What if I don’t want to go through the counseling?”
“Then I will refer you right to the Alpha.”
“How long will I have to go through the counseling?
“I can’t answer that question, it is all up to you and how your respond.”
“Then I will try the counseling but I won’t make any promises on how I do.”
“There are no promises in counseling.”
“OK I’ll give it a try.”
“Good that’s all I or anyone here can ask. Until I say you can be left alone you will be staying in the holding cell.”
“I understand.”
“Mark you can take him back.”
“Ok doc, Let’s go Mr. Tolbert.”
The four guards escorted Tolbert back to his holding cell and Tolbert asked, “Sir, what’s it like, being a Lycan I mean.”
“Son, I personally have found it to be one of the most rewarding things in the world. You see I wasn’t born a Lycan. Jacob the pack Alpha helped turn me into one with the help of a Shaman. It was something I wanted. I was married to a female Lycan when I was a human. Now we are mates and trust me there is a big difference.”
Mark and the three other guards left Tolbert and went to the office area of the holding cells and Mark told the other three “You be careful around him I don’t trust him, I think he is playing a game.”
“Will do Mark.” All three answered.
“I’ll check back in before evening.”
Dr. Deal called for Jeff Miller to come to her office and he was pulled out of class to come and see the doctor. Jeff knocked on the Dr. Deal’s office door and when she told him to come in he opened the door and went in.
“Have a seat Mr. Miller.”
“Thanks doc, I can sure tell you things are sure looking up for me, and all thanks to Mr. Jackson.”
“That is really good to hear, Have you found things different being here?”
“Oh god yes being a half breed and being accepted is great.”
“You seem to be enjoying yourself here.”
“Doc you have no idea what I went through the last eight years. Not being near a pack was hard but not getting beat on or spit on made it all worthwhile, I can tell you life is good.”
“Let me ask you this when you graduate, what happens if your assignment takes you to your old pack?”
“That’s easy I’ll have a partner and together we will handle it, the Retrieval Agent will have done all the messy work and if I should have to go down there by myself, again it’s easy if they want to start in on me all I have to do is call my boss.”
“Well I think you have adjusted well here.”
“Mr. Jackson has been a big help, he is working with me and it has really built my confidence up.”
“Well it shows.”
“Thanks doc.”
“How about we meet in two weeks. If everything is the same then you won’t need to meet with me anymore.”
“Sounds good to me.”
“Thank you Mr. Miller.”
Jeff got up and left the office and returned to his class, there was a bounce in his step that had been missing for years.
Dr. Deal started to write her report on her first three patients as she had about half an hour before her next appointment, her telephone rang and it was Greg Jackson, “Doc can you please come over to the admin building, I have something I need you to look at.”
“Sure Greg I’ll be right over.”
Doctor Deal left her office and walked to the Administrative building and when she rounded the corner she spotted the Academy medical staff rolling someone out in a stretcher. They put the person in the back of a SUV and pulled out and it looked like they were headed to the pack area. She started up the stairs when Greg came out “Ah doc glad you could come over let’s go into my office.”
“Who was that they just took away.”
“We will discuss it in my office.”
Dr. Deal and Greg walked to his office and Greg offered the Doctor a seat and he walked around his desk and took his seat. Greg stared at the picture on his desk for a second and started to speak at the same time that Dr. Deal did.
“Please Greg go ahead.”
“Thanks Doc, We have had an incident that has me deeply troubled and I’m not sure how to handle it.”
“What is it Greg?”
“The body you saw being rolled away was that of Tammy James. Another student went to check on her today because she missed her class. When the student got to Tammy’s room she had to get a key from the building manager because the door was locked. When they returned and the manager opened the door they were shocked to see a body outside the window and when they went to the window they found that Tammy had hung herself from the roof. The manager checked her and she was already dead. They could not get a hold of Mike or Alan so they called me. I called you and Jacob before I went up to the room, my problem Doc is I have never been exposed to a Lycan that killed themselves.”
“I would say that there are not many that have been exposed to that. It is something that is very, very rare.”
“I will set up some group and individual counseling sessions for whoever wants them and my suggestion to you right off the bat is don’t dwell on it.”
“Ok thanks Doc, I would like for you to go Tammy’s room and go through it and see if you can find anything out that might have led to this.”
 “Will do Greg you have my number call me if you need anything.”
“Thanks Doc.”
Dr, Deal got up and walked out of Greg’s office and almost ran Jacob over. Jacob stepped aside and let the doctor pass then walked into Greg’s office.
“How are you doing Greg?”
“I’ll be ok just puzzled as to why she would do this, but if I find out that this had anything to do with Tolbert I’ll kill him.”
“That’s why I’m here, I knew you would feel that way and that’s why I am turning this over to Mike and Alan, who should have it in the first place.”
“Jacob, please don’t, I owe it to Tammy and her father.”
“No Greg this is an Academy matter and that falls under Mike and Alan, not the Rouge Retrieval Unit.”
“But I was the one responsible for her coming here and I promised her father I would look out for her. If you give this to Mike and Alan can I at least stay in the loop?”
“I’ll think about it, I don’t want you to do something you will regret with Tolbert.”
“I just need to calm down a little and I promise you I won’t do anything to Tolbert.”
“I’ll think about it, Greg.”
“Thanks Jacob for giving that much.”
When Mike and Alan get back here I want you to brief them on what you know and then step out of the investigation.”
“Yes sir I will.”
Jacob turned and left Greg’s office and went up to Tammy’s room and met Dr. Deal again.
“Doctor, finally we meet I’m Jacob Matthews, I’m sorry that we meet each other under these conditions.”
“Mr. Matthews the pleasure is mine, and I agree I do wish we would have met under better conditions.”
“Two things Doc, first please call me Jacob, and the second have you found anything that gives us a clue as to why she did this.”
“So far nothing has been found no note or anything which in it’s self is a little odd, what few suicides that have been recorded in Lycan history have all left a note.”
“That is odd, anything else?”
“Not yet sir but I haven’t been up here long.”
“Ok Doc report to Mike Russell or Alan Smyth, I have taken this out of Greg Jackson’s hands. This falls under the control of the Academy and if Greg is needed then Mike or Alan will call him in.”
“Yes sir will do.”
Jacob left the dorm room and went to meet Mike and Alan in Mike’s office, Jacob knocked on the door and walked in. Both Mike and Alan rose and greeted Jacob.
“I want you both to know that all reports are coming to you two. I know that Greg was the first one here but this is your Academy and that’s where this all needs to stay. I see no reason to involve other departments in this matter. There is one thing you may want to consider and that is contact Mark Shuttle and bring him in he is a police officer and may be a lot of help in the investigation.”
“That is a good idea, Jacob and thanks for keeping it in the Academy. We will keep you informed every step of the way.”
“Please do I need to keep the High Council informed, and I need to go make the first calls to them now.”
Jacob left and headed back to his office in the Administrative building. When he walked in his secretary Sally handed him a handful of messages. Jacob thanked her and said “Sally I am going to be on the phone please do not let anyone disturb me and call Ben and have him come over here, I need to speak with him.”
“You got it Jacob.” Sally responded.
Jacob walked into his office and closed the door, he dug out a list of phone numbers and started calling all of the Sub-Alpha’s that made up the High Council. Jacob spent the next hour making the calls when Ben arrived and came into his office.
“Ben thanks for coming, I hate to burden you any more than I already do but I need you to keep a close eye on the pack. We have had a incident at the Academy that is going to take up a lot of my time for about a week.”
“That’s not a problem Jacob, you know you can count on me.”
“I know that’s why I don’t worry about anything in the pack when you are in charge.”
“That makes me feel good to hear you say that.”
“You have earned all the praise Ben, and this comes at a bad time for you trying to get Asheville ready for the winter season.”
“It will all work out.”
“Speaking of Asheville how are things looking?”
“We are fully booked starting the second week in October and stay that way until the end of March.”
“Great that is good to hear.”
“Jacob you look beat why don’t you get some rest, if anything develops I’ll call you I promise.”
“Actually I’m good it’s been a bit of a drain with the Federation starting, the incident in California and now this over at the Academy all in just a few short weeks, but I have been getting plenty of sleep.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yea Ben I’m sure.”
Ben sensed the tone in Jacob’s voice and he knew he was starting to push the limit and backed off and told Jacob he would be back later to tend to the evening pack business. Ben turned and left the Alpha’s office and went back to his home
CHAPTER TEN
Gail quickly climbed the stairs of Jacobs front porch and knocked on the door, Dawn answered and invited Gail into the house. “I am so sorry to bother you Dawn but is Jacob home? I must speak with him, it is a matter of life and death.”
“No Gail he is over at the Academy.”
“Oh no I cannot go there, the spirit will not let me, is there anyway we can get him to come here.”
“Let me call him.”
Dawn dialed the phone to Jacob’s office and asked his secretary if she could speak to Jacob. In just a few minutes “This is Jacob, may I help you?”
“Jacob this is Dawn, Gail is here and she says she needs to speak with you but the spirit will not let her come there, can you get away and come home to talk with her?”
“Sure, I’ll be there shortly.”
“Thanks Babe.” Dawn hung up the phone and looked at Gail and said, “Jacob will be here in a little bit.”
“Thank you Dawn, I normally wouldn’t ask but this is very important.”
“Can I get you something to eat or drink?”
“Hot tea if you have it.”
“Sure, it will take a minute to heat the water.”
“Thank you Dawn.”
Dawn looked back at Gail as she walked to the kitchen and thought she had never seen Gail so shook up. In just a couple of minutes Dawn returned and had a cup of hot water with a tea bag seeping. She handed the cup to Gail and she asked, “Is there anything I can do to help while we are waiting for Jacob?”
“Thank you but no, this is something Jacob must deal with.”
Jacob walked in the front door and said “Gail good to see you again. What can I do for you?”
“I’m sorry you had to come here and meet me but my spirit guide will not allow me to go to the Academy.”
“Why is that, Gail?”
“It has to do with the Lycan that died there today and the treaty with the Vampires.”
“What is it?”
“My spirit guide tells me that the female did not commit suicide Jacob, she was killed and she was killed by a vampire.”
“But how, there was no vampire there.
“My spirit guide does not know the answer to that but it is positive that a vampire killed the female. In addition to this it is also telling me if the treaty is finalized with the vampires there will be a war and many of our people will die, and the federation will fall.”
“I don’t understand Gail how are the two connected.”
“My guide tells me that a vampire killed the female for the purpose of getting you to rush into the treaty without reading all of the sections of it. They will use a clause they added that was not considered and the death of the vampire at the hands of Ben to go to war with the Lycans.”
“Thank you Gail, I will look much closer at all of this.”
“Be careful Jacob.”
“I will Gail and again thank you.”
Gail got up and left the house and walked back to her house and she sat down and called her spirit guide but it did not come. Gail lowered her head and prayed to her guide.
Jacob took in everything that Gail said and this all troubled him. Why would the vampires kill the female, What purpose would the vampires have in going to war and why put up the facade of peace. A lot of questions and no answers. Jacob picked up the phone and called Mark Shuttle and asked him to come to his house. It took Mark fifteen minutes to arrive at Jacob’s home.
“Mark thanks for coming, I want you to look into something for me.”
“Sure Jacob what is it?”
“Take a close look at Tammy’s death. I have received information that she was murdered, I was told she was killed by a vampire. I need you to prove or disprove it. And Mark a lot is riding on what you find.”
“I find out and I’ll get back to you.”
“Mark I need you to put a rush on this and keep it between you and me for now.”
“Understand Jacob not a word to anyone else and I get answers as fast as I can, I may bring in someone to help me identify if it was a vampire or not.”
“Who would that be?”
“Kelly Johnson, she has vampire blood she will be a very big asset.”
“Mark, use your own judgment but the fewer that know of this the better for now.”
 “I understand Jacob.”
“Thanks Mark, I’ll be waiting for your report.”
Mark left Jacobs house and went right over to the Academy and went right up to Tammy’s dorm room. A slow through examination of the room failed to show anything out of the ordinary. There was no doubt that he was going to need Kelly. Mark took out his cell phone and dialed Kelly’s number and when she answered Mark said, “Kelly, Mark Shuttle here, I need to speak with you can you come over to the Academy dorm building and meet me in Room 702.”
“Sure Mark I can be there in half an hour.”
“That’s great I’ll be waiting.”
Mark hung up and started to examine the contents of the room again and when he moved the desk over to pick up a piece of paper he spotted mouse droppings. Mark found that a little odd as there was no reason for mice to be in the buildings yet. The closest field was over two acres away and the buildings were less than six months old.
Mark was getting ready to bag the droppings for examination by Becky when Kelly knocked on the door and called out to Mark.
“Kelly glad you’re here, do me a favor and look over the room and tell me if you smell or sense something that is out of place.”
Kelly gave Mark a odd look but did as she was asked. She walked slowly around the room and when she came to the desk she stopped dead in her tracks. She looked to Mark and said, “Mark come here please.”
Mark walked back to the desk and said, Yes what is it.”
“What’s going on? Why has there been a vampire here?”
“A vampire? Are you sure?”
“Sure as I am standing here. In fact it is one of the three scents that was in the conference room that I picked up when I walked by.”
“Are you sure of that Kelly a lot is riding on this.”
“Mark what is going on?”
“What I am about to tell you stays between us. No one outside of this room except Jacob will know about what we find unless Jacob ok’s it. Understand?”
“Sure Mark, I understand.”
Mark told Kelly about the conversion that he had with Jacob and then told her about the mouse droppings he had found.
“Mark do you know that vampires are true shape shifters?
“True shape shifters? I thought that they could only change into bats.”
“No they can change in almost anything, changing into only a bat is myth.”
“That explains the mouse droppings, I plan on having Becky examine them and that should confirm what is going on in my mind right now.”
“What is this going to do to the treaty?”
“I don’t know but I would think it may be in trouble.”
“I know my brother was against it from the start, he was against it because of what they did to me.”
“Well if it was me and that happened to my sister I would be against it too.”
“I can really understand why, I didn’t ask to have done to me what they did.”
“I know and I understand, how about walking around the building from this floor up and see if you can get any idea about what went on.”
“Sure where can I find you when I’m done?”
“I’ll be on the first floor somewhere.”
OK I’ll find you.”
Kelly left the dorm room and headed down the hall and she took notes down the hall, she opened the door to the stairs and stopped and took down more notes. Kelly continued this process until she reached the roof. She had noticed that the only places she picked up the vampire scent was on the seventh floor and the stairs going up to the roof.
The scent of both Tammy and the vampire we not as strong on the roof but they were there. Kelly followed the scents right to the place where Tammy went over the side of the roof. Kelly took out her cell phone and took pictures of two sets of footprints at the edge of the roof. The set of Tammy’s prints came from the door the other set appeared right behind Tammy as if by magic. They did not follow Tammy to the edge of the roof and did not go away from the edge. They only way she knew that there were two sets of prints is when the ones that were behind Tammy slipped on the rock as if they were pushing something.
It dawned on Kelly that the second set of prints were from the vampire and that he pushed Tammy over the edge. Tammy did not jump. Kelly called Mark and asked him to come to the roof.
Mark arrived on the roof and walked to Kelly and said, “What do you have?”
“Look down here Mark, there are two sets of prints here, Tammy didn’t jump, she was pushed. You can tell by the second set of prints, whoever they belong to slipped a little telling me they pushed Tammy over the edge and because they didn’t follow her over here or they don’t go away I came to the conclusion that they belong to a vampire.”
“Good work Kelly, take some pictures and text them to me.”
“I took them already and I’ll send them now.”
“Thanks Kelly, come with me, we are going to Jacob’s.
Kelly and Mark went down the stairs and left the dorm building and drove to Jacob’s house. They walked to the door and knocked and Jacob answered and Mark said, “We have some news for you Jacob.”
Jacob looked at his watch and noticed it had only been four hours since Mark had left, “Already, you two are good.”
“You’re not going to like what we found.”
“Why what do you have.”
“Kelly tell Jacob what you found.”
“When I entered the dorm building I passed through the main building and passed the conference room and I picked up the scent of three vampires, I went up to Tammy’s dorm room and I picked up the scent of a vampire and it was one of the three that were in the conference room.”
“Are you sure about that?”
“I’m positive Jacob one of the vampires in that room pushed Tammy off of the roof. I bet my life on it.”
“Shit” was all that Jacob could say.
*****
“Robert I have a task of the most importance for you.” Said his father William.
“Whatever you need father your wish is my command.”
“What I am going to have you do, you will speak to no except me and that includes your sister do you understand this.”
“Yes father, I completely understand.”
“I want you to use your shape shifting ability to go into the Lycan compound, I want you to find a weak Lycan that you can control and I want you to have the Lycan jump off of one of their precious Academy buildings. Make sure there is nothing or no one that can point this back at us.”
“I will take extreme care father.”
“Then go my son.”
Robert arrived at the Lycan Academy and scouted out the area, he made note that the pack territory was alongside the Academy grounds and he would stay clear of it. Roberts first order of business would be to get a layout of the Academy taking note of all of the staff areas which he would stay away from.
He found the dorm area and he slowly started to move around in the shape of a mouse. He covered each floor and he made a mental note of the weakest mind he found on each floor. The process took three days to complete the entire dorm. Richard made a second pass of each floor and with one exception the weak minds remained the same. 
The female Lycan on the seventh floor had the weakest mind and Robert could sense that she had recently gone thru some kind of an ordeal but he could not make out what it was. Robert shifted to his human form and Tammy was startled by his sudden appearance.
“Who are you?”
“I am the one to help put you out of your misery.”
“How?”
“Just look deep into my eyes and believe that I will help you.”
Tammy could feel herself losing grip of her control and she could sense that all would soon be well if she followed what this man had to say. Tammy could feel that she was going to be better, but she also had an uneasy feeling about all of this. Robert exerted a stronger sense of his mind control and soon Tammy was totally his and she would do whatever he wanted her to do.
“My dear I want you to go to the roof of this building and wait for me, do you understand?”
Tammy nodded her head and she walked out of her dorm room and up the stairs to the roof. Once on the roof she waited for Robert to arrive. Robert followed Tammy up the stairs in the form of a mouse and once on the roof he waited before reappearing to see if Tammy was in fact under his control. Once satisfied he reappeared and quickly found a coil of rope that someone had left on the roof. 
He instructed Tammy to tie one end of the rope to a pole that was on the roof and then to tie the other end around her neck. Tammy did as instructed and once Robert checked the knots he instructed Tammy to walk to the edge of the building and climb onto the low wall surrounding the edge of the roof.
Tammy complied with Robert’s instructions and climbed onto the edge, once there Tammy stood and looked out over the Academy grounds and the hold Robert started to weaken and Tammy said, “What am I doing here?”
“Jump and all will be ok.”
“No I won’t jump, it’s not right.”
Robert walked closer to Tammy and pushed her from behind and when he did he slipped on the loose stones on the roof. The force from Roberts push was enough to cause Tammy to go over the edge of the roof and the rope snapped tight. Robert changed into his bat form and quickly flew home. Robert walked into his home and right up to his father.
“Father it was even easier then you said it would be, I was in the dorm building and I was able to identify a weak Lycan within just a matter of hours. I was able to get her to look right at me and I was able to make her obey me. I made her go to the roof and she wouldn’t jump so I helped her.”
“Very good my son, you will never speak of this again Robert not even with your sister.”
“Yes father I understand.”
“Now once we have the treaty changes ratified we can have the Lycans deliver the one that killed your cousin. With the death of their female they will never notice the small change that will allow us to have our revenge and the Lycans will never know it.”
“It will be grand, father having the Lycans under our control again.”
“And this time they will not get out of it.”
Then King William’s cell phone rang and the William looked at the digital readout and saw it was Jacob. “Speak of the devil, it is the Alpha.”
“Probably to inform you of the death.”
“Hello this is William, may I help you?”
“William Jacob Matthews here, I want to let you know that we have had a death at our new Academy.”
“Why Jacob I am so sorry.”
“Well that’s not all it seems as though a vampire was involved and it has turned out to be murder and not a suicide. My Shaman came to me to warn me that it was not suicide and my half vampire half Lycan picked up the scent of a vampire and it was one of the three in the conference room. Not the only vampires that have been in that room are you, your son and daughter.” Because of this I am suspending the next meeting until a full investigation is completed and that means no vote on the treaty changes.”
“Why Mr. Matthews are you saying and accusing us that one of us killed someone at your compound?”
“No sir I am not accusing you I am telling you that.”
“Now that could be taken as an act of war.”
“Why I have not said anything about war I said we are continuing to investigate.”
“I will question my two children and see what they can tell me.”
“Thank you sir.” And Jacob hung up his phone.
“Robert you idiot, they have a Shaman and they warned Matthews and their investigation has found your scent in the dorm and on the roof.”
“No one at the Academy knew anything about a Shaman.”
“Did you check out the pack?”
“No sir I did not.”
“Fool they have a very powerful Shaman and she has sensed you.”
“Well father I will just have to make sure the Shaman has an accident as well.”
“No I want you to go to the home land and stay there until I send for you.”
“Yes father I will go right away.”
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Jacob stood and started to pace back and forth in his office, the information that Mark and Kelly had just given him was very disturbing. He wanted this treaty with the vampire nation and he had blinded himself to the fact that there might have been a ulterior motive by the king.
He knew nothing about the Grant’s but he would find out everything he could over the next couple of days. Jacob  walked out to his living room and called Mark to come back into his office, Mark turned and walked back into Jacob’s office.
“Mark, I need you to find out everything you can about the Grant family, use every source you have and spare no cost. I need the information as soon as I can get it but in any case I have to have it in ten days.”
“I’ll do what I can do, I’m not sure what I’ll be able to find, I will most likely have to go back to their home land and do some digging there. I’m betting there isn’t a lot of information on them here.”
“Whatever it takes Mark just get me the information.”
“I’ll get started right away.”
Mark got up and left and went right home and told Martha what he had just been tasked with and he would need her to run the Grant family history here at home and that he needed the information right away. Mark also told her he would be flying to Romania to do background on them in their home land.
Mark woke early the next morning and made the two hour drive into Charlotte and caught the first flight with connections to Romania and he landed in Bucharest at nine that evening. He was going to be really pressed for time as he would only have a week here in Romania to find any information on the Grant family at all.
Mark knew the first problem he would face is that Grant most likely would not be the families real name. He hoped that Martha would have that from her research. Mark opened his cell phone and called her.
“Martha its Mark have you had any luck on the Grant’s?”
“Actually I have found a lot on them in the Lycan data base, it seems that there has been a lot of friction between the Grant’s and the Lycans, the family arrived here in seventeen fifty from Romania. The original family name was Granu and they were ran out of Romania for being vampires. The people were going to kill the entire family. William Grant became King when his father was killed by a Lycan in a battle in eighteen ten. Also the vampire that was killed by Ben, Montgomery Templeton was related to them.”
“Oh that is not good news well let me go and I will see what I can find here.”
“Ok honey you be careful over there.”
Mark suddenly picked up the sense of another Lycan and he slowly scanned the area and he spotted a middle aged man watching him closely. Mark figured he had nothing to lose and he walked over to the man.
“Sir I am not here to invade your territory, I am from the federation and I am seeking information on a vampire family named the Grant they are from Romania and their original name was Granu.”
“We were aware you would be arriving my Alpha has sent me to help you in any way I can.”
“Thank you sir, My name is Mark.”
“Nice to meet Mark I am called oh just call me Brian my real name is hard to pronounce.”
“Ok will do Brian it is. Your English is excellent Brian.”
“I grew up in the states and I moved back here almost five years ago.”
“That sure explains it.”
“First we will go back to my pack we have a large file on the family, there have been many battles between them and our pack.”
“Thank you Brian, that will be a big help.”
“Come my pack is not far from here just outside of Bucharest.”
Mark and Brian climbed into the small car that Brian was driving and they made the short drive to the packs territory and when they arrived Brian took Mark to meet his Alpha.
“Mark this is Natal he is our Alpha.”
“A pleasure to meet you sir.”
The two Lycans shook hands and Natal spoke in his native tongue and Brian interpreted for Mark.
 “Natal wants to know what is it about the Grant family that would cause the federation to send someone here to Romania?”
“There was a murder at the Academy and we believe that one of Grant’s family was behind it and it may cause a war with the vampires.”
Brian repeated what Mark had said and Natal spoke again and Brian said. “I bet that it was the weasel son Robert, he always does his father’s dirty work. Tell us where you will fight the vampires and we will send all the Lycans we can.”
“Thank you sir now I better get to work.”
After Brian repeated what Mark had said Natal handed Mark a large folder and on the cover was printed the names Granu and Grant.
Mark accepted the folder just as a young man ran into the room and yelled “Father” Everyone looked to the young Lycan and he stopped dead in his tracks and said, “Mr. Shuttle what are you doing here?”
“I’m here to find out all the information I can about a vampire family.”
“Wow, father may I work with Mr. Shuttle?”
Natal spoke in his language and asked his son how he knew Mark and his son informed him that he had taught a class on investigating while he was at the Academy.
“Jamal I was not aware that you were from here.” Mark said.
“Yes sir Natal is my father.”
Jamal turned to his father and spoke to him and his father frowned, Natal spoke again and Brian told Mark that Robert Grant has returned to his home in Bucharest.
“If what Natal says is correct I need to get him back home in the states.”
Brian explained to Natal what Mark had just said and he then looked at Mark and said in broken english “Three days time he will be there.”
“Thank you all for your time Brian can you take me back into town so I can get a hotel.”
“No you will stay in our guest house here.”
“I don’t want to put you out I can stay at a hotel.”
“No we insist that you stay here.”
“Thank you very much.”
Brian escorted Mark to the guest house and told him breakfast would be at eight in the morning. Mark settled in and sat in the oversized chair and opened the file that Natal had provided and he started to read each page in the file. Mark had read the file for the last three hours and when he checked his watch he was surprised to see it was just past one in the morning.
Mark set the file aside and took a shower then crawled into bed. He had set the alarm on his watch earlier to make sure he made breakfast. His alarm started going off at seven in the morning and by the time he got up it was almost quarter to eight. Mark quickly freshened up and he made his way back to the Natal’s house and knocked right at eight. Natal answered and invited Mark in and the two of them walked to the dining room table. Coffee was poured and the food was delivered and Mark was amazed at the amount of food that was brought to the table.
Mark said, “Wow you know how to put on a meal, I never have this much food at my home unless I am at Jacob’s house.”
“Jacob Matthews the Alpha of the federation?” Natal asked.
“Yes he is also the Alpha of my pack.”
“So you know him personally?”
“Yes I do, I am also one of the pack Beta’s.”
“You should have said so last night we would have put a feast on for you.”
“Natal this is a feast.”
“I am honored to have you here sir.”
“I am honored to be here with you sir.”
“Natal was a little shocked at the respect that Mark was giving him, he felt that with Mark being so close to the Great Jacob Matthews he should have been more respectful to him and he said as much.
“Natal let me tell you, Jacob is a very humble Alpha but don’t be fooled by that he is a perfect Alpha. He rules better than most any other Alpha I have ever met before.”
“It has shown by his starting the federation and all the packs from around the world joining, it is a great thing he has done in uniting the Lycan world again.”
Now let me say the file you have provided me on the Grant family is more than I could have ever hoped to find while I was here. You have saved me a lot of work, can you tell me where I can make a copy of the file.”
“That file is yours we already made a copy of it for you, take it with you.”
“Thank you so much.”
“It is our pleasure to help you.”
“Brian can you take me back to the airport, I believe I will fly home today. I also want to that you for all the translation you did so I could understand what your father said.”
“It has been my pleasure.”
Brian drove Mark to the Bucharest airport and Mark thanked him again and he went to the desk for his airline and made arrangements for a flight home. The trip home would take longer as he would be making more stops in order to leave as soon as possible.
Mark arrived back in Charlotte close to three in the afternoon the day after he left Bucharest and he got his car from the long term parking lot and drove home. When he arrived he went to his house first and greeted Martha then the two of them went to Jacob’s house.
Jacob answered the door and invited Mark and Martha into the house, Mark handed him the folder that contained the information that the pack in Romania had given him and Martha handed him the information that she had found.
“Wow this is pretty detailed information, excellent work you two.”
“Thanks Jacob, there is a lot of reading there.”
Jacob walked into his office as Mark and Martha left and Jacob settled into his office chair and opened the file that Mark had given him. Jacob continued to read the file until well after two in the morning and realized he was way past tired. He put a marker on the page he had just finished and closed the file. He turned the light out in his office and walked up the stairs to his bedroom. He went in and undressed and walked into the bathroom and took a shower.
When he finished his shower he walked into the bedroom and crawled into bed. Dawn rolled over and snuggled into Jacobs arms and she let out a small groan. Jacob pulled her even closer and he let out a small growl and Dawn put her hand across Jacobs muscular chest and he fingers started to draw her name on his chest.
Jacob could feel his manhood start to grow and he slowly guided her had to his pole. Dawn started to move her hand up and down Jacobs manhood and he let out a growl from deep in his throat.
Jacobs hands started roaming her body through the red silk of her nightclothes. They were her favorite ones because of the way they felt on her smooth skin
"Take this off for me," Dawn said between kisses.
Her wish was his command. Jacob slowly unbuttoned her top unveiling her sugar sweet smooth skin to his dark, masculine gaze.
He stopped kissing her when both her breasts were bared before him. "Beautiful," he whispered as he touched them. Dawn enjoyed his fascination as he fondled them before placing his mouth over one.
He suckled it and Dawn was in heaven. Her body arched into his mouth's heat. He tugged at her nipple with his lips, eliciting a needy groan from her. He grazed it with his teeth just right, sending a wonderful pleasure-pain through her before suckling it again, and then moving to her other breast.
Desire built up deep in her stomach and swiftly took over the area between her thighs. She could feel her clit pulsing with the stimulation that was coming from her breasts. Her vagina was turning liquid with lust. However the lower half of her body, though excited, was still clothed.
He pulled at the drawstring of her pants and drew them down partially over her hips. Just enough to get his hand inside.
She liked the feel of his hand against her wet pussy. It was big and strong and slightly rough, the opposite of the smoothness and slickness of her folds. She continued to cream as he found that spot right above her sensitive clit that sent little shock bursts through her as though she'd been plugged into a live socket.
Dawn almost came as he touched her there, but he knew her. He knew just when to slow down and draw out her pleasure and direct her focus somewhere else. He pushed two fingers deep into her vagina right down to his knuckles. He dived deep into her juices over and over again.
He was making her crazy. Her body twisted from side to side as he fucked her with his fingers. Beads of sweat broke out all over her skin. She panted as she felt the pressure inside grow to monstrous proportions, fast taking her from crazy to insane. 
All Dawn could think of was having his hard dick inside of her. She loved his fingers but she wanted his dick. Nothing else mattered in that moment.
"Fuck me," she told him breathlessly. "Right now," she said. "Fuck me."
All this time his mouth had been ravishing her tits and he continued to do so even as he jerked her pants completely off her legs. Her lover spread her hot thighs wide open briefly exposing the flesh of her cunt to the touch of cool air. But he quickly replaced the cold empty space with his warm body, his length poised at her entrance.
"Yes." she groaned. "Put it in me…fuck me now."
Jacob slowly slid his massive cock into Dawn with long slow strokes, Dawn arched her back and moved her hips back and forth matching Jacobs strokes. Jacob pushed into Dawn faster and harder until they both came together. When they finished they lay together in each other’s arms and Jacob said, “Babe that what just what I needed, it has cleared my mind and I now know what I have to do.” Jacob then got out of bed and headed for the shower, Dawn joined him in the shower.
Impulsively, Dawn stood on her toes to kiss him. He was so incredibly gigantic she thought as her lips met his, but their bodies seemed to like each other anyhow and fit together seamlessly.
Jacob was surprised at her initiative but he accepted it. He met the gentle thrust of her tongue and matched it with his own, returning the kiss she gave him. Wanting more, he deepened it, pulling her more closely into his frame and exploring her mouth hungrily with his own.
The contact made her tingle all over and she shuddered. It seemed impossible but he pulled her even closer, holding the back her head with one large hand while the other went to her ass and pulled her against him. His body wasn't the only thing that was huge. She gasped at the feel and heat of his erection through their clothes. She wanted more of that heat. She wanted it right now.
Jacob wanted more of her too. He wanted to feel her heat wrapped around his. Her nipples pressed through her clothes into his chest as he held her and it was an exquisite torture. Her skin was so soft and she smelled so good. Their shared dreams gave him the distinctive memory of how it would feel to be welcomed inside her body again. The temptation to make love to her now was great. They repeated the event from the bed there in the shower.
When they finished Jacob kissed Dawn and said, “Babe I have some phone calls to make. You just crawl back into bed.”
“Like hell I will your going to need some coffee and both of us need some breakfast.”
Both of them dressed and they went down stairs and Dawn went to the kitchen and Jacob went to his office.
Jacob picked up his phone and he called Ben, Mark, Alan, Scott, Tim and Mike and asked them to come to his office right away. It took just over an hour for the Beta’s and the top officials from the Academy to arrive at Jacobs. The group all brought their mates and pups. The females put the pups back to bed with Dawn and Jacobs pups and then they returned to the kitchen and helped Dawn prepare a large breakfast
The men all went into Jacobs office and when the last one came in Jacob said “Close the door.”
“What’s going on Jacob it has be something big for you to call all of us here at four in the morning.”
“I want the Academy and the pack to prepare for a war, When I am finished with what I am going to do later today the entire Federation will be at war with the vampire nation and it will not be pretty.”
“Are you sure about this Jacob.”
“Mark will fill you in on all the details and yes I am very sure about this.”
There was a knock at Jacobs door and Dawn opened it just far enough to stick her head in and tell the males that breakfast was on the table.
“Gentlemen lets go eat.” Jacob said.
The males all sat at the table and when they dug into the food Mark explained what had transpired with the Grant family and what he and Martha had found out about the family. When Mark had finished Jacob took over again.
“I am going to call all the sub-alphas on the council and inform them on what had happened at the Academy and about the information that he now held about the Grant family. I am then going to tell them to prepare their packs for war. The final bit of information I am going to give them is that I will be going to the Grants home where I am going to kill King William and Prince Robert.”
“Jacob, I want to go with you.” Ben said.
“No, I will do this by myself. Should I not make it back then you all know what will need to be done, Ben I expect you to become the new Alpha but let me say this, I fully expect to come back.”
“Somehow I believe you will.” Alan said.
*****
“Robert returned to his home in Asheville and rushed right to his fathers bedroom, and said, “Father you are alright.”
“Of course I am and what in world are you doing here I sent you back to the homeland.”
I received a message that you had taken ill and were not expected to live.”
“You idiot someone wants you back here and you fell for it.”
“But father the message came from our staff, not one of them would work for someone else.”
“Well it looks like one of them has.”
“I will find out who when I return and they shall pay the price for becoming a traitor to our family.”
The door bell rang and the servant answered the door and it was Jacob at the door. “I’m Jacob Matthews and I wish to speak with Mr. Grant please.”
Jacob was escorted to the study where he waited for William Grant, Fifteen minutes passed when William and Robert Grant entered the study. One look at Jacob told William that something was bothering Matthews.
“Why Mr. Matthews a pleasant surprise to have you here.” Grant said.
“Not really Grant, I’m here about the item we spoke about on the phone.”
“Which item would that be?” 
“You know very well sir, a student was murdered at the Federation Academy, we scented a vampire and we know it was one of you party that was at the Academy to discuss the future of the Treaty between your people and mine, I strongly suspect that it was your son but I will know in a short while.”
“Mr. Matthews are you accusing my people, more importantly a member of my family of killing your student? Grant said turning very cold.
“That is exactly what I am saying.” Jacob replied preparing for an attack from Grant.
“You know that this could lead to war between the Lycan world and the vampire world and many of yours would be killed.”
“Don’t fool yourself Grant we are well prepared for a possible war with the vampires.”
Grant looked at Jacob and he decided that he would take out the Alpha of the Federation here and now and defeat the Lycans in one swift move.
Jacob could see the hatred in Grants eyes and watched every muscle in his body tighten for an attack. Just as Grant sprang at Jacob he shifted to his wolf form who had been urging Jacob to let him loose at the vampire. As Grant closed the distance on Jacob he was shocked at how fast the Lycan had shifted to his wolf form and he knew in human form he would be no match for the Lycan.
Grant realized it was too late for him to shift into anything and he readied himself for the impact that his body would make with the huge wolf in front of him. Jacob sidestepped the charge of Grant and as Grant passed him, Jacob brought his huge claws down across the neck of Grant and tore half of his neck away.
Grant hit the floor in a heap and lay there at the mercy of Jacob and he started to move in to finish off the vampire king, Jacob took deliberate steps towards when suddenly he felt the presence of Robert closing in on him. Robert leaped at Jacob and screamed “I’ll kill you, you bastard.”
Jacob spun just as Robert slammed into him knocking both of them to the floor. In Roberts haste to attack he forgot that Jacob was in wolf form and as he tried to move to grab Jacob, Jacob’s huge fangs grabbed hold of Roberts throat and Jacob squeezed down hard and he felt the rush of the vampires blood fill his mouth. Jacob shook his head back and forth so hard and he kept on digging his teeth deeper and deeper into Roberts neck that it was just a short time that Roberts head flew from its body. Jacob let go of the corpse that was Robert and turned his attention back to William, Jacob shifted back to his human form and said, “Grant you have been a pain in the ass to Lycans all over the world for way too many years you will no longer be around to bother us and you have no living son anymore so your family reign ends.” Jacob reached behind him and pulled a large hunting knife and cut the head off of William Grant.
Jacob walked to the bedroom and took a pillow cases off of the pillows, he walked back into the study and picked up Williams head and put it into one of the pillow cases and he did the same with Roberts head for the second pillow case. He then walked out of the house to his car and put the pillow cases into the trunk, got into his car and drove back home to Reidsville.
Jacob arrived at home and he took the heads of the two vampires up to the mine and he retrieved a shovel next he walked to one of the caves down from the mine and he dug a hole almost four feet deep and he tossed in the head of William and he filled the hole back in covering the head under four feet of dirt. Jacob moved to another cave and repeated the process with Roberts head, with Jacob being the only one knowing the location of the two heads there would be no chance of reuniting the heads with bodies there for the two vampires would remain dead forever.
Jacob returned to his house and Dawn just looked at Jacob as he climbed the stairs to his bedroom where he stripped out of his clothes and took a long hot shower. Once finished with the shower he redressed in clean clothes and took the blood stained clothes and carried them out to the back and he tossed them in his fire pit and poured some lighter fluid on the clothes and set them on fire.
Jacob watched the clothes burn for a short while then he walked back into his house and walked up to Dawn and said, “This is going to be another New Beginning, we are going to be going to war with the vampire nation.”
“My God Jacob what have you done?”
