







THE APPRENTICE'S PATH
Books by Stacey Keystone:
Alchemist series:
1. THE APPRENTICE'S PATH
2. ALCHEMICAL MAGIC

Marn Magical Academy series:
1. THE GHOST SCHOOL
2. THE GHOST BRIDE

Subscribe to Stacey's newsletter to get news of all her latest books:

https://staceykeystone.com/subscribe/








THE APPRENTICE'S PATH

Stacey Keystone
Copyright © 2020 Stacey Keystone
All rights reserved. The use of any part of this publication reproduced, transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, or stored in a retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the publisher is an infringement of the copyright law.
ISBN: 978-1-83988-000-1 (paperbook)
ISBN: 978-1-83988-001-8 (hardcover)
ISBN: 978-1-83988-003-2 (large print)
eISBN: 978-1-83988-002-5
Published by Ellauri Press 2020













Part I
Chapter 1

The crisp, starched shirt felt stiff, and the collar itchy. Ironing it had been a chore this morning, with the flicker of a candle as the only source of light. I had to spray the shirt with potato starch and cover it with a cloth to protect its not so pristine white color. The charcoal fire I lit in the iron burnt too hot at first, and the sharp pain in my wrist was but a reminder of that.
The audible crackling of wood was strong in the fireplace, filling the office with a red light noticeable in the middle of the day due to the dark shadow of the cloudy sky. I could taste the faint particles of smoke in the air, and feel the dusty, thick air. Nobody had aired the office in a while, probably to avoid losing heat. Or maybe they couldn't open the windows; some buildings are more akin to jails than houses.
The interviewer, a middle-aged woman dressed old-fashionably in a blazer with shoulder pads over her button-up shirt, wasn't very impressed with the efforts I made. Such things are expected, and nothing to be praised for when looking for a job. 
"So, Miss Bedwen," she looked at me over my CV, which she had picked from the pile in front of her. The pile was big, as many students were looking for internships. "I see you won the Floyd scholarship, and your grades are great, which is quite impressive, but you don't seem to have much practical experience."
"Depends on what you consider practical. I have quite a lot of experience in the repair of mining equipment."
"Practical experience in designing alchemical devices. We are a design firm, not a repair shop." She seemed to say it with contempt. White-collar hate towards blue-collar work, I guess.
"If you don't count the many alchemical competitions I took part in, including the Floyd Trust Competition." I redesigned a piece of machinery that kept breaking down so it would last longer, "as practical experience, that is. Or do you only consider working a desk job as alchemy experience?" Yes, maybe I was too confrontational, but it's not like this bitch wasn't aware of why I didn't have a job in an alchemical firm on my resume in the first place.
"And that is fairly impressive, Miss Bedwen. But in our firm, we like team players able to collaborate and follow the leadership…"
Be yes-men who don't show any initiative, that is.
"… and you seem to have an affinity for solo work."
That is, I am a dark arall. This has probably been the combination of most of the clichés I've heard so far. "We like team players", "We prioritize a friendly workplace over achievement" (that's a lie, nobody's that stupid), "Experience in collaboration and teamwork is paramount to us", etc. I've heard most of them. Despite the end of the Inquisition fifty years ago, and the equalizing of rights of all magical and non-magical people, it is still quite difficult for dark arall folk to find a job. We are very competitive, aggressive, and vindictive. Employers avoid hiring people who are too assertive, and dark arall tend to be very independent-minded.
"Despite appearances," it's illegal to discriminate against people for their magical status. I wanted to remind her of that, without becoming an affirmative action hire. That would destroy my carefully crafted reputation as a capable alchemist, and I would become the butt of all jokes. "I work well with others. Our team won an inter-university alchemical competition," for which I did most of the work myself, but let's not mention that, "and we were even featured in Alchemist's Review."
I breathed deeply, trying to calm myself. The dusty air tingled my nose, and the itch to sneeze was almost unbearable. This would not work. I stopped the breathing exercise. It was absolutely pointless. This whole meeting was absolutely pointless.
The interviewer lady — I think she introduced herself, but I didn't pay much attention. No point in trying to remember now, since I wasn't going to get a job, anyway. She stared at me, trying to see if the fuse was about to blow. I would never give her that satisfaction.
"I hope you have seen my capabilities, and a fair decision will be made, following all the articles of the Labor Law," especially the anti-discrimination article, "and make a fair decision. I will await your call; it seems our time is over. I will escort myself out." 
No point in wasting any more time on this. 
#
I left the dreary old building behind me, without stopping to put on the coat before exiting. As I fumbled to put on a heavy coat, wrap a thick woolen scarf around my neck, and put on my oilskin fedora (very sensible, protects from the rain), and a pair of woolen gloves. One of the gloves fell down.
"Fuck."
It didn't fall into a pool, and the floor was icy. I adjusted all my clothes and put on the glove. The boulevard was empty. The trees were an amalgamation of green, yellow and reddish colors with brown hues. The usually annoyingly chirpy birds had fallen quiet, preparing to migrate, and flies and mosquitoes were busily reproducing to be reborn next year. I love autumn here in Ashford.
The trains go from the sleepy summer schedules to the usual, busier ones. The city, which empties every summer, fills up with students again. Drinking and fights return to the pubs and the night streets around the student area. Police lose the pounds they gain during the summer by having to patrol during the cold, dark nights under the rotten eggs smell of gas lamps. Criminals come back, from whatever they were doing in the summer, to scamming naïve freshers, pick-pocketing in the busy crowds, and robbing drunkards on the streets. Meat markets will soon be full of freshly killed livestock, fattened up during the summer, and students will eat a year's worth of meat in a few barbecues, to then go back to eating plates of potatoes and oatmeal. This is also the time when the scholarship loans get paid, so all debts get paid off, and everybody is the most generous.
And despite all this, I was in a terrible mood. This interview was not the first, nor the second. It was the forty-first, the last one, in the smallest, most insignificant company in this small city. And even they wouldn't hire me. I couldn't really do much about it; I had already done everything I could, and that wasn't enough.
I was in my fourth year of studies in Alchemy. Experience was going to be critical for me to get a job after I finished, and I could not get any. I also hoped to get a paid job, because otherwise I would have to resort to becoming a bouncer or a waitress. Wasting my time for three shillings an hour is not the best use of my time, considering that a proper alchemist earns at least three crowns — ten times that. The Floyd scholarship paid for tuition and the dorm — but I would have to work that back. So, if I could find a job that would not just pay for the food, but also allow me some savings — that would be nice.
So I needed a job that would provide me with some experience in practical alchemy, and some money. Maybe I could go work at the coach station? After I helped them fix a car, they were keen on hiring me. On the other hand, I escaped Crow Hill to avoid working at my father's machine and repair shop, because I wanted to do new things. I wanted to go out, and maybe have a beer, so I headed to the dorms to change.
#
I arrived at the dorms and changed into more comfortable attire (but kept the fedora; it's my favorite). Also made a salami sandwich to avoid paying for pub food (universally terrible, and sometimes provoked food poisoning). Munching the sandwich, a few crowns in my pocket, I left all the valuables in the safe and headed out. It was time to blow off some steam.
The pub I went to was one of the decent ones. Families dined there during the day, although you wouldn't see anybody respectable this late in the afternoon. The floor was still clean, without the sticky gloss it would acquire by the end of the night. The beer here was decent, cool and not watered down. It was also more expensive than in other places. I usually didn’t mind if my beer tasted like piss, but I came to see Joe tonight, and he hung out in fancier places (at the beginning of the night, at least; by the end of the evening, he would not mind what he drank). I elbowed my way to the bar, making my way through sweaty and smelly men. Some of them got annoyed at first, but when they saw me, they went back to minding their own business.
At the bar, I ordered a pint, and after the barman poured me one, ahead of everybody else, I paid the half-shilling it cost. I took a sip of the overflowing glass and looked around. Joe should be somewhere here. After I went around the tables, stepping on some toes and maneuvering between the tables, he saw me first, probably because of the field of annoyed stares that surrounded me.
"Hey, Dan! Come here." He was sitting alone. This was rare for him, as he tended to be surrounded by friends, and many women. He probably waited for me, as he knew this was my last interview.
I sat down in front of him, after taking the chair from a guy who headed towards the bar. His friends tried to stop me, but I looked at them and they shut up. The chair was still warm. It was nice.
"So, how did it go?" — Joe asked. He was used to my lack of manners.
"It was awful. The same cowardly excuses I always get."
Somebody from the next table heckled me obscenely. There weren't that many women in the bar, so I guess he was desperate. I gave them the finger. After some hooting, they didn't take it further. I was more a man than a woman to them, anyway. 
"You show remarkable restraint," Joe commented. "If somebody made such lurid comments about me, I would be furious."
"Would that be just because of the comment, or because they'd be implying you're gay? Men get incredibly insecure when their sexual orientation gets questioned. In my case, I don't like it, but not enough to beat them. It hasn't been easy maintaining a clean police record."
Joe seemed surprised at the last comment. For a dark arall to have a clean police record was quite rare, as my peers tended to get into fights. It's not that I never fought, to be clear; the trick was never getting caught, and not destroying any property. Choosing people who wouldn't go to the police if beaten by a woman was very important in not getting caught.
"Are you saying you have a clean record? Wow, I never thought that would be possible. That opens some interesting possibilities."
"What do you mean?" The only reason I cared about the police record was my father's desire not to get any attention. Although his marriage to mother and his long residency in Kalmar allowed him to gain citizenship, he still didn't like to get on the authorities' radar. A bit absurd for one of the most prominent men in our town, but it was probably because of his Yllamese origins. He tended to be very skeptical of law enforcement, which is why he studied the law (and made me read it).
"Well, I saw this advert recently. I didn't think about you, because it said you'd need to have a clean record, but…" he paused, as if unsure he should continue.
"What, what did you see?"
"Well, I saw that the army was offering alchemy jobs for students. They're doing a collaboration with the University. It's a pilot project, the first time they're doing it."
"Where did you see that? When did it appear?" Joe had this uncanny ability for learning about everything, before everybody.
"It appeared on the student board a week or so ago."
"Ah." The student board! The corkboard in the Main Hall was so full of adverts, pasted one on top of each other, that reading anything from it was almost impossible. People posted everything there: love confessions, poems, offers of puppies and kittens (how did they keep them in dorms, when they were banned?), and adverts for all kinds of things. Nothing serious ever got posted there, so I tended to ignore it. I would have to check it out. 
"Thanks for the tip. I'll check it out. How are you, by the way?"
I took another sip of beer. Was my life going to get better?
#
When I went to the Main Hall to check the announcement board, it was the mess it usually was. It took me a while to find it, and I had to remove a ton of stupid love messages, advertisements, and pictures of male genitals. Finally, I found it. It was small, written on a typewriter. 

Looking for fourth- and fifth-year alchemists for training in repair and logistics. Must have clean record. Bring CV, grades and records to office G22 in Old Alchemy building.

The advert was small. I'd be surprised if they got many applicants, but that may mean I will get a shot.
In the G22 office, I met a smiling secretary who collected the documents, made me fill a form, and promised to call me in a week. We'll see.

Chapter 2

After I brought the documents to that office, I got nothing for an entire week. Lectures had already started, so I just focused on managing my schedule, with all the labs, seminars, and lectures we had. This year, maybe to give some jobs to the people in the Interpersonal and Intercultural Relations Department, or maybe to annoy us, they changed credit requirements and demanded we get a course in the IAIRD by making it mandatory. 
That was bad news. The IAIRD was the place where almost all the empaths were. It's not like dark arall hate light arall, anymore, after the Reformation; we just dislike and avoid each other. Their magic is much finer than ours, more related to the living, whereas dark magic works better on inanimate objects. Hence the modern euphemism Practical Magic. Light mages can get echoes of other people's feelings (though thankfully not their thoughts), and they can manipulate living organisms. The only practical uses of their magic that weren't ethically questionable were their plant and animal breeding program (although there were still huge debates over whether it was OK to modify spiders so they wove their nets to death), and Healing. Healing requires a very strong soul, to not go crazy with all the pain and suffering they feel the patients go through. Healers were actually the only tolerable light arall, with their dark humor and cynicism. But the only thing more risible than a dark arall empath was a dark arall Healer, so I had to choose something else.
Since empathy is not my thing, and I wasn't interested enough in ancient cultures (who cares what a bunch of primitives did? Modern technology is so much more interesting!) nor foreign languages (my father forced me to learn classic Yllamese, my ancestor's language; there were no alchemy books written in classic Yllamese — none at all!), I decided to take a course called Kalmar Republic's Law. Knowing the law is useful — especially if you want to break it.
#
Monday morning, the classroom was busy and noisy. I had come exactly on time, but it seems that was a mistake. The lecture hall was packed. I found just one spot — in the middle of a row, with a rucksack on it. Most people would not bother everybody in the row just to sit, but I wasn't that nice. So I maneuvered across the feet, bags, and tables on the row. When I reached that spot, I lifted an eyebrow. The girl sitting by the rucksack glanced at me, and silently removed the bag. That's right — nobody leaves me standing! I sat down and took out a notebook and a refillable ink pen. Great invention — don't have to carry an inkstand with me.
The class went with the usual conversations before the professor entered, confidently walking in, right on time. He was dressed in a suit, a very formal attire for a light arall, as they usually like to dress rather informally. He looked kind of familiar — which was strange, considering I had never seen him before.
"Good morning. I'm sure you're aware that this course is very full, so I want to make sure that everybody who signed up is here. Wouldn't want to keep a spot for somebody who isn't interested enough to come. I will now call out your names, and you should lift your hand."
The class groaned. This was highly unusual. The lecture hall was full, and it could fit a hundred students. Was he really going to call out all the names on the list?
Apparently, he was.
I started to absentmindedly draw a sketch of the professor. Drawing people helped me understand them since I had great difficulties reading people. I sketched his face, copied his stern, serious expression. The way he stood, with his back straight, one foot on a sharp angle from another. There was something on the back of my brain telling me I had seen it all somewhere…
"Miss Bedwen. Is Miss Bedwen not here?"
I stood up, notebook still in my hand, and looked at the stand.
"Here."
"Next time, Miss Bedwen, make sure to pay attention. Don't make me call you twice." He seemed annoyed, and he licked his fingers to turn the page. That gesture — how he absent-mindedly put both his index and middle finger to his lips before turning the page — made me realize… 
"You can sit, Miss Bedwen. No point in standing."
I had been too surprised by the realization and hadn't sat down. My notebook fell out of my hands. I bent to pick it, struggling to organize my thoughts.

I had seen that gesture before. Hundreds of times, when my mother read books at night, first to me, then to my brothers. My brothers also had a tendency to do that. And they also looked a lot like the professor. Besides, his surname was identical to mine. And my family had adopted mother’s surname when father married her. Professor Bedwen was my grandfather.
#
Mother never told us anything about her family. As far as I knew before, we didn't have any extended family. Why had she kept that secret? Why did she not tell me he was living in Ashford? Why did she lose contact with him — was it because of my father's origin? Or was it because I was born dark arall in a light arall family, a very rare occurrence, an oddity, a freak.
After the class finished, I decided to approach that man. Although I refused to take part in my father's sessions of ancestor adoration after my sixteenth birthday, I was still the firstborn of the family, and making sure everybody in our family was taken care of was my duty. Being raised Yllamese is quite a burden. I lingered, which was quite easy, considering I was in the middle of the row and I had to wait for everybody to exit if I didn't want to step on everybody's toes again. I try to do that only when necessary.
He was surrounded by excited students, who were blabbering about how excited they were to listen to the lecture (very common in light uninitiated young arall). My brothers always showered me in adoration, and I know enthusiasm like that can be grating. Being the infallible older sister is a very high standard after all. I stayed, waiting for them to finish talking. They weren't really saying anything, just purging their feelings, and he wasn't paying too much attention to them. His eyes were wandering the classroom, and he noticed me. I stood there, with my bag on my shoulder. I would wait for him.
He got rid of the adoring crowd quite quickly, seemingly with lots of experience.
"So, Miss Bedwen." The classroom was almost empty, the last few students heading towards the exit. "Did you stay to apologize for your behavior earlier?"
"That also. Look, I'm sorry about being so distracted. It's just that I was so excited to finally meet you, I've heard so many things…" Buttering up people was the usual tactic when caught in the wrong.
He seemed exasperated.
"Look, Miss Bedwen." He tapped his messenger bag impatiently. "You are probably a relation of mine, but, considering I've never even heard of you before, we are very distant relatives. There are certainly few people who share our illustrious family name…" 
Illustrious family name? Seriously? Who did he think he was? Mother never mentioned our family was noble or anything like that.
"…but I would like you not to spread any rumors on our family ties, or expect any leniency."
So my grandfather is a pompous fool who thinks everybody wants something out of him. Poor guy. 
He may have been a very respected lawyer, and all that, but money was never the objective for me. Money is just a way to keep score, and unearned money doesn't help much in that. I certainly would not cling on to a man who didn't want me for money. I would earn it all myself.
Still, getting close to my grandfather was probably a good idea.

There is an Yllamese story about Karim, whose demented father had rejected him, and who came every day to wash his father's feet and feed him, only to be kicked out every time. My grandfather had rejected me, and if I was a proper Yllamese firstborn, I would come back and show my respect, lower myself, until I was accepted into the family.
I'd always thought Karim was an idiot. 
I smiled at this man who didn't want to be my grandfather.
"Fine. But could I write my minor thesis with you, sir?"
There was a bit of Karim in me, I guess. Somebody had to take care of this rich old fool.
"If the work is interesting enough, I could take a look at your proposal, Miss Bedwen. But why the sudden interest?"
"Well, sir, I didn't have any classes on the law before," I avoided them because they were boring and useless, "but I've realized today that the law is quite relevant for the material development of alchemy."
He seemed skeptical.
"Alright, then, Miss Bedwen. Try to interest me." And he left.
#
Collecting rumors about my grandfather was quite an easy task. First, I had to verify he was indeed my grandfather, and I wasn't embarking onto a fool's errand of saving somebody else's relative. Unlikely, considering the likeness, but still possible. Prof. Bedwen did indeed have a daughter named Claire. She apparently died in a train robbery twenty-one years ago (my parents moved to Crow Hill twenty-one years ago), and she would have been the same age as my mother.
Why did my mother decide to disappear like that? I wrote her a letter. I would not get an answer for at least two weeks; the train takes a week to get to Crow Hill, and mail needs to be sorted and delivered.
I would stay close to that man, whatever the answer was. He raised my mother, after all. He couldn't be too bad, considering what an amazing woman she was.
My mother never shared much about her family, or, for the matter, about her life before she met my father. I knew virtually nothing about my parents' lives before me. But I knew my mother was educated in a university at a time when that was still considered inappropriate for a non-magical woman. The fact that she got an education said good things about my grandfather, and their disagreements are not my business.
#
I actually got a call about the job I applied for. It was a bit weird, though. They asked me to sign a confidentiality agreement, which they gave me a week in advance. They also told me to go to a different location; the induction would happen quite close to campus, in the old Alchemy Department building. The mystery was drawing me in; arall tend to be very nosy, a trait I usually kept under control.
The old Alchemy Department had been built in an era when the worst thing alchemists could do was burn it. It had been built in solid brick, with big windows that gave plenty of light, and no air filters. Modern Alchemy was quite a bit more dangerous, so the new building had been built with solid, reinforced concrete, each corridor blocked by solid fire doors. Windows were only used for lecture rooms, and labs were lit with a closed-loop smokeless gas lighting system. The air vents contained filters that could get rid of most poisons. It was a death trap designed to keep whatever creative students came up with inside the building.
I had never gone into the old Alchemy building, as it was occupied by administrators. The occupation of this beautiful, brightly lit building, that should belong to alchemists, by paper-pushers offended my sensibilities.

After I signed the confidentiality agreement and gave it to the secretary, who also witnessed it, I was escorted to an office. The door sign said "Capt. Greggs". 
#
Why would a captain of the Army be in the administrative building of the old Alchemy Department building? The secretary who escorted me knocked before I could hesitate, and I went into the room. The Captain was sitting behind a desk full of folders and papers. He seemed like he had been here, in this office, for a while, and it wasn't a temporary thing. What was happening here?
"Ah, Miss Bedwen." He stood up and extended his hand for a handshake. It was firm, but not forceful. "I'm so glad to see you here. I've asked around, and you seem to be quite a talented student. We're so lucky to have you."
Why did it feel like he was buttering me up? Why would a low-level grunt job temp get interviewed by a Captain, no less? (I was quite fuzzy on the Kalmar Republic's army ranks, but my understanding is that a Captain is above a Lieutenant, so not the lowest rank).
"Thank you," I said, sitting down on the chair. "I must admit I'm quite surprised at being here. The job description wasn't very explicit. I thought it would be more of a repair job…"
Capt. Greggs smiled at me, leaning back in his leather chair.
"Oh, no. It would be a waste of such a talented mind to have you do such menial tasks! We have already hired a drop-out student for the intended job. You are here for another project. A side project of the Intelligence Corps."
The Intelligence Corps? What kind of job would an alchemist do there? I only had a vague idea of what they did, but the only job I could think of was in explosives making — and if there's anything that interests me less than the machine repair job, it's explosives making. Sure, at first explosives are cool things that go boom. But after living for years in a mining town (and assisting mining teams with calculations) I'd realized that exploding things in mines mostly meant lots of calculations based on estimates of the type of rock and density and air pockets and angles — all those estimates being no more than wild ass guessing. The haphazard manner in which those calculations were followed — miners frequently did things because they "felt a hunch" or "well, ten pounds of gunpowder seemed too little for this hard rock" made all that even more pointless. The worst bit was that usually, the miners were right. My university education and skills would be completely wasted on that.
"I do not specialize in explosives." Starting to think of it, the job I could get at the coach station sounded better and better. Sure, it probably wouldn't look too good on my CV, but at least repairing machines would be real Alchemy. And it certainly paid better than waitressing (I never got any tips — can't bear smiling to a client).
"Yes, I've seen your student record. Specializing in machinery and industrial processes, aren't you? Don't worry, that's precisely what we'd like to hire you for."
That's a relief. But what would the Intelligence Corps be working on in machining? Trains, cars and chemical manufacturing are, in general, civilian industries. Save the reinforced cars and trucks the military occasionally uses, there is nothing the military does that civilians can't. And the weapons and ammunitions research is definitely not part of the Intelligence work.
"We wouldn't want you to enter this project blind, so I was authorized to show you a part of it. Just remember, everything we discussed in this interview falls under the confidentiality agreement you just signed. Here, look." The captain carefully took a tiny object out of the drawer and handed it to me.
When I took it, I was deeply disappointed. It was just a button in some glass casing. A button? What's so special about it? It sure looked different, but it's not like buttons are only used in the Kalmar Republic.
Capt. Greggs probably saw the skepticism in my face and decided to disperse some of it. 
"The button may look ordinary. But you need to look more carefully," and he pointed at a microscope that was sitting in the corner of the office. 
How did I not notice it before? Now that I saw it, it sure stood out. It was the only practical thing among all the reams of paper in this office. I examined it; it was a modern microscope, with underneath electrical lighting powered by a battery. It must have cost a fortune! Electricity was a completely new field, and lightbulbs were still very expensive — which is why we still use gas lighting in the city. It's a pity such a great tool lies to waste in a paper pusher's office.
I carefully placed the button with the case onto the stage, turned on the fiddly illuminator — and saw nothing due to the reflections. Playing with the diaphragm and the aperture did not help much — I needed to open the case.
"May I?" I asked, more as a token of politeness than as a real question, as I took the button out of the case, using some tweezers. The upper side of the button didn't seem to have anything interesting, even after I moved it around quite a bit, examining every millimeter of its surface.
"What? Oh, yes, do take it out. The interesting part is on the back."
I turned it over, and sure, I could see it: an inscription in tiny, tiny symbols, that looked a bit like ancient Yllamese, but I wasn't really sure. The symbols were tiny and barely visible even with the microscope's 400x magnification. That meant the symbols were less than a millimeter long. It was very fine work, very detailed. Only some of the best goldsmiths could do work this fine. But why do this much work, for a button that was made of simple plastic?
I continued examining the button. Symbols like that are usually used for magic — to guide the path for it. Despite specializing in Alchemy, I'd attended quite a few courses on Applied Magic. I never intended to become a mage, which required an Initiation, and intensive study of magic. And who'd hire an alchemist who's a magician? 
I couldn't use magic — not before the Initiation. But I could sense it. All magicals can sense magic — both dark and light, although the precision decreases when it's the opposite magic.
So I stood up and breathed, closing my eyes, trying to feel the surrounding environment through the sixth sense. Meditation is necessary for all arall, whether we go through Initiation or not, to learn self-control. Otherwise, you could end up using magic before Initiation — and that could end up badly.
Feeling magic is not like seeing it. It's more like feeling another person's presence behind you. You don't see him or hear him — but you know he's behind you. That's how feeling magic works. It's a vague, inexact feeling. Unlike the beauty and mathematical accuracy of alchemy, magic is vaguer. So, I tried to feel the room and its contents. I felt the Captain. He was large and covered in objects — some of them dangerous. Feeling dangerous magic is almost instinctive — our bodies feel it more keenly than other types of magic. I tried to feel what was directly in front of me, concentrating on the area around my arms, where the microscope and the button were. I felt the microscope — its lamp was partly regulated by magic, and fire-related magic always feels like danger. But there was nothing else that was magical there. I breathed again, making my last attempt to see anything else — and that's when I felt it. A really vague feeling, like a feather falling on a thick wool jacket — but there was something there.
Captain Greggs, who'd been observing me this whole time without uttering a single word, decided to say something.
"So, Miss Bedwen, did you feel any magic in the button?"
"Ah, no. I thought there might be something magical in them, but I felt nothing." The vague feeling I had was not enough.
"Oh, I see. Well, that's a pity, but I guess it's expected. Only one of our most experienced magicals could see the symbol. Mages that have very fine vision are rare."
"And what did they see? Did the magic follow the symbol?"
"I guess you can turn off the microscope now, Miss Bedwen. Now that you've seen it, I guess I can share the details with you."
After I turned off the illuminator, placed the button back into its casing, and covered the microscope with the protective cloth, I sat down on the chair again. Captain Greggs leaned in, interlacing his fingers, probably trying to tell me as little as he could while awakening my curiosity.
"How well do you know the history of Kalmar, Miss Bedwen?" he asked, and I blinked at the non sequitur.
"Well, as well as any graduate of a school does, I guess. It's not like we focus much on it in University — there are plenty of other, more important things."
He nodded as if saddened by the state of my education. It was pretty offensive — I was a good student, although I never showed interest in anything beyond coursework in anything but Alchemy and anything related to it. Applied Magic had only been tangentially interesting to me, as alchemists need to collaborate with magicians — I thought I could give it a go. I gave up once I realized how unsystematic and haphazard magic was.
He stood up and pointed at a big world map that was hanging on the wall. 
"You see this?" he traced the borders of Kalmar with his fingers. "This is Kalmar. And this," he pointed at a tiny island on the south coast, quite close to Yllam. "This is Forg island. It belonged to Yllam until recently, when after a small border skirmish, it ended in our hands."
The so-called Forg island was so tiny it was but a speck on the map. I approached it and lowered my head to see better. It almost seemed like it had been added with a pen after printing. I looked more closely. Yes, it was definitely added at a later point; the ink was a bit darker than every other line on the map. Nobody but the military would care about that island; even they probably only cared about it for some geostrategic reasons.
"Well," Captain Greggs clearly saw my skepticism. "To secure the island, we stationed a platoon there."
An entire platoon for an island that small? The island must be quite important. But poor guys. They must have been bored to death. You can't even march very far (I was fuzzy on military entertainment, but in my understanding, marching was as entertaining as it got outside of fighting).
"The lieutenant commanding the unit decided to show some initiative," because he was bored out of his mind, most likely, "and started to dig around the island to prepare fortifications." Or rather, the lieutenant had to make his men do something, so they wouldn't mutiny out of boredom. "That's when they found the buttons — a huge stash of them, in fact. They all have those symbols in the back — different symbols."
"How many buttons did they find?" A modern skilled jeweler could produce one or two of these a day, so depending on how many there were…
"Thousands. Tens of thousands. And all of them had slightly different symbols. Now, I guess you know what that means."
I did. It could only mean one thing. The buttons were produced in a factory. In an assembly line superior to anything we could do today. It's not like we don't have factories in Kalmar. Kalmar is the most advanced country in the world, and our Alchemy is the best (if you ignore Yllam — which I do — but they focus on pharmaceuticals anyway). We have the factories that made the first steam trains, sewing machines, and we can mass produce most household goods. And the tolerances of parts are quite good — our factories can machine parts with tolerances as low as 0.1 microns (or a millionth of an inch, as some people still insist on saying). But to produce not just thousands of identical objects a day — but to individualize each of them to this level of precision, and with magic — that was something you did only if it was for something expensive. Magic that fine was costly; you wouldn't use it for something as insignificant as buttons.
"Are these buttons actually buttons?" Maybe they were used for something else. After all, all this effort just for buttons — seemed too much.
"You thought of this too, right? Well, as far as we can see, they are indeed just buttons."
If somebody had spent what seems like huge amounts of effort — something that we can do but is very costly — for something as cheap and insignificant as buttons… That would mean…
"These are the remains of an alchemically superior society." If it wasn't a hoax made by bored soldiers, but soldiers don't tend to have the patience to do something like this.
"It seems so. And other things found on the island…"
"What other things?"
"Well, if you want to find out, you must sign the contract. We won't share anything more until you sign with us." 
He was tempting me, offering me the possibility of a lifetime — but I would have to sign a contract with the Intelligence Corps. And I never liked the idea of working for the government too much.
"Well, can I think about it? It's such a big decision."
"Sure, Miss Bedwen. You've got three weeks to think about it."

Chapter 3

I had to find a way other than signing up to get to that research. If there were any historical remains of alchemically and magically superior civilizations, where could I find them? The first thing you do in any alchemy research project is to talk to people who are familiar with the subject and have read lots of literature on the topic.
So I joined the history club. It was a club known for being the place where all the conspiracy theorists and nutjobs got together to discuss the most outlandish ideas. I knew enough of the official history to know that civilizations superior to ours were not something common knowledge. But maybe this club could help me find something?
The club had ten people, young skinny men, all non-magical. They took me in, although their enthusiasm at having a woman join was probably soured by me being dark arall. They didn't seem to know much about any alchemically superior ancient civilization, but I did get a lot of rumors about how the world is ruled by a secret clique of perfect empaths manipulating everybody through mind magic (seriously — where do they get those ideas from?). When I joined them on Friday for one of the guys' presentations, I couldn't stop laughing through the whole thing. Seriously — magicals controlling the weather and provoking the Great Famine by changing ocean currents? Did they have any idea of how impossible that was? The most anyone could do was make it rain when the clouds were dense enough. Magic couldn't create the clouds, nor the wind that would bring them. Changing atmospheric pressures — tons and tons of very light matter — was an exponentially difficult activity. Magic was more effective the smaller the mass and the smaller the object.
The guys, who had been attentively listening to the speaker (he introduced himself, I think his name was Mike?), weren't too happy with me. At the end of the lecture (I wasn't laughing anymore — my belly hurt too much), one of the guys, the least shy of them, asked me to explain what was so funny. I did. It took me a couple of formulas and five minutes or so of back-of-the-envelope calculations on the blackboard. When I looked at the audience, their eyes were glazy. I think the math just flew completely over their heads. These guys could not understand any description of technology even if it was explicitly mentioned. They had no idea of alchemy. 
I would have to do the literature research myself; it seems like there are no alchemists studying history, so nobody with an actual understanding of what's possible, even with magic, was there.
#
Considering my Yllamese ancestry, it wouldn't be too surprising if I found their culture fascinating. And, as the islands where Captain Greggs said the remnants of that civilization were found were Yllamese, I may find something in ancient Yllamese books.
The library had a few books about ancient Yllam, but they all seemed too modern. And, considering how historians seemed to not understand how alchemy works, second-degree accounts of how things worked or what was available would be useless. Ask the average man on the street how the steam engine works — would they be able to explain it? And imagine somebody retells the account of the first person — this time, without ever having seen a steam engine. No, I needed first level accounts.
Archeological studies could work, but the Yllamese did not like excavating the past. The ancestor adoration thing, you know. That's why they didn't let Kalmari archeologists dig in their country either. So I had to find older sources, preferably ones that weren't too hard to access.
"Is there anything, maybe in the archives, about the older history of Yllam? It could even be in Yllamese; I can read it with a dictionary." We had a course in the third year, which I passed by learning mad skills with the dictionary.
The librarian, an elderly woman who wasn't used to energetic researchers who mess her whole organizing by taking all the books out, promised me she would find out whether there were other materials (she probably wanted to get rid of me). I told her I would come back tomorrow and search through the library more intensely if she found nothing. When she recoiled in horror, I knew she would be motivated to find me more sources. Since delegating hard work is all dark arall's schtick (we like to control things, not to do the hard work), I was quite happy to let her do it.
#
The next morning, when I came to the library at eight o'clock, its opening time, she was quite surprised to see me.
"Old habits. Up north, you have to wake up before sunrise, especially in winter, if you want to do anything productive during the day. Sleep a bit too much, and poof! Your whole day is gone."
She accepted my explanation.
"Well, I asked around."
"And?"
"While there are a few older books in the archives, the most interesting books are in the possession of the Interpersonal and Intercultural Relations Department."
Ugh. Them again. So it's not enough that they force us to take their classes, now they take the best books, as well.
"And who is in charge of those books?"
"Professor Derwen."
My relationship with Prof. Derwen wasn't very good. He seemed to have taken a particular interest in me since the first day I started studying alchemy. I attributed it to his dislike of dark arall. He usually tried to annoy all dark arall, the ones studying in the Applied Practical Magic Department (yes, APMD is completely unpronounceable; that's why they're commonly referred to as the black magic department). He seems to dislike me especially though, maybe because I am a kind of a freak. The only dark arall in the whole Alchemy Department - the first one in a decade!
 Professor Derwen was in charge of the Yllamese Cultural Relations Department. He always used his position to annoy people like me and got them in trouble whenever they showed disrespect or a lack of restraint when dealing with him. Dealing with him while remaining courteous was really hard even for ordinary people. He liked to stand too closely, lean too heavily, speak too informally, take too much time, although he never broke the rules, the bastard. He seemed content to only dish that kind of treatment to first-year dark arall, and that made it hard for me to complain about it. After all, dark arall usually find anything annoying and disrespectful. There's the prejudice issue too, and nobody considers us defenseless. Thankfully, he'd stopped after a year, and I had seen little of him since. And he had the books I needed? Maybe I should sign up for the government service after all. At least they'll pay me. And give me a badge. Do researchers get badges?
"He's probably very busy. Thank you for your effort, though. I will make sure to schedule a meeting with him." Like, never. But this lady was nice, and I may need her help again, why not show some appreciation.
"Oh, no, don't worry about that. When I inquired about the books, Prof. Derwen was so excited about it, he cleared his schedule for the morning. Few people are interested in those books, you see, and it took him a great effort to procure them."
Great. Now I had to go. Whether or not he knew my name now, he would make sure to learn who was interested in his books if I ignored him. And I couldn't have him restarting his hostilities towards me. It had been really hard to stop myself from strangling him during my first year as it was.
#
I knew perfectly well where Prof. Derwen's office was. Not because I ever wanted to visit it, but because I avoided it, sometimes making elaborate circles just to avoid getting close to him (that didn't help much, but a girl can try). It took me no time to get there, as his office was right next to the stairs. It usually took a lot of skill to avoid it. I never hesitate, but I had to do some breathing exercises before I knocked. My arall nature was demanding I fight, pumping my system with aggression. This was going to be hard. I knocked, firmly but not too strongly.
"Come in, come in." Professor Derwen had quite a nice voice. Which didn't make him any less annoying.
I entered. The door was solid oak. That's the reason it took me that long to open it, not that I was stalling, obviously.
"Good morning, Professor. May I sit?"
He seemed slightly surprised to see me, so he didn't know who the student interested in his books was.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen. So nice to see you in my office. Would you like some coffee or tea?"
"Tea, please." The last thing I needed was the excitement coffee gave me. Tea helped me relax.
"I just boiled some water and have some fine Yllamese powder green. Feel free to pour it yourself." He pointed at the teakettle burning on an alcohol burner.
Making tea was something ingrained in me since childhood. My father always made me make it following all the customs of his homeland, as he liked to insist I was Yllamese. I poured the just-boiled water into the bowl. It was too hot for making tea. No matter, the first pouring wasn't for making tea, anyway. I poured the hot water into one bowl. 
"Would you like a cup too, Professor Derwen?"
"Yes, please."
I poured the hot water into a second bowl while warming the whisk in the first. When it was sufficiently warm, I poured the water out of both bowls and dried them. By the time I measured the right amount of tea with a thin spatula-like spoon, the water had cooled to the right temperature. I then used the measuring cups to pour the tea. I then put the bowls on a tray and took the tray to the desk. Prof. Derwen was looking at me, seemingly surprised.
"Here you have it," I said.
"Thank you, Miss Bedwen." He accepted the bowl I gave him. 
I sat down and took a sip. It tasted just right, like the tea I made for my father. It had been years since I'd drank it, since green powder tea of good quality is quite expensive, and I didn't have much money. Why did Prof. Derwen offer me this really expensive tea? Was it because he didn't realize it would be me, and he prepared it in advance?
I slowly drank the tea from the bowl. As was the Yllamese tradition, I didn't talk. This had been a time for my father and me to sit down and just be, without my brothers, or other demands on his time. I'm not sure why Prof. Derwen didn't speak. Being quiet while drinking tea certainly wasn't a tradition of Kalmar; nobody would stop talking in the cafes and teahouses that had become all the rage.
This had been the most friendly interaction I've ever had with Prof. Derwen, maybe because he was the host here. But I didn't come here for the tea, so when I finished savoring the tea, I turned the bowl, showing I had enjoyed the tea and it was time for business. At least, if you knew Yllamese traditions. To Kalmari, it was just a way of drying a cup.
"I've heard you have some books on ancient Yllam. I am trying to make a presentation on the ancient history of Yllam for the history club, and I would like to get some original materials. Could you please show the books to me, Professor?" Business means business. Wasting time on pleasantries is not for me; I'm not Yllamese enough for that. Besides, it's not like Prof. Derwen was the polite kind of guy. Not to me, at least.
"Ah, the history club! I remember being a founding member," no wonder it was full of idiots, considering the founder, "so glad to see this great university tradition continued. So you want to check the books out of my department's collection?" For some reason, Prof. Derwen seemed less prickly than usual, distracted, as if he was trying to find the answer to some puzzle. He stood up and took a key from his drawer, opening a locked bookcase. He put on some gloves, and carefully took out a very old, worn book. He placed it on a big table that was covered with a cloth. "I must tell you, though, Miss Bedwen. You won't find it very useful. They're all written in old Yllamese pictograms, not the Yllamese you learn in your courses."
I approached the table. After putting on the gloves that Prof. Derwen handed me, I carefully examined the book cover. It was a traditional binding, with the pages bound but no spine or protective cover. I turned it around and placed it properly; Yllamese books are read from right to left, with sentences written from the top to the bottom in each page.
The book was written in the same characters as the Road of the Black Lily, the book my father made me study as a kid. He insisted, despite my refusals, tantrums, and outright sabotage, that I study the characters, and read that damn book. It was the one thing he was immutable on. I could usually bend his will, as he adored me and called me his little princess. "Little princess," he used to say, "princesses have many privileges, but they come with duties. And it is your duty to know your people's history and preserve it. You should be able to read The Road of the Black Lily, and The Mandate of Flowers. How would you be able to rule if you don't know anything?" Pointing out that I wasn't actually a princess, that I was an ordinary girl in Kalmar, that I'd probably never go to Yllam, ever, ever, since I hated Yllam, the country with the most horrible writing system, more than anything, never helped. My father was unmovable. Even mother wasn't able to reason with him on that. I was small enough when he started teaching me that my magic hadn't manifested yet, but by the time I hit puberty, with magic flowing through my blood, changing me, making me stronger, tougher, and bullheaded beyond reason, I knew how to resist. So I never got to learn Yllamese etiquette, with all those stupid bows, manners of address, etc. Except for making proper tea, as I thought of it more as alchemy than etiquette.
I had thought the knowledge of pictograms would be useful in our Yllamese course in the first year of Alchemy. To my disappointment, ancient and modern written Yllamese had so little to do with each other that I had to study that course like everybody else, memorizing the stupid new characters and promptly forgetting them when the course was over.
This book I could read, even without a dictionary. I leafed through; it had no index, nor chapters, nor anything. I would have to read it cover to cover.
"Oh, no problem, Professor. I will just start reading then, if that's not a problem?"
"Wait, so you can read ancient Yllamese?"
I didn't answer that rhetorical question. Of course I could, what would I be doing otherwise? 
#
When Craig Derwen left his office, with the Bedwen girl reading a book he hadn't been able to read (and she was a dark arall, at that! Could it get more humiliating?), he wasn't feeling very well, not to put too fine a point on it. He went to his old friend, who always had some beer and snacks.
He crossed the corridor and entered without knocking. Whatever Dave was doing, he would understand. Dave had been sitting in his armchair, writing. Preparing lectures for a new course was never that easy. He had recently moved to Ashford, to get away from the busy life in Ecton. He didn't share many details of why he moved from the capital city to this small university town, but he seemed much more relaxed here. He even let go of his usual compulsion for order: the office still contained some unpacked boxes from his recent move.
 He looked up with worry in his eyes.
"Craig, old friend, you seem a bit shaken. What's the matter?" 
He sat down, trying to collect his thoughts. 
"You know how we have an unofficial duty — to weed out some of the most… disagreeable people from the Applied Practical Magic Department?"
Dave nodded. Dark arall tended to be impulsive and aggressive, so one of the — unofficial — duties of the school of the Interpersonal and Intercultural Relations Department, or white magic department, was to detect the most aggressive ones and find a reason to kick them out of school. Some skills were too dangerous to leave in the hands of aggressive maniacs. So they teased, and even slightly bullied the students, trying to get a reaction. The ones who resorted to the use of magic or physical force were forced out, whereas those who shouted got a scolding. This task was usually done by Craig Derwen, who (to his shame) actually enjoyed teasing dark mages. Besides, with the number of protective artifacts he was wearing, the highest risk involved was getting punched. Reconciliation or no, there was still enmity between light and dark mages, and Craig Derwen was old enough to remember when dark arall were enemies.
"Well… we also decided to do it with the Dark student in Alchemy." Having magical people in non-magical departments was a rare occasion; magic was usually too tempting, too powerful and easy. "It was hard to convince the Dean of Alchemy to allow us to do that. He is quite protective of his students." Whether the Dean of Alchemy was happy about a dark arall student in his school, letting other departments butt in into his schools' management was not something he would do. If schools go around messing each others' students, what's the point of having separate schools at all? "He gave us a year to do it and told us to stop messing with his school after that."
"And what happened?"
"Nothing. Not even shouting. She learnt to avoid me, and even wrote a very polite complaint to the Dean, but never lost control."
Dave chuckled. 
"That must be a first for you. Not managing to make a young uninitiated dark arall lose control at all? When was that? Will I have the chance to meet this student?"
"Oh, yes. It was three years ago, so she's a fourth-year student now."
"Fourth-year, you say?" Dave started rhythmically hitting the table with his pen. It was a habit he had when he was trying to remember something. "I think I remember a dark female fourth year… A certain Miss Bedwen."
"Yes, that's the one. Wait a minute — did you know her before? Is she your family member?”
"I met her in class. She was a bit distracted but came to me at the end of the class to ask whether I'll supervise her minor thesis. And no, just because we share a surname, even a rare one, doesn't mean we're related."
"A thesis, eh? This early in the year?"
"Whatever she's trying to do, be sure: she will write this thesis. And minor or no, I won't allow her to half-arse it. I don't let my students take the easy path — you know me."
Dave was indeed very serious about work. His law firm had been one of the best. It probably would become great again, once they sorted all the power struggles after his sudden departure. 
Writing a minor thesis on applied law, reading ancient books on Yllamese history — what was that girl trying to do? In the three years he had observed her, after failing in his duty in the first year (finding that girl's pressure points was a point of pride for him — even if he wasn't allowed to use them anymore). Which brought his mind back to the topic.
"Well, she's in my office — reading those books I bought from a private collection — remember those?”
"Yeah, those ancient books you spent a fortune on, but couldn't get anybody to translate since the only people who know ancient Yllamese are palace scribes? I told you not to trust that dealer — nobody sells actually valuable antiques in secret. They weren't even originals, just a copy of a copy. And unreadable at that." Dave had told him several times not to buy those books. Telling his friend I told you so was one of those things he didn't get to do to Craig that frequently, so he tended to enjoy that.
"Well, that unique prodigy is reading them. As if it were the most ordinary thing in the world. For a report for the history club."
He had searched for an expert on ancient Yllamese for years. In the end, he just donated the books to the department library. Maybe somebody could find a use for them one day. It was a surprise when it happened though.
"Didn't an expert tell you that there are only like thirty people in the world that can read ancient Yllamese fluently — and all of them were in the imperial court?" Dave had tried to help him find a translator, despite being against the book purchase from the beginning.
"Makes you wonder where she learned it. With that surname, her father has to be Kalmari. And it's not like they teach women much in Yllam. You know how they are about women. They even manage to keep dark arall women in the harems."
"And how do they do that?" Anybody who'd met a dark arall woman would know — they don't tend to do what they're told. Even the Inquisition, with their penchant for torture, and unexpected visits hadn't stopped them from behaving like they always did. And during the Reformation, when they demanded they were also given full voting rights, it was decided to give them to all women. Nobody liked the idea of giving special rights to dark arall, but with organized battalions of battle-ready females, it's not like they could deny them those rights. Especially considering magic made dark arall females as strong as ordinary men — even without using the magic. "I couldn't even manage my daughter — headstrong that she was — and look at how she ended up." The death of his daughter in a train accident was a particularly sore point for Dave.
"By making them guards, obviously. Don't even need eunuchs or any of that nonsense. But even a harem guard in the imperial court wouldn't know how to read pictograms Why would they? It's impractical, and they have the modernized alphabet." Craig had spent a long time trying to find anybody who could know the subject and had become a subject matter expert.
"You know, instead of speculating, you could actually check out who her parents are. Every student who gets a scholarship submits a form — it should say the family's details. And she doesn't seem rich."
"Right! Thanks — I should check it out." And with that, Craig went back to his office. He couldn't leave the books unattended for too long — or they could get stolen.
Chapter 4

I dove right into the book, carefully opening it with my gloved hands. After a while, standing became quite uncomfortable, so I took a chair and sat down. The chairs, although upholstered, were quite hard, but it was still better than standing. There were some interesting ideas I could use for the presentation; I took out the notebook I carried to make notes and started scribbling (making sure to use another table and checking the gloves, as to not damage or smudge the book). Seeing how it's going, I'll probably be able to get enough notes in half an hour. Good. I didn't want to spend much more time on that, anyway.
The book smelled of chemicals used in conservation. Although that part of alchemy was not very interesting to me, I had some practice with the few books father had brought from Yllam. He said they were family heirlooms, and insisted I should get to keep them, as the eldest child (why my brothers couldn't get them, I don't know; it's not like I wanted that antiquated garbage). So he asked me to preserve them after I came back for my first year's summer vacation. 
Professor Derwen was paging through his notebook. The usually boisterous and noisy corridors were empty, and I could hear everything. It's one of those things; I can work on a report in the noisiest of pubs, and nothing bothers me, but when I'm in the library, and somebody pages through a book too loudly, I can't really concentrate. Which is why I was quite relieved when he left somewhere. With him gone, I could fully concentrate on the book.
I worked through the whole book and finished reading it before he came back (it was not very long). So, after I wrapped up the notes, I waited for Prof. Derwen to come back to the office (it's not like I could leave the office unattended, even on a Saturday; leaving valuable ancient books unattended is asking for trouble). None of my alchemy courses would accept a one-source literature review, especially one based on such an ancient book. But history is not an exact science (even calling it a science is an insult to alchemy). 
Prof. Derwen was taking quite a while to come back from the toilet (why he left me alone in his office in the first place is beyond me). So I went around the office, checking it out. The view from the window, to the park, was quite boring. No trains, no lamps, no people. What's the point of living in a city if all you get to see are trees and flowers? When I got my dorm room, I made sure to get it on the lower floor, to hear the traffic and the drunkards. Nothing puts me to sleep as well as the purr of cars (or in their absence, the screams of drunkards hit during a fight).
As there was nothing else to do, I went to the beginning and started paging through the book again. Something was nagging at me. I went back a few pages, this time paying close attention. After a page or so, I read through an absolutely inane passage on the virtues of bureaucracy and went back again. What did my mind see in that paragraph? I went through it again, symbol by symbol.
And then I realized. The symbol I had seen in that button Captain Greggs showed me was quite similar to this one — or at least my vague recollection of that symbol was. It had been changed, the lines were straighter, less round, simplified. The civilization Captain Greggs told me about was probably a bit older than these books. There was also no mention of how it was used for magic. But there could be other things, maybe in the other books that were under lock and key right now, that would give me more clues.
#
By the time Prof. Derwen came back, I was going again through the book, trying to find a clue, any small detail, about superior alchemy, or the north of Yllam, or Forg island. Any place name I didn't recognize, I copied down. I would write a letter to father; he would be really glad I was interested in the family legacy.
"Oh, Miss Bedwen. I see that the report for the historical society is going well?" he said, glancing at my notes. His hand seemed to go towards the notebook, but he stopped himself. That's right, we dark arall don't like anybody touching our stuff.
"Oh, yes, Professor. It will be next Friday, as always, at five. I'll be making my presentation then." If he came, there would be an audience of eleven people. Although I was only making this presentation as an excuse to get to the books, it would be nice if it would at least impress some people.
"Looking forward to it, Miss Bedwen. I might even bring a couple of guests."
"Oh, as long as they fit in the hall room." The hall room the history club gets for their meeting is huge. It's probably because nobody has much use for a classroom after five on a Friday (at least non-alcohol related use, that is). So yeah, that was a joke. No way will the hall room get even a quarter full.
"So, are you done with that book? I can get you the next one."
"Thank you."
I dove in straight into the next book. It was newer than the first one I read and didn't seem to contain anything about ancient civilizations. None of the other books did, either. But I did find lots of materials for my presentation.
#
On Friday, I came slightly late to the history club. I spent a stupid amount of time in the library to find other literature by Yllamese history experts, ancient Kalmari sources (ancient Kalmari is quite unreadable, let me tell you; they may not have pictograms, but they don't have spelling rules, either), and quite a lot of time with the dictionary, reading modern Yllamese historians. I justified that in my mind by thinking of this presentation as the basis of a chapter my minor thesis. Cultural reasons for different laws for alchemy, something like that. When I talked to Prof. Bedwen again after the lecture on Monday, he was quite interested in the topic. I invited him too.
I always tend to create work for myself by making everything way bigger than I intend it to, but this time it went far beyond my usual. When I came to the lecture hall on Friday, the history club geeks (and Joe) were nervously standing outside the classroom. I had arrived barely on time, as I had to haul the posters I made for the presentation (big maps, big pictures; details can't be seen from a few feet away anyway).
"What's the issue? And what are you doing here?" I asked Joe.
"Well, I heard you were making this groundbreaking presentation about ancient Yllam. I had to come to see it." To see me fail, probably. Joe was sometimes too dark, despite being from a completely non-magical family (I checked).
"So what are you guys doing standing here?" I asked, handing Joe all the placards and posters.
When I opened the door, it seemed like the whole light magic department was here. And the dark magic department's dean, too. I spotted Prof. Derwen and Prof. Bedwen sitting, so I approached them.
"Are you here for the history club presentation? Because we've booked the classroom at administration, I checked today. I even have the keys."
"Ah, Miss Bedwen. Don't worry, we just came to see your presentation. And all these gentlemen, too."
Right. This is the moment when an ordinary person would panic. But dark arall don't panic, we get filled with unhealthy enthusiasm. They want to make fun of me? I will make fun of them! I mentally rewrote my whole talk. 
#
The talk I wrote was flying out of the window. When Joe came in carrying all the placards, I just scattered them around the stage in random order. It didn't matter too much anyway. I would improvise.
"Good afternoon," it's better to start on a polite note. "Now that everybody's seated, let me introduce myself. I am Dana Bedwen, student of fourth-year Alchemy. This presentation is an introduction to my minor thesis topic, the comparative analysis of the legal system in relation to alchemy in ancient and modern Yllam, and the recent overtaking in alchemical technologies by the Kalmar's Republic thanks to our modern legal system. I am doing this work together with Prof. Bedwen, who graciously agreed to be my supervisor. As I am just starting, I will only talk about ancient Yllam. We have few sources available in Kalmar, but thanks to the gracious help of Prof. Derwen, I could get hold of and translate some original sources…"
This talk was going to be full of references, boring analysis, and little conjecture. That's right, I am not letting these people humiliate me. My literature search was solid, and I would not let them criticize me for the form of my work. I was going to cross all the t's and dot all the i's. And I also put Prof. Bedwen in the awkward position of having to deny whether he was supervising me (he hadn’t agreed yet, so I hoped this would cement it). 
I recited translated passages from memory (try to spend half an hour reading a phrase with a dictionary, and you better memorize it). The citations and the quotes came straight from the sources. I didn't say my opinion on them, as the selection of which data to present made sure I was getting my point across. I sometimes went back to my notebook to read aloud whole sections of the translation I made.
The history club students weren't very interested. Joe seemed to be dozing off. Most of the professors spent the first part of my talk darting annoyed looks at Prof. Derwen (so he was the one who dragged them here), and the second part dozing off. Even I was bored listening to myself.
But here comes the kicker. I hope I buried the lede enough.
"So, despite ample evidence of the existence of dark magicals, and their influence in the development of alchemy, there is no evidence of the existence of light magicals in ancient Yllam. Light magicals gaining power in modern Yllam may be one of the factors stifling alchemical development. But, as I said, this theory needs further research, and I am going to work on this topic this year. Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed the presentation. Any questions?"
#
The last phrase seemed to shake the stupor off. I glanced at the room. Only a few people had realized what I'd said. The dean of dark magic smiled at me. She had been aware of what I was doing.
I am just a student. I don't have the status or the knowledge to get away with going against the status quo. And the status quo theory of the duality of magic was that light magic was necessary to counterbalance dark magic, that both needed each other. To suggest that dark magic could exist on its own — that a society could function without light magic — was heresy.
My grandfather was looking at me. He'd looked at me through the whole talk, never glancing away or checking his pocket watch. I guess I could never have fooled him. Lawyers are probably used to sneaky opponents trying to bore them to death. He leaned back, after sitting upright through the whole talk. It seems he was going to let this play out.
Prof. Derwen, who spent the whole talk taking notes, especially when I pointed at posters with some phrases from his books, was now copying the posters. I don't get why he's doing it, considering he has the originals. Trying to catch me on an error? I might have resisted my father's attempts at teaching me calligraphy, but my writing was acceptable. He wouldn't find a significant mistake — I didn't make the extra effort to make it beautiful, but my work was solid. For me, writing had always been about conveying information — not for decoration.
"Any questions?" I repeated, after a minute of awkward silence. Nobody had clapped at the end of my talk. They wouldn't — even as a token of politeness. They all sensed that I had just made fun of them, but most of them didn't see how, and those among them who did, were too dignified to respond to an upstart student.
#
One of them — I don't know his name, but he had been seating next to the dean of light magic (who did realize what I said but wanted his subordinates to crush me rather than doing it himself) spoke first.
"Miss Bedwen. I noticed you quoted the History of the Third Kingdom, but you didn't talk about the refutation made by a respected modern scholar, in Magic through the Kingdoms. Could you explain why you didn't provide contradictory evidence to your thesis?"
Ah, so he was trying to accuse me of bias. I had read Magic through the Kingdoms. Quite a mediocre attempt at debunking previous scholars, let me tell you.
"The author of the book you mention didn't use any additional sources than the History of the Third Kingdom, but he seemed to interpret them differently. However, considering his more modern translation of the sources, you can clearly see he doesn't seem to have understood context properly. As you know, Yllamese is a context-driven language and changing the symbols that surround a word change its meaning. The writer didn't seem to know the meaning of some words, as he guessed them from context. But the writer of the History seemed to have a better understanding of ancient texts. If you look at this poster…"
All that work I spent writing the posters wasn't in vain, after all. I had to scour through multiple art supply shops until I found a brush thick enough to paint the posters with the right brushstroke. I know — spending that much work for a small history club presentation is wasteful. But I never half-arse my work, and it paid off today.
Chapter 5

After three hours of intense questioning — my throat was getting a little sore, but show weakness? — not my style — grandpa came to the rescue.
"Gentlemen," then, looking at the dean of Practical Magic, “and lady”. As strange as it seems to pedestrians, there are fewer light female magicians than dark ones. Mind control seems more effective at subjugating people than strength — especially considering dark females are strong too. "I think it's time to wrap up. While we are thankful for your helpful comments and suggestions about my student's work, this is not the finished work. You will be able to present your questions — in writing — once we hang the thesis."
Theses were hung by a nail on the wall, at least a week before presentation, even the ones for a minor. They usually languished there, untouched and unread. Who wants to read another student's trite re-imagination of the same literature? There wasn't going to be much interesting work students could do, especially considering the limited time. I always intended to shine in my thesis. I've already started experimenting in the lab — Prof. Fran let me start initial experiments, although I haven't chosen a supervisor for my major thesis yet.
I guess my minor will be a success. It seems all of them will do their best to find mistakes in it. I was going to have to do a great job. Insulting light magicians by suggesting their magic is not just unnecessary, but a nuisance — that was going to cost me.
Prof. Bedwen approached me.
"Miss Bedwen," he said. "I see you've really started working on your thesis already. Good work. But, as your supervisor, I would really prefer that you limit public engagement until your work is more… polished. Some of it is quite controversial."
Was he trying to quiet me or censure me? That wasn't going to happen. The Inquisition's gone, and nobody can censure books anymore. We've got freedom of speech.
"Prof. Bedwen, while I really respect your work, I won't allow the quality of my work to be affected by the controversy. Whatever the results I find are, I will stand by my results, and if you attempt to tone it down, I may need to find another supervisor." I really didn't want to do that, as I would need to find another excuse to be close to him. But academic integrity trumps convenience.
He seemed a bit startled, but laughed, tilting his head backward.
"Miss Bedwen," he said, still smiling, "never, in a million years, would I think I can silence you. Especially after today's presentation. But as your supervisor, my reputation is on the line, and while I am willing to be controversial, I will not, I repeat, I will not, allow mediocre work to be associated with my name. So, as you chose me as your supervisor, you should be prepared. Come Monday morning to my office with your notes — we'll begin with your thesis plan." He then pointed at Joe, who was standing there with all the posters he collected while I was talking to Prof. Bedwen. "And now go talk to your young man, he seems to be waiting for you."
"Joe's not…" — my boyfriend, I tried to say, but Prof. Bedwen was already heading towards the door and exited before I could finish the sentence.
Joe heard the last part, and nervously asked:
"Did he say anything about me?"
"Oh, no, he just thought you were my boyfriend. Why would anybody think that?" I asked him, taking half the posters and heading outside. "By the way, do you want a drink? I feel like I need a bit of beer after this."
"Sure."
#
"You know," Joe said, holding a beer in his hand, in the pub we went to after the talk. "You should be careful about Prof. Bedwen. He's not a man you should anger. I've heard things about him. He doesn't take insults to his reputation lightly."
"Don't we all?" A high-status man who cares about his position is not really surprising. Many of the professors in the university were known to be vindictive when their professional reputation was at stake. It's not something I wasn't used to.
"No, it's not like that." Joe drank his entire glass and put it on the sticky table I'd been avoiding touching all evening. "In his case, they say he goes beyond the reasonable. That he breaks the law. There are even stories about his family…"
I perked up, suddenly interested. Was this the reason why mother had broken all contact with her father?
"His family?"
"Well, after you chose him as your supervisor, I asked around. My uncle, who lived in Ecton for a couple of years when he was growing his business, heard stories about him. It's all rumors, you know. Nothing certain."
Joe usually wasn't a gossipy guy. If the rumors were bothering him, it must be something serious.
"Spill," I said, looking at him straight into the eyes. "I need to know how serious this is. I am going to spend a lot of time working with him, after all."
"Well, my uncle told me — that the Bedwens were a very distinguished family. Many generations of light magic, they were linked with the Inquisition in its heyday, had a good position there. Anyway, during the Reformation, Mr. Bedwen must have felt the change and left the sinking ship. After studying in the College of the Holy Inquisition, he refused to join the Inquisition and started a law firm where he defended dark arall. This was quite dangerous back then — the Inquisition hadn't been disbanded yet."
"Every magical family had something to do with the Inquisition, Joe. You were either in it or you got caught by it. It's quite logical Prof. Bedwen had something to do with the Inquisition. Studying in their College? Half of our faculty probably did. The Inquisition had some of the best schools, after all. What matters is what he did afterward."
"That's not it. That was just the intro, you need to hear the rest. So Mr. Bedwen then spent many years clearing the family name (or dragging it through the dirt, depending on who you ask), and making some money in the process. He then got married, to a non-magical, and had two kids, both non-magical. Everything was good, but then his son started to be associated with anti-Reformists."
"Those losers?" Anti-Reformists are still around, demanding the return of the Inquisition, harassing magical children, all that. Nobody really listens to them, and they don't have the guts to attack real magicians. Gosh, my uncle was one of them?
"They weren't losers then. They still had a few of the old Inquisitors among them, and they made some trouble back then. So, apparently, Mr. Bedwen was furious. He'd spent all those years restoring the family reputation and fortune, which had been confiscated from all Inquisitors. And now his son was trying to destroy all that. And then his son went crazy."
"So what? It's not like mental illness is a crime." So, I have a crazy uncle. I'll leave grandpa to take care of him. I wouldn't want to be in charge of a pro-Inquisition crazy guy. "Or did he abandon his son?" That wouldn't be good. The last thing I need is another worry. Even with the scholarship and the part-time jobs, I needed the money my parents sent me. And now that the oldest among my brothers is twelve, we need to start thinking about schooling options. Which is why I need a job, a good job, right after university. My parents won't be able to afford to help me and send my brothers to decent schools.
"No, he didn't. But the rumors say — that him being the son of an Inquisitor, that he knew banned magic. And that he used it on his own son. And mind control magic can turn people crazy."
Of course it does. Forcing somebody to do stuff by programming them to do it is going to turn them batshit crazy. That's just natural. That's why I consider dark magic more humane. Torturing and killing somebody's body is less cruel than doing it to their mind. It's all banned nowadays. The more extreme forms of dark magic always were, unlike light magic. I've heard they still practice it in Yllam.
"Any Healer who sees a person with mental illness will examine for mind magic first. It's standard protocol. No way could he have gotten away with it." Whatever pedestrians think, getting away with mind control is not that easy. It's quite detectable, and anybody who does that goes to the gallows.
"That's the thing. There wasn't an official Healer report. Apparently, it was all under a gag order from the government. So, the report is secret. And Mr. Bedwen had many contacts in the government."
"OK. I will make sure to meditate to avoid being mind-controlled."
Joe detected the sarcasm and looked at me.
"I'm serious, Dan. You may think that as a dark arall you're immune, but you're not. The Inquisition managed to control even the strongest among you."
Rituals required to mind-control a dark arall existed, that's for sure. But you had to bind them and starve them first to weaken their magic's protection. For strong mages, it's usually easier to kill them than to control them. No way Prof. Bedwen can do that to me.
"Yeah, yeah. Thanks for your concern. If I disappear for a week, you can report Prof. Bedwen to the authorities."
Joe seemed disappointed.
"So you're going to work with him?"
"Yes, I will." I stood up and patted his shoulder. "Don't worry, man. I'll be fine. Now, do you want another beer? Round's on me."
#
In order to dig into the matter Joe told me about, I did one of those things I rarely did. I called one of my exes.
Dark arall women are usually not considered conventionally pretty. We're strong and broad-shouldered, and our facial features don't tend to be very feminine. Because we like competition and status games, dark men don't suit us — because everything becomes a competition, and who wants that in their partner? I knew one married couple of dark arall — they were certainly passionate, but they also had the biggest fights I'd ever seen. In one of them, they ended destroying their house.
No, dark magicals with any sense always date and marry non-magicals. Light magicals do marry among themselves, but the methods they've traditionally used to solve conflicts were even worse. Now that women are equal, and mind control is banned, a whole bunch of them are getting divorced. One magical person per family is enough, thankyouverymuch.
Dark men don't usually have many problems. They tend to be ambitious and have good jobs, so they find some quiet lamb and marry her. Women like me, though… Let's say we have our difficulties. Most men find physically strong, really competitive women scary. And we're not conventionally attractive, either.
Which is why, when, during my first year, I started receiving male attention for the first time in my life, I was quite flattered — and surprised. Nobody had ever so much as hinted that they found me attractive in Caerland, an area full of dark arall women. I first thought it was because I was exotic, there not being many dark women around, but then I noticed a pattern (or rather, Joe pointed it out to me).
All the men I dated, even briefly, were linked to the government. Police, army, some kind of federal bureau — all were in the enforcement branch.
The Inquisition, during its last, milder era, didn't kill powerful dark mages. If somebody was powerful and talented enough, they got a commissar — somebody who accompanied them, made sure the mage was comfortable, solved issues for them.
All the men I dated were incredibly helpful. They also volunteered advice — and were good at coaching. Once I'd realized that, I kicked the one I was dating — Jack, the one I invited today — out and never dated again. It's not like I was traumatized or something. I wasn't. I just wanted somebody who wasn't working for the government, and ordinary men didn't seem to like me much. And I wasn't going to do one-night stands. Sure, men do that. But one-night stands would affect my reputation. I wanted to be perceived as strong, smart, going to places. Being seen as a promiscuous woman wasn't going to help me, so I just gave up. It wasn't worth it for me.
#
The hotel room where I saw him in the past was the same. I couldn't bring guests to the dorm (strict no guest policy), and when we dated, I never went to his home, so we met in this hotel room.
It was old, but clean. They changed the sheets before every guest, and the cleaning staff did a superb job. It was the cleanest place in the price range I could afford. I always paid half; even when my exes offered, I couldn't deal with a man paying for me — although as a poor student, it sometimes really stretched my budget. And to think the bills may have been paid by the government! If I'd known it before, I'd have chosen the most expensive hotels. But then, once I learned, I stopped dating, so whatever.
The room smelled a bit of bleach — I opened the window to let some air in. The smoke of the coal from the trains came in. The whistle of the train and the clacking of the axles relaxed me. I always slept well in this place, with the windows open, feeling the alchemical wonder near me.
When he knocked, I opened the door. He tried to hug me, but I wouldn't let him. I may want his help, but I was still angry at him.
Chapter 6 

Sergeant (at least he was three years ago — he's probably been promoted since) Taylor was the same as ever. He had the same confident, beautiful smile — the one that made me wonder if he could be my companion. Alas.
I escorted him inside, and we sat at the sofa, and I poured some coffee into the cups on the coffee table. This was a business meeting, the hotel room had been chosen for privacy.
"You look good," he said, still smiling. "You're in your fourth year, right? How is it going for you? Is that old fool, Prof. Derwen, still bothering you?"
Of course he remembered. I'd complained to him — perhaps oversharing way too much — about everything back then. Being strong, doing double the work — none of my peers accepted me or wanted to work with me, and I always ended up doing group work alone — meant I sometimes needed some comfort. And he was always available. Of course, a busy, ambitious, masculine man always being emotionally available and present should have been enough of a warning sign, but I was an idiot then.
"No, not anymore. I've learned to deal with people like him. And you? Are you still a Sergeant?"
He smiled.
"No, I'm a Detective now."
"Wait, Detective? Isn't that a big jump — in three years? Don't you have to do something exceptional to get promoted out of the typical timeframe?"
"Well, I worked very hard after we broke up. You did break up with me very suddenly. You didn't even listen to what I had to say."
"Well, there wasn't anything you could have said that would have made it OK for you to spy on me."
"I wasn't. Not anymore. Not by the time we broke up."
"Oh, and that somehow makes it OK. You were spying on me before we slept together! And then you told your superiors you were in a relationship."
"It was exactly like that."
"Look, I wouldn't have had sex with you if I didn't trust you already. And you were screwing me before we had sex. I don't like that. You were fake from the beginning. The relationship was fake. I'm not sure I even ever got to meet the real you. Because that's the thing, isn't it? Once you spent months managing me, as if I was an asset or something, you had created a certain image of yourself. And you had to keep it up. So, even when you stopped reporting, you were still fake. You didn't tell me the truth — instead you waited until I figured it out. How could I trust you?"
I had been thinking about it, over the years, too much. Why did he do it? Did he report everything? In the end, I just decided none of the possible scenarios would have been OK for me. I didn't want a spy in my bed.
"By the time I realized I had been wrong, it was too late,” he said, slumping in his chair. "And you wouldn't give me a chance."
"A chance for what?"
"To start over again. This time, no management, no psychology tricks, no reports, just you and me."
I was skeptical. 
"If you wanted to start over, why didn't you come to me, explain everything, tell me all of that? Why did you wait until now?"
"Because you wouldn't have listened to me. And this time, you called me. And it seems you aren't over me." He tried to take my hand, but I didn't let him.
"Which reminds me. The reason I called you. Have you looked into Prof. Bedwen?"
"I did. I won't ask you why you're curious about him, although I have my suppositions. Prof. Bedwen was quite a successful man in Ecton. With a lot of contacts. I couldn't access the documents under the gag order — when I checked in the police archives, they were just gone. No trace."
"Ah." That was disappointing. I would have to discover more by observing the old man. Trying to find out everything by using my ex may have been too lazy. "Well, I guess that's it. Was there anything else you found?"
"I didn't find out much about him. But I did recently find out something about you."
"About me?"
"I recently saw your name relating to a project by the Intelligence Corps."
"Don't you work for the police?"
"I do. They were running a background check on you. A really thorough background check."
"Ah." I didn't think they would do that before I accepted the job. But then, I guess that's expected. It's not like they would find anything compromising. Other than my father coming to Kalmar illegally, there weren't any relevant facts in my family history. And my parents' marriage had legalized his status ages ago. He even became a citizen; swore an oath to the Republic too. 
There was silence. There wasn't much else to say, and I was about to stand up. He'd been musing something, because he also stood up.
"When they offered me to watch you, I received training. They told us all about dark arall, how magic shapes your character, which weaknesses it creates. I won't use them on you anymore. I promise you that."
"They're not that effective when the subject's aware, aren't they?" I asked.
He shook his head.
"No, they're effective. Magic creates easily exploitable weaknesses. Even when you know about them. Only older mages can resist it."
I never wanted to have magic, wasn't planning on learning it, but I still had to suffer the downsides. Great.
"Why are you telling me this?"
"I know you have a grudge. Unresolved feelings. You still feel angry about what happened. I could manipulate you into forgetting it, but I won't. Instead, I'd like you to forgive me for real. Like you dark arall do; the old-fashioned way."
Dark arall are not known for forgiveness. There are, however, ways we've learned to deal with affronts without vengeance. Could he be…
"Are you offering a weregild?"
"Yes."
This was the first time anybody offered me a weregild. Nobody had wronged me like that, either. 
"You do understand that forgiveness doesn't mean we get back together, do you?"
"Yes."
"So why are you willing to pay me a weregild? I wasn't going to avenge my honor or anything like that."
"I told you. I want to start over. A clean slate. And after you forgive me, I could try again."
"Let me think about the payment. It will have to be something more substantial than what you brought me today, though."
He nodded. I put my coat back on and left, this time without looking back.
#
Arall people, male and female, belong to their magic first. Our identity, character, status, moods, are all based on the tonality of our magic. The strength of the magic actually doesn't matter that much when it comes to its influence on us. Magic is spread through our bodies when we grow, it shapes us; it changes who we are. It magnifies certain feelings, desires. 
I can't change who I am, nor do I want to: magic is too integral a part of me. I never wanted to go through Initiation and learn to use it, as I didn’t see the point. I have loved alchemy since I was a kid. I didn't want to stop being an alchemist, and I was afraid magic would consume it. And for what? To become another mediocre mage?
But who I am is not the most pleasant person to be around, to be honest. My family loves me and is used to my quirks, but I only have one friend, Joe, who was my teammate during a course and seems to stick to me in class. Whenever we have group work assigned, I tend to let him slack off, mostly because I don't like sharing — not even sharing work.
And I never had a lover who liked me for myself, either. Jack had hurt me deeply when I learned he was spying on me, that he was managing me. And that all the men before him, had been too. That nobody wanted to be with me, even when they were paid to do so. Everybody before him had broken up with me. He had been the first and last I broke up with.
And now he seems to want to go back with me. Probably because his superiors asked him to — in light of this project I was now involved with — manage me again. Well, this time, I wouldn't let my feelings get the best of me. That outburst, that expression of real feelings, would be the last one. I was going to use him now. For as long as his superiors wanted something from me, I could get things from him — information, advice, help. A weregild, he said? Ha! I was certainly going to get that — from his superiors.
#
As it seemed like I wasn't going to get any info the easy way, I spent the whole day working. Putting the notes and scribbled ideas into one coherent, solid unit took me the whole weekend. But I still did it, because I wanted to learn more about my grandfather. And to do that, I would have to stay close to him. My thesis plan was going to be really solid. After I put him in a tight spot during my presentation, I had to show him that I wasn't all about murky shenanigans, that I was willing to put in the work, too. So I didn't sleep that much, but, by Monday, my plan was ready.
When I sat in the class, in the same spot (this time, they kept it for me), I was quite surprised to see Prof. Derwen enter the class. The course only had one lecturer on it, and the schedule didn't mention anything about a different lecturer. In fact (I checked my notes again) we had a lecture by Prof. Bedwen scheduled again.
Prof. Derwen glanced around the class and took out the attendance sheet.
"As Prof. Bedwen can't give a lecture today, he assigned some independent study. I'll write the materials you're supposed to write an essay about on the blackboard. But before that, I'll check attendance, to make sure everybody came."
After a couple of minutes of attendance checks (seriously, what's with these guys? None of the other classes ever checked attendance at lectures), the class copied the notes on the blackboard and departed. This time, instead of dwindling, I purposefully strode through the rows towards Prof. Derwen.
"Prof. Derwen," I called, as he collected his things and headed to the door.
He turned around.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen. There you are. I heard you had an appointment with Prof. Bedwen, right? About your thesis topic. Prof. Bedwen said you could just tell me. I could be your co-supervisor."
The whole point of this thesis was to spend more time with my grandfather. The last thing I wanted was to have to write the thesis and spend more time with Prof. Derwen.
"Respectfully, sir," anytime you start a phrase with 'respectfully', it's not, and I wasn't going to be. "I approached Prof. Bedwen because of his vast experience. I want to work with him. If I'd wanted to work with you, I would have asked you. If Prof. Bedwen is too busy to supervise me, I'll have to rethink the thesis topic. Have a good day."
#
If Prof. Bedwen didn't come to the meeting, I would go to him. I didn't spend an all-nighter preparing all the work just to be ignored. Besides, it gave me an excuse to go to his home.
I'd already found where his home was when I was looking into the info about him. His house was walking distance from the university, so I went to his house, carefully navigating the slippery ice on the sidewalks. Thanks to the ice, the streets smelled nice, without the stench of rotten garbage we get in the summer. Every season has its benefits.
Prof. Bedwen lived in university housing. Those houses were temporary, so I was quite surprised that he hadn't found something more permanent yet. He could certainly afford it, at least according to the info I had collected on him.
When I knocked, a frazzled, but very stocky housekeeper opened the door. 
"Good morning. Where is Prof. Bedwen? I am meeting him this morning." Being assertive is key in navigating people whose job description is to not let you meet the boss.
She put her hands at her hips, ready to fight.
"Prof. Bedwen is unwell. He isn't taking any visitors."
I squeezed my way inside. The housekeeper may be strong, but she's no match to me. The entrance led to a grand staircase. I headed upstairs, with the housekeeper beside me.
"But he told me to come to see him. I'm sure he won't mind," I said, running up the stairs. I felt the housekeepers' breath behind me. Something felt fishy.
As I went through the corridor, I kept opening the doors, looking for my grandfather. 
"Prof. Bedwen is not here. This corridor is reserved for…" and then she stopped as if realizing she said too much.
Who else was living here? Was it my uncle? I heard a noise from one of the doors, so I headed towards that door. The housekeepers' feeble attempts couldn't stop me. I opened the door and pushed myself inside, with the housekeeper on top of me, trying to stop me from coming in.
#
The man inside the room, whom my grandfather was trying to calm, did indeed look very similar to mother. Unlike my brothers, who were more of a copy of my father and grandfather, I guess my mother and her brother were copies of their mother? Because they certainly didn't look too much like my grandfather.
Grandpa was holding my uncle down and trying to feed him. He seemed to be refusing to eat. They both looked up when we came in. 
"Professor!" I said, ignoring his look. "There you are! I've been looking all morning for you. Now, let me help you with this, so we can have our meeting."
"I'm sorry, Sir," apologized the housekeeper. "I tried to stop her, but she didn't listen. Should I call the groomsmen to kick her out?"
"Don't worry, Betty," he said wryly. "It's not like you could have stopped her. Miss Bedwen, since you're offering to help, why don't you hold my son?"
I approached the bed. My uncle was staring at me, curious. 
"Are you here to play with me?" he asked.
I paused. This man didn't look crazy. He rather looked… like a child. A three-year-old child in an adult's body, sure, but like a normal child. His curious gaze showed an intelligence atypical to those born mentally challenged. There were only two reasons why an adult man could be like that. One, he was born like that. Two, his identity had been deleted, and it seemed like it was the second. 
"Of course. If you're a big boy and eat your…" I checked the plate's contents, "porridge, I'll play with you. Would you like to play with trains or would you like to paint?"
"Trains! I don't like porridge. It's disgusting," he curved his lip in disgust like my brother did whenever we fed him porridge. He eventually started liking it when we started adding jam to it.
"Let me tell you a secret," I said, displacing my grandpa, who let me do it, with a look of apprehensive fascination in his face. "Porridge is actually delicious. It needs a secret ingredient though." I looked at the housekeeper. "Could you bring some redcurrant jam, please? And some more porridge."
She looked at me, but after a nod from grandpa, she left, puffing.
I grabbed his hand and shook it.
"I'm Dana. You can call me Dan. What's your name?"
"Billie. I like your name. Are you papa's friend? Do you like trains?"
"I am your papa's friend. He invited me because I am a specialist on trains. I know how all of them work."
"All of them? Even the Leopard?"
"How could I not know about the fastest train ever? The only issue with the Leopard trains is with the radius of the railway. It can go so fast, it would derail in most curves. Do you have a Leopard?" As a child, I used to make model trains myself, by machining parts in my father's shop. The toy models sold in the store were too expensive for us. I'd seen the little toy high-speed Leopard train (with special toy rails) when shopping for gifts for my brothers, but considering my brothers never liked trains, and I was too old for them, I didn't buy it. But I'd always wanted one. And building toy trains as an adult seemed so… undignified.
"I do! I will show you how to play it." He was looking quite excited. 
The housekeeper then came, with redcurrant jam on a tray. It was my brothers' favorite. I never could understand how they liked that bittersweet red goo, but putting redcurrant jam on anything was the best way to make them eat. Maybe it works for all little boys in the family.
"Now, Billie. I will add the secret ingredient to the porridge. You should eat all the porridge before we play."
"OK, Dan. But you promised you'd play." He obediently opened his mouth as I gave him a tablespoon of porridge with jam. "It's delicious!"
"Sure it is."
Seeing the skeptic look my grandfather darted at the goo-porridge mix, my family's affinity for redcurrant must come from grandma. Me, I'm like father; he never liked redcurrant jam either. 
"Now that Papa knows the secret ingredient, they can make it again for you."
Billie obediently ate all the non-scattered porridge I gave him, while I helped myself to some redcurrant-free porridge. I love free food; besides, I hadn't had lunch yet. When he showed me his train set, I was as happy as he was. Train models are just great. They're no match for the real thing, but close.
Chapter 7

"So, Miss Bedwen. Have you learned what you wanted to learn?" grandpa asked me. "Because that's the reason you approached me, right? Not the thesis, the topic of which you came up with after meeting me."
"Billie is such a nice boy. He's got a great train set. It would be great if I can come to play with him again."
"It's quite weird to refer to an old man as a 'boy', Miss Bedwen. And I don't remember inviting you. I didn't invite you to come today, either."
"But you did! You said we'd have a meeting after class on Monday. You just didn't specify the location. So we're having a meeting after class on Monday. In your home. Since that's where you are." Being confident and oblivious is key here. He knows I'm not that stupid, but he can't make me admit that.
"OK, Miss Bedwen. I'll grant you that. Did you bring your proposal?"
I handed him the proposal. He started reading it, quickly scribbling notes on the margins. I sat in the chair, looking around. The room was sparsely furnished, with no personal touches. It looked like the temporary accommodation it was. The room was heated by a fireplace, which filled the room with warmth and red light, although the main source of light were the gas lamps on the walls. It smelled of a mix of tobacco, whiskey, and smoke. Considering I didn't see any ashtrays around, it probably came from previous tenants. The only personal items were the books on the bookshelf. I stood up and observed the spines. It was a collection of law and history, with no fiction whatsoever. 
Grandpa was quick at reading the proposal. I was still going through the titles, trying to see if there was anything remotely interesting among his books (there wasn't) when he went through the last page. He then proceeded to tear the whole proposal apart.
At the end of the discussion, when I had run out of ideas (and even excuses), I was feeling a bit defeated. All the criticism was good, because, frankly, neither the law nor ancient history were topics I knew much about. The only thing that was keeping me interested in my own work was the connection to alchemy. 
"So, Prof. Bedwen," I asked after he asked me a particularly hard question about how I would control for the effect of culture vs. the law in facilitating alchemical development, which I wasn't able to answer satisfactorily. "Will you still be my supervisor?"
"Well, of course I will be. You said so during your presentation, remember? But, Miss Bedwen," his voice turned a bit ominous’ " don't think, for a second, that you can use my personal life to get any concessions. While I don't particularly want everybody to talk about me, there is nothing shameful in my life."
"I don't, Professor."
"Good. We're done, then."
"Well…" I said. "I think it would be nice if I could stay for dinner, Sir. I'm sure Billie will be happy to see me at the dinner table."
He seemed amused at my self-invitation.
"Miss Bedwen," he said, his eyebrows rising, "your impudence knows no limits, does it? OK, you can stay for dinner. But don't try to stay the night."
"Oh, don't worry, sir. I have a room in the dorms. It's quite close from here. I can sleep there and come for breakfast tomorrow."
"And why would you do that?"
"To save money, sir. As you know, the scholarship does not cover living costs. And I haven't found a job yet. Feeding me is in the interest of our research project. If I have to get a part-time job, it will harm the research. Besides, Billie sure enjoys the company. He told me he'd love to eat with me."
"Billie told you that?"
"He also mentioned he'd like to learn to use the utensils. I'm sure you won't mind me teaching him?"
#
When the cheeky (and nosy) student left, the housekeeper, who had been working for the Bedwen family all her life, and had even followed the family to Ashford, brought a tray of tea to the living room. After putting it on the coffee table, in front of the armchair Prof. Bedwen sat in during the evenings, she paused.
"Mr. Bedwen. I'm really sorry to ask, but… why didn't you kick her out as soon as she broke into the house? You certainly could have. That story about the meeting for the thesis was all bogus. Besides, you don't have to accept students. Why did you allow her to spend hours playing trains with your son? And then invite herself to dinner?"
"Billie likes her, Bettie. Have you seen him eat like that? As long as Miss Bedwen wants something from me, and I assure you it's not writing this project, she'll be nice to him. Having her come here will help me keep an eye on her, find out what it is she wants."
"What if she wants to harm your family, sir?"
"I can handle myself. And she won't harm Billie."
"Well, sir, she might like him, but she could be faking it. Dark arall are known to be quite cruel." The housekeeper had grown in a family that had served the Inquisition for generations; she'd always been skeptical about the Reformation, despite her master's current leanings.
"Sure they are. But never to children. Not because of morality — attacking children for revenge is considered a sign of weakness."
"But Billie is not a child, sir. Mentally, he may be, but physically, he's not."
"Miss Bedwen sees Billie as a child. And, for as long as she does, Billie is safe." Seeing the skeptical look on the housekeeper's face, he tried to assuage her. "You can keep an eye on her. If you want, you can keep observing Miss Bedwen all the time she's not in my presence."
That was the biggest concession the housekeeper could get out of Prof. Bedwen, so she headed towards the door.
"And Bettie," he said, and she turned. "Make sure to prepare breakfast for three tomorrow. And serve it in the living room. With adult utensils."
"For three, sir?"
"Miss Bedwen is coming for breakfast."
#
To my surprise, when I came to Prof. Bedwen's house on Tuesday morning, the housekeeper opened the door for me. She even let me in.
"I came to have breakfast with Billie," I informed her, taking off my coat and gloves. She collected them from me, stiffly.
"Of course. Please follow me." She said, after giving my clothes to a maid, and escorting me to the dining room.
Breakfast had been served. Grandpa was sitting, reading the newspaper. Billie was sitting at the table, drumming the fork on the table.
"Dana! You came!" he said, eagerly standing up.
Grandpa looked over his newspaper.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen. There you are. Billie didn't want to start breakfast without you. Please sit down. Bettie, you can serve breakfast."
Billie ate breakfast like a champ. I helped him manage the fork and knife, like I did with my brothers. The boys had learned quickly, and so did Billie. He excitedly talked about his plans for the day (playing with trains) and asked me whether I would join him. I explained I had to go to school, but I would certainly be back for dinner, and he could tell me all about his day. His enthusiasm lessened, but he still remained chirpy.
It was very weird. Why was I taking care of a grown-ass man who was like a child? Yes, he was my uncle, but it's not like I'd ever known him. I resorted to the explanation I had found yesterday: as grandpa's son, he was the heir, so if I wanted to help my brothers inherit, it would be good to stay on good terms with him. Ideally, I'd be his guardian, which would grant me access to his money, as well. Yes, that was it. It wasn't because of the do-goodery and respect of family my father had inculcated in me. It definitely wasn't because I missed my family and this child-like man who was so similar to mother reminded me of them.
After breakfast, grandpa, who'd been observing the whole thing without uttering a single word, stood up.
"Now, Billie, it's time for papa to go to work, and time for Miss Bedwen to go to her classes. Miss Bedwen, please come with me."
I stood up.
"I am going then. Have a nice day, Billie. Listen to Auntie Bettie. I will see if you were a good boy tonight."
"Bye, Dana. Have a nice day."
#
As I headed to the door, where the maid gave me the coat and gloves, grandpa went with me.
"I hope you don't intend to come to this house daily, Miss Bedwen."
I wasn't, but now I was. I loved going against expectations.
"Why not? I'm sure Billie would like it. He seems to like company."
"Doesn't a young lady like you have many more entertaining ways to spend her days than to spend them with an elderly man and a grown-bodied child? It would be bad if Billie gets attached to you and you stop coming."
"No need to worry, Prof. Bedwen. I've got two years of study left. It would certainly be nice to have free meals until I get a job."
He seemed amused. 
"OK then, Miss Bedwen. Go to class now. I'm sure you have many things to learn."
#
I didn't have classes in the morning, but I did have many things to learn. The first thing I did was head to the library again and look for books on mental magic. To my disappointment, most of them were banned.
"It's not like I could use the magic anyway, as a dark arall. Only trained magicians could do it. And what's the point of banning those books? It's not like anybody learns magic from books." Complex magic still gets taught more in an apprenticeship system than from books and lectures. Students need to get individual training from experts. You couldn't learn stuff like that from books, not without maybe killing yourself in the process.
"Exactly. Why do you want them, anyway? And don't tell me it's for a thesis. You can't have that many thesis topics. Besides, the school wouldn't approve such a topic." The librarian seemed to want to avenge the hours of research I made her do on my behalf by being difficult.
"I'm just trying to learn about the effects of mental magic on people. If I understand it, maybe I can reverse it. You know, what light magic does, the dark undoes."
"Miss Bedwen. You are too educated to know that that common saying is not true. There is no undoing mental magic. Many have tried before you."
"And how many among them were dark arall alchemists? Look, I know this is hard. But I need to at least see if there's anything that can be done. Maybe, if I combine alchemical analysis with dark magic, I can become famous for destroying light mages' most powerful weapon. That would certainly make me a Magister of magic. Or maybe an Archmage. Imagine that."
"Well, I can't give you any books on mental magic, as much as I understand your lofty ambition. But you could look into the Healing section. There may be a few books on the attempts to cure mental magic's effects. You'll see it's impossible."
Impossible or not, I don't let others tell me stuff without trying to make conclusions for myself. I need to learn everything about mental magic and how to counteract it. If grandpa did that to Billie, to protect my family from him, and if he didn’t, to protect my family from whoever did it. 
#
I'd never bothered learning about Healing magic. Never saw the point in learning about something I couldn't do, ever, not even potentially. Dark magic, I can't do until I'm properly trained and Initiated; light magic is beyond my reach, forever.
Turns out light magic uses a different system for annotating magic. I could never see light magic anyway, no dark arall can. We can only sense light magic, not see it. The good thing is, light arall can't see our magic either. The few exceptions of universal magic, which both can do and see, are rather the exception than the rule. 
So, before I could even check out anything on Healing and mental magic, I had to get an introduction on light magic. But I wouldn’t be caught dead in the light magic department. People might say I'm a universal mage. To dark arall, being in any way associated or compared to light arall is one of the gravest insults. And the best way to ruin my reputation was to find a way to check out many books on light magic in private. 
Chapter 8

Back at grandpa's house, the housekeeper was eyeing me suspiciously.
"I'm here to read some literature on the project I'm working on with Prof. Bedwen. He is too busy, but I'm sure he'll be OK when I ask him at dinner."
The housekeeper just stared at me, probably amazed at my chutzpah. I stared back at her, calmly. I was invited for dinner at this house after all (this time). What harm could it possibly make to come read some books in my supervisor's library? I'm sure he doesn't hold anything too valuable anywhere that can be accessed without his explicit permission.
She seemed to think the same thing, because she escorted me to the library, showing me which bookshelves were available to guests (that was easy — the ones that weren't locked).
It's not like my grandfather's personal library contained many books that weren't available in the university library. That would be impossible. No man would have the resources to match an institution like the university. No, I came here for privacy.
Although my grandfather's library was full of references to light magic, there weren't any books on dark magic, so I had to write down the typical dark notation by memory. I should borrow a book from the library on dark magic notation. I would also bring my notes from the courses I had attended. But for now, I was trying to find a way to translate light notation into dark notation. I couldn't find anything on it. I should ask Prof. Bedwen about it. For now, I was focusing on the parts of magic that were universal and their notation. It's incredible how different the notation of the same spell can be in different systems. And the units — the units were different. Either their energy units are completely different and much lower, or light mages required a lot more energy to do the same thing. Could that be a thing?
I started making a table on the magical units spent on each spell, with a column for light magic, and a column for dark magic. It seemed like light mages had to spend a lot more effort on the universal parts of magic than dark ones did, relative to the units they spent on the spells of their color.
I also copied a lot of the structures and tried re-drawing them as if it was dark magic. I then started seeing things. I could see magic leaking from the sieve-like structures. But that couldn't be. Surely, the light magicians had checked the scientific advances made in dark magic? If they did the proper math, they would definitely see that the spells they were casting were experiencing lots of friction.
Maybe light mages were just bad at universal magic. So, I had to find another way to translate light magic into dark magic notation. I decided to attack it through the field I knew best: alchemy. In the end, magic works by having an effect on the physical world. And the units of energy needed to change things in the physical world have been measured and calculated by alchemists generations ago.
I could measure magical energy by estimating how much magic was required to melt ice, stuff like that. But the issue seemed to be that magic measurements are quite inaccurate. I mean, they estimated the magical energy units required to boil a liter of water from room temperature (what's that — is it a cold day? A warm day?), as somewhere between 3 and 5 units of energy — depending on a mage's experience. Something alchemists have measured — to the tenth of a unit — they still aren't able to measure with any level of success.
"It seems there's an error in your calculations, Miss Bedwen." I suddenly heard behind me. I had been so deep in thought, I hadn’t noticed anybody behind me. So somebody had sneaked behind me. But then, Prof. Bedwen had the absolute right to be in his home library, whereas I… didn't.
I turned around and looked up. He was quite close and got closer. Now, he was leaning into me, impossible to ignore, looking at my notes. He even turned a few pages back, going over my shoulder.
"I see you are trying to create a unified language of magic," he observed. "A good attempt, Miss Bedwen. As far as I know, previous attempts weren't done by equating magical energy to alchemical energy. It might even work."
"Previous attempts?" don't tell me nobody had tried to formalize magical units. Alchemists had done it two centuries ago. No wonder I always preferred alchemy to magic. Magic is just so… backward.
"The Inquisition tried, as an attempt to formalize magic, to measure it and to standardize it. Thanks to their efforts, magic moved from an apprenticeship system to teaching in universities. They haven't been able to find ways to universalize magic, though."
Of course the Inquisition tried to not just eliminate dark mages, but the need for them.
"Well, if current Inquisition sympathizers are anything to go by, it's not surprising they didn't manage much." My opinion of Inquisitors had always been low.
"Don't say that. Remember, the Inquisition was the most powerful organization 500 years ago until the Reformation. They even had dark mages amongst them. To combat other dark mages, of course."
Why any dark arall in their right mind would join the Inquisition was a mystery to me. But then, the Inquisition was full of people whose talent had been to play with people's minds.
"And where may I see those documents?"
"In the Inquisition Archives, of course. The main one happens to be in Ashford. You know, before they moved the capital to Ecton, Ashford was their center. Closer to the action. But most of the contents won't be open to the public. Not even to me. You probably need a security clearance for that; most of it is top-secret."
I sighed. It seemed like every time I tried to learn anything, there was another layer of knowledge made secret by the government. First the knowledge about secret civilizations, then information about mental magic, and now the information on the dark and light magic similarities. I froze, my mind rambling.
"Why do you want to learn this, anyway? Even as broadly as you stated it, it doesn't seem like it resembles the topic of your thesis."
The topic of my thesis… which I'd started to gain info about government secrets on alchemically superior civilizations… (besides being close to my grandfather, that is) from which I'd jumped to light magic, and then mental magic… It wasn't unusual for me to dig into a topic and end up in a rabbit hole, going into completely different paths. I may be an alchemist, but I'm also a dark arall; I can only exert effort to study that which interests me at the moment. Alchemy was just one of my deepest interests. But with this, I'd been jumping from topic to topic, without going deep, trying to understand the whole world. To avoid signing up for the government service. For work that I was already doing.
They had hooked me already, there was no denying it. It seemed like I would already do the work, anyway. Might as well get paid for it and get permission to study all the sources. And if I could use the position to help my family… It's not like peeking into the Inquisition Archives is corruption, isn't it?
"Miss Bedwen… Miss Bedwen! Are you all right?" I heard the shout as I felt my shoulder being shaken. I regained conscience, my mind back at the topic.
"Sorry, Prof. Bedwen. I was just thinking."
"Thinking what?"
"About dinner. All this thinking made me hungry. Will there be red meat for dinner? I know you don't like it, but Billie and I may eat it. I'm feeling like eating beef."
"You'll have to ask Bettie." He knew I was trying to change the subject; there's no way I can fool such an experienced person. But he let me do it. "Now, I guess since you're that hungry, we should go have dinner. I'm sure Billie is waiting. Now, before we go, could you please put the books back to their places? I don't have an issue with you using them, but I’d like you to put them back."
"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."
#
I called the Captain on the number he gave me.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen. I see you're answering before the deadline. I guess the answer will be positive then." He was quite cheerful as he said it.
"I have conditions."
His voice became weary.
"Conditions?"
"Yes. I'd like to continue being a student. I have many academic commitments, and I'd like to continue them."
"Of course, Miss Bedwen. We would like you to finish your education." He seemed quite relieved.
"And I'd like to have access to the Inquisition Archives. And all documents related to the study of magic."
There was a pause.
"Miss Bedwen. There aren't any mentions of what we're looking for in the Archives. We've checked."
"Captain," he wasn't fooling me for a second, "I will not waste my time doing research that has already been done. And to make sure it wasn't, I'd like access to all the documentation on magic that has been done."
If I was going to lose my liberty and privacy, it should at least help me protect my family. And I needed information. On what had happened to Billie. Who had done that. How it could be avoided in the future.
Another pause.
"OK, Miss Bedwen. You'll have it. Access to the Inquisition Archives. After you sign a confidentiality agreement. Supervised access." Having a spy accompanying me at all times was bad, but it's not like that was unexpected.
"OK. Deal. When should I start, then?"
"Next week. After you sign a confidentiality agreement."
#
"Why did you invite me here?" Jack asked, standing beside me in the Commencement Ball. I'd never gone to it before, as it was a black-tie event, and thus required a dress. 
"Because you look dashing in your uniform. Why did you have to wear civilian clothing?" I was actually wearing a dress. I had selected the least revealing long dress I could find, and wore boots underneath it. I'd wear a dress if I had to (but this was the first time, outside of home, I'd ever done it), but heels was something I wasn't willing to compromise on.
"We're not the army. Police officers aren't supposed to wear mess dress to outside work events. I'm here in my private capacity, after all. Which reminds me. Why did you invite me?"
"Because I needed a companion. I can't come to an event like that alone, you know. It's not done."
"Well, they don't seem to be bothered." He said, nodding towards some freshmen girls, eagerly flirting with some boys.
"If I come alone, I'll get invited to dance. And I don't want to dance."
He took a couple of champagne glasses from the tray a waiter was carrying and gave me one.
"Why come to a ball, if not to dance? As your companion, I can't let you spend the whole evening without a dance."
"OK, we'll dance. A contradance." Holding hands and jumping around is silly enough, but at least it doesn't require too many skills. And it was a dance practiced in Crow Hill, unlike the waltz. And it wasn't too gendered.
"A waltz."
"Don't push it. A contradance and a quadrille."
"Deal. So why did you come?"
"Not your business." I'd come as a part of my stalking my grandfather plan. I wasn't getting anything remotely interesting from observing him at his home, or in class. Since lecturers were supposed to come, I decided to observe him in a more relaxed environment. And maybe, if he got drunk enough, I could get something out of him. That was the idea, at least. I had to stay sober for that, though, so I only took a small sip.
"Can I consider this as part of my repayment?" Jack asked.
"No. Don't be cheap. Didn't you say you want a blank slate, and all that? I thought you might want to see me in a dress. But if you don't, feel free to leave. I'm not forcing you to stay."
"Oh, I do like seeing you in a dress." He looked at my chest appreciatively. Despite it being not that revealing, it was much tighter than the layers of thick clothes I was used to wearing. Fitted clothes were not something typical in an alchemists' attire. The health and safety inspectors were monsters; they'd eat you alive for something as silly as wearing a fitted dress to the lab. And what's the point of wearing a nice dress if it's going to be under layers of protective coating?
"Hey, Dan. How come you're here? In a dress, no less." I suddenly heard behind me. I turned around.
"Joe! You, in a fresher's ball? How come?"
He was looking fine in the custom-made suit. You could really see that his family had money by his attire. I was more used to hear him bragging, but he usually went around wearing alchemists' usual attire of good quality, durable but practical clothing that doesn't stain. The silk suit he was wearing definitely stained easily.
"That's a question more appropriate for you, actually. I come here every year. To check out the new girls. Never seen you here before, though. Actually, I've never seen you in a dress." He glanced at my dress, making me slightly uncomfortable. But as his eyes went down, he noticed Jack's hand at my waist, and he looked at Jack. "How come he's here? Outsiders are not invited."
"He's my plus one."
"So, are you back with him? After everything he did." Joe never liked Jack, from the beginning. I asked him after I broke up with him whether it was because he was a spy, but he told me he just had a bad gut feeling. His gut feelings must have been pretty accurate, considering he never liked any of the suitors I had before Jack, either.
"He's just my companion for tonight. Didn't want to come alone. If I'd known you were coming, I would have come with you."
"Why don't you ditch him, then? I'll be good. I'll even dance with you."
"I already promised him two dances. I don't have it in me to dance more, so I'll pass. Besides, I thought you came here to pick up girls. And I'd be a terrible wingwoman."
"That you'd be." He looked at Jack. "Don't hurt her anymore. If you try to pull any of the things you did three years ago, I won't let it slide." 
"Hey! I can defend myself fine. I could beat your ass, for starters." I pointed at Jack, "his, too. Police don't know how to street fight."
I never liked men trying to protect me. Somebody protecting me meant they were stronger. That I was weaker. And I wasn't. Not physically, not mentally. I may be a fool when it comes to love, but I certainly could beat most men in a non-magical fight.
"Really?" asked Jack. "I wouldn't be so sure."
I turned around. What was the deal with him? He'd seen me in a bar fight (after advising me, multiple times, not to). He'd also rescued me from the police station after the guys I fought with ended up with rib fractures and severe bruises.
"Well, would you like to test it? I can come to your training place one of these days. Wouldn't want to attack a police officer outside of it. You could arrest me."
"That would be nice." Whether the nice thing would be training with me, or arresting me was left unsaid.
Chapter 9

I did dance the contradance and the quadrille. I'd promised it, after all. I'd never been a very good dancer, but mother had taught me some moves, and I did passably well. I hadn't stopped observing grandpa though. He'd been drinking. Socializing with other professors, students, eating the snacks — and drinking glass after glass of champagne. When he took a shot of liquor the waiter was carrying (for mages — the height of irresponsibility. What were the organizers thinking?), and none of his colleagues did anything to stop him, I decided it was enough.
Hard liquor was dangerous to magicals in a way that more diluted alcohol wasn't. It made magicals lose control.
I went towards him. As he was about to take a sip, I took it from him and handed it to Jack, who had followed me.
"Professor. Since I've met your family, I'd like you to meet my boyfriend. Detective Jack Taylor."
Jack, who'd been promoted from companion to boyfriend, downed the shot glass, and left it at an empty tray under my grandfather's stare. He then extended his hand.
"I'm so glad to meet my girlfriend's supervisor. Dana has told me a lot about you and the research, sir. She's very excited."
"Is she?" he said, looking around, trying to find another glass. I had to distract him.
"Now, sir, before we leave, I think it would be nice if we could dance one dance? Jack won't mind."
"That might be inappropriate, Miss Bedwen. I'm your teacher, after all."
"It's just a contradance, Professor. Or are you feeling too bad? In that case, let me escort you home."
If he'd been sober, I wouldn't have been able to manipulate him so easily, but he was very drunk. That might be helpful. Now, I had to just get him out of here.
"I'm fine. I'm perfectly fine. Let's dance!" he said, grabbing my arm. I might get a bruise tomorrow.
During the dance, he actually managed to go in circles, hold and release hands, and dance passably enough. Most people were also a bit drunk, so he wasn't worse than most of them. By the end of it, I had managed to get him quite close to the exit, and gently pushed him toward the door. Jack, smart guy, had collected our coats and called a cab by now.
Grandpa had only realized I was taking him outside once he felt the cold air on him. 
"Why are we leaving? The party's not over!"
And he collapsed on me.
#
By the time the cab arrived at his home, he had regained enough conscience that Jack and I didn't have to carry all his weight. With each of us holding one of his arms, we carried him inside. The housekeeper, who'd opened the door as soon as the ring sounded, escorted us to his bedroom.
"Does he get like this often?" I asked her, as we laid him in the bed. She nodded. I turned to Jack. "You, go out, you've done all you could."
He seemed a bit offended, but he did leave. I made sure I heard the entrance door close. I turned back at the housekeeper.
"So, how frequently does this happen? Do you understand the dangers of alcohol for mages? Especially strong liquor."
"This is the first time." I could tell she was lying. She had been too calm and efficient when I brought him home, as if she'd dealt with that many times.
"I'll deal with you later. Now, help undress him. Let's take his boots first."
She helped me take his boots off, and we removed his jacket and belt. I then rolled him into the bed, covering him with the blanket.
"Bring him a glass of honey tea. But first, you and I will have a conversation."
#
As the housekeeper took me to the kitchen, we sat there with a pot of strong tea. She seemed on the verge of tears. I took a sip of tea, trying to figure out how to approach the issue.
"Do you know arall are not allowed strong liquor? Especially mages." She nodded. "Do you know why?"
She took the cup of tea, her hand shaking.
"Because they lose control of their magic."
"Exactly. A pint of beer, a glass of wine, or a bit of champagne. That's our limit. Hard liquor makes us do things like create sparkles. But for mages… Their magic channels are already formed. When they use magic, there's less friction. It's easier for them, and they tend to lose their ability to make decisions before they lose the ability to control it. It can be very dangerous. For him, and for everybody around him."
"I know!" she cried. "It's just… you know what they do with mages who've lost control. I can't… he's a good man, you know."
The standard procedure for mages who've lost control of their magic is to block their magic. They say it feels like losing a limb. Once mages lose magic, it goes downhill. Which is why it's understandable they didn't report him.
A servant burst into the kitchen.
"Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. Hughes! The master's lost control again!"
Again? He'd already lost control of the magic? I thought it hadn't happened yet. An unstable mage is terribly dangerous. I stood up.
"You!" I pointed a finger at the housekeeper. "We'll talk later. You!" looking at the maid. "Bring me some cream. I'll deal with it."
The girl gave me a shaky nod, and I went upstairs, taking my wallet out of my coat.
#
As I went into grandpa's bedroom, I could see things were bad. The bedside table was floating around, dancing. The lamps were glowing with a bright green light. The smell of lilies was distinct, and the bookshelf was jumping in a musical rhythm. One-two-three, one-two-three, one-two-three. Grandpa was laying in bed, with a sad, empty look on his face. The cream wasn't going to be enough. I had to calm him down a bit first.
My brothers had lost control of their magic a few times, so I was used to dealing with the loss of control. They were kids, though, and grandpa was an adult. I was going to use the same approach I used with them though. Hopefully, it would work.
I went towards him — he was too out of it to notice me, or didn't care — and sat on the bed next to him. I then put an arm behind him, hugging him, and started scratching the nape of his neck with my fingertips, in a massaging motion.
"Good boy. Dave's a very good boy. He always makes Dana proud. Look at the magic — so strong! I really like the green color. And the bookshelf is dancing — just like we danced today. Do you like dancing? I don't. I am very pretty in this dress though. Doesn't Dave like my pretty dress? It's purple — it seems black, but it's actually purple. Isn't it just so pretty? Would Dave prefer if it was green?" The point of talking nonsense, non-stop, is to distract him, to get his mind off the magic, to make him think about anything. 
He turned towards me. I had to stop hugging him, and just continued gently massaging the nape of his neck. That's the point where magic concentrates. He looked at my dress.
"I like your dress. It's very pretty." He said in a high pitch voice. There, I got him to interact with me.
"That's good! I'm really glad. Now, this is my only dress. You don't want to ruin my only dress, do you? I'd be disappointed."
His face contorted into a weird expression, and he jerked my hand off him. The bedside table started moving in circles, rather than just floating, and the bookshelf changed rhythm, and became faster. One-two-three, one, one-two-three, one, one-two-three, one. He was becoming more agitated. I'd obviously hit a nerve, but the wrong one.
I tried to touch him again, but he wouldn't let me. I had to figure out what the issue was.
"Is it because I said I'd be disappointed?" the bookshelf started jumping even faster. Yes, that was it. "Dave could never disappoint me. He's my grandpa! How could my grandpa disappoint me?"
His gaze, distracted before, focused on me.
"Grandpa?" he asked meditatively as if tasting the word.
"Yes, grandpa. I'm Claire's daughter. Remember Claire? You have a daughter, Claire. She'd be unhappy to see you like that. Don't you want to make Claire happy?"
"Claire?" his eyes became watery. The window opened, the cold air freezing the room. The adrenaline flowing through my blood didn't let me feel the cold, though. "Claire's dead! Dead! It's all my fault…"
It was bad. It seemed like I would have to lay all the cards on the table, or I'd have no grandpa. And as much as I didn’t trust him, I didn't want to lose him, either. Besides, my family was safe in Crow Hill. No stranger can come there unnoticed.
"She's not dead. How could she be dead when she had me? I'd know if my mother was dead, wouldn't I? Would you like to see a photo?"
"A photo?" he eyed me with suspicion. His voice was still high pitch, but the bedside table stopped moving, hovering an inch from the floor. The bookshelf slowed down, and the lamps returned to their normal color, with a slight greenish tinge. That's good.
I took the photo I carried around in my wallet. This time, he let me approach him. I sat again, massaging his head with my right hand while holding the photo with the left. He leaned towards me, letting me calm him.
"Look," I said, putting the photo in his hand, and putting my index finger on it. "That's mother — Claire. That's my father, and I'm standing just behind him. The ones sitting on the floor are my brothers. That's the eldest — Sam. He's twelve. He goes to middle school. When he starts high school, he may come to Ashford. Don't you want him to come to Ashford? He could stay with us. Living in the house. I'm sure Billie would like the company."
"I'd like that," he said, his voice becoming deeper. The furniture stopped moving, the bedside table falling to the floor. The thump it made probably alerted the housekeeper, who'd been waiting in the corridor instead of the maid. She came in, carrying a glass of cream.
"And what are their names?" he asked, pointing at my younger brothers, his voice completely normal, his face no longer child-like. The housekeeper gave me the glass. I tried to give it to him, but he didn't open his mouth.
"I'll tell you if you drink this glass," I said. He obediently opened his mouth and swallowed the cream. I stopped massaging his neck. Cream has a temporary effect in blocking diffuse magic. It won't stop a mage in full possession of his faculties from using magic, but it does make unconscious magic hard.
I tried to take the photo off his hands so I could point. He held firmly. I turned around. The housekeeper had probably overheard part of the conversation, but I didn't want her to hear any more than she already had.
"Please leave," I asked, as nicely as I could. "This is a private conversation. Besides, it's safer if you leave us alone. Could you please close the windows first, though? It will get cold."
She seemed shaken as she was closing the windows. It took her several tries to lock them. She then nervously nodded at me and left. I waited a couple of minutes after I heard her leaving before I continued.
"Well, that's Billie in the middle. He's eight. And that's Mikey. They really look like you. I look more like my father. But my brothers — they look exactly like you!"
He pointed the finger at the photo.
"Mikey. Billie. Sam. Claire." He kept repeating it, like a spell, staring at the photo under the tenuous light of the few lamps left. I tried to lay him down, but he refused. Since he was calm, and not doing anything, I took off my boots, and sat on the bed, with my back on the wall. Now that the adrenaline was gone, I felt bone tired. Surely, I could close my eyes for a bit. 
The exhaustion of the day did me, and I was soon floating in blissful sleep.
Chapter 10

When I woke up the next morning, I was laying in bed, still in grandpa’s room, my head on a pillow, covered by blankets. I was still dressed in the same dress as yesterday. But, with all the wrinkles and tears it had, it was unusable. I wondered how I would go to the dorm. I stood up. It was past sunrise, the room was brightly lit. It's rare for me to wake up so late, but I guess I was quite tired. I checked the bed. The photo wasn't there. I guess he remembered what I told him last night. My brothers didn't tend to remember the things I told them when their magic was out of control, but they were kids — and he was not.
I made myself as decent as I could, after having slept in the dress. I put it back on after bathing. My elaborate hairdo was a mess; disentangling it was a pain. I took out all the hairpins (how did I sleep with them? They're so uncomfortable) and used some lace to make a ponytail.
I then went down to the living room. Grandpa was there, sitting in an armchair, reading the newspaper. He'd already had breakfast, as there was only a portion for one left on the table.
"Good morning, Miss Bedwen. I asked Bettie to keep breakfast warm."
I nodded in thanks but didn't touch the food. Instead, I took a chair and sat in front of him.
"Breakfast can wait. There's something more important we should discuss… Gramps." Better to discuss the issue head-on. He knew about my family, about mother, about my brothers. I had told him the night before for his safety, throwing caution to the wind, but now I wasn't so sure it had been the right step. I had to be sure this wouldn't endanger my family. Otherwise, I would report him. As an unstable magician, he would have to face an inquiry. A tribunal of Healers would check him. Even if he managed to escape it, dealing with the trouble would make him too busy to engage in any shenanigans.
 Caerland was safe. But I still had to ensure this man would not harm those close to me, now or in the future.
He slowly folded the newspaper. The room was so silent, you could hear the rustling of the freshly ironed sheets of paper. He lay it aside.
"Are you sure you want to discuss it right now, Miss Bedwen?" he said, interlacing his fingers.
"Yep. I need to know saving you yesterday wasn't a mistake."
He looked past me, avoiding my gaze. Typical light arall behavior in conflicts.
"I still think you should have breakfast first, Miss Bedwen. This will be a long conversation. One you shouldn't start hungry. But if you don't feel like having a proper breakfast, I'll ask Bettie to bring coffee and sandwiches to my office. It's the most private place in this house."
#
Grandpa's office was quite ascetical. The only thing hanging on the wall was a portrait of a middle-aged woman whose likeness to mother was striking. The table he sat in front of was facing a bay window, not the entrance. It was obviously a private office, not intended for visitors. There weren't many books, instead, the bookshelves were full of files. There was another chair in the room, wooden and not very comfortable, on which I sat.
There was a knock, and Bettie brought a tray of sandwiches and a pot of strong coffee and placed it on the table. As she served the coffee into two tiny cups, I put a generous teaspoon of sugar into mine and started nibbling a sandwich. It was a cheese and bacon sandwich. The greasy, delicious food helped me calm down a bit.
When the housekeeper left, I went by the door and checked she had left. I then firmly closed the door. Grandpa, observing me silently, tapped his fingers on an artifact on his table.
"This room is now completely soundproof, Miss Bedwen. Nobody can hear us now." His voice sounded menacing. I was in the same room with a possibly deranged mage who was obviously skilled in light magic, and maybe even illegal magic. A mage who happened to be my grandfather, who I'd saved from destroying himself yesterday. 
Dark arall don't know fear. Magic pumps through the veins whenever we experience danger, goading us into using it. I breathed. One thing was definite; if he tried to use any mental magic on me, none of us would be going out of this office alive. Uninitiated or not, any dark arall who wants to can do great harm to their enemy… at the cost of their life. Which is why Initiation is required to use magic (having mages die after using magic once kind of makes it useless).
He also knew, of course. So, unless he's suicidal, he won't try anything like that. I took another sandwich. Whenever my magic becomes agitated, I feel ravenous. The silence lingered, and the chewing and slurping became the only sound I could hear. But, despite mother's attempts to make me into a lady, I was unfazed, continuing chewing the sandwich, slurping the sweet coffee.
"For somebody who said they're not hungry, you seem to be eating quite a lot, Miss Bedwen." He said, amused. 
I shifted on the chair, trying to become more comfortable. I got closer to the table and moved the tray of sandwiches closer. I was stalling. How should I start this conversation?
"Appetite comes with eating. But I can listen and eat at the same time. Where do you have the photo I gave you yesterday? Because I certainly don't remember giving it to you permanently."
He took the photo out of his jacket's internal pocket, and turned it towards me, without releasing it. It was, indeed, our family photo. I had taken the photo with an old second-hand camera I bought with my first salary in Ashford. Getting my brothers to stay still while I took the photo had been difficult, but I managed to do that, mainly by bribing them with the promise of gifts (which I was going to give them anyway). I developed several copies, and I still had the original film, but that certainly doesn't mean I would give it for free.
"Ah, yes. The photo of your family. How do I know you are part of it? You aren't in the photo."
"Because I was the one taking it, obviously." He wasn't the first person who questioned whether I belonged to my family. I certainly didn't look much like mother, and I was the only dark arall when all my brothers were light. Still, that didn't give him the right to question me.
"And how do I know you didn't just take a photo of somebody else's family and are trying to extort me? You certainly aren't the first person who claimed my daughter is alive."
Well, if he really didn't believe me, it could make my life easier.
"OK," I said. "I confess. It's a fake. I was going to use it to become Billie's guardian and get all your money, but your outburst yesterday made me use it earlier. I'll offer you a deal. Give me the photo, and I will promise you not to tell anybody about what happened yesterday."
He glanced at the photo again, caressing the image with his fingers. For a man who claimed he didn't believe me, he was certainly attached to it.
"And what are you going to do with it, Miss Bedwen?"
"Well," I said, shrugging, "obviously, I'm going to destroy it. Wouldn't want proof of my scam reaching the police, or anything. Tell you what, I will even agree to sign a confidentiality agreement if a promise isn't enough."
He started laughing.
"Miss Bedwen," he said, between chuckles, "as a lawyer, and owner of a big firm, I've certainly met quite a few scammers. I know you aren't one. And this," he shook the photo in his hands, “is really a photo of my daughter. I've checked your scholarship application this morning," he then took a file out of a drawer, "and I checked your family background section. I can certainly see that your family includes a Sam, a Billie, and a Mikey. And your parents — Claire and Sean Bedwen. I can only assume your father changed names when he married — Sean is certainly not an Yllamese name. If this were a scam, it would be a very elaborate scam, done even before I moved here."
"If you believed me — why did you ask me that, then?" I asked. This was feeling more and more like a trap. He knew so much more about me than I did about him — and I wasn't any closer to learning what I needed to know.
"I wanted to see how you'd react. What you'd tell me to convince me." 
Ah, so he wanted me to be a bigger idiot than I already was and just spill my guts and tell him everything he wanted, in exchange for nothing. 
"You don't get it," I said. "It's not you who should be testing me, it's the other way around. You're the one who has to prove to me you deserve to be my grandpa. To come back to my family's life. We will certainly do fine without you and the mental magic that comes with you. I wouldn't want my mother to look like her brother."
That was it. I made my opinion of him clear. The battle lines were drawn. The ball was in his court.
He flinched.
"I see. Is that what you believe? Is that what Claire believes? That I did that to my own son?"
"Mother doesn't share her thoughts with me. She never mentioned you. But then, she didn't write to you, in all those years she was living in Caerland, even when they were desperately poor and living in a freezing dorm. And money seems to be the one thing you still have, even if you choose to live like this," I said, pointing around the room. 
When I become rich, I will certainly have a fully furnished house. All the walls will be full of books, and alchemical gizmos. And I will have my own private lab, with all the proper security. And the house will be surrounded by a moat.
"If that is so, why did you tell me yesterday? Why did you approach me in the first place? Staying far from a dangerous mind mage would be the smart thing to do."
It would be, actually. The smart thing to do. But my upbringing doesn't make me smart. Karim certainly wasn’t smart.
"Well…" the real reason I decided to try to approach him was filial piety. My father would be very surprised, after all the efforts he made, that I actually kinda sorta did believe that you should make sure your ancestors are comfy and safe. The dead ones, with all those silly rituals. Those alive, by showing them respect and giving them gifts. But I couldn't tell him that, could I? Because then he would demand respect. And I'm not steeped into Yllamese culture that much. Just a tiny little bit.
"Well, I thought I may get to inherit from you. Become Billie's guardian, have part of it come to me, and to my brothers."
"So you're saying you knew before you approached me I was rich."
"Of course. Money is the only thing you have going for you. You weren't able to protect your family, after all, or mother wouldn't have ended working as a schoolteacher in the north, in an area where my brothers are the only light arall in the whole county."
Respect for ancestors was not something I believed in very strongly. If you gave them a chance, but they screwed it up, you take over. Save the bows and gifts for when they're dead and harmless. And grandpa screwed the pooch.
He nodded.
"I'll make sure I add you and the boys to my will. And Claire."
That was fast. But I still had questions that needed answering, and money wasn't going to solve all the issues. Weregild is not something you pay to family members. If the head of the family fails in protecting the family, there has to be a new head. That would be me, obviously.
"Not so fast," I said. "I need to know what happened to Billie first. Because if it wasn't you, whoever did it could do the same to my family."
"And what if it was me? How will you verify my story?"
"Well," I shrugged. "It's not like I'll let you get close to them, anyway. And if you ever go to Crow Hill, you'll stick out so much that you wouldn't be able to do anything. You'd need to convince me and mother that you did nothing bad before you'll get close to the boys. And we may be poor, but we certainly do have friends in Crow Hill."
He seemed to consider my answer.
"So you won't let me get close to them, even if I convince you it wasn't me? What's the point of telling you then?"
"You don't get reported to a Magical Tribunal as unstable."
He looked at me, drumming his fingers on the desk. 
"OK, Miss Bedwen. I'll tell you what happened. Not because you are threatening me or anything. But because you have the right to know, as my granddaughter."
Well, finally. Spying and snooping wasn't really my thing. I liked to attack head-on, full march. When that didn't work, it usually frustrated me to no end. I took another sandwich, poured myself another cup of coffee, with lots of sugar, and sat comfortably in the chair, ready to listen.
"So what happened twenty-one years ago?"
Chapter 11

Grandpa stared at the wall where grandma's portrait was. He didn't want to look at me, avoiding my eyes. As long as he told me what really happened, I didn't care. It's not like looking somebody into the eyes is a magical recipe against lying or something like that.
"Your grandmother was a beautiful woman. I fell in love immediately when I met her. She was studying in the newly formed Ecton Women's College, which was right across from the Inquisition College. Despite it being basically a school for women getting the MRS degree, your grandmother wanted no such things. She rejected my proposal — which I made despite my family's opposition because she was not arall. And don't roll your eyes, young lady — I know what you dark arall think about marrying other arall. But that's how things worked for people like me, back then."
This is one of the reasons why dark and light magicals never understand each other. Why would you want two magicals in a family? Besides the fact that it doesn't seem to create stronger mages, there are just too many compatibility issues. And as for dark and light arall marrying — well, that only ever works as a joke.
"Well, I must say, Grandma must have had very good taste, rejecting you and all that," I said. "Maybe not so good, seeing she eventually married you, but she showed some good sense at first. Why are you telling me all this, anyway? Although it sounds like a good story to tell your grandkids around the fireplace, I didn't ask how you guys met."
"You wanted to know what happened twenty-one years ago. But that problem started then, when I met your grandmother. It was the time of Reformation. The Inquisition still existed, but Parliament had just published the Reform Edict. And your grandmother, after finishing college, decided to do something about it and joined one of the reform movements. She became an apprentice for a lawyer who represented the Inquisition's victims. I joined her — because I wanted to stay close to her, and worried about her safety. Those were trying times. My family cut me off, and despite the cases we won, the money we spent on the investigations, expert witnesses, and the constant harassment our firm received, meant we lived in abject poverty. Even after we both passed the bar exam, the cases never brought much money. And we fought a lot over money — with our mentor, each other…"
"But then your grandmother got pregnant with Billie. Liberal as she was, I wasn't willing for my son to be born fatherless — so we married. And, as we needed the money, we left the firm and started our own. We didn't get many more cases at first or earn much money. But eventually, my family softened. They were happy to see Billie, and they saw the reforms as inevitable by then — the Inquisition had been disbanded. So they forwarded cases to us — not of Inquisitors, your grandmother would never have agreed to that. But of the many, many rich and connected who had benefitted from the Inquisition. Who had used mind control, maybe on convicts, for forced labor. She still didn't like it — but we needed the money, and she was pregnant with Claire. So I continued working for these people, helping them navigate the Reformation, helping them keep their fortunes and businesses. But not everybody was willing to change."
"So, you used what you knew to take their fortunes, then?" It's not like many fortunes didn't come from fishing in those murky waters. I just thought he came from old money, but then that just means that the fortune was made long ago, and the details of how it happened are unclear. It's hard to make a fortune cleanly.
He nodded.
"Yes, I bought some of the companies that went bankrupt — because they weren't willing to change their business model, because the compensations they had to pay the victims were too high, different reasons. I also represented their victims, sometimes."
"So, was it revenge for that? Somebody lost their fortune to you, and they went after your son?"
"No, that's not what happened. I kept the money and kept working. Our family was doing good. And then she died." He said, pointing at grandma's portrait. "A freak accident — or so I thought at the time."
"I was completely grief stricken. She was the love of my life, and now she was dead. The children were teenagers then and didn't take their mother's death too well. But I was too lost into my own feelings to notice. So I buried myself in work, sending them to boarding school. They only came during the summer, for a brief time, and spent the rest of the year in school. Your mother did well. Despite my neglect, she studied hard and entered university. She was angry at me, though. So angry, she went as far from home as she could, to study here, in Ashford."
"I know where my mother studied. She told me. It's one of the reasons why I'm here." So far, for all the ramblings, he hadn't told me anything important. What was the point of all of this? "What happened to Billie? Was he abused in boarding school or something?"
"No, that wasn't it. Billie, when he came back from boarding school, was a different boy. A young man, he didn't much care about studying, wasn't interesting in work, and spent too much time hanging with some of his boarding school buddies. I didn't pay too much attention, as I was feeling guilty over abandoning him, and I just kept giving him money. But then he got arrested."
"For what? Was it drugs?" A young, rich boy doing drugs, what could be more banal?
"No, that wasn't it. It was worse. Way worse. He was part of a violent political organization — the Learners. The Inquisition was called the Society of Learning before, you knew. They had planned to poison the hall where young dark arall were going through Initiation. Thankfully, they got caught before they could do anything about it, and Billie also got arrested. I was furious at him. To not just try to kill innocent people, but to disrespect his mother in this way — that was beyond the pale. But he was still my son, so I defended him and got him a sentence of home imprisonment. He didn't like it; sometimes I think he'd have preferred actual prison, where he could still talk to his buddies. But I kept him at home, despite his wishes, trying to get him back to his senses. I guess he found a way to communicate with his friends because I got threats, letters sent to me every day to stop, or else… There was even an attack on me, which I avoided because I checked my cab daily. But then they did the unforgivable — they attacked Claire. She survived, but she was angry and cut off relationship with us. She wanted nothing to do with me in the first place, and after that, she cut off Billie too. I was furious, so I stormed Billie's room, and confronted him."
"Is that when you used mind magic on him? You know, killing him would probably have been a better option. More humane." In Caerland, 'I gave you life, I can take it' is an acceptable defense for a jury. Mind magic, not so much.
He shuddered.
"Not everybody shares your ideas about what is more humane, Miss Bedwen… But no, I didn't use magic on him. He was shocked. He loved Claire. He may have hated me, but he loved her — so he broke off with them. And that's when he went mad. Turns out, the group had been slowly conditioning him with magic and drugs. Only his love for his sister allowed him to break off from them — they couldn't use the really strong magic, or I'd have detected it. But when they stopped dosing him, it became obvious. He became unhinged, losing memories, his mind fracturing. I spent a fortune on Healers, trying to cure him."
"And then we got news of your mother's death in that train robbery. Looking back, she probably decided to use that opportunity and run away. But then, I believed she was dead. The locomotive explosion certainly didn't leave any identifiable corpses — but she disappeared, so we assumed she had died. There were enough bits and pieces to think that her body could have been there, too. That just drove him over the edge. The only person he loved, the link to his mother, his sister, was gone. Most of his memories got deleted, as the aftereffects of what had happened. He spent fifteen years going through Healers, through different treatments. I buried myself in work, and my fortune only grew. But then, he got as good as he could ever get. There were no more treatments we could give him. He just needed to grow, to live an ordinary life. I sold my firm to my partners then; building a life in Ecton was too hard for me. I came to Ashford as a tribute to Claire, who had studied here, to see where she had spent the last few years of her life."
Typical light arall sentimentality.
"So, what did you do to them?" I asked.
He was startled.
"To whom?"
"To those who did that to your son, obviously. How did you destroy them? How did you avenge Billie? Or," I looked at him suspiciously, "did you come to Ashford to get closer to them?"
He didn't seem to understand it.
"What would be the point of vengeance, if it can't fix anything? It wouldn't bring Billie's mind back, or Claire to life. As for justice, that's what the police are for."
I sighed. Typical light arall. When it comes to lofty ideals like the perfect world, peace, Good, or other such abstract ideas, they'll enslave people for their own good, make them prisoners of their own mind, and take away their magic in ways that are more painful than the worst torture. But when it comes to just punching somebody, or killing those who wronged you — they have to come up with some great justification before they do that.
"And did they? Catch those people?" I asked, fully expecting the answer I would get. It's not like I had high expectations of our government's ability.
"Well, the people who did it to Billie — they got arrested. And then it was made classified, as they didn't want to make it public."
#
I sighed. I would have to do that myself, too. But it's not like I could expect my Grandpa to actually be the head of the family. Yllamese upbringing or not, I didn't expect a light arall to be able to defend and bring justice to the family. Even if he is my elder.
"That's the government for you, in a nutshell. Not only will they not defend you, but they'll prevent you from defending yourself. And punish you when you do it."
He seemed confused.
"What do you mean by defend myself? There were no other attacks. Our family has been left alone — no point in attacking them and provoking a response."
It really seems he doesn't get it. Has he completely forgotten his family history? There's a reason nobody did that kind of thing to Inquisitor's families.
"Look," I said, "justice is an abstract concept invented to fool the masses. Vengeance is still necessary when your family is attacked. If any rando with silly ideas think they can attack the Bedwens, permanently incapacitate the heir to the family and discontinue the family line, and get away with it, there will be other cases. And I've got three brothers, and my parents, who have had enough in their life. Which is why we need to make sure our family is protected before we reveal them. You're safe as long as you have no heirs or family — they can always kill you and become Billie's guardians. But if you suddenly have heirs, if the family has issue, then it's not that easy anymore."
"But surely — the people who did that to Billie were questioned. They must have gotten all of them."
"If that were true, why make it secret?" I said. "No, they weren't all caught. And we need to catch them all. Sacrifice our enemies to save the future."
He seemed shocked that I used the Inquisition's motto.
"Miss Bedwen… Are you sure that's the right idea? After all, the people who said that would have burnt you at the stake."
"And that's how they survived for a thousand years. Look; nobody would have done that with you if you were still part of the Inquisition. When you left them, laudable as that was, you left your wife and children exposed. While grandma may have died accidentally, what happened to Billie and Mom was certainly no accident."
"That's a very… dark perspective," he observed. Then he silenced me with a gesture, continuing, "but it is a viable survival strategy. But, Miss Bedwen, we don't live in Saint Conrad's time anymore. You can't just kill your enemies to protect and avenge your family. Even if you manage to kill them all, the government will then hang you. And without you, the family would lose the protection again. You wouldn't want them to live like outcasts, would you?" He said, caressing the photo.
"Now we're talking. Yes, very good points. Which is why we will not kill all of them, obviously. Destroying a cult by killing its members is pointless, anyway. You would need to cut all the hydra's heads, or they'll regrow and become even more dangerous. And I don't have the time to chase everybody around the country."
"So what would you like to do?" while he seemed relieved that I wasn't going on a killing spree, grandpa was still worried. 
"Well. You mention Saint Conrad, who helped King Alfred fight the invaders who killed his daughter by organizing an army and destroying them, then building a fleet and occupying the Finister islands, killing all those who participated in raids, thus making them part of the Kalmar Kingdom. While we can't do the first part, we can do the second part."
"If there was anything to invade, the government would have caught them already."
"No, I mean starve them of resources. Without the people tilling the land for food, the traders who purchased the iron for swords, and the shipwrights who built the ships they used, those pirates couldn't continue. If Saint Conrad had just killed them, they would have returned in a generation. Instead, Kalmar got a very loyal Navy, and the raids on our western coasts stopped. That's what we need to do to the Learners. We need to destroy their base. We need to make it impossible for them to recruit — by making mental magic reversible."
He seemed relieved.
"That’s an ambitious goal. In that case, Miss Bedwen…"
"Call me Dana. At least in private. I'll call you Gramps."
"OK, Miss Dana." He smiled as he said my name. I guess we're close now. "I'd like to write you into a will, anyway. And your brothers. And for that, I'd like a sample of your blood. To establish parentage."
"While you may trust the people around you, Gramps," I said, "I wouldn't want anybody else to know about this. Such a test would call a lot of attention. And you writing a new will could send the wrong message."
"Don't worry. I'll do the test myself. And nobody will see my will. They won't even know I wrote it. It will be a holographic will."
I gave him a sample of my blood. Although blood can be used for harmful magic, the amount I gave him was certainly insufficient to inflict much harm.
#
After he bandaged my hand (rather, put a small plaster and some gauze on it), I headed to the dorms. Thankfully, it was a Sunday, so I could come into the building with the previous day's dress with no one noticing. I didn't want that kind of rumors about me.
I changed out of the dress into my usual clothing. It couldn't be used for another event anyway, so I just threw it into the bin. It's not like I would need to wear a dress anytime soon. Never would be a good time.
Tomorrow was an important day for me, as I would officially start working.

Chapter 12

I spent the rest of the day in the library, reading everything I could about dark magic. I had already received a solid base from the mandatory courses I attended, but I had never been that interested in magical theory before.
"Preparing for the Initiation, I see?" the librarian asked. I gave her a dark look. What made her think she could just ask me personal questions like that? But I may need her cooperation in the future, so I decided to be friendly.
"I've been considering it for the last year," and decided not to do it. "It's always good to know what I could gain with Initiation. It's a big decision, you know. So I'd like to know the theory solid before I decide either way."
She nodded.
"Sure, Miss Bedwen. You should consider such a decision seriously. A dark mage with your broad understanding of theory could go far. Maybe even become universal."
She wasn’t a mage, so she probably wasn’t aware of arall’s opinions on being called universal. I could have yelled at her or insulted her, but instead, decided to be diplomatic.
"Universal magic does not exist. It's a myth. There are spells both dark and light mages can do, but they are still quite different in how they're done. There is no universal magic."
"Well, you could make it universal if you find the Sources and combine them." She laughed, and left me, having made the last joke. I was left, shocked at the idea that occurred to me.
Of course! The legendary Sources of Magic! One of the goals of the Inquisition had been to destroy the Source of Darkness, to eradicate all dark mages and their magic. If the Source exists, I could destroy the light one; if they didn't, and I could prove it, that would mean that magic can't be destroyed. Either way, I win.
#
The university library wasn't very good at legends, either. But the Inquisition Archives would be a much better source. They had collected most legends and fairytales, trying to find anything that would let them find the Source. Most of the information should have been declassified, but then most things that should have been declassified weren't. And now I was going to have access to everything, in its entirety.
Which is why I was so excited about going to work on Monday. I was giddy at breakfast, and Gramps even observed, "You seem to be in a good mood, Miss Bedwen."
"Oh please, Gramps, call me Dana, I think we agreed on that."
"We agreed to do it in private," he said cautiously.
"Well, we are at home, among family, I'm sure Billie wouldn't mind. Would you Billie?"
Billie, who had been distractedly playing with his food, looked up.
"Oh?"
"Billie, you don't mind me being your niece, right?"
"Would that mean you playing more with me?" he asked, seriously.
"Sure, I will play more with you, uncle Billie. I just won't call you uncle anymore."
"Just play more with me," he demanded and went back to his plate.
"So, you see, Gramps, Billie doesn't mind."
"OK, Miss Dana," he said.
I could live with that. I don’t know why he insisted on being this formal, but I’ll consider it a quaint trait.
"So what has you this excited, Miss Dana?" he asked again.
"I am starting work today, and it's a great opportunity for me to learn a lot about alchemy. I will get a lot of experience and it's going to be great. It was quite hard to get this opportunity." I ate another bite of the perfectly crisp bacon Bettie had made for me and asked: "So, will I see you in class today?"
"Yes, I will be giving you a lecture. Last week was an exception" grandpa said.
"Great, see you then," I said, finishing up the big plate of bacon and scrambled eggs and heading towards the door, ruffling Billie's hair on the way out. "See you at dinner, Billie. Be a good boy."
He looked at me.
"Bye, Dana. See you!"
If he wasn't in a grown-up body, he'd have been a very cute kid.
#
After grandpa’s class, I went to the old alchemy building. After going through the security guard, I was escorted to an office that was attached to a lab. The office wasn't very big, but it was not shared, a luxury allowed only to lecturers at the University. So, all in all, quite good. Of course, that was probably done for bullshit security reasons. But still. It was good to not have an office mate.
"Will I be getting a tour of the facilities?" I asked the security guy.
"Yes, Miss Bedwen, you will," he said. "Capt. Greggs is going to come and show you around at 12:00."
"Is there anything for me to do meanwhile?" I asked.
"Just get comfortable," he said.
The meeting with the captain was in an hour, so I just inspected my office. It had no windows, but plenty of shelf space for books and documents. The desk occupied half the office, but it was still easy enough to get around it to sit. As there were no windows, I was sitting with my face towards the door. I took the notes I had collected out of my bag, organizing them in the empty folders. Having an office was nice. I was probably going to try to do my thesis related work here, too. I didn't get this much privacy anywhere else. I should probably get the reference books from the library. Or maybe (this is just incredible for me) buy it with the project money. After all, having a research library was necessary for the research, right? And who would notice if I just added a couple of books I needed for my personal use to the order? As long as I didn't take them home with me, that is.
By the time Capt. Greggs came, I was immersed in my notes checking the calculations I had made the day before. Translating the symbols of light magic to dark magic was quite hard. There seemed to be many differences in energy expenditure, even among the spells that had the same effect, depending on whether dark or light magic was used. So much for "universal" magic. 
He came to the office, the doors of which I left open, exactly at 12:00.
"I see you have started work already, Miss Bedwen. It's nice to see such dedication to the work," he said.
"Well," I smiled, standing up, "any good alchemist starts with the literature review. I couldn't sign up for this project without some initial research."
"How thorough of you," he observed. "And now, the tour of the facilities. I'm sure you will be more familiar with the alchemical devices in the lab than I am."
"Shouldn't there be an alchemist who will show me the lab, then?" I asked.
"Oh no, Miss Bedwen. You are the only alchemist we have in this project."
The only alchemist on the project? Me, an inexperienced student? While I never doubt myself or my capabilities, it seemed strange to have so much trust placed on somebody who hadn't finished their formal education. So much for a highly funded government project. They probably couldn't afford a real alchemist.
"I'm sorry," I said. "But I thought I would be working under a more experienced alchemist. I never worked on such a wide-ranging project before."
"We were looking for somebody who would start the project. Do some initial research, all that. This project is in the beginning stages right now. But, due to the sensitive nature of the project, we've been recruiting covertly. All the information on this project is on a need-to-know basis."
So this was a moonshot pet project. 
"How much funding does this project have? And can I see the research plan?" I asked. 
"You are here to write the research plan, Miss Bedwen. Funding allocation will be decided based on your project plan."
Great. I was working on a secret project with no funding. At least I got a salary; it was in my contract. But I hadn't started working here for money, but to improve my CV. So I needed this project to work well enough to get recommendations.
"The access to the Inquisition Archives I was promised. Will I get it?" 
"Of course, Miss Bedwen."
Well, at least I could start with a literature search.
"I also need a budget to buy books," I said. "Unless you're happy for me to be working on your super-secret project in the library. And maybe losing some notes, too."
"Of course, Miss Bedwen. If you write a list of books you'd like us to purchase, with justification, we'll make sure to acquire them for the project."
I looked around the lab. It wasn't too bad. The equipment was top notch, although I couldn't see much use for most of it, except for the microscope. 
"And I need full access to all artifacts found in the Forg islands. You told me you found more of them."
"Well, the buttons are the only artifact we have access to. We’ll get access to the other objects after studying the buttons. I will place them in the lab, under lock and key. I will give you a key, and you will have to log in every time you use it, but we can arrange full access."
I would have to work with that. I certainly hoped I could see the rest of the objects found. As he promised.
#
The list of books I wrote for Capt. Greggs was quite extensive. For most of them, the justification I wrote just said "general literature". He read the list and raised his eyebrows.
"That's quite an extensive list, Miss Bedwen," he said. "Are you trying to build an entire library here?"
"Well, Captain," I said. "I need general reference books on dark magic and alchemy and light magic to be able to work without going to the library to maintain some degree of secrecy. As you knew when you hired me, I am still a student, and I have a lot to learn. Which is why I need to start the project by looking at what is already known. By the way, when could I get access to the Inquisition Archives? Although I can get most things from general books available to the public, I think this project will require an extensive search of all the available literature."
"The Inquisition Archives have been examined by many specialists before you," he said. "Don't you think all the interesting things would have been found by now?" he asked.
"Well," I said. "Sometimes you need to know what you're looking for to find it. And I know what I'm looking for."
"Fair enough," he said. "It will take about a week for me to arrange it, but I will be able to give you access. I will, however, buy the books on the list by tomorrow, so you can start working on that."
That was fast. Nothing in the University was this fast. Maybe they didn't have as little funding as I had come to believe. Maybe I could really do something with this. As I didn't have much to do, I went to see Billie and played with him for a couple of hours, after which I went to Grandpa's library. He came to find me at dinnertime.
"I see you're taking your plan to revert mental magic seriously, Miss Dana," he said. "So you really think this is possible?"
"Well," I said "reverting the magic is probably easier than to find the Source of Magic."
"The Source of Magic?" He asked. "Do you really believe in that nonsense? It's just fairytales and legends."
“The Society of Learning spent a thousand years trying to find it." He raised his eyebrows at me using the alternative name of the Inquisition. 
"If they haven't found it in a thousand years, why do you believe you will find it?" he asked.
"The Source of Magic was one of their foundational beliefs. We've since have come to believe it's all nonsense, but we still don't know where magic comes from. Finding where magic actually comes from would disprove everything they said, and starve them of followers."
"That's certainly ambitious," Gramps said.
"Which is why I'm trying to reverse mental magic instead. Easier than finding the Source of Magic." 
Who said revenge was easy? There's a reason it is supposed to be served cold. Patience was never my forte, but I was still going to do my best. I wanted my family to be rich and successful; for me to be rich and successful. And even if I ignored grandpa, and Billie, if we became rich enough to escape Crow Hill, somebody would discover who my mother was. So I had to make sure they remained safe by preventing any risks from the truth being discovered.
Chapter 13

My life became very busy when I started working. With all the books Capt. Greggs bought for me, I certainly had a lot of material to study. Add to this Prof. Derwen's library, which I was also working on — and the project just absorbed me, my life became very regimented, something I was used to, but not at this scale. In the mornings after waking up, I would dress and walk to grandpa's house thinking about the previous day's work and organizing my ideas. I would then have breakfast with grandpa and Billie. I now had most of my meals with them. Not just because it saved me money, but because it saved me the time and energy required to buy and cook food. Billie liked it, and Bettie was a much better cook than I was. On the days I had classes, I went to all my classes and spent the rest of my time in the office; I even did my class homework there. On the weekends, when I couldn't go to the lab or to the office, I went to grandpa's house, played a bit with Billie, and spent the rest of the day in grandpa's library. It was exhausting but exhilarating at the same time. My mind was giving its hundred percent, concentrated on the topic. I was not advancing that much though, in any of the work I was trying to achieve. My knowledge of magic was still very much theoretical. One of the issues I had was that I couldn't really test most of my ideas. So instead, I made Grandpa try the spells. I couldn't really see what he was doing, other than the end result, and he didn't really understand what I was saying since I was trying to translate dark, applied material magic terms into light, interpersonal and animal magic. It brought us lots of frustration and made him testy.
"Why don't you do it yourself?" he asked me at some point. "If you go through Initiation, you could just learn to do everything yourself. And that could give you a new edge in the study of alchemy."
"I don't want to," I said. "My only interest has only ever been alchemy; I don't want to do magic."
"Don't want to or can't?" grandpa asked.
"Don't want to," I repeated. He didn't seem to believe me.
He looked at me with that look he sometimes had. I prepared myself for some questioning.
"What's your level of magic?" he asked.
That certainly wasn't a topic I wanted to talk about. My level of magic had been tested when I was a teenager. I had the lowest level of magic possible, level one. The examiner even tested twice. He had never seen anybody below two. Becoming a mage in a world where magical strength matters more than skill, where magic is more a craft than it is science, was not something I wanted to do. Not when I had alchemy. Alchemy, the science I could work at using my intellect and grit. I didn't need strength for alchemy. The only limits were the physical nature of matter and my mind's ability to conquer them, as well as a willingness to work. Not so much with magic. But I never told anybody that. As a kid, before the test, I had wanted to be a mage. But when my mother tried to console me, I just told her that magic is stupid, the test was stupid, and I didn't want to work at it, anyway. Sour grapes, you'll say, but I really convinced myself, and my mother. She didn't seem to believe me at first, but when she saw me dedicate my efforts to alchemy, learning all I could with my dad about machining, working in our school's tiny lab trying to make better cleaning chemicals, she seemed to believe that was really my dream. It really became my dream. Alchemy, I could control. With formulas and calculations, I could experiment and change the very nature of matter. I always wanted to be exceptional, and as a mage, I would be mediocre at best.
"I just never want to be drafted," I said. "War is stupid. Dying at war is stupid. Alchemists don't get drafted. It's a priority industry."
"Sure, but you'd be exempt as an alchemist even if you become a mage."
"I don't want to, and that's final," I said, hoping he would leave it at that.
Then I noticed him moving his hands. He was measuring my magic. It was the same gesture that the tester had used. Testing magic levels was one of those universal aspects of magic, as I'd found during my search on all aspects of universal magic.
"Stop that!" I ordered. He stopped the gesture. But I could see pity in his eyes. Something I never wanted to see. It's not like I expressed a desire to become a mage. Why did everybody assume I wanted to? I'm strong, I can fight with almost any man and win. I was one of the best alchemists of my generation. I knew that. The fact that I was a very weak magical wasn't something I would dwell on. There is no point anyway. It's not like I can do anything about it.
"You know," he said. "There are ways to increase your magical level. Sometimes magic increases during Initiation. It usually grows after Initiation."
I knew all about that. My mother certainly gave me an extended lecture on ways magic could grow. But it's not like anybody knows how to do it. And the level of growth after Initiation is usually bound by the initial level of magic at Initiation, anyway. No point in becoming a weak, bad mage, when I could be a great alchemist. I certainly wasn’t going to gamble my pride and reputation on the possibility my magic would grow. It almost never happened.
"Don't mention it again," I said. "Don't ever use your spells on me. Or I'll stop coming."
I'm not sure whether he was afraid of my threat, but he got quiet.
"So let's try the spell you wanted me to do again. What does this," pointing at the drawing I made, "mean?" he asked.
"Well," I said "in applied magic that is the spell used for cooling water. I translated it into light magic." 
"That's not how a cooling spell looks," he said. He took a pen and a new piece of paper and drew the spell for me. "This is how it's supposed to look like." 
The two spells didn't seem to have anything in common.
"Try to use the one I made anyway. I want to see how it works. We'll keep changing it until it works like the one you made."
"That seems pointless. To create a new spell, when we have a perfectly functional one. It's not like it will help with mental magic."
"I told you," I said. "Creating a universal language of magic, and translating all spells into it, will be very helpful to find ways to destroy spells. If we can do that, then we can destroy those other spells. Now, please focus."
#
The housekeeper, who had been actively observing the girl that claimed to be her master's granddaughter, knocked on her master’s office door.
"Come in," she heard. She brought a tray of tea with some scones. There were two cups. Although she was quite happy that her master seemed engaged, and had stopped drinking, she was still worried and determined to say what was in her mind.
"Mr. Bedwen," she said. "I've been working at your house for years. I helped with Billie for the whole time he's been sick. So I'd like to say some things."
Her master seemed surprised. She didn't try to assert her opinion frequently, but she worried about this family, which she had served for decades.
"Everybody in this house seems to feel entitled to just say things to me now," he said. "So go ahead. I'm starting to get used to this bluntness."
"Well, Mr. Bedwen," she paused. "I know that girl claims to be your granddaughter, but she certainly doesn't look at all like you, or your daughter, bless the soil she lays in. Why haven't you confronted her about that?"
"Now, Bettie," he said. "I know you have been listening and observing Miss Dana. She is certainly an odd girl, not unlike Claire. And she absolutely wants something from me. But she's good for Billie. And she isn't lying."
"So is she your real granddaughter?"
"That's not your business. The only thing you should know is, you should keep cooking meat dishes. And make sure they're tasty. I'd like this house to be welcoming."
The housekeeper nodded. She hadn't expected an answer, and this was the best thing she could get, anyway.
When the housekeeper left the room, the man took out of the desk drawer the results of the lab tests he had done as soon as he obtained the girl's blood. The four lab tests he made, one after the other, desperately hoping to get a different result. The answer stayed the same in all four tests. Not a blood match.
He took out the photo he kept in his desk drawer, caressing it with his fingertips. This scam was the most elaborate he'd ever seen. So real, he desperately wanted to believe in Sam, Billie and Mikey's existence. His daughter's sons, who looked just like him. A mirage, a delusion. A welcome lie.
The girl, whoever she was, really seemed to believe what she was saying. And, although her revenge plans were silly, she took them seriously. He laughed, with real amusement this time. The naivete expressed by this hatchling! He may have left the Inquisition, at his family's request, when they thought the family's sake required severing the ties with the Society. But he had still been trained as a prosecutor and had absorbed the values of his family. Nobody could touch his family and survive. Not even the Inquisition. The feeling that the institution put itself before its members was the reason his father had ordered him to leave them. He certainly would not forgive or forget. He hadn’t.
He made sure everybody involved in his son’s disease died. Those who provided the drugs, those who used mind magic, those who made an attempt on his daughter’s life. Slowly and methodically, he found everybody, and hunted them down. The government had tried to stop him, to prosecute him for those murders. But they could never prove anything. He hadn’t been the best student of the Inquisition College for nothing.
And then, he came to Ashford, the place where his daughter’s grave was. The empty grave, where he buried some of the remains found on the train. He had arranged everything, for Billie to be in the care of his friend, Craig Derwen, and had slowly started to drink himself to death. That is, until he saw that photo. He threw away all the liquor in the house after that. The results of the test were a disappointment, but the photo seemed so real. Maybe she had obtained it somewhere. He would have to observe to learn more about it.
Billie seemed attached to her, and his situation seemed to improve. For as long as that was true, he would tolerate her, with her silly and naïve plans for revenge, which she took way too seriously for a scammer. So he would welcome her at his house, allowing her to believe she managed to fool him. For as long as she thought that, she would keep coming, and he could learn more about her.
So he'd behave like a real grandfather. If she asked for his money, connections, or help, he'd give her that. Within reason, of course. But he didn't want to scare her away. He needed to know what she was really after. Because the money, and connections, and status he had couldn't buy the mirage she was offering him. Hope.
#
By the time the Captain gave me access to the Inquisition Archives, I'd almost forgotten that I had asked for it. It took him much more than a week, and every time I reminded him, he gave me vague excuses. There were so many things I was doing anyway, the experiments with grandpa, the microscopy work with that stupid button, the books I was studying, that I just stopped bothering him at some point. I was becoming an expert in theoretical magic, in both light and dark branches of it. Maybe the first such expert in Kalmar, since theoretical magic is such a useless field anyway, used more by philosophers and armchair academics than practical mages.
The Captain took me to the outskirts of Ashford in his government-assigned car. The Inquisition building, which held the Archives, had originally been in the middle of the countryside, but now it was within the city limits. It had been used for interrogating and holding prisoners originally, and mages are dangerous prisoners. Which is why it was as far as the city authorities dared to force Inquisitors out back then.
I had to sign a huge stack of papers promising I would keep everything I learned here secret, stating that I wasn't allowed to take any documents outside or take any copy of them. All notes I took would have to be checked before I could take them outside.
I was escorted into a big room with many feet of shelving, all full of folders. There was no dust, as magic spells protected all the documents here, but other than that, the room smelled strongly of old paper. When I asked the archivist that was escorting us which system of organization they had here, he just laughed at me.
"Everything that has been organized, has already been classified. The information approved by censors was taken to the National Library, in Ecton, where it is widely available to the public. The classified information is in the Ministry of Magic. These are the documents that haven't been reviewed by the censors yet, which the Inquisitors didn't hold in the special section."
I turned towards the Captain.
"You promised that you would give me access to the classified Inquisition Archives, so I could work," I accused him.
"I did. You just didn't say which ones. You already have access to the National Library, if you want to go to Ecton. As for the classified information, our censors have reviewed it, and there is nothing relevant to our project there. And these archives are also classified. They just require a lower security clearance."
Great. I wasn't doing this just for work; I was also looking for information on mental magic, but I didn't want to share that. Interest in banned magic is not something I want to have in my government file. So I would have to swallow it. It hurt my pride though.
"If they looked properly, that is. They could just not know what to look for."
"Actually, the secret archives were reviewed first, before this project was started. Nothing of relevance was found."
I heard a polite cough. I turned my head; it was the archivist, avidly listening to our conversation.
"Excuse me," the archivist said. "But what project are you talking about? If I could know a bit more about it, maybe I could help."
"Classified," the Captain replied, with an angry look towards me.
"What?" I asked innocently. "It's not like I said anything, and he certainly knows I'm looking for something. He's not stupid."
The archivist nodded and winked at me. I guess he didn't like all this stupid secrecy either, a kindred spirit. I winked back. The Captain noticed my wink and sighed.
"Since I see you two are getting along, Miss Bedwen," he said. "I'll leave you here. Just remember you swore an oath and signed a contract to keep this project secret."
And with that, he left, leaving me in the archives. I hope there are coaches back to Ashford. It would take a couple of hours to walk back otherwise. If there weren't coaches, I would take a cab and charge it to the project, I decided. They should certainly pay for that. I turned towards the archivist, a middle-aged man with a twinkle in his eyes.
"Is there at least any kind of naming system here?" I asked.
"Well," he said, "the folders carry the name of the year and the inquisitor in charge of the investigation."
"Just to make it completely clear," I said. "These are the files of the day-to-day investigations of Inquisitors, right? So the more interesting ones, the ones for necromancers and telepaths, the things the Inquisition cared about, have been removed, either classified or to the National Library."
"Correct," he said. "It seems you had a different impression before, Miss Bedwen. I'm sorry for disappointing you."
"Thank you, but it's not your fault. I let myself get fooled by that slick guy." I said, nodding towards the door the Captain left through. "But I'll try to find something interesting. Which are the oldest files here?"
He pointed me to the darkest corner of the room and instructed me how to use the gloves and spatulas they used for turning pages.
"All the files here have been conserved with magic," he explained. "The Inquisition tended to like to keep as much information as they could, even if it was useless. But you should still be careful with the documents, as they are quite old. And, Miss Bedwen, since you are going through the files anyway, could you sort them, please? Just make a pile of the ones that are related to magic, and the ones that aren't. The censors will go through the magic-related piles."
I nodded, feeling more and more cheated by the minute. Still, there was bound to be something interesting in the files. There had to be, or why weren't they declassified?
Turns out, the government likes to keep things secret just because. As I started going through the files, I realized the sheer amount of petty crimes the Inquisition investigated. Sure, at first, the accounts of bigamy, incest, orgies, all kinds of scams, fake magic, and rumor-mongering seemed interesting, but after hours of reading exhaustive accounts of each crime, it started to be really boring. And some Inquisitors had terrible handwriting. But I had to find something here. If I didn't find something within the next couple of months, I would ask the Captain to fund a trip to Ecton. Maybe the National Library had more interesting things. But before going through archives that have already been searched, it probably made sense to search through one that hadn't been as extensively cataloged. But still, it felt like drinking milk with all the cream taken out. Always hated non-fat milk.
Chapter 14

The search in the archives wasn't yielding me anything for work, but I found quite a few descriptions of mind magic. Turns out, jealous spouses and masters unhappy with their cheeky apprentices liked to use mind magic quite frequently. To correct the behavior of those below you wasn't considered much of a crime back then, so the Inquisitors tended to just annotate it in their reports of the questioning. Still, I was learning a lot more about how this specific magic worked than I did from the public library.
I couldn't take any notes, not while I was inside, but I memorized everything I could and wrote it down as soon as I came home. It was just small nuggets of information, details, hints. By the end of the week, the information I had found could fit a page and a half. In comfortably big handwriting. I still thought it would be a good idea to show it to grandpa. Yes, the information was classified, and I wasn't supposed to show it to outsiders. But I wasn't supposed to be researching mind magic, either.
I presented him with my notes, in the privacy of his office, after asking him to activate all the privacy spells. 
"I see, Miss Bedwen," he said, "that you are quite serious about that silly revenge plan of yours. I won't ask you where you got this — but it's not information that is publicly available. I checked everything related to mental magic, and while I already know most of the information contained here, a few details are new to me. Knowing these things, let alone looking for these things, will put you in great danger."
"I can protect myself," I answered. "And why did you think I was trying to formulate a universal language of magic?"
"Trying to find a universal language of magic is safe. The only risk you carry is to your reputation. And you don't have much of a reputation yet."
"You don't think it will work. You don't think we can find a cure, nor protection against mind magic."
He seemed uncomfortable.
"Well… Miss Bedwen, the only thing that can protect you against mind magic is having a strong mind and great control of your magic. There are no other ways."
"Wait a minute," I asked. "Great control of your magic? Is that why you're so invested in convincing me to become a mage?"
"You would be safer if you were a full mage," he acknowledged.
"But, as a level one, there's no much use, right? It's not like a weak mage like that could protect themselves from mind magic, not more than the natural protection dark arall already have. Which is why we need to focus on figuring out how it all works — and creating an artifact."
"While artifacts are great for non-magicals," grandpa started lecturing, "they are just so indiscriminate and primitive. Only a mage can use the appropriate level of force and the right tools. The bluntness of artifacts means they always have easily exploitable loopholes. Mind magic cannot be done with an artifact; the subtlety and nuance of each person's unique personality mean they have to tailor spells to each individual. Thus, having a magical artifact won't protect you from that. Besides, anything that can be stolen or taken away from you is a questionable protection against those wishing to control you."
"Good point. People who won't stop at illegal acts to do something won't be shy of kidnapping a person, that's for sure. But at least they wouldn't be able to do what they did to Billie."
"Miss Bedwen…"
"Don' try to convince me to go through Initiation again. I don't want to. It's no use."
"OK, Miss Bedwen, I won't. Just promise me you won't be putting yourself into danger trying to get more of this information. As a frequent visitor to this house and association with you could put all of us in danger."
"I wasn't. But don't think doing nothing will let you stay safe." And with that, I stormed off. I certainly did not expect him to be thankful for the information I shared with him (maybe a little), but him scolding me was unexpected. Who did he think he was? Even as my grandpa, he didn't have a right to do that. My parents never scolded me (their worry and disappointment were always worse than any scolding, but they never so much as shouted at me).
#
Spending half my time outside classes in the archives, and the other half in the lab, I stopped going out entirely, which was probably the reason Joe came to look for me in the morning, as I was heading out.
"Hi, Dan," he said, awkwardly. "Nice to see you."
"Nice to see you too," I replied. "This is quite early for you. Why this early? I haven't even had breakfast yet."
"Where are you going then?" he asked.
"For breakfast," I replied.
"Is it true then?" he asked.
"What?"
"That you are having an affair with your supervisor," he spat.
It was bound to happen. Somebody was going to notice at some point that I was close to grandpa, and, since we decided not to share our familial relationship, it was going to be misinterpreted. It was still annoying. I cared about my reputation; not above other things, but I did care. And it's not like I could punch everybody.
"No," I said. "He just gives me free food because I get along with his sick son. You know I love free food. Besides, I've got a boyfriend." I just made it up on the spot, but a boyfriend was a good way to quiet the rumors.
"A boyfriend? Is it that loser you went to the ball with?"
Joe had been the one who told me about the spying business, so I had to step carefully here.
"Yes, it's Jack. We got back together after the ball."
"Are you that desperate for a man? How could you get back with him after he spied on you?" Joe was quite angry.
"Joe. Tread carefully," I said. Friend or no, I would not let him insult me like that. "That was his job then. But it's not like that this time. I will be careful."
"Still… Are you in love with him?"
"No. But it's not your business. Thanks for telling me about the rumors. But you shouldn't have believed in them." I went around him, walking towards grandpa's house. Changing my behavior because of those stupid rumors would be akin to admitting they were true. And denying them would force me to explain why I was eating meals at my supervisor’s home, which I didn't want to do. So, I would parade my boyfriend around, in front of grandpa. Let's hope they don't start saying I am sleeping with my supervisor and cheating on my boyfriend.
#
I called Jack that afternoon, using the phone in my office. It's always better not to pay the outrageous phone charges. And it's not like they were paying me much, so I considered everything extra I could get as part of my pay package.
"Dana?" he asked. "You haven't called since the ball. What is it?"
"Listen, you were saying you'd like us to get back together. Clean slate, all that. Do you still want to?"
There was a pause, so long I almost thought the call got cut.
"Hello?" I said. "Did you hear me? Because I'm not hearing anything."
"Yes," I suddenly heard. "Yes, I'd like to."
That was a relief. I didn't have to find some other guy. I just had to convince this one to do what I wanted.
"Well then, I'm giving you a big forgiveness advance. Interest-free. I'll still call in the weregild, don't think I'll forgive you spying on me so easily, but consider the slate clean right now."
His voice became cautious.
"I'm certainly glad you want to get together, but Dana… Are you trying to get something else from me?"
"Well," I said. "Now that you're my boyfriend, you'll certainly have to pay on our dates. None of that halfsies thing anymore. You're a police Detective, I'm a poor student. In fact, I'd like you to pick me up for lunch after class. Take me somewhere nice."
"When?" he asked.
"Monday. I've got this class, after which I don't have any classes for the day. If you want, I can get the day off at work, and we can spend the day together. Have a real date."
"I'd like that," he said. Then he paused. "So, does that mean you took that job?"
"I did. Thanks for telling me about the file. And remember, you will not report anything about me without telling me first.”
"I already promised I won't spy on you again. Don't you trust my word?"
"I do," I said. "Which is why I'm giving you this opportunity. Don't forget, Monday, at 11:00, in the Interpersonal Department, wait for me. And take me somewhere nice. But don't book any hotels. We're taking it slow this time."
"You'd like us to spend the whole day together just… talking?" I could hear the surprise in his voice.
"Well," I said "last time, because we took it so fast, by the time I learned you were spying on me, I was attached to you… but I didn't know anything about you. I still don't know you. This time, I'd like to know you as a person. Take this seriously."
"We'll discuss that on Monday," he said. "I'm not sure I like this too much."
"Tough," I said. "Because I'm not changing my mind. See you on Monday."
#
When Jack came to pick me up after grandpa's lecture, he had a huge bouquet of pink roses. At least they weren't red (which is the color of death in Caerland). I'd left the classroom quickly and made sure everybody saw us hugging. I then turned towards the door, holding his hand. When grandpa exited the classroom, with quite a few onlookers left, I dragged Jack towards him.
"Professor Bedwen," I said, "I've already introduced you to my boyfriend, Detective Jack Taylor. He's taking me for lunch now, but it would be nice if we could have dinner together one of these days. I'm sure Billie would like it."
He raised his eyebrows slightly, giving me a piercing look, but smiled and extended his hand towards Jack.
"Jack," I said. "This is my supervisor, Professor Bedwen, whom you've already met. I've become friends with his son Billie, so I have meals at his home quite frequently."
Jack also gave me a knowing look and a crooked smile. He shook grandpa's hand, though.
"Glad to meet you, Professor Bedwen. I would love to further our acquaintance, but we've got a lunch reservation at the Treehouse. So, if you forgive me, I'd like to take Miss Dana there."
"Absolutely," grandpa said. "It's so nice to see such a handsome couple. Enjoy your date."
And he left, confidently wading through the crowd. The onlookers, who had been avidly absorbing the conversation, also scattered.
"So that's what it's all about," Jack said, offering me his elbow, and I placed my hand in it.
"What?" I asked.
"You inviting me for a date. It's all about dispersing some rumors, isn't it? Which is why you made me go through this really awkward and public show right now."
"Well, yes. Consider it interest on the advance."
"Look," he started saying, but paused, opening the door and holding it for me. It's not like I couldn't open the door myself, but it did feel nice to be courted. "I know I haven't repaid you yet, but I don't want our relationship to become you using my guilt over that for the whole time."
"That was it," I said. "Until I call on the debt, I will not ask you anything. At least, nothing I wouldn't expect from a boyfriend. Aren't you glad about this, anyway? You'll never know when that debt will be called, and I could have found somebody else before that. Which won't happen now." I said, putting on my gloves and placing an arm at his elbow.
He patted my hand with his own.
"If you look at it like that…" he said, as we headed towards the cab stop.
Chapter 15

After helping me get into the carriage, and giving the cabbie instructions, he climbed into the carriage, taking off his tricorn hat and gloves. He carried a tricorn hat even when he was out of uniform. I also took off my favorite fedora, scarf, and gloves. It wasn't warm enough to take off my coat, but it wasn't freezing either. 
"So," he said, sitting in front of me, backward to the horses, even though there was a seat beside me. "Now that you've used me to quell some stupid rumors about you, do you intend to parade me around the university?"
"Of course," I said. "Why shouldn't I show off what a great boyfriend you are?"
He leaned towards me, taking my hands into his.
"And what is this about taking things slowly? Slow, you aren't. Three years ago, you were the pushy one."
"I know," I said. "But this time, I want to do things properly. I'm really busy right now, and I don't have the desire to waste my time on a non-serious relationship, fun as it may be. I don't want to do that anymore. So, we'll meet a couple of times on campus, go on several dates, and we'll see how it goes after that."
"What about dinner with your supervisor?"
"I said that for the busybodies," I said. "Do you want to do it?"
He looked at me, caressing my hands in his, thinking about the questions. 
"Yes. Yes, I'd like to have dinner with your supervisor. See what he’s like," he decided.
"OK. I'll tell him then, and we'll arrange a date."
"I'm glad," he said. "That you're letting me into your life. For real this time. Last time, I only ever met your friend Joe when he came to confront me after our breakup."
"Wait," I said. "Joe came to confront you after we broke up? Did you fight?" Joe was quite a good fighter, but he wasn't a professional. It would be stupid of him to pick a fight with a cop. Stupid, but brave.
"We did. He even managed to beat me properly. Of course, he ended up way worse than I did."
"I hope you didn't make any trouble for him." That would lower my opinion of him as a man.
"I didn't," he said, offended. "That was a man-to-man conversation, and reporting him for that would be wrong. No, we just sorted it out on our own."
I smiled. It's nice to know Joe's a good friend. I was going to have to buy him a beer and forgive him for his suspicions. 
"That's sweet of him," I said. "To defend my honor."
"You don't seem like the kind of girl who needs her honor defended," he observed. "And I thought you didn't like that. You never let me defend your honor. I had to take you to the hospital instead."
"Of course not. If I wanted you beaten up, I could have done it myself. I'm quite good in a fight. You've seen me."
"That's because you fight dirty," he said. "But if you had to fight clean, I wouldn't be so sure about it. I'm pretty good, too. And you don't tend to fight one-on-one."
He had a point there. Despite dark arall girls being as strong as ordinary boys our age, we were still weaker than the boys of our kind. So there was only one thing you could do against annoying boys who liked to fight, which was gang up on them and fight dirty. Although there's no such thing as fighting dirty in a street fight.
Antisocial as I was, I quickly learned to join a group of girls like me, making sure to protect each other from the most annoying boys. Fighting a boy of our kind one-to-one would be stupid, and magical girls didn't tend to fight with non-magical boys. The taboo against fighting with girls was too strong in non-magical boys. And, since they didn't tend to pick on us, we left them alone. There were plenty of boys of our kind that brought us trouble anyway.
As an adult woman, I never get challenged into a fight. All the fights I was ever involved with were group affairs, with plenty of people on each side. Partly because nobody would fight me alone. In Ashford, women of my kind are rare, so the men here don't even think of fighting me, as they think of me as a woman, to be protected. And the dark arall men I encounter, they have enough with the power plays and fights among them. They leave me alone, and I leave them alone.
One-on-one fights, in the open, without weapons, or tricks, like a sport, is not something I do. I don't play when I fight, I fight to win, to maim, and don't tussle. Except for my brothers, who love a good tussle.
"Do you want to see?" I asked. "You invited me to your training gym at the ball. I could take you up on the offer." It'd been a while since I fought with anybody, not having the time to go out for drinks anymore. And the area surrounding the campus was just so safe. And all the pubs had strict bouncers; the owners didn't want their places destroyed each night.
"Not today," he said. "I've got a proper date set for today. Even bought tickets for the theater. Ever been to the theater?"
I shook my head.
"Well then. You'll see the theater. I can take you for some training on Wednesday. There's this place I train at. I'll pick you up after I finish work, and we can go there. Bring comfortable clothes."
#
The play was quite funny. A story about a marriage between a dark woman and a light man, it was the most unrealistic thing I'd ever heard of. The opposite combination, I can imagine. But this? I had to hold my giggles for most of it.
"It's supposed to be a tragedy, you know," Jack told me during the intermission. "You're not supposed to laugh. Glad you're enjoying it, though. Would you like to go for a drink?"
"Oh, yes, let's go for a drink. I never thought people imagined us like this." If it weren't funny, the man playing the woman (without shaving his beard, at that; couldn't he put some effort into this?) would have been pretty offensive. I mean, women like me may be strong, and not the prettiest, but we do look feminine. I sometimes even wear makeup. And a dress.
"So, I guess you liked theater," he said, hugging me by the waist, as he gave me a glass of wine. I put a hand on his waist, too, enjoying the warmth beneath the shirt. "I don't think I've ever seen you laugh this much."
"That's because we usually just went for drinks. It's the first time you've taken me to a nice place."
"I didn't think you'd want to," he said. "But didn't we go to that ball? I would say it was quite nice. You even wore a dress."
"Well, now you know. And you didn't take me to the ball, I took you to the ball. It's different."
"So you really intend to make this hard on me, do you? Was the advance you offered just a mirage, so you could solve the issue with the rumors?"
"This isn't some elaborate revenge," I said. "I've changed. I'm not the child I was at eighteen — I'm an adult woman now. And I don't play mind games, whatever you think. So take it or leave it. We agreed on how we'll settle this, and that's how we'll settle this."
"I just feel uneasy, with this issue left between us," Jack said.
"Do you want to wait for the time when it gets solved? Because I don't know when I'll need a favor big enough to repay for what you did. It may take years."
"I'll deal with it then," he grumbled. The bell announced the end of the break, and he gently directed me towards the hall. "But try not to laugh too hard when the tragedy ends. People will misunderstand you."
#
When he came to pick me up for the training, Jack became insufferable. He bombarded me with instructions about what I could and couldn't do. Who knew there were so many rules in a fight.
That's why I don't fight as a sport. Being bound by rules, diminishing one's effectiveness on purpose — what's the point in that? I never liked physical pain — and a fair fight seems to increase the chance of being hurt. After all, when you punch somebody in the face, you may break their jaw, but your knuckles will also get hurt. With a knuckleduster though… Or my favorite, steel-reinforced gloves, which were warm and practical enough to walk in them in winter.
As I came into the training hall, I understood Jack's insistence more. The place was full of cops. Nobody was in uniform, but I'd seen enough of the streets to recognize a cop from a mile away. And everybody here was a cop. I even recognized the cop who detained me once after a bar fight. Of course, the people I fought with agreed not to report, and he left, but not before reprimanding me.
"Why did you bring me here?" I hissed at him, politely smiling at the guy, who spotted us and started coming towards us.
"Well, you say you are a different person now. That you want to be serious. So I thought I'd introduce you to my colleagues," he whispered, also smiling at the sergeant. "Sergeant Brown, I'd like to officially introduce you to my girlfriend. Miss Dana Bedwen — you may remember her."
The sergeant smiled, extending his hand towards me. I grabbed it and shook, firmly.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen. Sure, I remember. So you've become serious now — no more bar fights, right? Seeing how you’re back with the Detective now."
"I can still fight, Sergeant. I'm just too busy now. But Jack wanted to train with me so much — I just had to come." I said.
"It's great that you support your boyfriend this much, Miss Bedwen. Maybe, on another occasion, you could also train with me? I'm sure it would be instructive for both of us." The sergeant said.
"Sure, sergeant. But for now, I'm going to train with Jack. That's what I came for, after all." I said, heading towards the changing room.
"Wait," Jack said. "You remember the rules, right?"
I rolled my eyes. 
"Of course. No biting, tripping, eye-gouging, strangling, attacks to the genitals, or reinforced gloves."
The sergeant, who'd been listening, laughed.
"A tough girl you have there, Detective. You sure you won't regret this?"
Jack just ignored him.
"Right. Don't use your reinforced steel gloves."
"But I'll hurt my knuckles otherwise! Look at my pretty hands," I said, extending the hands I'd just manicured yesterday. "I don't want to break my nails. Just painted them yesterday."
He took the hand and examined the purple-colored manicure. As an alchemist, I rarely ever paint my nails, but yesterday I was feeling girlish. 
"We can't have my girl's beautiful hands ruined," he agreed, kissing my hand, which had been the whole point of this. "So wear padded gloves."
"I don't have padded gloves. And yours would be too big. Whereas look," I took my favorite steel-reinforced leather gloves. "These are just my size!"
"We talked about this. Sergeant," he turned, "could you find padded gloves her size?" He turned back at me. "You wouldn't want to maim me, wouldn't you?"
"A little?" I said.
He kissed me.
"Always loved it when you were so bloodthirsty. But could you just not try to kill me?" he said, stroking my neck just like I liked it.
"If you are nice enough to me," I finally agreed. 
#
After the warm-up, I considered my options. I'm a good fighter, but, admittedly, Jack is right. I always try to win with the least possible effort — so I always use all weapons available to me. But for the training, I had to remove even my shoes. The reinforced tip, heavy boots I always wore, were practical for daily use and could survive both a fight and even being stepped on by a horse. And were great in the lab, too, where I frequently handled corrosive chemicals. And while I respected safety procedures, some of my classmates… didn't.
Without weapons and tricks, Jack had an advantage. He wasn't stronger than me, that's true. But he had more experience in this kind of fight, and he was familiar with this place. And he was taller than I was. Now, sometimes tall people are more awkward, and greater maneuverability is an advantage. But Jack wasn't awkward, his well-trained body equally gracious in a dance and in a fight.
There was only one way to reduce the advantage his longer arms and legs gave him, which was to get really close to him. If he was at my punching distance, then the longer reach of his kicks would not give him the same advantage.
So, as I let the first punch glaze me, I got close to him — and stuck at that distance. It was almost like dancing a waltz — only we were exchanging punches. I did my best — but he managed to break off in the end, finishing me off with a symbolic kick to the head — which didn't hit me, but counted towards the points the sergeant was loudly counting.
"OK," I said. "I admit, you win at this kind of fight. Which is why I don't fight like this."
"Great fight, Detective," the sergeant said. Why did he always have to butt into other people's conversations? "You chose a great girlfriend. She almost won."
"Right," Jack said, hugging me, getting outside the ring. "You didn't let me win, did you?" he whispered into my ear.
I laughed.
"That's even funnier than that play," I told him after a while. "Letting you win! Why fight to lose? That's the most illogical thing I'd ever heard. Or did you think it was too easy? Because I could see that you were struggling, don't deny it."
"I won't. You were great. I can see why you ended up with so many assault charges."
"Which got dropped on mutual agreement," I pointed out. 
"They did, didn't they? You always fought against worthy opponents."
"Yeah, we would all beat each other equally, so it was in the interest of all participants to not report. Anyway, it was fun. I'll go shower now," I said, getting out of his embrace.
"Let's go for drinks after this," he shouted at my back.
"Sure," I said.
Chapter 16

As I started regularly going out with Jack, my absences at dinnertimes became more frequent.
"You seem to be much busier now, Miss Dana," grandpa observed, eating a bite of toast. "Are you spending more time with that beau of yours?"
"Well, yes," I said, taking another bite of bacon. Bettie had started to mix it up with mushrooms and spinach, to make it healthier, so I had to scrounge my plate looking for the tasty bits.
Grandpa nodded.
"He seems like a nice man, for sure. But are you aware that some men who would court you are doing so without sincerity?" he said, buttering up another piece of toast.
"You mean, do I know that sometimes people like me get assigned with spies?" I asked. He seemed so surprised, he didn't take a bite of the toast, looked at it awkwardly, and just placed it on the plate. 
"They are not called spies, per se," he said, carefully stating his words. "Rather, 'supervisory advisors' is the term used."
"Yeah, I've heard that term. Nothing new under the sun, right? To recycle terms used by Inquisitors for prison guards."
He sighed.
"If you're aware of it, Miss Dana, then why are you going out with that young man? He certainly looks the type. Policeman, young, no family, with ambitions."
"Well," I said. "As you know, I'm not a mage, and I won't ever become one. While they might not have known about it and thought I was going to become a great mage-alchemist, they know better now. It's not like I've been hiding any great magical talents or anything. So there's no reason to get another spy assigned anymore."
"I wouldn't think I'd ever say that about a dark arall," grandpa said. "But it's a real pity you don't want to become a mage, Miss Dana. You certainly have the talent for that. You seem to have a lot of ideas that could truly modernize modern magic."
"I can do that without becoming a mage," I pointed out. "With your help, Gramps. Aren't you glad of being part of a revolution in magic? Speaking of the revolution," I said, fishing the last bit of bacon out of the mushroom-spinach mix, "I'd like to ask you a few more questions about the spells we practiced yesterday. You see, something just doesn't match between your description and the calculations I made."
"I'll try to explain it to you," grandpa said "but as I've already said, the terms used in describing magic are not very exact. You have to see it to understand what I mean."
"Well, you have to be a mage to see magic. As a magical person, I only ever get a vague feeling of magic."
He stood up and headed towards his office, where we did most of the magic discussion. I followed him.
"Have a nice day, Billie," I said to Billie, who had finished breakfast much earlier than I did, and had just been playing soldiers with the cutlery. "Me and grandpa are going to work. You go play."
"You should come play with me," Billie said.
I ruffled his hair, which started to become grayish. Sometimes I forgot he had a really old body.
"I will," I promised. "Tonight. I'll come, and we'll play with all the trains, OK? Now, go, be a good boy." 
After which I run towards grandpa's office. He usually always made sure to say something before he left the table. Acting like that meant he probably had an idea he was thinking through.
#
The door was slightly ajar, so I didn't knock. Grandpa tended to find knocking more distracting than me entering and patiently waiting for him to pay attention to me. Which is what I did, sitting on the comfy chair I brought to the office and grabbing yesterday's notes off the desk. He was deep in thought, rummaging through his books and folders.
I continued checking the notes, writing the questions I had on the margins. It was never a good idea to distract grandpa when he was deep in thought. It was useless anyway and tended to just anger him.
"No, it's not! You could, with training!" he suddenly exclaimed.
I lifted my head from the notes, puzzled at the non sequitur. What was he talking about?
"Gramps," I said, putting all the notes aside. "I'm sure you've reached a brilliant conclusion to a question you think I've asked, but I don't understand what you're saying at the moment. Could you clarify, please?"
"Well," he said, pacing around the office. His strides were long, so even though the office was ten feet across, he did it in four steps. "You said only mages can see magic. And I remembered seeing some historical references about the times before the Inquisition. Apparently, as becoming a mage was quite dangerous, but seeing magic could still be very useful to avoid spots with wild magic and such, arall were trained to see magic."
Seeing magic would make my research go better.
"Do your sources also mention how this training worked?" I asked.
"They don't," he admitted. "But we can try using the same training methods that are used for those who have undergone Initiation. At least we know it is possible at all to see magic without being able to use it. The mechanism for that could be the same for both mages and non-mages. What do we lose by trying?"
"Time?" I said.
"We're already wasting so much time with me trying to explain what I am seeing. Explaining the rainbow to the blind is extremely difficult. If we can make you see magic, then we can save a lot of time."
"But I don't want to spend too much time on it," I complained.
"Give me a day," he said. "Saturday. I'll prepare a bit, read some materials, and we'll see what we can do. If you remain unconvinced by the end of the day, we'll reconsider it."
"Deal." It was a long shot, but I could always try. Maybe it would be useful for work, too.
#
Friday was the first salary day, and I was quite excited. I prepared a report on the work I had done so far and headed to Captain Greggs' office. He hadn't given me an appointment, so I just knocked.
"Come in," I heard, and I entered. The Captain looked up from the documents on his desk. "Ah, Miss Bedwen, I see you are here to report?"
"And to get my first paycheck, sir," I helpfully reminded him. I would have done the work for free, anyway, but I wouldn't have signed any oaths of secrecy.
"There's no paycheck," Captain Greggs then said. Then he pointed towards the chair. "But, before you say anything, Miss Bedwen, let me explain. Sit down on that chair."
I sat, dumbfounded. What was happening? No paycheck? I wasn't going to get paid for my work? What was the point of this, then? If I wasn't going to get anything out of the work — no fame, no recommendations, and not even a paycheck — was it worth it to work on it just for access to secret information?
I had to admit to myself — yes, it was. To work on the secrets of long-lost alchemical civilizations, being able to access secret information (even if it was mostly dull reports on spouses accusing each other of infidelity and witchcraft), was a bit thrilling. But to admit it publicly — to let it be known to others that I was willing to work for free… The cost to my reputation and self-worth that would mean… So I had to get paid. Or I would walk.
"Now," the captain said. "I see by the expression of your face, Miss Bedwen, what you are thinking. But let me explain first. We will pay you for your work. In fact, let me get this out of the way first."
He pulled out his desk's top drawer a thick envelope and handed it to me. I took it and opened it immediately. It was full of cash. I carefully counted the bills. It was the salary that had been promised to me, in its entirety. I looked at Captain Greggs, expecting an explanation.
"As you already know," he said leaning forward in his chair, "this project is secret. We're studying the materials found in Forg island, and trying to decide what to do with them. But there have been many people in the ministry who have been trying to shut down this project, which is why we've decided to compartmentalize it."
"So, officially, I'm not working here?" I asked. This was something I'd only ever read in terrible spy novels. Could it be possibly true?
"Yes. Officially, you're not working for us. I personally destroyed your contract with us; there's no trace of you in our documents."
"So is this my severance package?" I asked, holding the cash envelope.
"No, that's your stipend. Your tax-exempt stipend you don't have to declare to the tax authorities."
"Cool." Who wants to pay tax, anyway? "Will I be receiving more of this stipend?"
"Yes. Monthly basis, as we agreed before."
"So I don't work for you, but you still want me to come to work… And I'd be receiving a stipend for working for you… How will you justify my access to the lab? I have to show a permit to come here."
"Don't worry, Miss Bedwen. We've got it all sorted," he said, sliding a folder across the table.
I opened it, examining its contents.
"Collaboration between the Intelligence Corps and me on the," I read slowly, “Decline of Alchemy in Ancient Yllam and the Legal systems that drove it. That seems to overlap my minor thesis quite well."
"Exactly. That's what we'll be doing. Of course, the results of your research won't be secret. We're merely offering some help in this, as the state of our alchemy is critical for our nation's defense. The decline experienced in Yllam a thousand years ago seemed to be quite sudden and unexpected. Can't have something like that happening in Kalmar."
"So, let me get this straight," I said, drumming my fingers on the desk. "I'll be working for you on the secret project, but I'll also write a report — for free — on a non-secret copy, which you'll submit to your superiors to explain what we're doing here."
"Well, yes. But you don't have to spend too much time on the report. You can just make it part of your overall thesis, a standalone chapter."
Great. As if my workload wasn't high enough. But at least the pay I'd get would let me have a face-saving justification to keep working. I really needed access to the archives.
"I see you've got a report of your work so far there, Miss Bedwen?" the captain asked. I handed him the file, with all the scant information I had collected on the history of the Forg islands, with all the mentions of ancient civilizations I could find. The alchemical analysis of the button was included. A simple plastic, nothing special. Except that it survived for a thousand years, in great shape.
He examined the contents of the folder. It wasn't very long anyway, so he went through it quickly.
"Great work, Miss Bedwen. A lot of work done in a month. I'm glad to have chosen you for this project. Keep up the good work." And he gestured for me to leave.
I left, still trying to digest what had just happened.
#
I don't know which shenanigans the captain is involved in, but it's not like the research I'm doing involves anything dangerous. It was so bizarre; the cash payment, the secrecy, the cover. All over a button found on an island on the Yllamese coast, thousands of miles away from here. There was no possible use in defense, or offense, for that matter. So I just decided to ignore it all. I wanted to keep access to the archives and being paid was nice.
I decided to not think about it anymore, pushing the issue to the back of my mind. After all, I had more pressing matters to attend to right now.
Such as grandpa's insistence on making me learn magic. Why did he insist so much? I had made my decision a long time ago, and I wasn't going to change now. I was an alchemist, period. If I didn't have it in me to become a mage, so be it.
Becoming a mage brought with it many obligations and responsibilities. The draft. Police control. Need for licensing. I would have to study at university for at least an extra year to get licensed. And then I would need to find a master to apprentice under. The apprenticeships for university graduates are shorter, at just three years, but still. I would have to listen to my master and obey. I would go from being a highly sought out specialist to being an errand girl, working hard taking care of a master. To learn to control magic. I didn't want to participate in that system at all.
So when I came to grandpa's house, I was really skeptical. After I spent way more time than usual eating breakfast (in which Bettie had conveniently hidden the bacon better), grandpa just stood up, full of enthusiasm.
"Let's go, Miss Bedwen. You promised me a day, so no time to lose!"
Why was he showing so much enthusiasm? It was quite suspicious.
Chapter 17

I never thought learning magic could be this boring.
"Sit down," grandpa instructed me. "And try to feel your magic. It's spread through your body, unformed, at the moment. The Initiation creates the channels and concentrates it within you, making it usable. We aren't going to create magic channels. The eyes don't need a lot of magic. Just start feeling the magic in your eyes. Try to focus it on this," he said, putting a pendant on the floor. "This is an artifact. It's a very simple one, with large magic channels. It's used to train students; you should start to see how it works by the end of the day."
"You just want me to spend the day staring at this thing?" I asked, angrily.
"Not just staring; trying to feel its magic. You can feel magic, can you? Well, try to feel the magic in it; the magic in your eyes; make them interact," grandpa said, taking a few folders from the shelves. "Now, concentrate; I'll work on my lecture plan. Our experiments have taken up much of my free time, I need to do some work."
"You could have said if you just needed some time to work," I grumbled. "Instead of trying to find an excuse to occupy me."
"Miss Bedwen," he usually became more formal when he was annoyed. "If you've got any questions related to this exercise, I'm at your complete disposal. So, what would you like to ask?"
"Nothing."
"Then start trying," he said, cutting off my attempts to slack.
I sat on the mat he had placed on the floor, staring at the pendant. Nothing was changing. I decided to do what he told me to; try to feel its magic. Like I had done with that button several times. I breathed, relaxing.
The pendant was quite easy to feel, alright. A simple artifact, he said? This artifact was an attack weapon, designed to throw fireballs at an opponent. Incredibly simple — and effective only against an opponent who doesn't have a shield artifact. 
Unfortunately, the artifact was absolutely legal — you can buy them in any magic shop for a crown — and they were only useful against poor criminals. Which a mage with the age and skills of grandpa could easily defend against, anyway. So it probably was used by a servant — on market days, many undesirable characters filled the city. I couldn’t use it as leverage against him. A pity.
I opened my eyes and stared at it. Now it was a pendant.
"Try to feel and see at the same time, Miss Bedwen," grandpa instructed. Wasn't he supposed to be working on his lecture plan? I guess it was just about torturing me after all.
So I tried to do that. Feel the pendant with my eyes open, that is. It wasn't working — whenever I opened my eyes, I stopped feeling anything, and obviously, I couldn't see anything with my eyes close. Duh.
"The hardest thing I teach my apprentices, Miss Dana," seeing how grandpa was back to informality, he was happy with the effort I was making. "Is to not switch between the physical and the magical. The difference between the two is in your mind. In the world, objects have magical and physical properties, inalienable from each other. Thus, gold, the metal alchemists love so much, as it is easily shaped and purified, is also loved by mages for the same reasons. Ordinary people love it for its rarity and beauty; we love it because it can be used for many artifacts."
Alchemists have long ago stopped chasing gold. Steel is a lot more useful. Gold is kind of useless. Have you ever tried a gold hammer? Other than being useful as coin and not rusting, gold cannot be used to make tools. And alchemists never tried to make pretty things. That's what jewelers are for.
So, try to think of things as both magical and physical. I never thought about the magical aspect of reality too much. Magic was just there, making useful things. Safety devices for the lab. Air filters. Regulating many production processes. I still had to learn how it works, its rules and notation — because alchemists have to work around magic's limitations.
I stared at the pendant again, trying to feel it. Nothing.
At some point, I got so bored that my mind wandered away, making random multiplications in my head. I sometimes do that when I meditate — it calms me down, puts my mind at ease. But now, I was supposed to be concentrating on feeling something. I tried to do it again, and that's when I felt it. Vague, faint — the feeling I had with my eyes closed, but while seeing the object. I could even feel where the main magic pattern was — a circle on the edges of the pendant. Feeling while seeing — it kinda felt like seeing.
"Gramps," I said. "I think I feel it."
"That's great, Miss Dana. About time, too. Now that you've been able to do that, let's go for lunch. It three p.m. already."
"Is it?" I asked, taking out my pocket watch. "Wow!" I wouldn't say time had flown by; it didn't. I had felt really, really bored, so timed moved really slowly. But last time I checked the watch, after what felt like an eternity, only an hour since the beginning of the exercise had passed. Had I become so immersed in the exercise, I hadn't noticed how five hours had gone by?
"Now that you have seen it's possible," grandpa said, "trying to visualize magic won't feel that pointless. I was starting to wonder, myself, whether it was possible at all to teach you. My apprentices had usually learned to feel magic in a couple of hours. But let's go eat. Using magic like this depletes it, so you'll be hungrier than usual. I instructed Bettie to make extra for you. And make sure to eat the vegetables, too. You'll need that."
#
Progress after the first breakthrough was painfully slow. After lunch, grandpa made me try to maintain a state of feeling magic for hours. Staring at that medallion was certainly really boring. But I started to see the use of it. Maybe I could use this at work? I wasn't really sure about what to do with the project, other than the literature search. And I was hired as an alchemist — surely I should come up with more than a report of what is unknown and unknowable?
I resolved to continue trying to learn to visualize magic while keeping on working on the archives and the studies. That, on top of the ordinary work schedule, meant I didn't have much personal time, so I only went on a few dates with Jack. And even those dates, I didn't take half a day off anymore. It was mostly dinner, and once a week, training followed by dinner.
"You know," grandpa observed one morning, as I was doing an exercise. To his relief, we'd dropped the experiments with his magic, so he didn't have to do weird spells anymore. "You seem to be able to focus much better after you go out. Seems like that beau of yours is good for you. You should bring him to dinner. You said you wanted to, right?"
"I honestly didn't think you'd take that seriously," I said, standing up and sitting on the chair, allowing my knees and bum a brief respite. "I thought you don't like who he is."
"I still don't. After living in a family whose profession was professionally spying and interrogating everybody, I came to value discretion and loyalty in my personal life. Why bring work into your personal life? Home should be a place to relax."
"You are proposing to bring him to your home, though," I observed. "Isn't that a bit contradictory?"
"Oh, I'll make sure somebody keeps an eye on him. He won't be allowed to wander alone around the house."
"Like I wasn't allowed to wander?"
"That was an exception. Really didn't expect anybody to just storm in that openly. But you should know, Miss Dana," grandpa's voice was still quite friendly. "That, if I'd thought you were a threat, I would have dealt with you. Don't do that anymore. Curiosity is not worth your life."
I shrugged. First, he told me he hadn't even been able to protect his family, and now he was issuing threats? What could he do, really… 
#
"Why do you want me to go have dinner with your supervisor, again?" asked Jack after he picked me up from the library.
"He invited you," I said, maneuvering around the ice on the sidewalk. The university poured sand and gravel on the sidewalks, but still, the floor was quite slippery. At least I wasn't feeling the cold at all, dressed as I was in a heavy sweater under a thick coat, with two layers of woolen socks and solid denim trousers. 
"Lots of people invite me. That's not a good enough reason for me to go to their house," Jack continued grumbling.
"It's important for me for you to get along. He's my supervisor, I spend a lot of time with him, and although all the rumors have quieted down, I think it's still important to keep showing there's nothing going on here."
"And why do you spend so much time with him? Going to his house for meals, spending weekends there. It's quite inappropriate for a single young woman to spend so much time with a widowed man 50 years her senior."
"Oh, please. It's been ages since standards have changed. And you didn't seem to think it was inappropriate for me to spend time alone with you in a hotel room. You seem to want to do so now, too." Despite respecting my desire to go slow, he still did pushed me on the matter occasionally.
"Are you saying it's the same?" he asked, with a hint of jealousy in his voice. 
We stopped. We were a hundred meters from grandpa's house by now, and this conversation had to be finished before we went in.
"Of course it's the same. I chose to spend time alone with you, because I'm a free independent woman. I don't have to report to anyone what I'm doing. I'm also choosing to spend time alone with him, albeit doing different things. And do you really think I'd prefer him to you? Are you really that insecure?"
I was starting to get angry. He'd never tried to control my behavior before. Did he think that our relationship being more serious now meant he could control me now? Because that certainly wasn't on the plate.
"No, I don't," he grudgingly admitted. "I just don't understand why you spend so much time with him. More than with me."
"Well, you can see for yourself today. I guess this dinner is going to be good for you, too."
#
As we came into the house, and Jack gave Bettie the wine bottle he brought as a gift, Billie rushed to the door. Between work and classes, I had barely spent much time with him, so he seemed to be eager to spend some time with me.
"Dana! It's been ages since you've played with me. You're always busy talking boring things with Papa. Let's go play!" then he noticed Jack, who was watching the interaction, with a shocked expression on his face. "And who is that?" Billie demanded.
"Oh, this is my boyfriend, Jack. Jack, this is Professor Bedwen's son, Billie."
"What's a boyfriend?" Billie asked, frowning. But then his face cleared. "Is he your friend? Then he can come to play, too!"
I looked at Bettie, who hadn't left yet.
"Is dinner ready yet?" I asked her. 
"Oh, no, Miss Bedwen. You can go play, for now. I'll call you when it's time for dinner," she said.
I turned towards Jack. He seemed to have recovered from his shock and was just standing, staring at me.
"Would you like to come? We'll be playing with trains."
"Eh, no, thank you," Jack said. "I'm sure your friend here won't want me to ruin everything. I'm sure I'll be able to find something to do before dinner."
"Grandpa has an extensive library," I pointed helpfully, as Billie started dragging me to his playroom. In these moments, I was reminded he was in an adult body. He was quite strong.
Chapter 18

As the housekeeper escorted him to the library, Detective Jack Taylor wondered about the scene he'd seen. He'd heard before about Professor Bedwen's son, of course. After he wasn't able to find anything through the official channels, he had started collecting rumors.
The rumors he heard were enough to tell him; this man was dangerous. Unlike Dana, who seemed to believe this man was just a harmless lawyer, he'd felt the danger that emanated from the man from the beginning. Her view seemed to be tainted by her first encounters with light arall, the sentimental fools that filled Ashford's student societies. Somehow, the fact that the Inquisition had been created and staffed mainly with light mages escaped her view. And this man had studied at the Inquisition College. To be a prosecutor. What more do you need to draw conclusions?
The rumors pictured a man that was far from the repentant mage he wanted to appear. An explosion in an illegal drug manufacturing facility; the death of a healer during a robbery; the death in prison of the members of a huge money-laundering scheme, all those people linked to what had happened to Willhelm Bedwen twenty-two years ago. All those things had happened years apart, and no links to Professor Bedwen were found. This old man was ruthless and knew how to bide his time.
And this man, for some reason, was spending a lot of time with his girlfriend. He didn't really think there was an affair going on. A dark woman and an ex-Inquisitor? But something was making those two spend time together. Dana certainly had many harebrained ideas. A brilliant alchemist, sure, but she was never very good at the art of intrigue. Better than most dark arall, but then, that's quite a low bar.
"Detective Taylor," he then heard behind him. He turned, seeing the man he'd been thinking about.
"Professor Bedwen," he greeted. "Thanks for the invitation. Dana is quite fond of you," for reasons I don't understand, he thought.
"Miss Bedwen's a lovely lady. Smart, proactive, hardworking. She's got a great future ahead of her. A pity she doesn't want to be a mage."
He stared at the old man, trying to understand. A steely gaze met him, the eyes of a predator. They stood there, for a while, trying to size each other up. The old man's stance reminded him of an Inquisitor he'd arrested. They needed a full assault team to subdue that man, who wasn't wearing anything other than his nightgown. This man had been trained by the same people and hadn't forgotten a single lesson.
"Dana also admires you greatly," he said, breaking the silence. "And she seems quite attached to your son. They just went playing with your son."
"Ah, yes, Bettie told me they went playing. Which is why I came to make you company," and keep an eye on you, was left unsaid. "It's nice that Billie has a friend. In Ecton, we lived a rather more… secluded life."
"Yes. I've heard quite a bit about your life in Ecton," he probed, trying to see if he'd get any response. The old man didn't flinch.
"Ah, my life in Ecton. There have always been groundless rumors about me. Like the rumors about me and Miss Bedwen, which you helped her quell. The rumors about my life in Ecton are also quite unfounded."
"As unfounded?" he asked.
"Well, you certainly know that the rumors about Miss Bedwen and me are completely untrue, don't you? So you understand that rumors can be based on nothing but coincidences."
"Coincidences."
"You don't seem to believe those rumors, either," pointed the old man. "Or you'd have shared them with your beau. And you haven't, so far. I'd rather you continue not sharing them with her, although I doubt it would change anything."
"Wouldn't it?" getting rid of this old man's influence seemed like a rather good idea right now.
"If anything, it would increase Miss Bedwen's opinion of me. Despite her rather atypical behavior, she holds the values of her kind dearly. So you wouldn't change anything by telling her."
"Yet, you'd rather I don't share the unfounded accusations against you with her," Jack said, puzzled.
"I would. But let's stop this unpleasant conversation! Do you follow the Bingham horse race?"
"Oh, yes. Lucky Champion seems to be the most likely winner this year."
"Well, who knows — with a name like that! Were they trying to jinx him?"
They continued with a discussion of the horse races, and the weather (horrible this time of year), until called to dinner.
It was quite fascinating to observe the sharp-eyed man, the wolf, putting on a sheepskin coat. The gaze he directed at Dana, who had just ruffled Billie's hair and told him to eat the veggies "Tell you what, let's see who finishes all the mushrooms first!", was strange. Not romantic in any way, that's for sure. But it wasn't the look of a teacher proud of his student. Oh, there was pride in that look. But there was also longing — and what seemed like… amusement? The old man looked up, and the moment was gone. The blank, poker face look he got didn't have the menace he'd seen before — but he could sense it there, underneath all the layers.
He wasn't understanding what was happening, but one thing seemed clear. Dana wasn't in danger with this man… for now.
So he took another bite of steak, with a piece of deliciously cooked greens. It's not like Dana would listen to him if he told her to avoid this man. If anything, informing her of danger would make her more reckless.
#
I'm not sure what Jack and grandpa thought of each other, but after the dinner, they never mentioned each other. None of them wanted to repeat the experience, either. I was OK with that, as it was starting to become harder and harder to keep our family relationship hidden from Jack. Now that he'd stopped asking, I could breathe easier, focusing on the rest of the matters at hand.
The lack of progress was quite frustrating. Four months in, and I barely had much more than I started with. It was also the time for my mid-year reports. We don't have exams in Ashford, except for the entrance and final exams. Those were next year, but there was still plenty of work to do. I had to submit the project plan and literature review for both my minor and major thesis. And, while the project plan of my major thesis had been written years ago (I wrote it as soon as I started university, as those working on their thesis could use the lab facilities for free), for my minor thesis, things were not going so well. Grandpa was a terribly demanding supervisor.
Every time I brought him the typed pages, he would quickly destroy everything by splashing red ink over everything. And he wouldn't let me fix things by amending the draft with notes, no. He demanded that I re-type every draft I was submitting to him.
"Only the last version has to be clean," I complained, as he made me re-type the same page around four times, fixing some minor mistake every round. "Why can't I fix the ongoing version and retype the final version?”
"Because that's sloppy. And I don't do sloppy, nor do I accept it from my students. Especially if the student in question is my grandchild."
"It's not like anybody knows you're my grandfather," I pointed out. "So nobody will accuse you of nepotism or something. Besides, nobody will see the drafts. Only the final version will be made available to the public."
Re-typing the literature review also meant visiting Prof. Derwen's office every time. Grandpa insisted I quote the supporting literature in the original language, which meant I had to go there and copy the fragments every draft round. Copying them from the previous draft was also sloppy, according to grandpa. And he'd know if I did that; turns out, him and Prof. Derwen were best pals. Figures. Of course grandpa's best friend was the most unpleasant guy in his department! But then, I couldn't stand any of them, so it's not like I'm a very objective judge of light arall character.
"Another round of corrections, Miss Bedwen?" Prof. Derwen asked as I knocked his open door. 
I had finished reading the books by November. It's not like they were that long. With a primitive binding, written manually, with quite a large font size, they were easy reads if you knew the language. Which I did, thanks to my father's insistence. 
"Yes. Could we start with the usual order, please, Professor Derwen?" 
By the fourth round of re-typing, I had made a routine for the copying, optimizing it to the maximum, so I could get it done in an hour. I had marked the lines on the page which the cited passages would occupy; the pages numbered and organized by book cited. 
"Professor Bedwen seems to be much stricter than usual," he commented, opening the locked bookcase. "So I'm expecting great results for the project. Especially after the presentation you gave at the Historical Society."
I nodded, sighing internally. I'd already been told there was quite a bit of interest in my work. Student's minor thesis' literature reviews usually passed with little notice or examination. Rumors said the Dean of IAIRD would personally review mine to make sure it passed muster. Which certainly added to the pressure. 
Still, re-typing everything to correct mistakes is stupid, especially when you're on your fifth round.
#
Work was going much better. Thanks to grandpa's insistence on me learning to see magic (which was probably in part to avoid working himself), I had started to partly visualize the button's magical symbols. What I was seeing was too blurry to make out anything with any clarity, but I could guess a few things. I gave the really vague drawings to the captain, who seemed quite happy at the results. 
"Have you gone through Initiation, Miss Bedwen?" he asked, checking the drawings, which I made with black ink and lots of water, to show how blurry it was.
"Ah, no," I said. "But I've learned a few visualization techniques."
"Quite a useful skill to have," he observed. Then he checked the rest of the pages. "And what are these?"
"Those are my guesses of what the original could look like. I'm just guessing, you see. But a few lines here and there, they really look like some ancient Yllamese texts."
"Text as magic? That's strange, isn't it? Magical patterns are usually drawn based on magical energy distribution."
For a layman, the captain knew quite a bit of magic theory. Most people thought magic works by making weird gestures and making strange noises.
"My guess is that it worked the opposite way. Magical patterns were drawn to mean a certain word and magical word, so they became pictograms that symbolized words."
The captain nodded, leafing through the report, scanning all the pages. He seemed quite cheerful, as if the pitiful attempts I made were above his expectations. The contrast between grandpa's exceedingly high expectations and the captain just accepting anything I gave him, was quite unsettling.
"Well, thanks to your report, and the extensive collection of literature," he said, leaning back on his chair, with the folder still open. "We might be able to interest the people in command of this project. We could even get some extra funding for another dig."
"A dig?"
"Yes, a dig in Forg island. We could go there in the summer.”
"We, sir?" I asked.
"Yes, Miss Bedwen, wouldn't you like to come to see the places you've written about in real life?"
"I'd love to, sir, but I'm no archeologist."
"No, Miss Bedwen, you're a much more valuable specialist than that. An expert in ancient magical alchemy."
"But I just know what I read from those books, sir. Anybody who reads my reports will get to know as much as I do."
Couldn't they hire a proper alchemist? Somebody who has more experience combining magical devices with alchemical ones, that is.
The captain crossed his arms and looked at me seriously.
"Miss Bedwen, have you thought about why we hired you, specifically, for this project?"
That was a question I'd had and had reached one logical answer.
"Because I'm cheap, sir?"
Barely minimum wage, they were paying me, the cheap bastards. No proper alchemist will agree to a salary that low.
"That also. But also because of the unique perspective you could bring, as a magical alchemist. There aren't many of those around."
That's true. I'd checked how many of the graduates of alchemy from Ashford were dark arall and only found three.
"What about the other three?" I asked. “And I’m sure there are others, in other universities.”
"The other magical alchemists are already working on other, much more practical and important projects. You are the only one with the right background who's free. Which is why, when I saw your CV, I immediately created this project. I didn't even think it would be possible to recruit the right person for the job. And Ashford is quite unique in its high number of dark arall. Maybe because it’s so close to Caerland."
If the project was created as a last-minute thing, that would explain why there wasn't much of a project plan.
After having been rejected so many times, being wanted for a job felt good. But it was still quite weird.
"Will I be able to work on this project until its completion then, sir?" I asked.
If this project got the right funding, I could do wonders. And maybe get access to the much more secret archives.
"Yes, Miss Bedwen, that's what I'd like," the captain said, sitting straight again. He then looked at the open report again. "These are just your guesses, right?" he then asked.
"Yes, sir, just guesses. I'll need more time to see anything with more accuracy."
"Well, then, Miss Bedwen, continue working on this until you do."
"I will, sir, but before I do, I'd like to take a brief break. The intensive work schedule has been a bit too much for me, and I'd like a short break."
"That sounds good. It's important to us that you finish your education. Come on Friday to get your holiday approved." 
"Thank you, sir," I said, and went out before he had a chance to change his mind.

Chapter 19

With the deadline for the minor thesis being Monday next week, this being a Thursday, I was feeling quite a bit of pressure. For this last-correction-of-the-final-final-final-correction-of-the-final-version, I took a much longer time than usual, carefully typing in paragraph after paragraph.
When I gave it to grandpa, expecting another flood of red ink, he just read through, taking a few pages out of the binder. After that, he signed the first page, indicating his approval. 
"Re-type these pages with the corrections I've indicated," he said, "and you can submit it. I would advise you to do it today, as the queues in the dean's office are going to be long."
"That's because they only open 10 am to 12 am," I pointed out. 
Some students missed deadlines because the dean's office always enforced a strict closing time. If you hadn't submitted by Monday, 12 am, you hadn't submitted. You should have gone earlier.
So I re-typed the pages as quickly as I could (thankfully, none of the pages were the ones that contained the copied Yllamese paragraphs), and rushed to the dean's office. A sizable queue had already formed, an hour before opening time. Quite rare for students to be early risers, but everybody knew the dean's office.
Submitting felt a bit anticlimactic. The secretary noted the form I filled detailing the details of my plan, checked for the signatures, and stamped the seal with the date. Still, this felt like something to celebrate, so I decided to go see Jack at his workplace. He would finish work soon, and we could go celebrate somewhere.
I entered the police station and sat on the bench for visitors. The station was empty at closing time, so the policeman at the reception approached me.
"Miss," he said, "we're about to close now."
"I know," I said. "I'm waiting for closing time."
"And why are you waiting here? There's a cafe on the other side of the street."
"I'm just waiting for Detective Taylor to finish work."
"Waiting for Detective Taylor? Is he expecting you?" the policeman asked.
"Oh, no, it's a surprise."
"Miss," he went on with the questioning. "What is the matter you want to discuss with Detective Taylor? If it's for a police matter, I can help you write a report." Man, he was annoyingly insistent.
"A personal matter."
"You shouldn't be handling personal matters at a police station, Miss."
"And I'm not going to. I'll just wait for Detective Taylor to finish work, and we'll handle our personal business outside the police station. Satisfied?" I was starting to get annoyed at this guy. Why shouldn't I be allowed to sit on a bench in a police station? It's not like I was committing a crime or anything.
The noise was starting to attract some attention, and people were starting to stare at us. I took out my pocket watch. There were still fifteen minutes until closing time. Was this guy going to be annoying me for the whole fifteen minutes? Man, that would be unbearable. I should have called. But I was already here, waiting for my boyfriend, and I wasn't going to move. It was a matter of principle now.
"Miss," he continued "a police station…"
I then saw the sergeant who had sometimes trained with me.
"Sergeant Brown! Hello!" I called him.
He came by, quickly assessing the situation. He was in uniform. I wasn't really used to seeing him in anything other than the comfortable training gear. He looked rather sharp in uniform.
"Hello, Miss Bedwen. Waiting for the Detective to finish work, I see?" he asked cheerfully.
"Yes," I said. "And I honestly can't see why I can't sit here for fifteen minutes. There are plenty of chairs left, it's not like I'm occupying the last one."
The sergeant looked at the police receptionist, who seemed less sure now.
"Of course there's no problem, Miss Bedwen. It's just that it's rare to see a dark woman in a police station with peaceful intentions. So the young man here was just showing a bit too much worry."
"I'll sit here, then," I said, settling the matter.
#
It seemed like they weren't too happy with that solution, though, because a minute after the conversation ended and everybody scattered, Jack came out.
"Dana!" he exclaimed. "How come you're here? Why didn't you call?"
"I just missed you," I said, avoiding hugging him, as we were at his workplace after all. "And I wanted us to celebrate.”
"Celebrate what? I haven't forgotten your birthday, haven't I?"
"I've finished an important part of my thesis. I'll be having more free time soon."
"That certainly calls for a celebration! But it's a bit early for dinner. Should we go for a drink?"
“Don’t you end in fifteen minutes? Why don’t we discuss it then? I’ll just wait here,” by this time, I just wanted to make a point by sitting on the bench until closing time.
He looked at me, the receptionist, everybody else who was looking, and made a decision.
“I work so many extra hours,” he declared, “that if I go out a bit early today, nobody will care. So just wait a second, I’ll grab my coat and we’ll go out.”
“OK. Take as long as you need,” I said, making a point of sitting on the bench again.
He was very quick at grabbing his coat. Everybody at the station was staring at me by this point. I smiled at them.
Jack came back, with his coat in his arms. He started putting it on.
“Let’s go,” he said.
I could see he was in a hurry to go out, so we did, but I had to discuss what had just happened.
“Are you ashamed of me?” I asked, maybe a bit too confrontationally.
He looked at me from his 6 foot height, exasperated.
“Why would you think that? I’ve introduced you to my colleagues in the gym, haven’t I? As for what happened just now… Some people can be difficult. That’s all. I didn’t want it to escalate.”
“I did nothing wrong,” I pointed out. “I was just waiting for you. Maybe I should have called, but it was a bit spontaneous. I thought you’d like it.”
“And I did,” he assured me. “But next time, call me. I’ll try to smooth things out. We’ll need to get my colleagues trained for them to get used to this.”
That cheered me up.
“You’ll try to make your colleagues accept me?” I asked, feeling a tingly sensation in my stomach.
“Well, if you are going to be a permanent part of my life,” he said. “It’s quite normal that you’d visit me. Wouldn’t want it to become such a spectacle every time.”
The tingly sensation increased. Being let into Jack’s life felt great. It was… what I had been waiting for. I breathed in, taking the plunge. 
“Those drinks we talked about,“ I said, “I’d like to have them in your house." 
He stared at me. After all the times he invited me there, I was the one deciding the right moment for me. It felt good.
"You sure?" he asked. "You wanted to take things slow."
"I did. But this has been slow enough for me already," I admitted.
"Great," he said, raising his hand to hail a cab.
"Isn't your home close to here?" I asked.
"It's quite close, yes," he said, grabbing me below the waist. "But I've got an urgent matter at home."
As a cab stopped, he opened the door for me, helping me in, quickly instructing the cabby. He then sat by me and kissed me. The kiss felt just perfect. No more a promise of things to come, but a moment of passion in the here and now, slow, breathless, wonderful. As a bump on the road made us stop for a moment, I put my hands into his hair and kissed him again, with all the fire and built-up desire I had felt for the last few months.
When the cab arrived, the cabbie had to knock to make us get out, so entranced were we in our (third? Fourth? Who cares?) kiss. 
Jack quickly paid the cabbie, and we headed up, to his apartment, kissing on every step we were taking. I stayed a step higher than him, which allowed me just the right angle to reach his head, as on even ground he had to bend down to kiss.
I'm not sure how he managed to open the door to his apartment, as I started kissing his neck, hugging him from behind. We came plunging in through the door, quickly removing our clothes, with an urgency that burnt like fire. The many layers of clothes we were both wearing took an eternity to take off, an eternity we spent going from the corridor to the bedroom, losing layers of clothing with every step we took. He playfully pushed me to the bed when he arrived at the bedroom, and I fell onto it, breathless. He leaned, to kiss my neck, and moved to my breasts, as I hugged his back, scratching him a bit. He was about to take his underpants when I had a brief moment of clarity.
"Wait," I said.
"What is it? Do you want to wait some more? Because you sure made it harder for me to wait," Jack said, but still gave me the space.
"No, it's not that. It's just… Have you been to a healer lately? You know, to…"
"Ah," he said, amused, as he took his underpants off, and leaned by me. "I did, just a month ago."
"But a month ago, we were still…"
"Well," he said. "I wanted to be prepared. Now, woman, don't ruin the mood, and shut up," and he quieted me down in the most pleasant of ways.
It felt just right. We hadn't had sex in years, but our bodies knew each other. There was a familiarity and tenderness that is never there in the first times, combined with the built-up passion and longing of months of chaste dating. And, as he entered into me, it felt just right, like everything was coming together in a moment of an alignment of stars.
#
"So, what happened today?" Jack asked afterward, as we were lying face to face, caressing my back and waist. "You said you were going to be much freer now. Is that so?"
"It seems so, for the moment," I said, kissing a scratch mark I had left on his shoulder. "But don't worry, I'll always have time for you."
He kissed me again, going for my neck this time.
"I'm glad. But what made you change your mind? About us," he clarified.
"Well, it's not like I didn't want to go all the way in. I just… Wanted to be sure."
"And what made you sure?"
"Not really sure. It just felt like the right time. Everything's going so well now. I'm finally making advances with my work, the research we're doing with Prof. Bedwen is going really well, and I thought I should make our relationship go well, too. Not that it wasn't going well. I really liked having conversations with you. And going to the theater."
"I liked that too," he said. "But I did miss you in my bed." His hand moved from my back towards my breasts. I smiled and rolled on top of him.
My life's perfect. I've got a wonderful boyfriend, a family back home, and a family here. My research seems to be going well. I could become a magister. What could possibly go wrong?
#
I woke up unusually late — the sun was already quite high, peeking through the windows. I rolled around the bed. Jack was not there. I didn't want to get up, so I rolled around again, looking straight at the door. My body felt relaxed like I hadn't been in a while. I stared at the closed door, trying to summon Jack with my mind.
He came in soon (never expected that to work, actually), with a bouquet of roses. 
"Flowers?" I asked, sitting up.
"Good morning to you too. And yes, flowers. I won't bring breakfast to bed, because then we'll just get crumbs on the bed."
"So logical," I grumbled, accepting the flowers. I stared at the bouquet, trying to see what I could do with it. I couldn't eat it, right? And the thorns make for a terrible bed. I settled for putting it on the bedside table, pulling Jack towards me and kissing him.
"As much as I'd like to spend all day with you in bed," he said, gently loosening my grip, "I need to go to work today. I made some breakfast, so we can eat it now, and then I'll head to work."
"Sounds like a plan," I said. "But we could skip the breakfast part." I tried to grab him again, but he stepped away, making me stand up, completely naked.
Jack headed to the bathroom and gave me a bathrobe.
"As much as I like seeing you naked," he observed. "I really do need to go to work, and my clothes were just ironed. So put this on and let's get some food."
I put the bathrobe on, but not before stealing another kiss.
Breakfast was quite a fast affair. While he made me a tray of food, Jack just ate a couple of pieces of toast, after which he ran out of the door.
"Really have to go to work. But will we see each other again tonight?" he asked, leaning towards me for a last kiss.
"Sure," I said.
"Lock the door when you leave," he instructed me, going towards the door. "I left some towels in the bathroom so you can wash up."
"OK."
I followed him down the corridor, waving my hand by the door, as he rushed down the stairs, and returned to eating breakfast. The advantages of not having a fixed schedule. Of course, he always left work at four, whereas I usually worked till dinnertime, but still.
After having breakfast, and even cleaning the dishes, I headed to the bathroom, where I had a bath. Baths are not an option in the dorms, where we get long queues in the mornings and evenings. Even showers that take more than five minutes will get you extremely dirty looks from fellow dormmates.
As I dried myself after the bath and started to collect the clothes around the apartment, I pondered what I would do for today. I had to go see the captain today, to get my holiday approved. And afterward… Well, no idea, but it would be nice to take the day off just for myself.
Chapter 20

As I came into the building, I noticed the guard wasn't there. That wasn't so rare; sometimes, he just stepped out of his post to go to the loo. So I just signed my name on the entrance list (if I didn't, I would have to explain in excruciating detail what I was doing inside when I wanted to go out). The guards, who were all familiar with me after half a year of me working here, allowed some flexibility as long as I obeyed a few rules. Like signing up when entering.
When I was in the corridor where Captain Greggs' office was, I noticed the door was wide open. This was highly unusual, as the captain preferred to keep his door either closed or slightly ajar. I approached the door, slightly on edge by the unusual circumstances.
I couldn't see anything inside the office, as the door was blocking all the view from the corridor, sticking out. I pulled it towards me, and that's when I saw Captain Greggs, wounded, with a knife in his side, laying on the floor.
He was unconscious; I tried to shake him and slap him, but he wasn't responding. The puddle of blood was probably enough to kill him soon if I didn't get help. I grabbed the phone and didn't hear anything. Somebody had cut the line.
There weren't that many things I could do for him, other than call for help, but I tried to tie his wound with my scarf. I then run towards my office, where there was another phone line. It was the closest place I could think of, and every other door in the corridor was closed. If somebody was there, they should have heard the altercation and called the healers, right?
Time was of the essence, so I run to the end of the corridor, where the lab was. The door here had just been torn down. Did they cut the phone line here, too?
#
I came in carefully, checking if anybody was inside. If the attacker was still here, I had to be alert to respond. As I scanned the lab, I noticed that they had searched it thoroughly, destroying most things. Had they been looking for the stupid button?
The Captain's life was more important now. As I grabbed the phone, I was surprised to hear the line was open. I marked the emergency number, drilled into us since childhood: Zero-One-Two.
"Emergency services, how can I help?" said the cheery voice on the other side of the line. Too cheery. Were they supposed to be this happy when somebody was dying?
"I'm at the old Alchemy building at Ashford University, office G22. There's a man, wounded, with a knife in his belly. Need a healer to come."
There was a pause, as I heard a murmur on the other side of the line. I waited. Did they need any more details? Could I do anything? Finally, the operator said something.
"A healer has been dispatched to your address. Have you administered any first aid?"
"I tied his wound, and secured the knife, so it doesn't move. Other than that, I left him alone."
More murmurs on the line. Weren't they supposed to know how this works already?
"Our healer will arrive shortly. Could you go to the entrance, to show where the wounded man is? It's important that help arrives as fast as possible."
"I will. But I hope the healer hurries up; there's no time to lose, this man will die soon if unattended."
I hung up, heading towards the door, giving the lab a last scan for possible intruders. Nobody was there, but something was still bothering me. I paused, and heard the soft, blood-curdling tick of a clock. There wasn't any clock in the lab — I always used my pocket watch. In these circumstances — it could be…
I slowed my steps and saw what had bothered me before. There was something, occupying approximately a cubic yard, covered with a cloth. Considering the intruders had spent considerable amounts of time uncovering everything and checking all the shelves and drawers, why cover something.
I carefully pulled the cloth up. Yes. They had covered it so nobody would see it at a first glance. A cubic meter of nitroglycerin. With a timer attached to a detonator. I checked the timer and detonator — mechanical, with anti-tampering protection. And the timer had only a minute left. The timer ticked on, as I was trying to think. I couldn't outrun an explosion of a 1.5 tons of nitroglycerin, not in less than a minute. And, considering the sheer amount of explosive (how did they bring it? Thawing more than a ton of nitroglycerin was bound to be quite dangerous), the entire building was going to explode, with everybody inside it. 
There was only one way to stop this explosion. Magical fire isn't an ordinary combustion reaction. It can burn most things, leaving a greyish powder, which is alchemically identical regardless of what's burning. But mass makes a difference. A ton is a lot.
I hadn't gone through Initiation. I cursed my pride, which meant I couldn't safely use magic. So what if I were a level one mage? At least I could use my magic. But there was nothing else I could do anymore. I couldn't outrun this, as the timer was about to ignite the fuse. I was going to die if I didn't do anything, and magic would kill me if I used it.
Never wanted to be a hero. I'm not afraid of anything, but dying this pointlessly — without having avenged my family, without having achieved anything — was sad. But dying in an explosion was an even worse way to go, and at least I could go with a bang.
So I went into that meditation state I had used to observe that damn button. Deep within myself, I could feel my magic. Weak, diffused. It would have to be enough. So I started concentrating it, in my core, creating deep channels of energy within my energy body. Sucking every last tiny drop of magic out of my organs hurt — like I was pulling all my organs, bit by bit. But I kept on going, trying to first concentrate all the magic in my core, and then creating the channels through my arms, my hands, and fingers, putting all of it into a big ball of fire between my palms.
Fire is the most primitive of magic and requires no training, so that's how my magic looked like. And with it, I could feel like all the energy, all the life force was going out of my body. By the time I finished the ball, I wasn't going to be able to throw it anywhere. So I did what I could. I stood as close as I could to the bomb. When the ball formed, I would just fall onto it. And the magic fire with me.
As I felt my life escaping through my fingers, I chickened out in the end. When I felt like the last drop of magic — and with it, my life — was about to leave my body, I just smashed the fireball onto the bomb, making it burn, smokelessly, devouring everything around it. 
As I was feeling my hands burning, the pain was so great that I lost consciousness, falling backward. My magic was outside my control, and with it, my life. At least death would mean nothing would hurt anymore, I thought before I went into complete darkness.
#
Isn't death supposed to be painless? Because everything just hurt so much. My whole body just felt raw, sore, the channels of magic empty and itchy. Was I supposed to have a body in death? And eyes — which I tried to open, but could only see a narrow slit of light. And then somebody just yanked my eyes open, and a bright ray of light just blinded me.
"Pupils are responsive" I heard. I tried to move my body, say something — and I heard a groan. Was it me? "She's conscious. Miss Bedwen, can you hear me?"
I groaned again.
"You've been badly burned," I heard. "So go to sleep now. It will all be better when you recover."
And I felt all the pain going, my mind slipping into blissful sleep.
#
I kept waking up with the pain, just to be put to sleep again. This time, though, I actually managed to open my eyes fully. I saw a nurse leaning on me.
"I see you are awake, Miss Bedwen," she said. "I just called the healer. Would you like to sit?"
"Yaagh," my throat was so dry, I couldn't even utter a yes. As I tried to sit, with the help of the nurse and a lot of pillows, I felt how heavy my head was. My whole body ached. I looked at my hands. I must have burned them pretty severely, but they looked fine, even if the skin was a bit reddish.
"Waagh," I said, and the nurse understood me.
"Here is a glass of water, Miss Bedwen. Would you like me to hold it for you?"
I held it, although it felt really, really heavy. The water was the most delicious thing I'd ever tasted, relieving the pain in my inflamed, sore throat. I sipped slowly and finished the entire glass, which the nurse refilled.
An old man in a green robe, presumably, the healer, entered the room.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen, glad to see you're awake. No need to speak," he said, "I'll explain everything. You were brought in with severe magical exhaustion and third-degree burns in your hands. We had to sedate you and regenerate your skin, which is why you'll need to eat a very nutritious diet, as your body's resources have been exhausted."
I looked at my hands. The skin, pinkish, like a baby's, didn't have a single trace of the burns I'd suffered. But it looked like a skeleton's hand. Skin on bones — and I'd never been very skinny.
"And, since your body's magic was depleted, we've had to find a dark mage to pump magic into you. Let me tell you, Miss Bedwen, a mage of your strength should never have their resources depleted. What were you trying to do — change the course of a river? Move a mountain?"
I stared at him, dumbfounded. What did he mean, a mage of my strength? I'm not a mage — I haven't gone through initiation yet. And as for strong — is that a joke? I tried to ask some questions, but the healer stopped me again.
“Don’t talk. You can’t talk yet. I’ll tell you everything I can tell you. You were brought here a week ago. You’ll be released in a couple of days and will need to stay in bed and eat a lot for at least another week before you can do any exercise. That’s all I can tell you as a healer. But if you’ve got any more questions, the gendarmes who have been visiting you daily can tell you more. Would you like to see them? Don’t talk — just nod or shake your head.”
The gendarmes? One of the rules my mother, a lawyers’ daughter, had hammered into me, was “Never talk to the police”. As a good daughter, I followed that principle as much as I could. And, as much as I wanted answers, I was too vulnerable right now. So I shook my head. No, I didn’t want to see the gendarmes.
“Ok, then, Miss Bedwen. I’ll help you avoid talking to them as much as possible, but at some point, you’ll have to talk to them.”
#
The healer left, with the nurse behind him. I leaned back on the pillows, watching the door. Gendarmes? Not the police?
The gendarmes were federal militarized police that investigated magic-related crimes. As far as I knew, the only magic used was by me. So what was happening here? Were they trying to pin all the crimes on me? I kept thinking. There was something about the situation, something that meant I was in much more trouble than I thought I was.
Wait! The healer — he said I was a mage, right? And even though healers are light mages, detecting each other's magical capabilities was a universal skill, one that both dark and light magicians could use. So he thought I was a mage, and a powerful one at that… And arall don't become mages without Initiation. Which I didn't go through and couldn't have done in an unconscious state. But I did use magic — to the limit of my abilities — when I made that fire. So what if that had been my Initiation? After all, Initiation had been invented just a hundred years ago by the Inquisition. And there had been mages before that — which meant that the Initiation wasn't the only way of becoming a mage.
But if that was true, I was indeed in big trouble. A huge stack of papers had to be signed, and a whole lot of procedures had to be followed before any arall, dark or light, was allowed to go through with an Initiation. Anybody who skipped those steps and did an unauthorised one would be in big trouble. I couldn't prove that I hadn't gone through a secret Initiation — I had become a mage, didn't I? And I had not filed the proper papers. And who would believe me this was because I had been trying to save the day? A dark hero? Who would believe me?
I had to come up with something — anything — to save myself from having my magic blocked, the punishment for an illegal Initiation. Having your magic blocked didn't just mean you couldn't use your magic. Magic is part of arall bodies, it permeates everything we do, affects our feelings, moods, minds, and character. Arall who have their magic blocked become mindless robots with no desires, a fate not much better than death.

Chapter 21
The healer helped me as much as he could, but after a couple more days, they just barged into my room. I was allowed to speak by then, although I was still too weak to hold a lengthy conversation. Nobody was in my room, but I rang the bell to call the nurse.
“Please leave,” I said, my voice but a whisper.
The gendarmes, a middle-aged man and a young dark arall, looked at me, with no intention of leaving. The younger guy stood guard by the door as if trying to block anybody’s entrance. The middle-aged man started talking.
“Glad to see you’re awake, Miss Bedwen. You were quite fortunate to survive as well as you did. Unlike the poor Captain Greggs. Did you see who did that to him?”
I shook my head. Right — the Captain. With the bomb and me almost dying, I’d almost forgotten about the Captain’s wound. So he was dead now? But his wound hadn’t been lethal — surely, if they managed to save me, they could have saved him?
“I didn’t,” I said. “But who are you? Please identify yourself.”
They took out their badges. I looked at it, trying to memorize every detail. “Gendarmerie — Magical crimes,” it said.
“I’m Captain Briggs,” he introduced himself, “and this is Lieutenant Craen.”
Craen — a typical dark surname. Unlike mine, which is typical light, his suited him much better. Was he a mage? I glanced at him, trying to gather some information. The steely gaze he directed at me showed that I should expect no sympathy or help from my fellow dark arall. Well, not like I hoped for it or anything.
I nodded at both of them. The Captain was the one doing the talking, but the Lieutenant seemed the scarier one. He was observing me, with great interest, as the Captain kept talking. He was obviously here to deal with my magic.
“Right, right. So you saw nothing, but you were the one that found Captain Greggs dead, after which you run to a lab to make a call. And then a magical fire burnt the lab, with everything in it.”
I said nothing. Mother had taught me well. I should say nothing, even to defend myself, as any word I utter will be twisted beyond recognition. These gendarmes came to investigate a suspect.
The nurse I’d called tried to come in, but the Lieutenant, standing by the door, prevented her from entering. She left, hopefully, to get somebody with more authority.
“The Captain only had a stab wound when I saw him,” I said. “So you should learn what happened afterward. As for all the rest, my memory is fuzzy. Please leave; I need the rest.”
That’s everything I would tell them. Saying that I had seen the Captain, stabbed, wasn’t too good for me, but now, I had told the same story to the emergency calls operator and to the gendarmes. I hadn’t told them anything they didn’t already know about, but at least they weren’t going to catch me in a lie. Never lie to the police — that was the second rule of dealing with the police my mother had taught me.
The Captain continued talking, trying to… scare me? Intimidate me?
“Right, right. So you don’t remember anything else. How truly convenient. And the lab burnt, including all the files in it. You were working on a project with Captain Greggs — can you tell us what it was about?”
“He was helping me with my minor thesis,” I said. 
After all, that was the official legend. And it was also the truth. It wasn’t the only thing I had been working on, but it was true.
“Your thesis,” the Captain mused. “On the Legal systems and alchemy? Why was Captain Greggs interested in that?”
“He said that alchemy development is very important for the Kalmar Republic,” I said. 
He did say it.
“And that’s it — your thesis. That’s why you were working late into the evenings — for your thesis.” The scepticism in the Captain’s voice was quite clear.
“Yes,” I nodded. “I am trying to submit my minor thesis this year. And leave the major one for the next year.”
Who had sent these guys? Captain Greggs’ superiors must have known the contents of the project. And whoever killed him knew too. But these gendarmes seemed to have no idea about what was happening.
There were two options here — they knew I was working on a secret project, and what it was about. But I’d signed a confidentiality agreement and swore an oath of secrecy. If they pressed me, I could always point out that these guys hadn’t shown me any document showing they had the right security clearance. It would have been imprudent at best for me to tell them anything.
And if they didn’t know anything about the project, if their superiors didn’t know anything about it, that would mean the project had been cleansed. What proof could I give that I had been working on a super-secret government project? I even started questioning it myself. I was paid in cash — why not in checks? So it was best for me to keep my mouth shut, and stay out of trouble. Never mention the project, its results, or who knew about it. I was going to stick to my legend. That would be the best, for my own safety.
“Right, right. Unfortunately, all your research documents and books burned in the fire — nothing could be saved. Hopefully, you remember your results well enough to reconstruct it from memory. A pity, that. You’d been working on it for half a year, right?”
I shrugged. Considering the situation, the destruction of all the files in the fire was probably a good thing. Nobody would know the results of the research — except for the people who Captain Greggs reported to. Those who had him killed. 
“I have a written draft. It’s in the hands of my supervisor — you can ask him for it.”
“Professor Bedwen, isn’t it? We’ll ask for the thesis, then. But are you sure the fire didn’t burn anything else?”
“I am not sure what the fire did or didn’t burn, Captain,” I said. “Since I wasn’t conscious by then.”
“Right. And what caused the fire, Miss Bedwen?”
I caused a fire by burning a ton of nitroglycerin that was about to explode the building. And there was no proof since the ashes of magical fire are identical in all cases. But my magic would have left an indelible trace. They didn’t have a sample of my magic since I hadn’t submitted it yet. Mages only had to do it after an Initiation. Which I hadn’t officially gone through yet.
“Out of control magic, I guess,” I said. “But my memories of the fire are fuzzy. The shock, you understand.”
The Captain nodded.
“Ah, yes. The shock.”
He was about to continue with the questioning, but then, the healer came in, with the nurse in tow.
“My patient is still too weak for questioning, Captain Briggs,” the healer said. “And I must ask you to leave. Miss Bedwen needs peace and quiet to recover.”
The Captain looked at me, the Lieutenant standing beside him.
“You’re being released in a couple of days, aren’t you, Miss Bedwen? We’ll talk then.” And with that, they left.
#
After the gendarmes left, the healer, enraged, came to my bedside.
“To barge in like that! And to not even allow a nurse to come in — the sheer disregard for my patients!” he said, taking the usual measurements, checking me. “Thankfully, Miss Bedwen, you are fine. The questioning hasn’t worsened your state.”
“Doctor,” I said, “when am I being released?”
The questions the gendarmes had been asking had surprised me. I had expected them to ask about the Initiation. Instead, they asked me questions about the Captain’s death and the project. Did they suspect me of killing the Captain? They must have known that my injuries were magical in nature. So why weren’t they arresting me for unauthorized magic?
“In three days, Miss Bedwen. Your body has recovered from the injuries, so you should be alright.”
Three days. They were going to take me for questioning, get a sample of my magic, and pin it all down on me in three days.
“Doctor,” I asked. “Do you think I would be in a state where I could withstand interrogation in three days?”
He looked at me with a bit of sympathy. The gendarmes’ behavior hadn’t endeared them to him, certainly.
“We can’t keep you longer, Miss Bedwen,” he said. “The Floyd Fund, which is paying for your medical care, won’t pay for more than the strictly necessary.”
“And I’m not asking for that,” I said, “since I wouldn’t be able to afford a longer stay in the hospital anyway. But could you explain to those nice investigators that, if something happens to me during interrogation, it would be their responsibility?”
“And how do you propose to do that?” he asked, raising his eyebrows.
“Well, of course, by creating the proper paper trail. If you give them an official document that says very bad things would happen to me if I don’t recover sufficiently, they would at least try to get their superiors’ permission before they arrest me.”
“OK, Miss Bedwen. I’ll write such a document. I’m not going to ask you what you’re going to do once you go out of the hospital since it is not my business. But I don’t like the police coming after my patients and taking advantage of their weakness during interrogation.”
Typical healer. His help came more out of principle and status-seeking than compassion. It’s one of the reasons I like healers so much.
#
On the day of my discharge, both gendarmes came. The healer, as I had asked, accompanied me to the door.
“Miss Bedwen needs rest and good care, which is why I advised her to go home,” the healer said. “Here is the explanation.” I had a copy of that document. “She is too weak right now and can relapse if taken to the police station.”
The investigators were sceptical, but it was an official-looking document, with a stamp and everything.
“In that case, why are you releasing her? Why not wait until she is fully recovered?” asked the Captain.
“And who will pay for that? Besides, hospitals are not the best place for recovery. The care of family and friends and fresh air is what Miss Bedwen needs right now,” said the healer.
“In that case, Miss Bedwen,” the investigator said. “Let us accompany you. We’ll make sure you arrive home safely.”
“No, thank you, detectives,” I said coldly. “I’m going straight home from here, and I don’t need your help. Or do you want to arrest me now? In which case, of course, I’ll have to accompany you to the police station. Where you will be responsible if I collapse in the interrogation room.”
The argument seemed to convince them, as they accompanied me outside, and let me board a cab alone, after telling the cabbie my home address.
When I judged the cab had gone far enough from the hospital, I waited for it to stop at a crossroad and slipped out, having left a bill on the seat to pay for it. I went two blocks, after which I hailed another cab.
“To the train station,” I asked, this time.
#
After I bought a train ticket home, I examined the contents of my wallet. I had enough to buy food for a week, plus a bit extra. I used those extra coins to make a call through the payphone in the station. There was an hour before the train left. Better use it well.
As I made the call to his workplace, I hoped he would answer me. What would I do if he didn't?
"Hello?" I heard. "Who is this?"
"Jack," I said. "It's me, Dana."
"Dana! Where have you been this week? I heard there was a death on campus, and some people got injured after an explosion in an alchemy lab." So that was the story for public consumption. "Were you injured? I've been trying to find you, but nobody could confirm where you were."
"I have decided. What the weregild will be," I said.
There was a silence, but Jack quickly gained his composure.
"Are you in trouble? So you were injured, right?"
"I was. But that's not why I called you. The weregild — will you pay it?"
"As long as it's fair," he said, "and doesn't exceed what I did.”
"OK, then," I said. "I'd like you to sort the paperwork for my Initiation. Which happened last week."
"Initiation? Why would you get Initiated outside the official dates? Wait… you didn't, didn't you?"
“I did," I said.
“But how…"
"I can't tell you. It's not safe. It wasn't my fault, though, I can give you my word." I really didn't want this to ruin my relationship with Jack, but I needed to save myself more than I needed to preserve our relationship. Hopefully, he'll trust me. Because I couldn't tell him what happened. Not without endangering him.
"Where are you now? Let me pick you up, and we'll discuss it."
"There's nothing to discuss. Will you do it, or no?"
"OK," he said. "I'll do it. But that's it — the slate is clean. I don't owe you nothing anymore."
"Great. Thanks. Payment accepted. Just another thing. Jack…"
"I said no more favors."
"I'll just give you my address. Write me a letter when you solve this issue."
"A letter? Are you going somewhere? Are you running away?"
"I'm going home," I said. "Now, write it down, because it's quite long. There are three Crow Hills in Caerland. The one I come from is…"
Chapter 22

Professor David Bedwen stared at the letter a cab driver brought him, insisting on giving it to him directly. It was made of a piece of paper, folded inwards and on the sides, so it wouldn't open, even without a seal. No envelope.
"Who gave it to you?" he asked the cab driver.
"A girl. Dark mage, she was. Gave me a crown and told me to bring it straight to you. Told me you'd give me another crown if I gave it to you." The cab driver said, nervously crumpling his bowler hat.
"A crown, she said? I'll give you two. But don't mention you brought me the letter. Unless they specifically ask you, that is." He said, taking the bills out of the box in his desk drawer.
"Thank you, sir. My lips are sealed, sir," the cab driver muttered, quickly leaving the building. 
He wasn't going to tell anybody about this. Mages were trouble. What business could a dark mage have with a light mage? Whatever it was, it wasn't something ordinary people like him should stick their noses into. The only reason he agreed to carry this message was because he didn't know the person he was bringing the message to was a light mage.
The professor opened the letter, unfolding it carefully. It was written in the handwriting he had become so familiar with. The girl who claimed to be his granddaughter.

Dear Grandpa,
As you may have guessed by now, I'm in trouble. I was attacked, and, to save my life, had to gain control of my magic. Yes, I've gone through an unauthorized Initiation.
I am trying to sort out the consequences of this, but at the moment, I'm not really sure what to do. This is why, as the head of the family, I'm calling for a family strategy meeting.

He paused. Did she think she was the head of the family? That girl certainly was weird. He continued reading the letter.

Our enemy is strong, and our family has been weakened. Alas, my actions, intended to strengthen it, have led to the opposite effect — which is why I've decided to listen to the advice of my elders. So I ask you to come and impart me much needed advice, as my elder and my grandfather. Come to our family home, in Crow Hill, at the address below.
Please make sure you aren't followed. And be careful when coming — light mages are viewed with great suspicion here. Bring a weapon.

The address was long, with many instructions and several paragraph-length descriptions of the crosses and turns he had to make. But that wasn't all.

I'll understand if you choose to prioritize your and Billie's safety and don't come. But I'd like you to become part of the family again. I'll handle mother — she'll let you stay with us.
Your granddaughter,
Dana Bedwen

So this was it. It was time to decide. Would he trust this strange girl, who wasn't blood-related to him, or would he reject this strange order? There was only one thing to do, he decided. Billie was safer here. He'd made arrangements for when he had to leave, and Bettie could handle Billie for a couple of weeks.
"Bettie!" he called the loyal housekeeper, who had probably listened in to the conversation with the cabbie.
She came in, pretending to examine the cleanliness of the corridor.
"Yes, master?"
"Pack my winter clothes. I'm going to Caerland."
"Yes, sir," she paused, stopping at the door. "How long are you going for, sir?"
"Well, it takes at least a week to get where I'm going, so don't expect me earlier than a month. I'll leave you money. And I'll call Craig — he'll make sure to take care of Billie and the house. I expect to come back."
"Are you going today?" she asked.
"No, tomorrow, with the first train. It's too late anyway. Make sure to pack plenty of clothes — can't do laundry on the train."
The housekeeper nodded and headed towards the bedroom, summoning the maids. There was plenty of work to do. The professor also started making his own preparations. He marked his friend's number.
"Hello, Craig. Can you do me a favor? I've got an unplanned trip. Private business. Could you take care of Billie for now? Bettie can do most of the work, but somebody needs to come and check regularly if they need anything, just in case…"
#
As the healer advised, I rested on the bed, only getting up to eat in the dining car. I bought a ticket with an upper bunk, on which I stayed for the whole trip. The conductor, who visibly recoiled when he saw me, left me alone after checking my ticket once.
"Crow Hill," he mused. "That's the third to last station. We'll be there in a week."
"I know," I said, and grabbed my ticket back. "I'm from there."
The other passengers stopped bothering me after one of them tried to invite me for a game of bridge. Did I really look that scary?
The day before we were arriving at Crow Hill, I stepped out at one of the stations, where we had stopped for an hour. I found the nearest payphone and called father's repair shop.
"Crow Hill Repair and Machining shop, Sean Bedwen speaking," I heard.
"Dad?"
"Dana? Is that you?"
"Yes, it's me, dad. I'm arriving tomorrow, at the mid-day train. Could you pick me up at the station, please?"
"Of course. But shouldn't you be at university? Are you OK, dear?" I could hear the worry in father's voice. I hadn't called him earlier because I knew he'd worry — and worry mother, too. And it's not like they could do anything before I arrived.
"I'm as OK as I can be after a magical accident. Don't bring the boys — they shouldn't see me like this."
There was a long pause, as father was absorbing the information I'd just given him.
"I won't bring the boys, then. Should I also keep it secret from your mother?"
"She'd worry even more if we kept it secret. Just try to prepare her for this. You know her — she'll suffer more than I will." I looked at the station clock. "Listen, dad, I have to go back to the train — I'll tell you everything when I see you. Love you."
"See you tomorrow, then".
As I hang up, I could feel my hands trembling. Ever since I became aware of myself, I'd never wanted to worry or disappoint father. He'd always been very understanding, allowing me to get away with almost anything I did. But hurting his feelings meant hurting mother. She always took father's disappointment more seriously than he ever did. And mother was never forgiving. Or forgetful. This time, I was going to worry them both. Hopefully, I didn't disappoint them.
As I collapsed on the bunk bed, quite smelly after a week of laying on it, I tried to think of what I would tell them. There was probably no way to calm them. If my face scared my fellow passengers — what feelings would it elicit from my parents?
#
As we were arriving at Crow Hill, I tried my best to be decent. I couldn't change my clothes, which I'd worn for a week, as I'd boarded the train without any baggage. But I tried to wash my face and comb my hair with my hands, trying to make some simple hair updo that would make me look slightly better. I then put on all the warm clothes, trying to conceal my skeletal frame as well as I could. The hospital laundry had tried to fix my clothes, but they were still in quite a sad state, having survived a magical fire and a week of non-stop use.
The conductor came by me, personally making sure I went out. He probably didn't want me scaring his passengers any more than strictly necessary, but I still thanked him. Going out, climbing down the steep steps of the train ladder, I felt a little bit thankful I wasn't carrying a suitcase with me. In my current state, I would have fallen down with its weight.
As soon as I stepped down, the doors behind me closed, and the conductor used his whistle. The train left, towards the last station, leaving behind a huge cloud of smoke.
Crow Hill was the same as ever. Cold, full of smog, and barren, my hometown. I breathed, smelling the familiar smells of the coke plant and the blast furnace, which never stopped. It always was a reference point in Crow Hill, as you could see it brightly even in the darkest of nights.
The train station was almost empty, as not that many people step down in Crow Hill. I looked around; father should be somewhere, with mother behind. I was on the furthest edge of the platform, so I headed towards the station, slowly tumbling under the light of the gas lamps.
Then I saw them.
"Dana!" mother shouted, losing her composure for the first time in years. Father, paler than usual, was holding her arm.
"Mother. Father." I stumbled towards them, feeling — for the first time in a long time — safe, as I fell into their worried embrace. 











Part II














Chapter 1

Waking up in my childhood bedroom felt... weird. I had left Crow Hill four years ago, and only came back a couple of times. The week-long train ride was too long for many visits. The room was the same, untouched by time. The bed was still too short for me. The drapes on the windows, through which the sunlight came in, were the same dull, black, faded color. The air was fresh, and the bed linen smelled of sunshine and a bit of bleach; mother had probably aired the room and changed the sheets as soon as she heard I was coming.
I sat, drinking the glass of water mother had thoughtfully left on the bedside table. The room was quite warm, I noticed as the blanket slid down. The ambers in the fireplaces showed father had made a fire the night before. I opened the drapes; the sun was quite high, so everybody was up. I approached the door and listened in. My brothers were constitutionally incapable of being quiet, so if they were still at home, I would hear them. The house was quiet. My stomach grumbled. I was dressed in a camisole, which mother must have put on me. I considered changing, but that would mean I had to bathe first (after a week of traveling on a train, putting on clean clothes without bathing was unwise). And I was too hungry, and, despite a solid night's sleep, still too tired mentally and physically to organize a bath. So I put on a warm long dressing gown that had been too small when I left Crow Hill but was just the right size in my currently reduced state.
Going down the stairs, tightly holding the banisters, I could smell the smell of pancakes and bacon. It was quite rare for mother to cook my two favorite foods all at once, so she must be really worried about how thin I had become. No wonder, I even scared myself if I looked at my reflection too closely.
As I came into the kitchen, mother looked up from the stove, on which rashers of bacon were sizzling, right next to the slight murmur of the pancakes.
"Good morning, Dana," mother said, turning a pancake. "I made you breakfast. Wash your hands and sit on the table."
One thing mother never did was allow us to slack off. She always insisted she wasn't our servant and made us at least serve the table. The fact that she didn't even ask me to take a plate meant she was really worried.
"Good morning, Mama," I said, giving her a kiss on the cheek, and turning to wash my hands in the sink. "I'd like some tea with breakfast. Is the kettle in the usual place?" I said, going towards the cupboard that used to hold the kettle.
"Sit," mother ordered, putting a pancake on top of a pile she had just made. "I'll make the tea myself. Just focus on eating."
Mother never yelled at me as a child, and she certainly didn't start in my adulthood. But she had other ways to punish me, and this was it. Her care for me when she worried always felt much worse than any punishment. I had made the people in my care worry and see me as weak, what could be worse?
But, considering my current state, it was fair.

#
Digging down intermittently into the rashers of bacon and the pancakes, generously slathered with butter and jam, I started to feel full quite quickly. In my usual state, dealing with all this food wouldn't be too hard, but in my current state, I couldn't eat another bite after two pancakes and four rashers of bacon. Mother, who just sat silently in front of me, after serving the table, putting the food in front of me, and even pouring the tea and milk into my cup, then said something for the first time.
"Don't get up until you eat everything."
Mother had never forced us to eat, considering that children will naturally eat as much as they need, and forcing them will distort their natural appetite. Of course, we didn't get dessert if we didn't eat the veggies, but we didn't have to eat the damn veggies. I usually ate the veggies, unless it was peas. I hate green peas. They're mushy and tasteless, and when you bite into them, you feel like a bomb of icky stuff exploded in your mouth.
But, maybe because I'm not a child, this time, she was dead serious. I looked at the plate without appetite. Maybe I could eat more pancakes if I just didn't add jam or butter, I decided. But, as I was about to take a bite of a pancake under mother's watchful eye, the doorbell rang.
"Are you expecting somebody?" I asked, quickly heading to the door. Mother rushed ahead of me.
"Nobody should see you in this state," she said. She had a point, so I stayed hidden behind the door as she opened it.
I couldn't see who was there, but I could see mother's expression. Shock. Disbelief. Anger.
"You!" she almost screamed. "It was you who put my daughter in trouble! You're the reason she returned looking like a zombie!"
"Like a zombie?" I heard the question and immediately recognized the voice. It was grandpa. What was he doing here, this early? I had sent him a letter, but if he was here today, he must have taken the next day's morning train to Crow Hill.
I stepped from behind the door, trying to grab mother's arm so she wouldn't physically attack grandpa. She glared at me but stepped back a bit.
"I created the situation myself," I said, trying to soothe her. "And I invited him to get help dealing with the situation."
"You invited him?" mother asked, now directing her fury at me. "Into my home?"
"Into our home," I said. "If you really feel I don't have any rights to this home, as the host, I will have to find him another place. And go there with him."
The threat seemed to work, although the look mother gave me very much indicated the conversation was not over. She stepped aside, letting grandpa, who had uttered nothing other than the first question.
He looked at me, and, as he assessed my skeletal face, his gaze going down to my hands and body, his eyes filled with worry.
"Good Heavens, Dana, what happened to you? You were fine just three weeks ago. And where did you disappear? I spent the entire week looking for you -- and then I got that letter..."
It was the first time he called me by my first name. I guess that meant some kind of progress.
"I'm OK, Gramps," I said, as he put down his baggage by the door. Unlike me, he looked well, clean-shaven and neat. The advantages of traveling first-class. And with baggage.
"You are certainly not OK, young lady. Now, go back to the kitchen and finish your breakfast," mother, who had been observing my interaction with grandpa, hadn't forgotten about her earlier order. I sighed and headed towards the kitchen.
"I'm having breakfast," I told grandpa. "I guess you had breakfast on the train, but you can at least have some tea."
Mother humphed but didn't say anything, as she followed both of us to the kitchen. As angry as she was, she still didn't let me pour the tea, serving grandpa herself. Black, no milk, no sugar. It wasn't how he usually took it, but he took the cup without complaining. Mother was certainly not going to allow him to be too choosy.
I looked back at the pancake. With mother seating in front of me, daring me with her gaze, I couldn't really complain. Especially after I had invited the father she had cut all relationship with by faking her death to her home. So I dug into the plate, still avoiding the butter and jam, methodically eating one after the other. I mixed it a bit with the bacon, eating a rasher between each pancake.
They both observed silently as I dug into the plate, my mother glaring at grandpa every now and then, and him shooting looks of amazed wonder at her. Almost as if he hadn't believed me when I told him she was alive.
"Where is father?" I asked mother, as I could see grandpa listening intently. 
"In his shop. He felt like he needed to clear his head."
Typical. Father wasn't very quick to anger, but when he was, he buried himself in work, calming himself, to then methodically and calmly deal with the problem.
I shifted uncomfortably in the chair. I certainly had a lot of things to explain to my parents. I had ashamed them thoroughly. To be weak, and not able to defend oneself, was bad enough. As the eldest child and head of the family, though, I shouldn't have allowed that. Of course, the head of the family title was something I had assumed for myself, but it's not like anybody else wanted it.
"And the boys? Are they in school?"
"Yes. It's still school season, you know. Unlike certain people, they go to school like they're supposed to."
I knew mother was just blowing off steam. She didn't mean I should have kept going to university in my state. Rather, she'd have preferred I just went to classes and didn't get into this state. So I just nodded.
"I'd rather avoid the boys seeing me like that. But I guess there really isn't a way to hide that I'm here. How should I tell them this?"
"You haven't even told me what happened yet," mother observed.
It was really hard to know where to start, so I decided to start from the end.
"I went through an undirected Initiation."
My mother stared at me in shock. Then she looked at grandpa, who had read my letter and thus knew what had happened.
"Did you tell him before me?" she asked when she saw grandpa's lack of reaction.
"I briefly explained in a letter," I admitted. "But he knows no more. You see, I had sworn an oath of secrecy. But, considering what they have done, I'll consider they broke the deal first. So this is what happened. It all started with me looking for an internship."
They both listened intently, without interrupting. Now, more than ever, I could see the similarity between father and daughter. They both furrowed the brows when they heard I was paid in cash. At the mention of the cover story, mother looked accusingly at grandpa, who looked at me. As they sighed in the same places in the story, shaking their head in unison, it almost felt like they were teaming up against me.
"Signing up for such a dodgy job," mother said "is even stupider than trusting this man. As bad as he is, at least he has a few principles."
"Lady Luck must have accompanied you," grandpa agreed, "as it certainly wasn't your brains that saved you. Covering a bomb with your body? Burning it with magical fire you can barely invoke, much less manage?"
Their joint disapproval was really hard to face since they were right. So I stared into the plate, eating the food left there. I hadn't eaten while telling them the story. As I finished, I looked for an excuse to get out.
"I have been traveling for a week in second class," I said "and haven't bathed or showered. Now that I've had this delicious food, I need to clean. And mother, could I borrow some of your clothes? The clothes I came in are completely unusable."
"I'll make the bath for you," mother said, standing up. "And I'll get you some of my clothes, although you'll need to wear a dress."
"That's OK," I said. Anything was better than the filthy, fire damaged clothes I'd been wearing for a week. "And, when you're done, could you prepare a room for grandpa? He doesn't need much more than a mattress to sleep on."
Grandpa, who was used to sleeping on a huge bed with a duck feather mattress and a mahogany frame, raised his eyebrows but said nothing. He could see that I couldn't get anything more out of the mother.
















Chapter 2

After leaving her daughter splashing around in the bathtub, Claire Bedwen went back to her daughter's guest. He stayed, as he had been told, in the kitchen, sipping from the cup of tea she had served him. She resisted the urge to kick him out and wash everything after him. Preferably, with bleach.
But he was her daughter's guest, and as much as she resented her father for what had happened, she knew he always placed the family first. In his own way. And he did seem to consider Dana his family; the concern for her state and the patient attention he gave her showed that. The way he allowed her really informal speech, bordering on rude sometimes, was something he'd never allowed to his children. But he had softened up to his granddaughter.
When she came in, he put the cup and the saucer aside, staring at her intently, interlacing his fingers.
"So she really is your daughter," he said. "A daughter of your heart."
Figures. This man had always been suspicious on the border of paranoia. Of course he did a blood test.
"You did a blood test, didn't you?" she asked what was more of a rhetorical question than a real one. "But I see you didn't tell her."
"She really seemed to believe that," he said, taking something out of his coat's inner pocket. It was a photo. A photo of the family. "Of course, I knew she wasn't. You just had that miscarriage. I thought you had adopted her, but then I saw her birth certificate. The one where she was born after your marriage. How old was she by then?"
"Three months." There was no point in denying her father's conjectures. And she had to tell him, otherwise, he could share some of his suspicions with Dana while trying to dig for more.
He nodded.
"So. Your husband must have brought her as just a newborn. To smuggle a man and a baby to the Kalmar Republic then wasn't too hard, but it still took a long time, at least two months. Even assuming he arrived at Ashford a month before you married, that would have been a lightning-fast engagement."
"We met a week before we married."
He raised his eyebrows, resting his chin on his interlaced fingers.
"In a week," he said, slowly. "You married a stranger with a small baby in a week, after you dragged your feet with your fiancee for so long that you miscarried on your sixth month still unmarried."
"Andy was the wrong guy for me. I thought you never liked him, anyway." She said, sitting down in front of him. She touched the teapot. It was warm; he must have made himself another batch of tea. She poured herself another cup and added three teaspoons of sugar for good measure.
"And I didn't," he admitted. "But you were pregnant, and I thought allowing the wedding was the right call. And then, a week before the supposed wedding, you miscarried, disappeared for a week, boarded the train, and died in a robbery."
"The miscarriage... It wasn't spontaneous," she told him what she had learned when she went into hiding after losing her baby. "Your enemies had destroyed my family. I needed to leave everything, to recover. I needed time to forgive you. And that's when I met Dana and her father. She charmed me from the beginning; she wasn't a substitute for the son I had just lost, but she had this big smile. And she always looked so intently, with her huge dark eyes. Her father was an illegal immigrant, a man running away from danger. Marrying him ensured his citizenship. Giving him my name meant she would get my surname and anybody who was looking for them wouldn't find them. And as for faking the birth certificate... My heart belonged to her as soon as I saw her. I was already her mother. Going through a formal adoption would have been hard since we'd have to prove her birth mother was dead. And they could have taken her away from us."
"It's highly unlikely they would have taken a child away from her biological father, even if the mother wasn't present," he then stopped and furrowed his eyebrows. Standing up straight, unlocking his fingers, he said slowly, drumming his knuckles on the table. "Unless she wasn't his daughter, either."
She didn't respond to the unstated question. She could never lie convincingly to her father, and there was no point in trying now.
"So you married a kidnapper, gave him your surname, and faked the kidnapped child's birth certificate, becoming his co-conspirator. After which you had faked your death, to hide from me, because you knew I wouldn't approve." The disapproval in his voice was really hard to bear, coming from this man.
 "You don't understand. Dana's my baby. And Sean is not a kidnapper. Her parents are dead."
"And you trust his word for that?" he asked. "A kidnapper's word?"
"He told me who her parents are. And they are absolutely, positively, dead. And before you ask, I know he said the truth. The likeness was striking, even then. Now, she's just a copy of her mother."
She then went quiet, with the feeling of already having said too much. Her father hadn't been one of the best students in the Inquisition College and a great lawyer for nothing. His ability to untangle stories and guess critical missing factoids was uncanny.
"Knowing he had a child that wasn't his, you could have just taken her from him."
"I wouldn't. He was genuinely attached to her; he already was her father. And he took such good care of her. How could I take him away from her?"
He nodded as if confirming his thoughts.
"And if you thought he had kidnapped her, you wouldn't have minded that. No, there was a reason you believed him. And you're my daughter, so you wouldn't have trusted him. So you somehow verified his story, and it checked out. For her parent's names and portraits to be available to you, they must have been either noblemen or very remarkable people. So, Dana's parents were Yllamese nobles, who died twenty-two years ago and had brought the rage of the emperor so much even their infant daughter was in danger. And the Yllamese don't tend to murder infants that much unless they are imperial princes. And your husband was a significant enough person in the court to know ancient Yllamese."
He paused, gathering all pieces of the puzzle in one. She could see him getting close to the truth.
"So there is only one candidate for her mother," he said. "The Royal Princess Farah. And her father is obviously General el-Araki. The tragic love story that appeared in all newspapers back then. The general who resisted the emperor's order to divorce his wife, the emperor's half-sister. Who led the Arak rebellion, fought desperately and died bravely. Their photos were even printed in some newspapers, despite the expense. And now that I think about it, Dana carries a remarkable resemblance to them."
Her heart sunk, feeling that all the security she had gained for her daughter, hiding in this remote area, where no foreigners or Inquisitors ever came, was being lost with every word he was saying.
"Please, Father," she begged him, "don't tell anybody. Promise you won't."
"Why would I put my granddaughter in danger?" he asked. "As much as I would like to use this knowledge to make you let me into your life, I won't. Dana will eventually learn the truth, and I wouldn't want her to hear I had blackmailed you."
"Don't tell her this. Not for my sake. You know her. If she learns the truth, she'll be quite upset. And she'll come up with some ludicrous plan to avenge her blood parents. She has a very strong sense of duty."
"Oh, I know. That's the reason I like her so much. Even after seeing the results of the blood test -- her resolve to avenge the Bedwens was so genuine, it was hard not to get charmed."
Of all the things, it made sense that her father would be charmed by that part of her daughter. In some ways, Dana Bedwen was more similar to him than to her -- and that certainly wasn't a compliment.
"As for the mattress on the floor -- was that a serious offer?" he then asked.
"Oh, yes. We don't have a guest bedroom. We usually use Dana's bedroom for guests -- but she needs it more than you. You could always stay in a pension. There's a very nice one..."
"Forget it. I'm taking the mattress," he said. "I'm not staying in a pension."

#
It was hard not to get asleep in the bath, but I managed. After scrubbing my body and my scalp (it's a miracle I didn't get any lice on the train), I went back to bed, with my hair still wet. Mother wouldn't approve -- but not sleeping in the bath was my limit. After the heavy breakfast, I felt quite drowsy -- and the tiredness from a week-long train ride didn't help much.
When I woke up, the house was full of noises. My brothers had returned from school and were behaving in their usual monkey ways. I felt quite proud. I had taught them most of the tricks -- from throwing rocks to sliding down banisters to tackling each other. Without me, they'd have been good boys. And that's social suicide in Crow Hill. But thanks to my thoughtful guidance, Sam and Billie, the only two light arall in Crow Hill, managed to survive school without getting picked. Hopefully, they had trained Mikey, who was just starting elementary school. I was going to use this time to make sure Mikey also knew how to punch a bully. And make him a custom knuckleduster. 
While I had avoided my brothers seeing me at my worst, directly after the trip, I couldn't avoid them while living in the same house, so I would have to show myself to them. If they'd been dark, I'd probably had gone to a pension or something. The fall in status of being weak could mean they'd lose their respect for me. But, with them being light, my problem would be an excess of compassion. And them crying for me.
It was as bad as I had feared. After explaining in the vaguest of terms that I had a disease, "No, it's cured"; "I just need to recover"; "Don't worry, Big Sis is not dying" (that was for Mikey), I could see my family's Inquisition roots as Sam and Billie bombarded me with question. Grandpa looked very proud of the grandsons preserving the family legacy.
At dinner, it was even worse. Mother just glared at me, daring me not to finish the delicious but huge serving she'd served me. Even Mikey felt like he needed to feed me, putting the juiciest bits of meat on my plate. It was the most humiliating experience I'd ever gone through.
The only one who didn't seem too concerned about me was grandpa. To my surprise, mother had introduced him to my brothers as her father. A truce? Or maybe she acknowledged that my brothers weren't idiots and had access to mirrors. At least that distracted my brothers a bit, as they would glance at him while trying to feed me.
After the most uncomfortable dinner of my life, I quickly stood up.
"I'm feeling quite tired. Boys, Big Sis is going to sleep. Want a goodnight kiss?"
They all came to hug me. Even Sam, who was in his kisses are icky stage, gave me a kiss. I went towards the door, but then heard mother's call.
"And what about me? Don't I also get a goodnight kiss?"
After I kissed her cheek, I also gave father a hug. Me and father did not do kissing.
"Goodnight, Sam, Billie, Mikey. Mama, Father. Gramps." I said, now going to my bedroom.
I love my family, but they are exhausting.















Chapter 3

I spent an entire week recovering, eating, sleeping and not doing much at all. Grandpa, who slept in father's office, just kept sitting either in the kitchen, or in the living room, observing my family the entire day, sometimes reading some of the books that filled the bookshelves around the house. For a man who worked so much, he didn't seem to get too bored by just lazing around.
That morning, I woke up in my usual, pre-accident early hours. It seemed like the food and rest had done its work. I was feeling active and energized. I quickly showered and went down for breakfast, feeling a huge appetite. Grandpa, who sat in the kitchen with one of Sam's books on insects, observed me with quiet amusement, and then decided to ruin my day.
"So your magic has recovered," he said. "Seeing you full of energy. This means you need to practice."
"Don't say nonsense, Gramps," I said. "I just slept and ate, and I regained some of my weight. Look," I showed him my wrist, "you can't see my veins bulging anymore."
"And that's good," he said. "You can go outside now without scaring everybody. So we can go practice."
"Practice magic? What can you teach me about dark magic?" I asked.
"The basic techniques for managing magical force are the same for light and dark mages," he said. "And I've studied a few of the dark magic basics. I even brought the books with me. Wait a bit."
He went to father's office, where he kept his suitcases. He then brought a suitcase and put it on top of the dining table in the kitchen. As he opened, I could see stacks of books on dark beginners' magic.
"I already know my theory solid," I said, eyeing the huge pile of books. "And what did you do, rob the library?"
"I bought them around the time you started with your experiments with universal magic. And no, you don't know your theory. At least, you don't know this theory," he said, pointing at the books.
"I don't know, Gramps," I said, skeptically. "I got a pretty solid foundation in University."
"Sure, you got a solid foundation on patterns and math and how to combine magic with alchemy. But that is higher level magic. Do you know how to do the most basic things? How to actually put all that theory into practice?"
I had to admit -- I didn't. It never was my goal to become a mage in the first place.
"Not really sure," I admitted. "But why would I need to learn how to use magic? My magic is so weak, I doubt that it would be hard to control it. And I already know the most basic techniques."
"I wouldn't be so sure about that. You had enough magic to burn a ton of nitroglycerin -- so fast, it only produced a small fire. When it should have been an explosion that blast the whole building to rubble!"
"Yeah. I was surprised when that worked. I wasn't expecting it to. But then, I almost killed myself doing that, and I don't want to kill myself every time I try to do something."
He sighed, and sat down next to me, getting uncomfortably close. Then he put his arm on the back of my chair. I turned around to face him, sitting as far back from him as I could.
"You don't want to put your family in danger, do you?" he asked, getting closer to me. "Sam, Billie, Mikey, your mother, father? You don't want to see them burn like that nitroglycerin?"
I was about to say no, I didn't want to put my family in danger, but then I started to feel the rage that usually filled me. This whole week, I'd been unusually calm, allowing my brothers to feed me, my mother to order me around, and father to avoid me. But grandpa implying I was endangering my family -- after everything he did! I pushed him hard towards the wall, as I did with all strangers who invaded my space.
"Listen, Gramps," I said, putting an emphasis on 'gramps'. "You might be mother's father, and I might need your help. But don't think that me getting into this mess means you can push me around. I won't allow it. I'll kick you out, guest or no guest, if you continue to stick your nose uninvited."
I was going to continue with my rant, when he calmly freed himself from my grab, and locked my hands in his, putting them in front of my eyes. My hands were burning -- a faint, dark magical fire was covering them.
"Definitely not level one anymore," grandpa said, with an incredibly satisfied look on his face. "I'd say at least a four or a five, with possibilities of growth. The magical channels were formed correctly, lots of room to grow."
I stared in horror, first at my hands, then at him. He'd been expecting this -- which is why he provoked me.
"But... but..." I stammered. "Initiation is not supposed to make a mage unstable. You don't lose control..."
"You didn't go through the proper Initiation," he pointed out the obvious. "This is why the modern ritual was created. It's hard enough to teach teenagers to control their magic when it's weak, but to teach a mage -- who's gone through what you've gone -- control... That risks everybody around the mage, and, without the skills to control it, a young mage is both a danger to others and an easy target. Which is why masters were needed. To guide through the first stages of magic, and protect the apprentices. I've never guided anyone who went through an unauthorized Initiation, but nobody I know has, either, and you need guidance."
I was skeptical a light mage could teach me, but I needed any help I could get.
"Is there any place," grandpa said, "that's rocky, flat, and far from people and water?"
"Yes," I said, thinking through all the places. "The cave. It's quite far from here, though. We'll need to walk for an hour or so."
"No problem," he said. "We'll walk. And let's take some food with us, too. We'll spend the entire day there."
"We need to take some lamps, too. It gets dark here very fast."
#
Mother wasn't too happy about me going to the caves with grandpa, but when I explained to her that I had almost lost control of my magic, she understood.
"At least we'll get some use out of that old fool," she muttered. 
Mother and grandpa had come to some sort of truce. She didn't talk to him, but she always put an extra plate on the table for him. He was always gracious and polite but said his compliments to father. He never asked her for anything, making tea for himself and straightening the sheets on the mattress in father's office daily. He tried to leave some money, but I politely reminded him that I hadn't paid for food in his house either, and he shouldn't insult mother's hospitality like this.
Father, who no doubt was aware of the whole story (my parents never kept secrets from each other; from me and my brothers, yes, but never from each other), chose to stay away from it. He was polite to grandpa but never invited conversation. Whatever their disagreement was, it was not serious enough that father would take sides. Although, obviously, father was always on mother's side. Always.
I took the pies left from yesterday's dinner -- mother had been cooking all my favorite foods for the entire week. I then went outside to fill the lamps with oil -- better to have some leftover oil than it is to run out.
I didn't want to go to the cave wearing a dress -- so I went to Sam's room and took some of his clothes. Usually, a teenage boys' clothes would not fit me, but in my current skeletal state, I had to put suspenders on. I looked like a schoolboy.
As I went out, grandpa was waiting there, with the backpack full of food and the lamps packed inside. I was going light, with nothing on my back. The one hour walk was more than enough for me.
"So," he asked, not making any comment on my childish appearance. "Where are we going?"
#
Learning to use magic was boring. I thought, after spending four months visualizing magic, it would slowly get better, but no, it didn't. It was as boring as ever, with a slightly different bent.
"The main channels for your magical channels were already burned into your aura when you created that fireball," grandpa said when we arrived at the cave and sat on the blanket mother had thoughtfully put in the backpack. "And, during the time you were recovering, all of your body's energy went into strengthening them. Which is why you lost that much weight. You wouldn't have lost it healing the burns. But now that they've been strengthened, and your body has recovered, your magic will start coming back. You need to concentrate on it, so it stays circulating within the channels, instead of being diluted through your body like it was before."
I sat, trying to focus my energy, collecting everything from my body towards my core.
"Hey" grandpa shouted, from the other side of the cave where he sat, "you're doing it again."
I looked at my hands. They were burning again. I swore.
"That's actually a good sign," grandpa said, taking a nibble out of one of the pies. Judging from the smell, the filling was beef. "Your channels conduct magic easily, and you can pump it outside with ease. Some mages really struggle with taking their magic out. But for now, you need to learn how not to do that."
"Don't eat all the pies," I said, taking another sniff. "I'm starting to get hungry. All this magic you're making me do makes me ravenous."
"As soon as you manage to meditate for at least half an hour," he said, taking his pocket watch out. "You can eat. But for now, sit and continue focusing."
I sat, trying not to think of the delicious beef pie he was devouring. There was also some apple pie there. Mmm... apple pie... I could feel the tart sweetness of the soft apples, with the crispy buttery consistency of the well-baked pie crust, melting in my mouth.
"That's it," grandpa said. "Keep it on. Half an hour, remember."
It seemed like thinking about food was working, so I focused on imagining eating the foods. My stomach grumbled as I imagined eating various cakes, steak, barbeque, rabbit stew, and even the bacon and potato combination I used to cook when I was hungry. Fry the bacon well, until it becomes perfectly crispy, and then fry the potatoes, cut into tiny pieces, until they become perfectly crispy outside and soft inside. It's a poor student's food, since potato is cheap, and bacon, although more expensive, keeps very well, so you can salt it yourself in autumn and keep it for quite a while. Eating food at grandpa's house, I'd gotten too used to fancy steak, beef, and even the veggies Bettie kept trying to feed me. A student's food is the potato. Fried, baked, boiled, sometimes with meat, sometimes just with salt, the potato was cheap, filling, easy to cook and store. I should make some potatoes today. I'll cook it for dinner. Mother never cooks with much grease, but cooking with a lot of fat is how you make this dish.
"Time's up," said grandpa, suddenly. I looked down at my hands and could see they weren't on fire anymore. I tried to touch my magic, and the fire came back. I looked at him. He'd taken out a thermos full of tea and filled two stainless steel cups with it. He'd also warmed the pies with magic, I think, since their steamy smell was caressing my nose, tempting me.
I sat on the blanket next to him and took a bite of the pie. This one was pork. Downing the greasy meat with warm tea, my stomach quieted.
"What did you think about while meditating?" grandpa asked, observing me eat. He wasn't nearly as hungry as I was.
"That's easy," I said, taking another generous bite. "Food. I was thinking about food."
He nodded thoughtfully.
"That's a good choice. Focus on the body, away from the magic. On the physical aspect of your body. You should do that after you eat, too."
I finished all the food we'd packed quite fast, downing it all with the tea.
With my stomach full, thinking about food didn't have the same urgency, so my magic escaped almost every time I tried concentrating it. But by the end of the exercise, I was so hungry, I kept dreaming about food all the way home.














Chapter 4

Mother wasn't too happy about my daily trips to the cave with grandpa, but she seemed to understand why I needed to control my magic. The first night, after the exercises, grandpa took the mattress out of father's office and placed it on my bedroom's floor.
"I need to make sure you don't burn the house," he explained. 
While I didn't worry about the scandal or anything, it was really weird to have a grown man in my bedroom, especially my grandpa. I hadn't slept in my parent's bed since I remember; having my grandfather, who, while not a stranger, I didn't know that well, was weird. So I put on the strictest of all the camisoles I had (it's not like any of them were particularly revealing or anything), and turned my back to him, staring at the wall. Surprisingly, I didn't sleep too badly that night.
The next day, I got a letter with no sender. I looked at the envelope through the light, and even gave it to grandpa for examination. It was just an ordinary letter. I opened it. It was from Jack.
For a letter from my boyfriend, it was extremely dry. But then, I did leave him after spending a night together, called him to demand a huge favor, and left town without explaining anything. And then spent five weeks without communication. In my defense, I was pretty shocked by the whole thing. And I really needed that favor.

Dear Dana,
I have found a way to legalize your Initiation. There is a loophole that allows for a special Initiation that is conducted by a magister of magic. I've prepared all the forms you'll need to file. I can find a magister for you, but, considering he'll be your master for three years, I think you might prefer to find one for yourself. Just fill the forms and sign them, and I'll make sure they're filed at the correct date. If you can't find anyone, just fill them and sign them, and I'll find a master for you.
Best Regards,
Jack

And that's it. No "I love you", no "are you OK?", nothing. At least he didn't assign me a master (which he could have; I gave him that power myself, by asking for that favor).
As for the magister... There was only one candidate I could think of. If he wasn't, then whoever Jack found would have to do. So I went looking around, and found him in the living room, for a change.
"Gramps," I said, trying to get myself to ask for this huge favor. "Are you a magister of magic?"
He looked at me, lifting his head from a newspaper he was reading. It was probably at least a week out of date, but that's the freshest news we get in Crow Hill.
"I am," he said. "Awarded by the Inquisition College. Full Magister of Light Magic. They didn't use that 'Interpersonal' and 'Practical' magic nonsense then, they just called things by their proper names. Not like today. Dark magic is 'Practical' now. Ha!"
"That's great. So, if you're a magister of magic, could you be my master?"
The silence I got as an answer was almost deafening. I quickly handed him the documents, and Jack's letter. He read it, wordlessly.
"And could you also backdate my Initiation date? To something earlier than five weeks ago."
"While the solution is quite ingenious, Miss Bedwen," he said, quietly.
There we go. Miss Bedwen again. He always got formal when he was angry.
"I think your young man meant a magister of dark magic. I'm sure we can find one to your satisfaction. I have contacts in the Practical Magic Department -- I know a couple of magisters."
"Oh, I'm sure you do. But would any of them be willing to backdate my Initiation date for me?"
"And why do you think I'd be willing to do it for you?" he asked, crossing his arms and leaning back on his chair. That's it. He's negotiating.
I sat in front of him, trying to read his expression as best as I could. Last week, his calm reaction to my story, some of the things mother had let slip, had taught me that this man was not the softie I thought he was. He loved his family, and he was willing to do anything for them, but he did want to assert his authority. He saw himself as the head of the family, and he wouldn't let me keep it for myself. I was willing to let go of that responsibility, certainly, especially considering what a failure I'd been. But I had to make sure I didn't give him a lot more than that.
"Well," I started, "you came here when I asked you, didn't you? So you do care about the family's safety. About my safety. As is your responsibility."
"My responsibility?" he asked, raising his eyebrows. 
I knew I was treading on thin ice here. He could certainly make it sound like me making him the head of the family was a favor he was doing to me.
"And privilege as the head of the Bedwens," I said quickly before he could say anything else. "To whom I owe my respect and loyalty."
Giving him the power seemed to soften him up a bit.
"As is due," he said, accepting the gift I made him. While there wasn't any kind of formal ceremony, this was real. We take family very seriously in Caerland, and the head of the family has considerable power in deciding what needs to be done. Of course, the head needs the acknowledgment of the family for that. I already gave him mine.
"But forging a document for you is one thing, accepting you as my apprentice is another," he said. I could see by the gleam in his eyes that he was going to bleed me dry. It's not like I could do that much to avoid it, either.
"I would also give my master a gift, as is traditional. Even within family."
"A gift?" he seemed interested.
"I could help my master assume his responsibilities as the head of the clan. For everybody except mother, that is."
"Gift accepted," he said. "Now, give me a pen. Six weeks ago or earlier, you say. We need to find a believable date. Let's make it a Saturday. That's right, we did your Initiation on a Saturday. The clerk we'd filed the documents with didn't have the time to file them properly, so they weren't reflected in the database, and got lost."
He quickly filled all the forms, filling all the boxes and answering all questions. For the magical signature, I had to stand there, for around fifteen minutes, as he recorded my signature on the form. There were many, many forms, which he filled expertly. I signed the last one, catching a glimpse of a smile in grandpa's face.
"I overpaid, didn't I?" I asked.
He smiled more broadly, but said nothing.
#
"Now, I was completely serious yesterday when I said I can't give you mother. She didn't listen to me before, she won't listen to me now. You'll need to deal with her yourself." I said the next day, after posting the forms to Jack with a brief letter of apology. Hopefully, it will soften him up a bit. At least enough to see me when I come back. "Mother carries grudges forever. I don't know how to make her forgive me for some mistakes I made when I was a child."
"Claire always had a good memory," grandpa acknowledged. "But how do you intend to make your brothers accept me?"
"By making them respect you. See you as a figure of authority, and their grandpa."
"And how will you do that?" he said.
"Well," I said. "I'm their Big Sis. You can't be me, but if they see you teaching me, they may transfer some of the respect they feel for me to you. Or not. We'll try different strategies."
Getting my brothers to like and respect grandpa shouldn't be too hard, considering their natural tendencies.
"For now," I said, "we should take them with us one of these days. They love copying me, so you could teach them how to meditate. They're light arall, after all."
"I've never taught kids before," he admitted. "My apprentices were always old enough. And my kids weren't magical."
"You'll learn," I said, "and I'll help you. They're smart kids. Just try to be patient."
#
Organizing what would have been a simple one-hour trip for me and grandpa took forever with the kids. Mother (after I told we'd be teaching them meditation) insisted on packing half the house for us. Other than the lamps, tea, and sandwiches we usually carried, she insisted on packing blankets, a first-aid kit, dry socks, and a spare change of clothes for all three of them.
"We're not going camping," I pointed out, trying to fit everything in one backpack. "They'll be fine. We're coming back for dinner, anyway."
She was having none of it. After I tried, for the third time, to take out everything and pack it all in, she brought another backpack.
"Sam can carry it," she said. "You're still too weak." 
Which was unfair. Thanks to the exercise and the food, I was back to ordinary thin now, no more a living skeleton. But Sam is twelve, as he likes to remind us all the time, so he is strong enough to carry what I couldn't fit into grandpa's backpack. Besides, I could always carry it myself after we left my mother's watchful eye (at least a mile, that is).
My brothers were excitedly blabbering, excited over being allowed to join us. When I explained to them that I needed the training to get better, they accepted the explanation, but I could see their disappointment. They wanted to spend more time with me, as I rarely visited home.
"Where are we going? How long does it take? Can I carry a backpack too, like Sam?" Mikey asked, and stopped to breathe. "I found a feather yesterday. Look how white it is. I think it's a crane feather. Tommy says that cranes haven't returned back yet, so it can't be a crane. But look how big it is! Will we see cranes?"
I'm not sure what trauma makes young chatterboxes into people like my grandfather, nor do I want to know. But I must admit, charming as they are, my brothers are exhausting. So, I redirected Mikey towards grandpa. That was the whole point of this exercise, after all.
"Ask grandpa," I said. "He knows more about birds than I do."
That's not hard, considering I know nothing about birds. The only thing I can tell you about them is how to cook them. And which ones are the tastiest. The obvious answer is duck, clearly. But to Mikey, his Big Sis not knowing something was a shock. I was the one who built train models, could make a great kite, and knew how to draw every part of a steam and diesel engine (which he then colored in the most cacophonic colors). So he looked at grandpa wide-eyed, with the adoration that sometimes bothered me so much.
Grandpa, who clearly didn't know much about birds, either, shot me a dirty look but accepted the supposed crane feather. 
"I saw a book on birds somewhere," he said. "Let's go check for sure. Then you can show Tommy the book, and he'll know he's wrong."
After grandpa found the relevant bird in the book (yes, it was a crane feather; there are apparently three types of migrating cranes in this area alone), Billie took out his collection of feathers. It was total chaos, and we hadn't even stepped out of home yet. I smiled, looking at the scene. Sam was too proud to ask any questions (he's twelve, he knows how to consult a book; besides, who cares about feathers?), but I could see him listening in to the conversation.
Mother, who had packed everything to her satisfaction by now, was also observing the scene.
"He was never like that with us," she said, quietly. "Maybe he has changed."
"Maybe," I shrugged, "or maybe now that he's not the parent, he gets to spoil them. He's not that bad, you know. He's just..."
"An Inquisitor?" mother said.
"Well, that, but on our side."
She nodded and stood quietly as I started to organize the expedition.
#
The hour-long trip, which grandpa and I did at a brisk pace, took about two hours. By the time we arrived, after having stopped to observe every pretty rock, feather, spiderweb, and branch, the boys were hungry, so I had to unpack the bags. The first aid kit was quite useful -- as well as the dry socks. Seriously, how did they manage to get so many injuries and get their feet so wet? There weren't even that many puddles on the way.

After feeding them, we sat on the blankets, trying to explain to them what to do. I mostly let grandpa do the explaining, just observing them for a change. I was quietly slacking off, letting him do all the work. It feels good not to be the one responsible."So, if I learn magic, will I be like Tommy's dad? Tommy says I could never be like him." I heard Mikey say between most of the chatter I filtered out.
That raised a few alarms. My brothers are the only light arall in Crow Hill. Crow Hill, like the rest of Caerland, was a bastion of dark arall. One in three people here is dark. So, while it had been a great place for me to grow, it could be terrible for my brothers. I did everything I could to protect them, but it wasn't always enough.
"And who's Tommy's dad?" grandpa asked before I said anything.
Mikey looked at us with incomprehension. 
"Tommy's dad is Tommy's dad. Big, strong, like a mountain."
"Mikey," I said, trying to gauge the situation, "why would you want to be like Tommy's dad? Don't you want to be like father instead?"
"Well," Mikey said. "When Tommy's dad helps us go to school, the older boys don't take my lunch money."
Great. So my little brother was being bullied. At least he had a friend, though.
"And have you told your father about it?" asked grandpa. "Because your father is also strong, too."
"Actually," I said, "I think we don't need to bother father. Grandpa is also strong. I'm sure he can come with you to school and make sure this never happens again. Can't you, Gramps?"
"I could," he said, carefully.
"That's great! So grandpa will go with you to school on Monday, and make sure those mean bullies don't bother you again."
"Really?" the look Mikey gave grandpa would make it impossible for anybody with a heart to refuse. I certainly could never do it.
"Really." Grandpa said.
"Grandpa will help you now," I then said, "but bring Tommy tomorrow. I'll teach you two a few tricks."
"I'd also like to meet your friend," grandpa then said. I could see he wanted to control what I was going to teach them. "But for now, we should go back to teaching your Big Sis. She really needs to learn to recover. Dana, start training!" grandpa ordered.
This was not the time to question grandpa's authority.
"Yes, sir!" I said, and went to the opposite part of the cave, leaving them to their own devices. He seems to get the gist of it, at least.














Chapter 5

Tommy was dark. Seriously. I don't really understand how a dark boy ended up being best friends with a light boy, but they were. Maybe it was because their magic hadn't manifested itself. At least Sam and Billie didn't have such exotic friends. They stuck to non-magicals.
He looked at me from below, in amazement. He didn't utter a single word since he came. That was quite an unusual behavior for a dark boy. Although dark arall are not the chatterboxes light arall are, they are usually not shy. Not at this age, when magic first starts manifesting itself. I looked at Mikey. He pulled my sleeve, and I leaned. He put his mouth in my ear, shielding it with his palm.
"Tommy didn't believe me when I told him you are like him," he whispered. "And that you're stronger than his dad."
Ah! I could imagine the kind of nonsense Mikey could tell about me.
I only knew one way to deal with weird boys.
"Do you like trains?"
#
My brothers weren't too interested in trains. They always liked living things a lot more than they did machines. Birds, fish, plants, all kinds of insects -- they studied them in detail, learning their names and building a collection of drawings. But trains, cars, engines, even fireworks -- they'd play with for a couple of hours and then abandon.
Tommy, weird that he was, still liked trains. So when I took my toy collection from the attic, where it had been carefully packed in well-labeled boxes (I was planning to take them someday, when I lived in a bigger house), his eyes were brightly lit. Seeing his enthusiasm, Mikey joined us. It was nice to have one of my brothers join me with such enthusiasm in playing with toy trains.
After building a railway that spanned the whole living room, and running the trains for a couple of hours (they worked with a spring that had to be wound every so often), he was comfortable enough I could talk with him. 
"So, Tommy, I heard your dad sometimes goes with you to school," I said casually, as we were picking up the train tracks. Mother told us we had to collect everything before lunchtime. She didn't like having train tracks in her living room.
"He likes to come with me. My sisters don't let him walk with them. They say walking with their dad would destroy their reputation."
"Sisters? How many sisters do you have?"
"Five," Tommy said.
Poor boy. So that's why he's so weird. Five sisters! Five dark females living in his house. That explained why he was so shy. And why Mikey befriended him. My brothers never followed my instructions of befriending the strongest, smartest people. They always collected the most pitiful of people around them. Well, at least Tommy could be his equal. And, with a bit of encouragement, maybe he could get over his unnatural shyness.
#
After lunch, during which my brothers' non-stop chatter didn't hide Tommy's silence, I decided that I would also try to teach Tommy how to fight. So I took him and Mikey, as I had planned before, to a grass field near our house. Somehow, though, Billie, Sam, and grandpa ended up tagging along.
After doing an extensive warmup, and making them run a few circles, I sat down to talk with them.
"Now, before we start," I said, looking at both of them. "The first thing you need to know in a fight is, you win by not fighting."
Grandpa snickered.
"What?" I said, looking at him. "Do you have anything to say?"
"Oh, nothing," he said, raising his eyebrows suggestively. Reminding me of all the times I hadn't followed my own advice. I ignored him. The advice I was giving them was not for me.
"And you know what the best way to not fight and win is?" I asked.
"By being the strongest person?" Mikey suggested.
"That's a good answer," I complimented him. "But how do you show you are the strongest person?"
"By winning all the fights?" Tommy said.
"Well, yes. But how do you win a fight you didn't start?"
They looked at me, quiet.
"If you remain calm when everybody is angry or scared," I said, "you are showing you are strong. That's why, when everybody's shouting, you should speak quietly. But don't look scared."
They both nodded. Sam, who had heard the same advice before,  decided to ask a few questions.
"But how do you do that? How do you avoid a fight without looking scared?" he asked. 
The question was for the younger boys' benefit. Sam was a master in avoiding fights. Despite patiently practicing the moves I had taught him, and showing them to my brothers, he had never been in a fight. Ever.
"By not being scared. But don't take this as a license for being stupid -- if you face more opponents, run. Then, find allies."
I don't think they'll understand the deep wisdom I was teaching them. But maybe they'll remember it one day. Who knows?
"And now, stand up. I will show you how to make sure you don't get hurt. Up," for now, I would show them a few tricks.
#
Grandpa, who'd been sitting and observing us as I taught a few tricks to my brothers, sat closer to me. The boys were practicing the movements I had taught them, in pairs, and I was observing them.
"I can see you take your role as the head of the family very seriously," he said.
"Ex-head," I said. "You're the one in charge of them, now. I'm just helping you, now."
He nodded, still observing them.
"They're great boys," he said. "And they seem to be doing well here. Even make some... unusual friends."
Grandpa clearly felt ambiguous about Tommy. I could understand that. I did too. He was a bit weird. But then, considering the friends Sam had, Tommy was an improvement. It seemed like I was starting to influence my brothers' choice of friends.
"Yeah," I said. "They do very well. Sam is the best in his school, you know."
Grandpa nodded.
"But, despite that," he continued, "this is not the best place for them. They need to go to schools that will prepare them better. Schools that have experience in teaching light arall."
"That would be nice," I said. "But we don't have such schools in Caerland. And I don't think it is safe for Sam to leave Caerland. Not after what happened to me."
Grandpa nodded gravely.
"Yes, it doesn't seem to be safe," he said. "But Dana, we can't keep Sam here forever, either. His magical talent is too great."
"You tested him too, didn't you?" I asked. "So what is Sam's level?"
"He's at least a three," grandpa said. "And he's young. His talent will grow and develop more. He has the potential of an Archmage. He can't stay here."
"I know," I said.
"Dana," grandpa said. "I know you're a very brave young woman. But not when it comes to your family. You take risks for yourself. Sam should be allowed to do the same."
I stared at him, angrily. To accuse me of cowardice! When he had behaved like a coward, also -- retreating to Ashford, leaving the people who had harmed him safely sleeping in their beds.
"This wouldn't have happened if you had done your duty properly," I said. "If you had avenged Billie, my family would be safe. I wouldn't have to make Sam choose between his talent and his safety."
"And how would you know that?" grandpa asked. "You still don't know who attacked you, don't you?"
I didn't. But admitting that would mean grandpa was right, so I deflected.
"Boys!" I shouted. "Stop. I'll show you a new move now."
#
Now that I was feeling better, grandpa was right. I had to learn who put that bomb. Assuming it was because of the project, it had to be about something recent. A change that had happened recently that made the attackers nervous enough to act quickly. I had given that report to the Captain the day before the attack. Could whatever was in it have spooked the attackers?
I sat down, trying to remember the report. Without the notes and pictures I had made, it was quite hard. All the memories of the days before the explosion were quite fuzzy. The sleep and pain-relieving spells I had been placed under in the hospital had probably messed my brain. But I had spent quite a long time writing that report, especially making the drawings, so I remembered most of the process.
I decided to go to father's office, where grandpa had returned once I had gained enough control of my magic to be able to sleep safely. The mattress was occupying half the floor, and I leaned it on the wall. I started recreating the drawings, and the report, with the guesses I had made. I had made a lot of guesses and estimates; what I put in the final report was less clear.
Father came in to the office, as I was writing down my recollections, using father's calligraphy set, carefully tracing the symbols I had drawn. 
"I see you're here, little princess," he observed awkwardly. I nodded. "I came to collect a few files."
I hadn't talked to father, properly at least, since I came. He'd been avoiding me, and I had been too busy to chase him.
"Papa..." I said, feeling like a little girl who had disappointed her father. "Are you disappointed in me?"
He shook his head, looking sad. There wasn't any other chair in the room, so I stood up, pulling the chair out, and sat on the desk. 
"Papa... I am sure mother told you what happened, but will you listen to my version of the story?"
He sat on the chair, looking up at me. 
I told him the same story I told mother, but with different points I emphasized. For him, I tried to explain the feelings of filial piety that made me approach grandpa; the reasons I accepted the job, how I tried to be careful, how I ended up almost dying. As I explained the story to him, I could see how differently he reacted. When I finished the story, I noticed he looked more sad than angry.
"It seems like I placed a burden that's too high for you, little princess," he said. "You tried to carry the responsibility for the safety of the whole family, and that was too much for you. While I'm proud that I have raised such a filial daughter, it saddens me that by doing so I put you in danger."
This was way worse than mother's criticism and snark.
"But Papa..." I tried to explain, "it had to be done. Grandpa's right. We can't keep hiding here, in Caerland, forever. Sam needs to go to a good school, and after that, to a good university. He won't be able to get that here. And Billie and Mikey will also grow up and need better schools. We need to make sure they can go to school."
"That's right," father said. "But that shouldn't be on you. I'm your father, and it is my duty to take care of the family. I should be the one who takes care of the boys' education."
"The problem comes from Mama's side of the family," I pointed out. "You're not responsible for problems that happened before you married."
"Dana," father said, firmly. "It's our family. I'm a Bedwen, too. The moment I married your mother and took on her family name, her family became mine. And you should never solve our family's problems alone."
While father's hurt feelings were like salt to the wound to me, it was comforting to know he thought of my problems as our problems. The best thing I could do was to solve the problems I had created.
"In that case, Papa..." I said. "Now that I'm better, we should have a family meeting. You, Mama, Gramps, me. The boys are too young."
He nodded. 
"Family should solve problems together," he said. 














Chapter 6

We had the meeting after sending the boys to sleep. They felt there was something for adults only, and tried to linger, refusing to go to sleep, but after reading a couple of book chapters, they were finally put to sleep.
We assembled in the living room. I gave them copies of the report, as well as notes on everything that I'd learned so far. Father, who looked at the drawings I made, suggested a couple more symbols. But, even after all the brainstorming, we could not guess who was behind the attack. Our family's enemy, the Inquisition, could have been behind this. Or not. We knew nothing about who was behind this.
"There is only one way to find out who it was," I said. "Return to Ashford. Continue living as I was. At some point, they'll come after me again. And our best hope is to catch them then."
"I don't like it," mother said. I could see father agreed.
"But it's not like Dana can stay here forever," grandpa said. "She already took a very long leave from her studies. She has missed so many classes by now, she might need an extension."
"I had a medical reason," I said. "And it seems like I'll need to extend my studies for another year, now that I am a mage. I will have to do a double major in magic and alchemy, and I will need the extra credits of Applied Magic. But yes, it won't be good to miss so much."
"Isn't he teaching you magic, already?" mother asked. "He could continue doing so."
"I also need to return to Ashford," grandpa pointed out. "And she needs to study at university. I can't teach her anything beyond the basics."
"They might not attack me," I told her. "The Captain destroyed all documents that link me to his project. They might suspect I was working with him, but I do have the cover story. And the bomb has probably attracted enough attention from the authorities that it will be quite risky to attack me. Of course, I'll avoid grandpa's house now..."
"No need," grandpa said firmly. "I can protect my house. I'll move to a more protected spot. You should also move with me. You'll be much more exposed in the dorms."
"But won't that just reignite the rumors?" I asked.
"Soon, I won't be your teacher anymore," grandpa said. "You should quickly finish your thesis, and then you'll be just my apprentice. And apprenticeships are different."
"Still, moving into your house..." I said.
"You should do it," mother suddenly said. "I'll be much calmer if I know you live in a safe house."
"Does that mean you'll let me go back if I agree to live with him?" I asked mother.
She shrugged.
"I don't think I can stop you. But you'll be safer if you've got your back covered."
"There is another issue, besides Dana's safety," father said. "And that's the legal trouble she's in. You are her master now, right?" he asked grandpa.
"Well, yes. The Initiation, backdated and properly filed, will show that Dana was in legal possession of her magical skills," grandpa answered.
"But she'll still be an apprentice, right? And there's no way to prove there was a bomb there. She could still be facing arson charges," father said, worried.
"You seem to forget how things work in Kalmar, dear," mother said. "Apprentices are not considered in full possession of their magical skills. Since nobody died or was injured, and the only things damaged were the lab she was in, they'll only have to pay damages. Well," she corrected, "he will have to pay damages," she said, pointing at grandpa. "As her master, and grandfather."
"A responsibility I accepted as her master," grandpa nodded, "and that she no doubt will repay."
"So, that's it? Just a fine?" father asked. "She's used her magic to burn a lab, and she'll get away with it just by paying a fine?"
Mother and grandpa started looking uncomfortable.
"Well..." mother said, "it's not that simple..."
"I'll have to face a Magical Tribunal," I explained to father, "which will be made of mages like him," I said, pointing at my grandfather.
Father was quite confused.
"So you," pointing at me, "a dark mage, will be judged by light mages? Is it because your master is light?" 
"It's about balance," I explained. "Magical apprentices are considered minors when it comes to their use of magic, and their crimes get judged by a magical tribunal. Burning down stuff, explosions, and damages to property are very common among apprentices. So, as long as people don't get harmed, magical tribunals only look at whether the mage in question is stable or unstable. And to avoid bias and coverups, light mages are judged by dark ones, and dark ones by light mages. For balance. But generally, as long as you pay for damages, and they see no signs of instability, they let you go."
"OK," father said, accepting my explanation. "So you'll get judged for the fire by a magical tribunal, and, as long as Mr. Bedwen pays the fine for you, you'll be fine. But what about the Captain's death?"
"I had nothing to do with it," I said.
"I know that," father said. "But those gendarmes who came to investigate you didn't seem to know that.  You may go to jail for the only crime you didn't actually commit."
He had a point. I don't know what happened with Captain Greggs. He was unconscious, but he wasn't dead when I found him. And, if they managed to save me from the third-degree burns I had, why didn't the healers also save Captain Greggs?
"Sean," grandpa said. Grandpa had been using father's first name since the day he arrived. But then, he couldn't reasonably call him Mr. Bedwen, as there would be two Mr. Bedwens then. "That's what lawyers are for. I will defend Dana myself if needed, although that will surely be unnecessary. Whatever evidence they may have of Dana killing her boss, it will be fake, and fake evidence does not withstand scrutiny well. She'll be safe with me."
They then started looking at each other, in some manly staring contest. At some point in the middle of it, father lowered his gaze.
"I'm glad that Dana's under your care, father," he said, acknowledging my grandpa. He'd always called him Mr before. He then turned towards me. "Dana, dear, you should listen to your grandpa in the future. I'm sure he'll be able to protect you."
And that was it. My parents decided that they'd leave me in grandpa's care. It was a bit insulting that they didn't think I could take care of myself, but then, it's not like I had provided much evidence in favor of that hypothesis.
We started packing. I wrote a letter to Jack, telling him I was coming back. We were going to Ashford the next day.
#
I took some of mother's clothes with me, so I could at least change in the train. Grandpa bought a first-class ticket, so we were going back in a two-bed coupe instead of the second class cabin I came in.
The day of our departure, the boys also insisted on accompanying us. As I boarded the train, under the impatient gaze of the conductor, I hugged all of them, and mother handed me a bag with the pies she had baked.
"There's a restaurant in the train," I said.
"I know," she said.
The conductor coughed. There was a bell. I went up the train steps, and the conductor whistled. The train then started rolling. I checked the window. There they were, all waving their hands. I waved back.
When Crow Hill disappeared into the distance, I went into the coupe, and made myself some tea. The journey was going to be intense. I couldn't practice my magic, not in a moving train, so I was going to finish writing my thesis. Grandpa brought a few books and my literature review, so we spent most of the seven days of the trip discussing and writing. It was intense, but by the time we were in Ashford, we had a written first draft. It was going to take a couple of weeks to finish it off, but it's not like grandpa would move immediately. He had to find the right house, first.
#
The last thing I expected when I arrived at Ashford was to see the gendarmes that had visited me in the hospital. Had Jack alerted them?
"Miss Bedwen. So you went home to recover?" the old man asked. 
"Yes," I said. I did go home, didn't I?
"Is there something wrong, Detective?" asked grandpa.
"It's Captain. Captain Briggs. And this is Lieutenant Craen."
Right. The gendarmerie is a semi-military organization.
"And you are?" Captain Briggs asked.
"David Bedwen. Miss Bedwen's master," grandpa answered. "What do you want from my apprentice?"
"Apprentice? I didn't find any mention of that in any files. And besides, aren't you a light mage?"
"I guess the clerk who filed the documents was slow," grandpa said, avoiding to answer the second question. "And what do you want from my apprentice?"
"We'd like her to answer a few questions about the death of Captain Greggs," the gendarme Captain said.
"Great. Miss Bedwen will answer all your questions. In writing. After I review them," grandpa said.
"Excuse me. But by which right do you talk in Miss Bedwen's name?" the Captain asked. 
"As her master, obviously. Don't you know that as the master, I am the legal guardian of my apprentice?" grandpa asked.
"But how could you be her master?" the dark guy asked. "You are a light mage, and she is dark."
"And you are..." grandpa asked.
"Craen. Lieutenant Craen," he answered.
"Right. Lieutenant Craen. Well, the only requirement to take on an apprentice is that the master should be a fully certified mage, and the apprentice needs to be a magical person. That they be of the same type is not a requirement," grandpa said.
"But that's only because nobody would be..." the Lieutenant stopped under grandpa's watchful eye. He probably wanted to say 'stupid enough', but chose not to.
The Captain chose to speak now. 
"Master or no," he said. "We've got an arrest warrant for Miss Bedwen. She must accompany us to the station." And with those words, the Captain took a document out of his jacket.
"Give me that," grandpa said, snatching the document from the Captain's hands.
He checked it and returned it to the Captain with a smile.
"Since Miss Bedwen is not entirely responsible for her actions," he said, "you'll need to issue a warrant that specifies whether you are arresting her in her magical capacity or in her civilian capacity."
"That's not a requirement for arresting mages," the Captain said.
"Not mages," grandpa said. "Magical apprentices. As long as she is learning, Miss Bedwen is not entirely liable for her magical mistakes."
"And who is?" the Captain asked, suspiciously. 
"Me," grandpa said, smiling.
"Captain," the Lieutenant said, tugging his sleeve. "He's right. We need to get the warrant re-issued."
"Alright, then," the Captain said. "I'll get another warrant. Filed properly this time. But don't go anywhere else, Miss Bedwen. Or I'll make sure to charge you with fleeing."
"Of course, Captain," grandpa said. "I'll make sure Miss Bedwen stays put. Now, if you excuse us, we have to go."
And we went towards the coaches, to then board different coaches.
"Where do you want to go, Miss?" the cabbie asked.
I thought about it for a moment.
"To the police station in Maynard St," I said.














Chapter 7

Arriving at the police station in the mid-day with a small bag of clothes, wearing one of mother's dresses, bone-tired from the trip, probably wasn't the best of ideas. But I had to know, right now, whether Jack told the gendarmes I was coming. And why he didn't come to pick me up.
When I arrived, the same annoying policeman was at the reception.
"I am here to see Detective Taylor," I told him. "On a personal matter."
He looked at me, saw my determined face, and picked up the phone.
"Detective Taylor," he said, nervously looking at me. "Miss Bedwen is here again, waiting for you." He stopped for a moment, listening to whatever Jack was saying. "She says it's for a personal matter, sir." He paused for a much longer moment. "OK, sir. I'll tell her that," he then said, hanging up.
He looked at me, as I was nervously banning my fingers on the desk.
"You can go in, Miss Bedwen. Let me show you the way," he said, going behind the counter. 
As he escorted me, I could feel the stares around the station. I knew I looked strange. Wearing a dress, my thinness wasn't as obvious, especially with the thick coat and all the layers of skirts. But my chin was still a bit too sharp, and my cheekbones too bony. The plump, meaty cheeks were gone. No longer a skeleton, but still on the unnaturally skinny part of the scale.
When we arrived at Jack's office, me still awkwardly holding the bag my clothes were in, the policeman knocked.
"Come in," I heard Jack's voice.
The policeman opened the door for me, as I was still holding the bag in my hands. I came in, leaving the bag by the door, and closing the door in front of the guy's face. I then looked around.
Jack, who was sitting behind his desk, stood up and went around it. I could see him scanning my face, my body. I could see the gears of his mind working, thinking, evaluating. I'm sure he's seen people like me, ill, emaciated, before.
"Dana!" he said, reaching towards me. "What the hell happened to you?" he said when he was at arms' reach towards me. For an awkward moment, it seemed like he was just going to stand there, awkwardly, but then I felt his arms around me, hugging me in a worried, tender embrace.
"I was so worried about you," he whispered into my ear. "But also angry. Why did you have to suddenly disappear like that? And after a sudden illegal Initiation, at that. And gosh, Dana, you are so thin!" he said, as his hands went from my shoulders to my waist, then moved up, examining my rib cage. He then released me from the hug and started to undo the buttons of my coat. 
I didn't really want him to see me like that, but he was so fast, and I was so hesitant, that he managed to take off my coat before I could say anything.
"Jack," I tried to calm him, as he grabbed both of my wrists into his hand. In my current state, he could hold both my wrists in one hand. "I had to leave. In my health state, with my magic unstable -- I just had to leave. Thank you, by the way, for sorting that out. I didn't really think I'd need your help with something like this, and..."
"It's OK, baby," he said, hugging me. "I offered you a favor, and I did it voluntarily. I would have done that for you anyway, but I know you'd never have asked for the help. But can you tell me what happened, first?"
I hugged him closer. 
"Not sure," I said. "I don't think we should talk about this stuff in your office. I'll tell you everything, but not now. Not here."
"Will you tell me everything at my home?" he asked. 
"I will," I said. "After I solve the matters for today. Sort out the medical leave papers, all that. I just came to Ashford, you know."
I then remembered the reason I came directly here, without leaving my stuff at the dorms or anything. I relaxed the embrace and looked up, to his eyes.
"Why didn't you pick me up at the station?" I asked. "And did you tell anybody when I was coming?"
"I'm sorry I didn't pick you up," he said, "but I was a bit angry at you for disappearing like that. But now that I've seen the state you're in, I just can't be angry anymore. You look terrible."
"But you didn't tell anybody I was coming, right? Anybody in the gendarmerie?"
"The gendarmerie?" he asked, stroking my hair. "No, nobody talked to me about you. But it wouldn't be too hard to know you're coming. Descriptions of people on the run are circulated among train conductors -- and they would inform the feds about the tickets you bought. So, are you in trouble with the gendarmerie?"
"Later," I said. "I'll tell you everything later."
"Of course," Jack said. He took out his pocket watch. "Listen, I can't take time off work today unless it's something really urgent. Could you wait for me at my home until I finish?"
"Well," I said. "I still have things to do. I have to drop off my bag at the dorm. I also have to fill in the paperwork for a medical leave of absence. Get checked by a healer, also. I have a very busy day ahead of me."
"You sure you can handle all of that right after the trip?" he asked. 
"Well, I have to," I said. "I'm the one who has to take care of myself."
"OK then," he said, and reached for his pocket. "But Dana... could you come to spend the night at my apartment?"
I didn't think I'd have the energy for anything else, and I guess Jack could see it.
"No, not for that. I can sleep on the sofa if it helps you sleep better. I'd just like to see you, talk to you, and know you're safe. You are still attractive, but in your current state, it would feel wrong to have sex." And with that, he offered me, on the palm of his hand, a set of keys.
"Are those the keys to your apartment?" I asked.
"Yes," he said, with the keys still in his palm. "But don't worry, I have another set. Always keep it in my office, in case I lose mine."
I took the keys, briefly caressing his palm as I took it. It felt quite electric, even after all the hugging. 
"I may not come today," I said, putting the key in my pocket. "But I'll give you a call if I can't make it."
He nodded.
"Of course, I'll understand if you are too tired to come," he said.
He was so... understanding, and patient. I expected something different after he stood me up at the train station, but I guess seeing me like this made him think of me like some kind of damsel in distress. And being angry at a damsel in distress or taking advantage of her would not be the kind of thing Jack would do. But I'm not weak, and I don't want him to think of me as some kind of asexual, ill child who needed help. Yes, I had taken this relationship slowly, but that was when I wasn't sure. Seeing how he really respected my boundaries and let me develop my feelings at my own pace, his concern at my wellbeing, and his ability to forgive, made me more confident in our relationship than I was.
So I stepped towards him, putting my hands up, towards his head, and bringing it down, for a fierce, passionate kiss. I may be skinny, and I may have lost my boobs and ass together with all the belly fat, but I was still alive, and healthy enough to have some fire in my bones. I didn't want just sexless cuddles and bone broth; I wanted meat and passionate, mind-blowing sex. His lips, at first, barely parted. He seemed to have cleansed his desire with his concern. The passionate force of my kiss soon enough melted the icy barrier he built around his feelings, though, because soon enough, he was kissing me back. We continued on, kissing, stopping for a moment to breathe. By the time I released my hands from his head and he straightened up, he definitely was looking at me with passion instead of concern.
"The day I come to your apartment," I said, "you definitely won't be sleeping on your sofa."
#
After dropping my bag at the dorms, I went to the healer who wrote me the note that allowed me to escape arrest. He'd saved my life then. Had I been arrested, I would have been unable to defend myself, in that state. The investigators could make me admit anything they wanted. Let's face it, these may not be the times of the Inquisition, but investigators haven't gone too far from the methods that were used back then. I hope I didn't create too much trouble for him.
At the hospital, I asked for the healer by name, saying I was a former patient, who came for a checkup after a procedure. The nurse escorted me to a waiting room and told me to wait. I sat down.
I had always avoided hospitals and healers. The Floyd fund covered all medical expenses incurred during my studies, but those bills just got tacked to my debt. I already owed such massive quantities of money, it would take me ten years to work it back. Adding extra time for medical expenses seemed just unnecessary. So I looked around the room, furnished only with soft chairs. I was the only magical in here. That's just normal; magicals, both light and dark, are actually quite rare. The only reason I encountered so many in Ashford is because of the university. As for Crow Hill... Well, Caerland is called the land of witches for a reason.
There were quite a few people in the waiting room, so I braced myself for a long wait when the nurse called me.
"Miss Bedwen," she said. "You can go to Doctor Onnen's office."
When I came into Doctor Onnen's office, he greeted me quite happily.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen," he said, making me sit on a high chair he had for examining patients. "I see you came back. In a much better state. Time at home has been good for you."
"Yes, doctor. Thank you for helping me with the paperwork, by the way. As you see, I am not yet fully recuperated, but ready to go back to school."
"Let me check that for you," the healer said, directing a scanning artifact towards me. "Do you have any magical devices on you? Any metal?"
I took off my coat, which contained a wallet with coins, and a couple of hidden pockets for knives. He then scanned me, making notes on a form. I handed him the empty medical form the university required from us for medical leave. It's good that I kept it since the freshers' welcoming week. Try to get anything from the dean's office!
"Could you please fill this form, too, doctor? It's for school."
"Right, Miss Bedwen," he said, as he started filling the form with the incomprehensible scribble that is a doctor's handwriting. As far as I know, the secretaries in the dean's office didn't even bother reading them, just checked the dates and approved them.
"Thank you, Doctor Onnen," I said. "If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be here."
"Well, Miss Bedwen, it's any healer's duty to take care of their patients."
"I wasn't referring to the healing," I said. "Thanks for helping me recover in peace. I'll deal with all the questions the authorities have for me now, in a better state. I wouldn't have been able to survive an investigation in the state I was in. So thank you. And, if you ever need my help, either in my personal capacity or as an alchemist or mage, you can always come to me."
I always repay my debts, whether to friends or enemies.
The healer looked up from the document he was filling.
"I wouldn't have been a very good healer if I saved you just to let those butchers destroy my work," he said, harshly. "But I'll remember your words, Miss Bedwen, if I ever need your help."
Well, I offered it. I kept sitting, as he completed the form and signed it.
"Here," he said. "And I hope you'll never need to see me again, Miss Bedwen. Eat well, and get better."
I left his office, feeling small. The debts I had accumulated over this time had but grown. The healer, grandpa. The debt I owed to my parents was already unrepayable.
#
After getting all the paperwork done, I went to grandpa's house. Billie was quite happy to see me, and we played together until the afternoon, taking a break from lunch.
Grandpa came back home at mid-afternoon. As he sometimes did, he stood quietly in the corner, observing us, before I noticed him.
"Oh, hey, Gramps," I said.
"Hello, Dana. Have you done everything you were going to do for today?" grandpa asked.
"Well," I said. "I've done all the paperwork, but I haven't settled some personal issues. So I'll go see Jack after he finishes work."
"Will you be staying at his house?" grandpa asked.
I raised my eyebrows, surprised at his curiosity. This was the first time grandpa asked me such a personal question.
"I will," I said. "Why?"
"I'm glad you won't be in the dorms," grandpa said. "After everything. But make sure to adequately inform your beau of the danger involved. Young men don't tend to be discouraged by danger when it comes to love, but make sure he's prepared."
"OK. Thanks, Gramps," I said.
He had definitely changed since the visit home. Maybe becoming the head of the family changed him.
Grandpa nodded, and went to his office, as I resumed playing with Billie. At around 4 o'clock, I told him I was leaving, and headed towards grandpa's office. I knocked.
"Come in," I heard. 
I came in, and sat on the chair, as I always had done before. The office was the same, although it felt like ages had gone by since our last meeting in this very office.
"I'll come back tomorrow," I said, "after classes. Have the gendarmes come to you yet?"
"Not yet," grandpa said. "But I expect they'll come tomorrow. I've contacted an experienced lawyer, and he'll come with us when you get arrested."
"Us?" I asked.
"Well, I have to accompany you, as your legal guardian. That's one of the reasons I'm hiring a lawyer. Sometimes the requirements of a lawyer and a guardian differ, and I would not want to short-change you by trying to fulfill both tasks."
Meaning, he didn't want to lose his license defending me. Well, that was reasonable.
"Thanks, Gramps," I said. "The debt I owe you..."
"Dana," grandpa said, in a curt voice. "You're my granddaughter. I have a duty to protect my family, and you're part of it. My failure in my duties has led us to this situation, so don't think you owe me anything. Other than what is owed to family. That's more than enough for me."
"Still," I said. "After I finish repaying my scholarship, I'll make sure to..."
"Dana," he said. "If you want to repay me, just promise me you'll become Billie's guardian after I die."
"I will become Billie's guardian after you die," I promised. "But I would do it anyway."
"And I was going to help you anyway," grandpa said. "That's what family's for. Now, go see your beau, if you don't want to stay for dinner."
"OK, Gramps," I said. "See you tomorrow!"














Chapter 8

Before I went to Jack's apartment, I went to the dorms to take a few of my clothes and toiletries. I had only come here briefly, to leave the bag in my room, so this time, when I started opening the dresser, I noticed that my clothes weren't folded in the way I usually did.
Most people who had seen the contents of my dresser would assume that I used no order or logic, mixing underwear, shirts, and trousers in different drawers, and they'd be wrong. I categorized my clothes by use: the clothes for alchemy, the clothes for fancy events, the clothes for fights. Yes, I had special underwear for the lab. Everything I used in the lab required better cleaning, as students tended to be rather lax about health and safety. But, when I opened the drawers, I noticed articles of clothing that did not belong. They were all black, so, understandably, whoever went through them did not notice the subtle differences. I went through all the drawers, checking every nook and cranny in the room. I could notice they had searched everything, and gone through all my notes; everything was slightly off. Thankfully, I had left all the more incriminating notes on mind magic in grandpa's office. He expressed no interest, but I wanted to tempt him, so I left them on the desk of his office. I checked my notes, my books. They had gone through everything.
More reason to move, I guess. But, since grandpa had started looking for a better-defended house first, it probably made little sense to move before he found a house. Oh, well. I could stay with Jack, for the time being.
#
Although he gave me the key, I still knocked on his door when I arrived at his apartment's door. He opened it quickly.
"Dana? You didn't have to knock," he said.
"I just wanted to see whether you were already home," I said, entering and leaving the small bag by the door. "Have you thought about what you'll make for dinner?"
"I'm not much of a cook," Jack confessed. "So I thought I'd just fry some steak and some potato fries."
"Sounds good," I approved. A man who understood my feelings about food. Lots of meat, no veggies. That's what it's all about. "Let me help you peel the potatoes."
I hang my coat in the corridor and accompanied him towards the kitchen, where I started peeling potatoes. 
"You're so fast," Jack observed.
"Lots of practice," I explained. "Potatoes are the basis of my diet, after all."
Jack just sat there, observing me, as I quickly peeled the potatoes and cut them into wedges. The simple potbelly stove he had was already warm enough, so he just put the pot with the oil on top of it. I then got to sit, quietly observing him, as he fried the potatoes and seared the steak.
When dinner was ready, he served it with some red wine. As he poured both of us a glass of wine, we sat in front of each other. 
"Let's eat first," Jack proposed. "I feel like the story you're about to tell me is better heard with a full belly."
I nodded, and we dug into the food, stealing glances from each other, without saying another word. When we were done, Jack quietly collected the dirty dishes and cutlery, and went to the kitchen to clean, as I sat on the sofa, trying to figure out how to tell him the whole story.
When he came back from cleaning the dishes, I had organized my thoughts enough to tell him the full story.
"So remember that background check you told me about?" I asked as he sat on the chair in front of me.
#
I told him everything, including my blood relationship with grandpa.
"That explains a lot," he said when I told him about grandpa's visit to Crow Hill and his meeting with my brothers.
"What?" I asked, confused. 
"How he tolerated you. You know he isn't the kind of person you think he is."
"Explain," I demanded. "I told you everything, you should tell me everything you know too. Especially if it concerns my family."
So he told me about the rumors he'd heard, about his conversation with grandpa. Learning those things about my grandfather was... nice. It's good to know I was right about letting him become the head of the family, that he could defend it. But all those times I reminded him of his failure, he never corrected me. It made me feel so embarrassed at my self-righteousness.
"He always seemed so... harmless," I said, trying to remember all the conversations I'd had with him. "Always talking about how I should let the authorities handle things, do everything by the law. I really thought he was just another typical light mage."
"Because that's the way he wanted to appear to you," Jack said. "And he's an Inquisitor. Never practiced it, but he got all the training, and grew surrounded by their values."
"Well," I said, trying to decide how I felt, "I think he did the right thing, obviously. He's a proper leader."
"Many would consider what he did barbaric," Jack observed.
"Most people don't have to suffer what he went through," I replied. "And you know I'm a gal from another century. Saint Conrad's time, maybe. Anyway, thanks for telling me."
"So you're still moving in with him?" Jack asked. 
"Of course," I answered, inviting him to sit next to me with a hand motion. As he sat next to me, I leaned on his shoulder, while he put his arm behind my neck. "It's safer. I'm sure he'll choose the right house. And it will make it easier to learn magic. And now that he's my master, it's all OK."
"Most masters don't live with their apprentices," Jack grumbled.
"But some do," I pointed out, "and there's nothing improper in that."
"So when will that happen?" Jack asked, caressing my hair. 
"As soon as grandpa finds the right house. In a week, maybe? Or it could take longer. I don't know."
"And where are you going to be living until then?" Jack asked. 
"I was thinking of staying with you," I said, pulling out of his embrace to look him in the eyes. "If you're OK with it, that is."
"I'd like to," Jack said, "as long as you don't expect me to cook much. Steak and fries are about the limit of my cooking skills."
"Oh, don't worry," I said. "I can cook a variety of dishes. Steak and potato mash, steak and hash browns, bacon and fries, bacon and potato mash, fish with potato mash, fried eggs with fries..."
He laughed. I hugged him, and, as he stopped laughing, kissed him. It felt good to be with him like this, relaxed and happy.
#
Getting out of Jack's embrace in the morning, I washed up, putting on the clothes I brought in the bag. I had a long day ahead of me, with lots of things to do. Now that my health had improved, I went back to being an early riser; the habits of a lifetime were too ingrained in me for a few weeks of illness to change that.
Checking the cupboards in Jack's small kitchen, I looked through the pantry. No bacon; I would have to fix that today. There was oatmeal, though, so I started cooking some porridge. Heating the stove by adding fresh coal to the ambers took the longest; the porridge itself was ready in about five minutes. I heard steps. Jack was awake.
He wasn't dressed yet, wearing only a robe he put on his naked body.
"I thought you said you only know how to cook potatoes and meat," he observed, sitting on the chair in front of the dining table. Wise choice; there wasn't enough space in the kitchen for both of us to walk around.
"I also know how to make amazing sandwiches," I added, serving two bowls of porridge and giving Jack a spoon. As the teakettle was boiling, I took out some jam and prepared some tea.
"And tea," Jack said, adding a generous dollop of raspberry jam to his porridge, taking a sip of the really milky tea he liked.
"You've seen the whole extent of my culinary abilities," I admitted, as I started eating the porridge. Made of milk and oats, it felt as comforting as when mother would make it in winter, before the house was heated, to warm our bellies.
"There are always restaurants," Jack said.
"And grandpa's house, if you ever feel like going there again."
"You think he'd invite me there again?" Jack asked.
"Well, he knows you're my boyfriend, although he calls you my beau. So old-fashioned, my grandpa."
"He told me not to tell you about what he did with the people who harmed Billie," Jack said.
It almost seemed like Jack was... scared of grandpa?
"Oh, he won't mind," I said, with more confidence than I was feeling. I didn't really know the man who was my grandfather, after all. "And it's not like he could keep that a secret forever. I'd have heard the rumors, I'm sure."
"If you say so," Jack conceded. 
I finished eating breakfast and cleaned up. Jack kept drinking tea, having finished breakfast, too.
"I'll go now," I said, giving him a quick kiss. It was quite convenient, with him seated, as I didn't have to tiptoe.
"This early?" Jack asked, taking out my pocket watch. "It's only half-past seven. Even I don't start work this early."
"I have lots of things to do," I said, putting on my warm clothes. "I have to pack my stuff in the dorms, check some literature for my minor thesis, submit the sick leave form in the dean's office, apply to the Applied Practical Magic Department, go to the Floyd scholarship fund to tell them they'll have to pay extra for that, now. And attend all the classes I have for today."
"Why do you have to apply to the dark magic department?" Jack asked.
"Because I'm a mage now, and I need to get a mage's license. And for that, I need to graduate with a degree in magic."
"But isn't the apprenticeship enough?"
"I could never grow as a mage if I don't have a university degree in magic," I pointed out, "and the apprenticeship would become much longer without a degree."
"I thought you didn't want to become a mage," Jack wondered. "And now you want career growth in magic?"
"It wouldn't be good to limit myself. Besides, now that I have the responsibilities, might as well enjoy the benefits."
Jack wanted to say something else, but I'd had already put on all the layers of clothes and had the folder with the papers in my hands.
"Anyway," I told him, going towards the door, "I'll see you tonight again. I'll come here at the same time. Goodbye."
"Bye," said Jack, as I was closing the door behind me. So much to do!
#
The day was intense; I was running around all day, going to the classes, sorting out all the issues after two months of non-attendance. My classmates willingly lent me their notes, and the professors allowed me to catch up on the lab practicals. Thankfully, the second semester I only had classes in alchemy, and I knew most things well enough to catch up. I was the best student in my year for a reason.
But the number of lab practicals I would have to do was going to be brutal. I stared at the proposed times, trying to fit it all into my timetable. Some of it was going to be impossible without the ability to teleport. I would have to stop attending lectures while I recover all the lost practical hours, probably. But I know the theory solid, so that shouldn't be much of an issue.
Still, I could catch up on all the compulsory classes in two weeks. It was going to be intense, but I could do it. If they leave me alone, that is.
I looked up as a gendarme in uniform sat next to me on the park bench.
"Good afternoon, Captain Briggs," I said. 
"Good afternoon, Miss Bedwen," he said, trying to look at my notes. I quickly put them into the folder. My schedule was none of his business. "I see you've had a very busy day," he observed.
"Indeed," I agreed, coldly. I hadn't done everything I wanted to do for the day, but then, it had been a long shot. But I had submitted my sick leave, applied for the double major in magic and alchemy (thankfully, the dark mages' deans' office was a lot more flexible about schedules; quite reasonable, when dealing with explosive dangerous weapons of mass destruction), and attended all my classes. I had to skip lunch, of course, but, with all the stress, I wasn't feeling very hungry. "I'm still busy. Have a good day, Captain Briggs," I said, standing up, putting the bag on my shoulder. If I wasn't going to get a respite, at least I could do something useful.
"And where are you going now?" Captain Briggs asked. "Your classes are over."
"To the Floyd Fund's offices," I informed him. I didn't have to, but it was trivially obtainable information.
"Now, you can do that another day."
"And what are you suggesting I do instead?" I asked him. He hadn't officially arrested me yet, and I could guess why. A poor, dark student, I had been an easy target to pin a mysterious death on; but now that a respected lawyer was my master, they couldn't just make up something. And the judge would ask for more evidence, now that it was likely the case could be appealed and overturned.
"You could clarify some questions we have regarding Captain Greggs' death," the gendarme said.
"Gladly," I said, "in the presence of my master and my lawyer. What happened to Captain Greggs was a tragedy, and I'd like to learn who did it. I wouldn't want there to be any misunderstandings. So you can give me your list of questions, and I'll give you the answers. In writing."
"We don't accept written statements," the Captain said. 
"Too bad," I replied. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll go see my master."
"I thought you were going to the Floyd fund," the Captain asked. 
"I'll do that tomorrow," I replied.














Chapter 9

Grandpa was home when I came after the Captain's unpleasant visit. He was in his office, sorting through some paperwork.
"Ah, Dana. I thought you were having a busy day. You haven't even come to eat lunch. Have you eaten at all?" he said, shuffling the papers aside.
"No, I haven't eaten anything since breakfast," I admitted. "But that's not what I came for. Captain Briggs came to see me just now."
Grandpa rang the bell and asked the maid who came by to bring some sandwiches and tea.
"Ah, yes. Those gendarmes," he said, furrowing his brow. "They visited me, too. Did you tell him anything?"
"No, other than my plans for the day. But he insisted I visit them to answer some questions."
"It will be hard for them to get an arrest warrant," grandpa said, "for the death of Captain Greggs. Their only evidence would be that you were the only person who saw him wounded. No other witnesses, no physical evidence, no motive."
"Maybe I should visit them? With you and my lawyer, that is. Whoever that is. To get done with it, so they can leave me alone."
"They probably won't leave you alone," grandpa said. "Until they find the real culprit. But visiting them will clarify some things. Let's go," he said, picking up his coat from the hanger.
"Where?" I asked, confused.
"To see your lawyer. I have told him, in broad strokes, what the issue is, but it will be good to prepare you for questioning. And remember, in front of others, you should call me Master Bedwen."
He opened the door, holding it for me. He was just so old-fashioned sometimes.
"Yes, sir," I said, grabbing a couple of sandwiches from the tray the maid brought and was about to bring in. I was hungry after all.
#
My lawyer was still working despite the late hour. It was nice to see that grandpa had selected a hard-working lawyer; that inspired confidence. Considering grandpa had chosen him, I expected another old geezer, but he turned out to be middle-aged. Mister Hurston, his name was. There were no secretaries in the office, so, after the security guard recognized grandpa and let us in, nobody stopped us on the way to his office. We knocked and came into a busy office full of reams of documents, every inch of shelving occupied by folders and files, and some of them spreading to the floor.
Mister Hurston, who had been rummaging through some of the documents he had on the floor, looked up.
"Ah, Professor Bedwen. And that must be Miss Bedwen," he said, standing up and tending the hand.
They shook hands with the familiarity of men that knew each other for a while.
"Yes, this is my apprentice, Miss Bedwen," grandpa introduced me. "Miss Bedwen, this is Mister Hurston, your lawyer."
Mister Hurston extended his hand towards me, and I felt his firm, steady handshake. He looked composed now that he wasn't kneeling on the floor. 
"Great to meet you, Miss Bedwen. I've heard about you from Professor Bedwen for the last year. He has quite a high opinion of your skills."
That grandpa had been talking about me at all was quite a surprise. He certainly never invited me for any event, nor did he introduce me to any of his friends. I smiled at Mister Hurston, glancing at grandpa's nonplussed face.
"Nice to meet you," I replied. "Master Bedwen has quite a high opinion of your legal skills."
"Oh, and I hope to meet his expectations," Mister Hurston replied.
"Now, Ansel," grandpa said, reducing the level of formality in the room by many degrees, "the gendarmes have paid another visit to Miss Bedwen. I'd like them to stop bothering her. She has to focus on her studies of magic, and it won't be possible with the gendarmes trying to pin their unsolved case on her."
"While you told me about the case in very broad terms, Dave," Mister Hurston said, "I'd like to learn more before we proceed. Now, Miss Bedwen, if you could sit and tell me about what happened..."
I looked around, trying to see if there was any available surface I could sit on. There wasn't anything; even the table was fully occupied by perilously leaning stacks of paper.
"We should go to the conference room," Mister Hurston said. "And I'll bring some warm drinks. Coffee, tea?"
"Coffee, please," I replied. I usually preferred tea, but on this occasion, I felt like having something stronger.
"Well, go ahead, then. I'll go make some coffee and bring my notes. My secretary has finished her workday, you see," Mister Hurston said, opening the door and holding it for me. Are all of grandpa's acquaintances so old-fashioned?
#
As we sat in the conference room, waiting for Mister Hurston to come, I looked at grandpa.
"So you told him about me?" I asked, wondering how much grandpa had shared about me.
"I did," grandpa said. "It was impossible not to. There were so many rumors flying around about you and me, with all your visits to my home. Even you parading your beau around did not quench all of them."
"So what did you say?" I asked, turning my voice down.
"That you're a very talented student, with a very close relationship with my son. The ones who know about Billie understood," grandpa explained. "Billie doesn't like most people. He's had many governesses and nurses, all scared away by him. He's as strong as a grown man, even if his mind is not that of a grownup. The male teachers he's had couldn't deal with him, either."
"But Billie is so sweet," I said, surprised.
"He just likes you. If he didn't, he wouldn't seek your company. He probably felt on a deeper level that you were Claire's favorite. He can be really perceptive for a child."
I shrugged. Maybe that was the case, or maybe all those governesses and teachers didn't know how to play with children. 
"So, you told them I'm your student and Billie's friend," I said. "You didn't tell anybody the full truth, haven't you?"
"Of course not," grandpa said. "Nobody knows, except for Bettie, who likes to listen in a bit too much. But she's loyal, and she has told nobody."
"As long as you trust her," I said. I didn't have a formed opinion about grandpa's housekeeper. She was loyal, but she was quite noisy. She might enjoy gossiping a bit too much. But if grandpa says he trusts her, he's got a good reason.
"If everybody around you already knows about me," I said, going to a normal tone, "maybe you should introduce me formally. After all, as your apprentice, I'll be living with you for the next three years."
"I could organize a dinner party," grandpa said, "when I find a house. Invite a few of my friends, all that. You should bring your beau there, and maybe your friend, too."
As he was saying that, Mister Hurston stumbled in, carrying a tray with the coffee and milk. I stood up and took the tray off his hands. He went back and brought a notebook, as I started serving the coffee. Not because I am a woman, but because I was the lowest ranking person in the room, and the youngest one, also.
"Sugar, milk?" I asked them, as I poured coffee into the cups he brought.
"Milk, no sugar, please," grandpa said.
"Milk, three sugars, please, Miss Bedwen," Mister Hurston asked.
I served them, and myself. Grandpa and I had the same taste in coffee. But mother had shaped my tastes; makes sense they'd be similar to her family's.
"So, Miss Bedwen," Mister Hurston said, putting the cup of coffee aside, as he opened his notebook and prepared the notebook to take some notes. "Please tell us what happened on the day of Captain Greggs' day, in detail."
I took a sip of milky coffee, steadying myself, and started talking, trying to remember every detail of the day. Mister Hurston took notes throughout, making clarifying questions. As I was about to tell him about how I had burned the bomb with my magic, I looked at grandpa. 
"You can tell him about that, too," grandpa said. "It's not an ongoing crime, so he's bound by attorney-client privilege."
So I told him about my use of magic too, the Initiation, and how I ended up in the hospital, where I'd been informed about Captain Greggs' day.
"He shouldn't have died, not with the wound he had," I told Mister Hurston. "There was quite a bit of blood, but he was still breathing when I left him. And, considering how the healers saved me from severe burns, they should have saved him from that simple stab wound, too. It wasn't that bad."
Mister Hurston nodded.
"You did the right thing, Miss Bedwen, calling for help. As for burning the lab... As that is a matter of the use of magic by an apprentice, that will be handled by a magical tribunal. We can get that thrown out as prejudicial if it ever gets to court."
"Can they arrest me with this evidence?" I asked, holding the cup of coffee in the palm of my hands, trying to warm my suddenly cold fingers.
"Not for long, no. Especially if you cooperate. I'll call the gendarmerie, and schedule a voluntary meeting. It's better to be proactive here. So, if you'll excuse me, I'll go make that call."
Mister Hurston left, and I turned to look at grandpa.
"So, is that all?" I asked. 
"Well," grandpa said. "After Ansel schedules that meeting, we're going to start prepping you. You're quite good, but there are still a few issues we'll need to hammer down."
"Prep me?" I asked.
"For the questioning. You told us the story, clearly, and to your best memory. Now you need to learn how to say it without contradicting yourself."
"But I'm saying the truth," I said, puzzled.
"Sure," grandpa said, with a smile, as if surprised by my naivete. "But saying the truth is not enough. You need to appear to say the truth. Sometimes, the police will try to catch you in the smallest of details you misremember and accuse you of lying. At the same time, you shouldn't sound too stilted, saying the same thing the same way over and over; you need to be natural, but while sticking to the truth. And not revealing anything inconvenient."
Mister Hurston returned then.
"I've scheduled an appointment. At mid-day tomorrow," he announced.
"Isn't that a bit too early?" grandpa asked. "We need to prepare Miss Bedwen."
"Your apprentice is a fairly smart girl," Mister Hurston replied. "I'm sure a couple of hours will be enough."
"A couple of hours?" I asked. "But I promised Jack I'd go to his house in the late afternoon. If we need to spend more time, it will be late evening."
"You should call him then," grandpa said. "And told him you can't make it. Ansel, surely you'll allow Miss Bedwen to use your phone?"
"Sure," Mister Hurston replied. "Miss Bedwen, you're welcome to use the phone in my office. I'll let you make the phone call in private," he said, escorting me to his office.
#
Jack was quite understanding when I called him at work to tell I couldn't possibly make it to his home at any reasonable time.
"Should I leave some dinner for you, then?" he asked. 
"I wouldn't want to keep you waiting," I protested.
"Oh, I don't mind. I understand you have to solve the legal troubles you're in. And I'd like to hear what you have to say."
"All right then," I said. "I'll come to your home as soon as I'm done with this witness prep. But let me warn you, they seem eager to keep me here for hours."
"As they should," Jack said. "As a detective, I don't like having my witnesses and suspects prepped, but it is nice to know you're getting prepped. It does make our job harder, but I'm glad you're protected."
"Don't stay up too late," I told him. "I'll try not to wake you up if I arrive too late."
"I'll leave you some sandwiches before I go to bed," he said. "Make sure not to go to bed hungry."
"I won't. Have a good evening, then. I'll come as soon as those two release me," I promised.

They questioned me for hours. If this is how police questioning works, I understand the hapless idiots who confess to crimes. Both of them, in tandem, and separately, kept asking me very similar questions in different ways, catching me at any inconsistency, meticulously pointing out every fine detail I said slightly differently earlier. I wonder how we still have so many criminals who remain uncaught. The criminals are usually not that smart. Maybe the police just spend all the effort on the innocent.
By the time grandpa and Mister Hurston declared they were satisfied with my composure and readiness, it was already 2 am. While I'm never afraid of walking the streets at night (that's why I have steel-reinforced gloves and boots, a couple of hidden knives, and an attack artifact for self-defense), I wanted to get enough rest for the next day, so I hailed a cab. The fee he charged me, this late into the night, was quite outrageous, but I paid him after haggling for a bit. It's not like there are that many cabs in the streets at night.
I went to Jack's apartment, lighting the way up the stairs with the small oil lamp I kept in my pocket (despite the gas lamps, sometimes some corners of Ashford are too dark at night; besides, the dorms switch off all the light at eleven, so I need to light my way at night). I opened the door as quietly as I could, making the least noise with the key. The lights were off; Jack must have been asleep already. So I went to the kitchen, where I switched on the lights and saw the sandwiches he left for me. I ate quickly; I was ravenous, as they didn't feed me during the prep. I was told it was in preparation for what the police would do. Quite rude they were, also, eating right in front of me. But this bacon and cheese sandwich Jack had left for me compensated for quite a lot. It was so considerate of him.
I finished eating, and washed my hands and face in the kitchen sink, after which I switched off the light, and went to the bedroom, where I undressed and quietly entered the bed.
"Dana?" I heard a whisper.
"Yes," I whispered, "I hope I didn't wake you up."
The only answer I got was Jack's arm, which covered my arm, as he rolled to spoon. Going to sleep like that was the easiest thing in the world.














Chapter 10

I woke up at a reasonable hour the next day, instead of my usual pre-dawn hours. I stretched, feeling Jack's absence in bed. Rolling out of bed, I went to the bathroom to wash up and put on some fresh clothes.
By the time I came into the kitchen, Jack had prepared breakfast. I hadn't had time to buy anything the previous day, and he didn't do it either, so it was oatmeal again. 
"Good morning," I said, sitting down at the kitchen table. Jack served me a plate of porridge, and I poured myself a cup of tea from the still warm teapot on the table.
"Good morning," he answered. "You came really late yesterday. Must have been intense."
"Tell me about it," I replied. "They went crazy with the questioning. But at least I'll be ready today."
He nodded, taking another sip out of his cup.
"Can you drop by when you finish?" he asked me. "I'd like to know how it went."
"Are you working from your office again?" I asked. "I thought detectives spend more time in the field."
"I usually do," he replied. "But today I've got a lot of paperwork to do. So drop by, we might even go for lunch during my break."
"OK," I promised. "I'll drop by. If you can handle the attention, I don't mind."
"Everybody knows about us, anyway. Might as well make it official," Jack said. "You've almost moved with me, what could be more serious than that? So come by whenever you want, I'll handle my colleagues."
I nodded and extended my left hand towards his, cupping it.
"I'll be very busy in the next few weeks," I told him. "So we'll only be able to see each other like this, in the mornings, and at night."
"I know," Jack said. "That's one of the reasons why I invited you to stay with me. Other than your safety, that is."
I smiled and dug into the porridge.
#
After I attended the lectures in the morning and negotiated the schedule for catching up with my lab work with the professors, I walked towards the gendarmerie. I could have hailed a cab, as it was far enough that it wouldn't be a total waste of money to go there by cab, but it was still close enough that you could walk there with enough time. I chose to walk, to help clear my mind and steady my nerves.
I saw grandpa going out of a cab when I arrived at the gendarmerie station, ten minutes before the meeting started. Mister Hurston wasn't there yet.
"Shall we wait outside for Mister Hurston?" I suggested to grandpa. "Wouldn't want to spend more time than necessary at a police station."
"Let's do that," grandpa agreed. "It's not that cold anymore now that it's May, anyway."
We didn't have to wait for long, though, as Mister Hurston soon exited from a cab that stopped right in front of the station.
"Ah, there you are, Miss Bedwen, Professor Bedwen," he said, with his hat in his hand.
"Good morning, Mister Hurston," I greeted him.
"Good morning, Ansel," said grandpa. "Shall we go inside then?"
"Yes, let's," said Mister Hurston.
We went in, and saw Captain Briggs with Lieutenant Craen in the entrance hall, waiting for us.
"Miss Bedwen," Captain Briggs said, with a cold smile. He looked at my companions. "I see you've brought company."
"Ah, yes," I replied. "You already know Professor Bedwen, my master. And this is Mister Hurston, my lawyer. They will both be present during questioning."
"Mister Hurston," the Captain greeted him. 
"Captain Briggs," Mister Hurston replied. They seemed to know each other, but that wasn't too surprising. Mister Hurston had probably been many times at the police station, helping his clients with the questioning.
"Now, shall we?" the Captain asked, waving his hand towards the corridor.
"Yes, let's go," I answered.
We were escorted to a small room with a desk and four chairs. I sat, and Mister Hurston and grandpa sat, each at my side. Captain Briggs sat in front of me, while Lieutenant Craen stood by him.
"So," the Captain said, taking out a folder with some blank sheets, and dipping the pen in ink. "Miss Bedwen, can you tell us what happened the day Captain Greggs died?"
And so the questioning started. It was quite similar to what we'd practiced, except the Captain kept trying to insist on asking me questions regarding the use of magic. Every time he tried that, Mister Hurston gently reminded him that the use of magic was outside his jurisdiction and not relevant. We had agreed previously that it would be better not to mention the nitroglycerin since there was no proof of it. He also hammered me on my trip home. I explained that I did it for my health, after which Mister Hurston cut off that line of questioning by showing him the healer's note and pointing out that I was within my rights to travel, as I hadn't been banned from traveling.
The three hours the questioning lasted were hell, and I was feeling quite miserable by the end of it. It would have gone on, but when the questions became too repetitive, Mister Hurston cut it off.
"Unless you've got new questions for my client," he said, "we are done here."
The Captain nodded, unhappily, while the Lieutenant gave me a strange look. It seemed to be telling me this wasn't over. 
We went out without uttering a word until we were a few hundred yards away from the station. 
"That went well," said grandpa, who hadn't uttered a single word during the whole time. 
"It did," Mister Hurston agreed. "This should end the investigation of Miss Bedwen, unless new evidence arises. In which case, Miss Bedwen, call me," he said, giving me his card.
"Thank you, Mister Hurston," I said. "I do have a question for you if you don't mind."
"Go ahead, Miss Bedwen, ask away."
"Could the gendarmes have searched a room in secret while I was gone? Or would it have required a warrant?"
"While no-knock warrants do exist," Mister Hurston replied, "secret searches are definitely illegal. Any evidence found in such a search is inadmissible in court. You'd have known if your dorm room was searched; they would leave their warrant on the table if you weren't there. Do you suspect your room was searched?"
"It was just a question that popped into my mind," I replied. "It's nothing. Thank you, again."
"Don't thank me," Mister Hurston said, pointing at grandpa. "Thank your master. He's the one paying for my time."
And with that, he hailed a cab, leaving us there.
"What was that about?" asked grandpa. "About the secret search."
"Well," I admitted. "I thought my room was searched. But I'm not sure about it."
Grandpa took my suspicions seriously.
"Don't say in your dorm," he instructed me. "Always stay with your beau or at my house. I'm going to find a properly defended residence soon, and you should move in as soon as I do."
"Will do," I replied. It was nice to have somebody who believed in my paranoid suspicions. "Thank you, Gramps," I said. 
"That's nothing," grandpa replied. "What are you doing now?"
"Jack wanted to see me when this was over," I said. "So I'll drop by the station to see him."
"If that is so," grandpa said, "go see your beau. I'm sure he's worried about you."
I was going to raise my hand to hail a cab when I thought about the look Lieutenant Craen gave me.
"Gramps," I said. "I think this is not over yet. The gendarmes' investigation, I mean."
"Of course it's not," grandpa agreed. "It's not over until they catch the real culprit. But what makes you think that?"
"Well," I replied. "The Lieutenant gave me this strange look. Like he knew something I didn't. Like he had me."
"They do that all the time," grandpa said. "I wouldn't worry too much. We'll take things as they come."
He raised his hand, hailing a cab.
"Shall we go back to the city together?" he offered. "I could drop you closer to the police station."
"Thanks, Gramps," I said, hopping in, as he gave instructions to the cabby. 
#
As soon as Miss Bedwen and her defenders left, Captain Briggs looked apologetically at the man known as Lieutenant Craen.
"It seems like it won't be possible to convict her for the murder of Captain Greggs," he said. "Before she had such a powerful master, it would have been possible, but now... I know Ansel Hurston; he's one of the top criminal lawyers in Kalmar and the best one in Ashford. If you don't count Professor Bedwen, that is."
"That's OK," Lieutenant Craen said. "Since she didn't do it anyway. She's hiding something, but she didn't kill Edward. Her story matches the evidence, and we know he died after her phone call. Somebody else did it."
"Then why are you going after her?" Captain Briggs asked. He usually preferred to stay out of the Intelligence Corps' business, but this time, they forced him to work for them by giving him this partner. He'd followed his commands, but never really understood the reason.
"Because she knows something. And there's a reason why she used magic; there was definitely something worth killing for, the project Edward was working on. But she's keeping quiet, and I wanted to use this to force her to tell us the truth. It won't be possible to do it this way, but there's the Magical Tribunal."
"It won't help," Captain Briggs informed him. "Most of the light mages in Ashford still belong to the old guard, and they all have a history with the Inquisition. If it was any other master, we would be able to convince them to give her whatever punishment we wanted to, since they don't like dark mages. But not with Professor Bedwen. His father was a full Inquisitor; their family archive probably contains a lot of dirt on everybody, while he's managed to stay clean. No magical jury in Ashford will convict her. Not when there were no victims."
"We'll see about that," the dark mage said. "Old Inquisitors are not the only ones who have dirt on people."
Captain Briggs shrugged. Whatever this supposed Lieutenant did with the Magical Tribunal was outside his jurisdiction and thus not his business. He was just happy that he could get this man out of his hair.
"That's great," he said. "But we still have a murder to solve. It's been more than two months, and we haven't found any clues beyond what Miss Bedwen shared with us."
"As for that," Craen said. "I've got a few ideas. Now that Miss Bedwen is back, whoever killed Edward may reappear. We should keep her under observation."
"You want to use a civilian as bait?" the Captain asked. This kind of shenanigans were the bread and butter of the Intelligence Corps, but the last thing he needed was a dead civilian on his hands. Even a dark one. The headaches caused by the unsolved death of an officer were enough, a dead woman on his watch would obliterate his career.
"I won't do anything to provoke them," Craen said. "But they'll want to get rid of her. She knows too much."
#
Grandpa dropped me off close to the police station. I only had to walk a few minutes to get there. I came in and saw the same receptionist I'd seen on previous occasions. I guess he's a fixture. I'll need to get used to him.
"Detective Taylor is expecting me," I told him.
"He's told me about your visit, Miss Bedwen," he said, getting behind his counter. "Let me escort you to his office."
I knew the way since it wasn't that far, but I guess he didn't want a civilian wandering alone in a police station. So I politely smiled and followed him to Jack's office.
Jack was working on a pile of documents when I came in, but looked up and smiled when I came in after a brief knock.
"Dana! How did it all go?"
I closed the office door tightly before I hugged him.
"It went well, according to grandpa and Mister Hurston," I said. "But it was just so exhausting. I'm hungry now. Have you had lunch yet? Is your lunch break over?"
"Well, usually, I take my lunch break at 12," Jack said. "But it's not set in stone, and I was waiting for you today. Shall we go?"
"Great," I said. "I don't know any restaurants near the police station, but you must know them all."
"I do," he said. "Any preference?"
"I'd like to go to the one with the fewest number of cops," I admitted. "I'm exhausted today, and the last thing I want is for everybody to observe us as we eat."
"I know such a place," Jack said. "It's further than the rest, but the food's decent. Let's go then," he opened the door, holding it for me. I guess all the men I interact with are old-fashioned.













Chapter 11

The restaurant Jack chose offered some decent food. Not as good as the steakhouse near campus, but plenty of good cuts of meat and few veggies. Every plate had a symbolic leaf of boiled cabbage or something, but it was small enough that I could ignore it without feeling like I was throwing food. Not something a poor student can do.
My diet had become richer now that it wasn't limited by my budget anymore. With the meals at my parents' home, at grandpa's house, and the restaurants Jack took me to, the amount of red meat in my diet had increased and the amount of bread and oatmeal had decreased. Which was nice, but it made me wonder how I would live if I had to go back to my previous student lifestyle.
No need to worry about it, though. Jack and I seemed to be going steady and grandpa wasn't leaving anywhere (and as his apprentice, I had to spend my next three years with him). After the next course year, I would be an alchemist, even if I had to stay an extra year to learn the stupid magic. An alchemists' salary can definitely pay for daily meat. Maybe not a servant at first, but cooking is not that hard.
Jack, whom I told the basics of what happened at the interview during the walk towards the restaurant, was letting me enjoy the meal in silence. He can be so thoughtful sometimes. I knew they had trained him in handling people like me, and I'd learned to make peace with it (it's hard to find a normal person who can stand me and handle my moods), but sometimes, it was uncomfortable. Not this time, though.
I dug into dessert, and, as I felt the flavor of perfectly baked cheesecake with a raspberry jam topping melting in my mouth, finally felt like talking.
"It was delicious, thank you for bringing me here," I told Jack.
Jack, who had skipped dessert and was now nursing a cup of coffee in his hands, smiled.
"I'm glad. I know such things can be draining," he replied. "They are exhausting even for the interrogator."
"Have you ever been questioned?" I asked him, curious. Jack had always been so proper; what could he have possibly done that would warrant an investigation?
"Police get interrogated whenever there are deaths in cases we're investigating. And when facing a promotion, our work gets checked with a toothcomb. You had to face two hours of questioning; I sometimes have to face weeks of observation and control."
"Oh, don't think I won't have to face the same," I observed. "I'm pretty sure I'm under observation. You know, my dorm room was searched thoroughly while I was away. I first thought it was the gendarmes, but they'd have to get a warrant for that and leave a note. And that didn't happen."
"Is that so? Why didn't you tell me before?" Jack asked me.
"Because I didn't want you to worry," I replied. "Now that I know it couldn't be the gendarmes, my guess is that it was the people who killed Captain Greggs. They probably want to know how much I know. And, with that search, they'd have found nothing."
"Still," Jack said. "It's not very good if they just come and search your house. What if they come while you're inside?"
"That's one of the reasons I temporarily moved in with you," I said. 
"One of them?" Jack asked me. "And what are the others?"
"Well," I replied, smiling suggestively. "I can tell you all about those reasons tonight."
"I'll take your word for it," he replied, raising his arm to ask the waiter for the bill.
"What are you planning to do for the rest of the day?" he then asked me, after the waiter left. "You must be exhausted. You should be resting more in your state of health."
"No rest for the wicked, I'm afraid," I replied. "I'm going to the library to copy the notes my classmates gave me. I have a lot of material to catch up to."
"Just don't overexert yourself," Jack said. "Go home when you are tired, take a nap. I gave you the keys so you could go there any moment."
"I'm used to it, don't worry. Focusing on studying will be a nice change compared to everything I've been doing lately." I replied to him, as he paid, leaving a generous tip, and we headed towards the exit.
#
Spending the evening in the library, drilling down on the complexities of steel alloy production was nice, for a change. Alchemy was the reason I'd come to Ashford, leaving my family behind. It was what allowed me to live through some fairly lonely years, with Joe as my only friend/acquaintance. I'm not good at making friends or creating deep connections. And during all that time, alchemy had been the cure to my solitude, the delight of my soul, and the outlet of my ambitions. Unlike magic, which required complex unscientific skills, alchemy was more logical and could be mastered with effort and brains.
So I copied my classmates' notes (despite not having many friends, quite a few people owed me some favors), delighting in the simplicity and tangible nature of the subject. But, once I started nodding off over the comparison of the bearing capabilities of catenary vs circular arches for a structural engineering course, I realized that it was probably enough for the day. I picked up my things, putting everything in my bag, and headed towards the exit.
That's when Joe bumped into me.
"Dana!" he said, following me, although he was headed towards the library before that. "How are you? Haven't seen you for ages! Gosh, you are so thin!"
Joe didn't attend most classes, so I didn't see him there, and I had been too busy and exhausted to look for him. He was usually hard to find.
"Hi, Joe," I replied, in a much lower volume than him. "I had some health issues related to my Initiation, so I went home to recover."
"Your Initiation? So you finally became a mage? I thought you wanted to be an alchemist."
"And I still do," I answered.
"If you say so," Joe replied, skeptically.
Mages earned more than alchemists, except for the truly remarkable alchemists. It was natural to assume that a magician-alchemist would spend their life practicing magic. But I didn't avoid Initiation just because my magic was weak, whatever grandpa thought; I wanted to stay an alchemist. Learning magic wouldn't stop that.
"I'm still an alchemist," I told him. "Why would I bother to catch up on all the courses, otherwise? I was only gone for two months, but it seems like enough material for a full semester was given in that time."
"You'll catch up," Joe replied, nonchalantly. He never worried about his studies; he had a guaranteed job at his uncle's company when he graduated. It frustrated me to no end. "But," he realized, "you'll have to double your coursework, right? If you don't want your magic blocked, you'll need to learn how to use it. And you need a master -- must be tough for you, the need to obey somebody."
"My master, Professor Bedwen, hasn't ordered me to do anything so far," I replied. "Except I'm moving with him, to facilitate learning. With my busy schedule, the only time I have for learning magic are the evenings."
"Well, at least the summer vacations are near -- in a month, you'll have a lot more free time..." Joe stopped, realizing something. "Wait -- Professor Bedwen? The light mage? He's your master?"
"Yes, yes, and yes," I replied, as I had told my other classmates before. I haven't checked whether this is the first opposed polarity master-apprentice relationship, but it's the only one I've ever heard of. Which is why it wasn't banned -- nobody would think of doing something that stupid. Except for me -- not sure whether I should feel proud of it or not.
"But... but... but..." Joe stammered, "how is he going to teach you anything? How can a light mage teach you dark magic?"
"I already know the theory," I pointed out, "as do you. He only needs to teach me the practical aspect, and, at least at the basic level, dark and light magic are the same."
"But there will be differences," Joe said, shaken. "At some point, he won't be able to teach you..."
"He can teach me how to control my magic, and that's enough," I said. "Look, the only requirement for a magical license is that you can control your magic and you aren't a danger to others. Doing something useful with it is not."
"But you're so good in alchemy," Joe complained. "You're so smart and talented. You could achieve great things in magic."
"There are plenty of ambitious mages out there," I pointed out. "And I never wanted to be a mage. I'm an alchemist, and Initiation won't change that."
"If you feel like that, why did you go through with it?" Joe accused me. He had a point. I didn't have to go through with Initiation, I could have remained a magical person without an ability to use it for life. If it hadn't been for the spontaneous illegal Initiation I had gone through, that is.
"I was fooled," I replied. "Professor Bedwen convinced me I could start seeing magic after Initiation, and that would be helpful with magical alchemy devices. I didn't realize it would affect my health so much."
"But they tell you all about it before you go through with it," Joe pointed out. "You need to sign a ream of papers acknowledging that you're aware of the risks. You couldn't have gone through with it without knowing the risks."
Since when does Joe have so much knowledge about the internal workings of magical Initiation? My paranoia flowered again, whispering suspicions into my ear. Why had he come looking for me, asking these questions? Joe was the person who had told me about the job. Was he involved with them? It hurt to think that -- Joe had been my only person for the last three years. 
"Well, I never thought all that applied to me," I replied, giving a typically dark arall answer. "I thought it was lawyerly ass-covering."
"Why didn't you discuss this with me?" Joe then asked. 
"And why would I need to discuss it with you?" I asked him. "Who are you, to demand I discuss my life decisions with you?"
Joe was surprised and hurt; he didn't expect my pushback.
"I thought you're my friend," he said. "But you then disappear, leaving no note, without saying anything, and came back visibly thinner and after having gone through Initiation. I thought..."
"What?" I asked, starting to get a bit testy.
"That you joined a cult."
I was dumbfounded. How could he think that? Although... It may very well seem so from outside, considering what Joe knew. I suddenly changed my opinion drastically about something I had been vehemently against before; I cut contact with friends; he didn't know I had been with my family, and I looked like somebody who had been starved. It was quite reasonable for Joe to think that, if he didn't know about my troubles.
But it was still ridiculous. Dark magicals never join cults; that's a light magical affliction. We are too independent and disobedient. So I laughed.
"Joe," I said after I stopped laughing. "I think sometimes you forget who I am. Maybe because you aren't used to women of my kind, because all the ones in Ashford are in Applied and Practical magic."
Both dark and light mages tended to have a parallel life to everybody else in university, leading their own mysterious lives. They even had separate dorms. Students usually didn't interact with them much at all.
Joe was chastened, and seemingly relieved.
"So you didn't join a cult," he said. "But then, why did you suddenly change so much? Why are you spending so much time with Professor Bedwen -- he's even your master now!"
I decided to share some of the truth with Joe. True -- he was suspicious, but he was my friend.
"He's my grandfather," I told him. "My mother, she's his daughter."
"His daughter? The one who died?" Joe asked.
"She's perfectly alive, let me tell you. But don't go around telling people that. We've decided to keep it secret. Some of his enemies are still alive -- and they may come after me."
Joe sat, trying to assimilate what I told him. 
"But... if he is your grandfather, why are you dark?" he asked.
"It must come from my father's side," I replied.
"You told me your brothers are light, once," Joe reminded me. "How could you be dark, with light brothers?"
"As for that," I answered, "my family thinks it's because I'm female. They seem to think that light magic comes through the male line."
"Doesn't seem to make much sense," Joe pointed out, "since you got your dark magic from your father, presumably, and your brothers got theirs from your mother."
I shrugged. I never particularly cared about the reasons why my family was atypical. My parents were my parents, and my brothers were my brothers. Why would it matter which genes I inherited from whom? In school, I had to shut up everybody who questioned my family. Some seemed to think that my mother cheated on father; I never took those insinuations kindly, always escalating whenever somebody talked like that about my family.
"Look, Joe," I replied. "Don't think too much about it. I've heard all kinds of different theories about my family. If you dare mention most of them, you'll stop being my friend forever. So don't talk about it."
"I won't, I promise. I won't discuss your family, with anybody."
The conversation had been uneasy enough; I decided this was enough.
"Thanks," I replied. "I need to go now; I need to take a nap. I feel so tired lately. How about we go to the pub after I catch up with everything? I'm so busy recovering the lost labs and seminars, I barely eat."
"Of course," Joe said. "I'll be hanging out in the usual places."
"Great."
And with that awkward end, I left to take that nap, this time without any interruptions.














Chapter 12

The three weeks after that were the busiest weeks of my entire life. I had to attend all the usual classes, labs, and seminars, plus all the catch-up lab sessions. Writing up all those reports, figuring out how to perform the calculations without having attended the seminars, and writing all those papers consumed all my time. When I arrived at Jack's home, I would eat dinner, which he cooked, and we would eat in silence. Sometimes, if I had any energy, we'd spend some pleasurable time in the bedroom. More often than not, though, I just fell asleep as soon as my head touched the pillow, with the weight of Jack's arm around me helping me sleep through the night.
We talked at breakfast when I had energy and could share my plans for the day (study, study, and study some more). By the Friday of the third week, Jack shared his concerns with me.
"You know," he told me, "I think you're working yourself to the bone. This is unsustainable. I get that you need to catch up and keep up, but how long is this gonna last?"
"Actually," I replied, spreading some jam on a toast (I got sick of oatmeal), "today is my last day. I'll still have classes, but I'm back to my normal schedule."
"That's good," Jack said, relieved. "I wanted my girlfriend back."
"Thank you," I told him. "I'm not sure I could have done this without you. It was exhausting. Your support was important for me, and I appreciate everything you did."
"I'm just glad this is over," he replied. "This calls for a celebration -- maybe even a party."
"Sure," I replied. "Let's do something nice tomorrow."
"I'll make sure to wrap up everything today," Jack said, "so I'm completely free on the weekend."
"Thank you," I said, reaching over the table to kiss him.
The kiss was brief, just an expression of affection. We didn't have much time left; I had to run to class, and Jack had to go to work. 
"What time are you coming home?" Jack asked as I was putting on my leather jacket and fedora. No scarf or woolen coats anymore. May is not that cold, although it's not quite warm yet in Ashford.
"After dinner," I replied. "I'll go have dinner with grandpa today. I haven't seen him for the last three weeks, and we need to catch up. And then we can spend the entire weekend together, with no interruptions."
"I'll be staying in the office until late today," Jack said, opening the door.
"OK," I replied, as we were going down the stairs. "I'll go to sleep when I come back, then. Just make sure you also eat dinner."
We parted at the door with a kiss. I was so looking forward to this intense schedule to be over.
#
Submitting the last lab report felt great. I put the stack of paper onto the shelf for that class' assignment and felt the relief circulating through my entire body. 
As I went to grandpa's home, I was feeling guilty. I hadn't visited Billie in all this time; I didn't have the energy or time to play with him. I hoped I could make it up to him tonight.
When I rang, I noticed that Bettie took longer than usual to answer the door. She was usually much faster. As I came in, I noticed that there was much less furniture than before.
"We've been packing, Miss Bedwen," the housekeeper told me. "We're moving into the house Professor Bedwen bought next week."
"That's great, Bettie," I replied. "I'll go play with Billie now. Just call me at dinnertime, please."
"Yes, Miss Bedwen," she replied, as she hurriedly left on whatever business had occupied her.
I went to Billie's room, where he greeted me with great enthusiasm. We spent the afternoon playing until we got called for dinner. I hadn't talked with grandpa since that day at the interview; he was happy to see me, although he expressed it in his usual repressed manner. 
"I see you're finished catching up on lost classes, Dana," he observed. 
"That's right, Gramps. I'm back! I'm taking a break this weekend, but next week, it's all back to normal. We can resume the magic learning sessions, and I'll resume polishing off the thesis."
"That's good," he said. "But hold your horses. Things aren't normal yet. You still have to go through the magical tribunal. I've handled most of the issues; paid for the repairs and prepared a defense. Which we need to prep you for. It will be the week after the next, so we'll need to drill down on this."
"Can I still get the weekend off?" I asked. "Jack and I wanted to spend a bit of time together. He's been very patient, and I'd like to thank him."
"Maybe not the entire weekend," grandpa said. "But if you come for a few hours on Sunday, we can get a good start. It's great if you get some rest; you need to be fresh for this battle."
"OK," I nodded. The number of problems I had to tackle never seemed to end. Every time I felt like I had a handle on things, boom! Another heap of problems seemed to surface. "But why didn't you tell me earlier, Gramps? I could have squished in some preparation."
"I didn't know it would happen this soon," grandpa said. "These things usually take forever. Just assembling a magical tribunal is a very non-trivial thing. But it seemed like they had things ready, so by the time you arrived, the jury was drawn. I spent this time presenting our written argument; you'll need to give your testimony."
"Thank you," I had been so busy with other things, and the relief of getting rid of my problems with the gendarmerie so big, I had forgotten about the magical tribunal. But then, I'm not a worrier, and it's better to let professionals handle these things. And grandpa was a pro. "Did you mention the nitroglycerin?"
"I did not," grandpa replied. "It won't help you much, and it would seem like you're making excuses. We're going for uncontrolled magic due to emotional shock."
"But who will believe that?" I asked. "Emotional shock? For a dark arall? You know we never get scared. I wasn't in shock." The last thing I wanted was to look like a sissy who got scared by a minor wound.
"Drop it, Dana," grandpa cut me off. "Emotional shock doesn't mean you were scared; you could be angry or upset. That's what we're going with. Everybody knows that the time after Initiation, mages become emotionally unstable; it wouldn't be too surprising if you had a fit of rage."
"But I wasn't. Emotionally unstable, I mean. I didn't feel bouts of anger or anything after my real Initiation."
"That's because you spent a week in hospital, sedated. And after that, you were too weak to feel much of anything. Your magic has barely recovered, and with your intense schedule and health issues, it will take a very long time until your magic recovers fully. The emotions will come then."
"Fair enough," I felt more magic inside me, but it's true it wasn't overpowering me or my emotions. Could it be that I hadn't recovered enough?
"By the way, Gramps," I changed the topic because I didn't want to spend the entire dinner discussing our legal strategy for the tribunal. "I heard from Bettie you found a house? Where is it?"
"It's close to campus," grandpa replied. "And well-defended, too. It's not very good looking, but the structure is solid. And it was affordable, too. And it is magically protected."
That spiked my curiosity. An affordable building near campus? I knew grandpa was rich, but the area surrounding the university was infamously overpriced (it was among the most expensive areas in the nation, I think). If you didn't get dorm space, private housing anywhere within walking distance of campus would set you back by a pretty penny.
"So where is it, exactly?" I asked.
"Well," grandpa was being cagey, "you should see it when the workers finish it. It will be finished right after the tribunal date, and we should move in straight after that. Bettie will start organizing the move then."
"Was it in such a terrible state, that you don't want to tell me about it now?" I asked.
"Well, you could say that," grandpa said.
"OK, Gramps, I'll see what dump you bought after the tribunal," I said. "But if it's bad enough, I'm staying with Jack. Mother wanted me to be safe, and I'll be safe with Jack."
"Your beau, despite his many wonderful qualities, is not a mage," grandpa said. "And can't defend you against magic. I can."
I was about to snicker when I remembered the story Jack told me about grandpa. He wasn't lying. I don't know how, but grandpa could use his magic to kill people; he could probably use it for defense, too. They must have trained Inquisitors in stuff they don't teach most light mages.
"Whatever you say, Gramps," I told him. "I'll learn to do it myself, soon. I signed up for summer catch up classes in magic; that will shave off some extra time that was added to my ordinary coursework because of my Initiation."
"That's good. But you must have the basics solid before that. We'll start training after we're done with the tribunal and the move. Now, pass me the sauce, and will you stop picking the mushrooms out of your stew?"
"I don't get why you'd add mushrooms to a perfectly good stew," I grumbled. "Meat, sauce, potatoes. Why mess with perfection?"
"Quit whining. You need those extra nutrients. You haven't gained any weight since we came back; it seems like you've been skipping lunches. That needs to stop."
Grandpa had a point; I hadn't gained any weight. I was still skeletal, and my ribs were still visible. Jack still gave me weird looks whenever he saw me naked. Not the kind of look you'd want from a lover, that's for sure. So I dug into the stew, carefully picking out the mushrooms, but eating all the good bits. I'm not sure how long Bettie will try to fight me on this. She shouldn't expect surrender; mother had fought that war for eighteen years, and she only ever won a few skirmishes. I never ceded any tactical ground. Veggies are no food for humans. They are the food of food.
Once dinner was over, I bid Billie goodnight and went back to Jack's place. He wasn't there yet when I came there, but I climbed to bed without him, after a shower. I was exhausted.
#
I'm not sure what time Jack came back yesterday, but he was solidly asleep when I woke up. The sun shone through the solid black curtains, making everything visible to my morning mole eyes. He was still asleep after I emerged from the leisurely bath I had, so I went to eat breakfast without him. We had the full day; he needed rest, too.
So I made breakfast, leaving his portion on the stove, and sat down to eat and have some tea. He was still asleep when I finished eating and cleaned the dishes. I sneaked into the bedroom to check on him. He rarely slept in that late. As I tiptoed towards the bed, I noticed his breathing pattern changed a bit. I leaned in.
"Hey," I whispered.
He opened his eyes, hugged me, and rolled over.
"Good morning to you too," he said.
"That was sneaky," I protested.
"You haven't seen me being sneaky yet," he said, sliding his hand into my robe and going under the camisole I put on. 
I laughed. 
"Well, let's see you being sneaky," I said. "But let me tell you, I can be pretty devious myself."
By the time we were out of bed, it was lunchtime, and I had to take another shower. This time, I took it with Jack, who assured me we had to save water.
#
We spent the entire weekend enjoying our free time in Jack's place. After some consideration, we went out for dinner, but that was mostly because none of us felt like cooking. By late Sunday afternoon, I remembered the promise to grandpa.
"I promised grandpa I'd drop by, and we'd talk about strategy for the magical tribunal. Do you want to come? You could play a bit with Billie while I talk shop with grandpa, and then we'd have dinner with them. You'll get to meet my family, crazy uncle and all."
"I've already met them," Jack pointed out.
"But you didn't know who they were to me then. You can meet them again, with this additional information. Re-evaluate."
"Do you want me to come?" Jack asked.
"Well," I said, carefully. "While I don't want to pressure you if you don't want to, he is my grandfather, and you're my boyfriend. You're both an important part of my life, and I'd like you to get along."
"It's not like we don't get along," Jack pointed out. "I don't dislike the man."
"The more reason for you to get to know him better," I said. "I'd like you to gauge him for yourself, without any prejudice."
"Alright," Jack said. "Let's go. If you're going to live with him, I'll probably have many dinners with them, anyway. I don't see why you can't stay with me, though."
"Because I promised mother," I said, going over the same arguments we'd discussed many times before, when I wasn't too tired to talk. "And because grandpa's right; you can't defend yourself against a magical attack. At least against anything that can't be handled with an artifact."
"Does Professor Bedwen think there's an active risk of a magical attack?" Jack asked.
"I'm not sure what he thinks," I replied, as I dressed. "But I don't want to risk anything happening to you. I know you're used to risking your life, but this is not your duty."
"Protecting civilians is my duty," Jack protested.
"And if I need the protection of the police, I'll come to you," I said, buttoning up my shirt. Jack was also almost completely dressed. "We've talked about this. I don't need you to be my knight in shining armor; I just need you to be there for me."
"But I'd like to help you," Jack said. "I know you're a big girl, and that you're as strong as me, but I'm still a traditional man. I'm not modern enough to let my woman deal with problems on her own."
"And I will not let my man risk his life for mine," I cut him off. "And what's with the machismo, anyway? I thought they coached you on how to deal with women like me. Why would you ever say that?"
"You wanted me to stop managing you, to be my real self. And this is who I am," Jack responded. "I will not stand aside to let you fight alone. I want to have your back."
"But I don't know when I'll have to fight. If I knew when they would attack me, I could prep for it; in this case, though, it's unlikely I'll be able to do anything. There probably won't be time to call you," I said, as I put my jacket on, now fully dressed. "Let's go out. Grandpa's probably wondering where I was."














Chapter 13

When I came to grandpa's house, he was the one who opened the door, for a change.
"Good afternoon, Miss Bedwen. You remembered to come by. I see you brought your beau?" he said, raising his eyebrows when he saw Jack.
"Good afternoon, Gramps. You can cut the formality, Jack knows," I replied.
"I see," he replied, squinting. He turned towards Jack. "So, Detective Taylor, it seems my granddaughter told you everything. I'm not sure what she sees in you, you being a government agent, but I hope you don't disappoint her. Or I'll deal with you personally."
"I would never betray Dana's trust again, Professor Bedwen," Jack replied.
"I certainly hope so," grandpa said, standing close to Jack. Now that they were this close, I noticed grandpa was taller than Jack. I never noticed how tall grandpa was since he always seemed so harmless.
They stared at each other for way too long, and I cut off whatever that was.
"Gramps," I said, pulling him by his sleeve. "I came to discuss our legal strategy, remember? Jack, you should go play with Billie. Or go to the library; there are plenty of books there. I'll call you when we're done."
"Certainly," Jack said. "I'll go meet your uncle. If that's OK with your grandpa."
"You can go play with my son, Detective Taylor," grandpa answered. Then he briskly walked towards his office, as I followed him silently. He didn't start talking again until he activated the secrecy artifact.
"So you told your beau our family secrets? I thought we would be more careful, Dana. I have told none of my friends."
"Jack is more than a friend to me," I replied. "He's my boyfriend. He's not family, but close. I'd rather trust him and be disappointed than stay alone forever. What's the worst that could happen, anyway? It's not like we could keep this secret for that much longer. You should tell your close friends, if you trust them, too."
"You should be more careful about whom you trust, Dana. Even family can betray you."
"Well, I will keep trusting people," I replied. "I will not change my life just because you have been disappointed by people before."
"I guess there's no point in discussing the matter further," grandpa said. "I believed the same thing when I was young. You'll find on your own."
"Or maybe I won't end up alone like you," I replied. 
Grandpa winced. My attack had been too personal.
"I'm sorry," I said. "It's just..."
"That you don't want to end up like me," grandpa smirked. "Ending up with only a sick son and a daughter who disowned me wasn't my goal, either. But at least she's not dead."
There wasn't anything much I could say that wouldn't make the matter worse. So, for the first time ever, I hugged him. He stiffened, and didn't reciprocate, but didn't release my embrace, either.
"Mother will forgive you," I told him. "Eventually. She may be angry at you, but, if she sees how much you love Billie, how well you take care of him, and get close with Sam, Billie, and Mikey, she'll come around. Even father is on your side."
Grandpa stood there, in my embrace, without responding, for a while. Eventually, he tapped my shoulder, and I released my embrace. It was awkward.
"That's nice of you," he replied, his voice cold again. "But that won't happen if I don't get you out of trouble. She seems to blame me for that, so we need to solve your problems."
"She is vengeful," I acknowledged, sitting on the chair. It was so uncomfortable to discuss the moment. Going back to our businesslike relationship was easier. "So what is the legal strategy you intend to use? I have no idea how any of the magic things work."
"Well, as your master, I'm responsible for civil liability for your magical outbursts," grandpa said. "And there's no criminal liability for what you did, since the university accepted the settlement, and nobody was injured."
"That doesn't seem to be fair," I said. "I was the one who burnt the lab, after all."
"That's why masters have so many rights over their apprentices," grandpa replied. "Because we're responsible for everything they do. In the past, masters were even criminally liable for their apprentices' crimes. Masters also could just get rid of apprentices they considered too dangerous. The modern system is much more humane."
"Well, I'm glad you're my master," I replied. "And that you're on my side. But if it wasn't a crime, and you paid compensation, why is the tribunal convened at all?"
"Because they need to figure out whether the accident was avoidable. Whether it was entirely predictable, and whether you're a danger to society."
"And how do they do that?" I asked.
"By questioning my teaching methods. Should I have kept you at home? Were you ready to go outside after your Initiation? That kind of question. So here is what you need to say..."
We spent the rest of the time before dinner preparing for the questioning. Even trying to be as vague as possible, it seemed like I would have to lie through my teeth.
"Won't they be able to detect lies?" I asked. "Some of them are empaths, after all."
"For common people, sure," grandpa replied. "And for stable mages, maybe, if they're weak enough. But a young unstable dark mage? Any empath that tries to get a read on you would have to be crazy. Your emotional emanations alone give me a headache if I don't block them."
"I'm sorry," I replied.
"Oh, don't worry. I know how to block them. We'll need to teach you how not to emanate your feelings, but for the moment, this is the best protection you have."
#
After dinner, during which Jack and grandpa stayed formal with each other, I stayed at Jack's place. The entire week before the magical tribunal date, I spent most of the time outside classes with grandpa, preparing my defense. Mister Hurston was not there.
"Magical law is different; we have no lawyers," grandpa explained. "Each master needs to learn the rules on their own. But we don't have that many written explicit rules, anyway. It mostly depends on the reputation of a master. Those old geezers know who I am. I know quite a few things about them, too."
"Wait," I said. "So you know all the members of the jury? You even have dirt on them? Shouldn't it be an unbiased jury?"
"They're all light mages who have at least a magister's title. How many such mages do you think there are in the Ashford area?" grandpa asked.
"Quite a few? Considering this is a university town? Shouldn't all the professors at the university be magisters?"
"Not all professors are magisters of magic. You need to contribute substantially to the field, and not everybody can do that. And none of the members of the tribunal belong to the university; that would be a conflict of interest, you see," grandpa replied.
"It seems like anybody would have a conflict of interest with you," I said. "It seems like the magical community is even more incestuous than it seemed to me at first."
"Incestuous? That's actually quite an accurate term," grandpa said, with a weird gleam in his eyes. 
"Don't tell me some of them are related to you!" I said.
"One of them is my second cousin once removed," grandpa admitted. "And I went to college with quite a few of them. There aren't that many light mages."
"How did they control an entire country, with so few mages?"
"The Inquisition had a lot of non-mages, Dana. It's just that everybody on top was a mage. And there were quite a few dark mages too."
"Of course there were," that my fellow dark arall showed absolutely no solidarity to their kind and only looked after their hide was no surprise to me. "Somebody had to do the actual fighting."
Grandpa gave me another weird look but said nothing this time.
#
On Monday, Grandpa took me to a training site. It was empty, which was unusual for a Sunday.
"There is something else you'll need to do before the hearing," he said.
"What?" I asked.
"You must drain your magic," he said. "I know you've barely started recovering, but you need to lower the level of your magic, again."
"But..." I said, remembering how miserable I felt while my magic levels were low. "It was bad enough last time. If I come looking all pale again, won't they notice something's off?"
"You shouldn't drain your magic that much," grandpa said. "Just enough to go down to level one. It should not affect your health that much."
"And how do I do that?" I asked. "I still haven't learned to use the magic. At all. The only thing I've done so far was the stupid control exercise you made me do."
"That's because you need to learn the basics first," grandpa said, as we re-hashed the same conversation for the hundredth time. "As for draining, do it as you did it last time. Create a fireball."
"Last time, I created a huge magical fire," I told him. "And you can't counteract my magic."
"Well, you shouldn't make a big one. Just make many small ones and throw them at the target. Nothing will be damaged that way; that's what this room is for," grandpa said. "It's almost indestructible. It's so full of absorbing artifacts, it should absorb all your magic with minor damage. So go ahead; I'll be right there, observing," he said, pointing at the bench outside the big circle drawn on the floor.
I sat there, trying to remember what I did that time. The pain and the shadow of death I felt that time made me avoid the experience. But it seems I had no choice; I would have to do this, to save myself from getting my magic blocked. They say that it's even worse than having it drained, forever; the feeling that your life energy is there, at the touch of the hand, makes it much worse and depressing.
I collected the diffuse magic, concentrating it, like on the control exercises grandpa made me do. But this time, I had to push it out, through my arms, towards my hands, and to the surface, forming magical fire. 
"That's enough, Dana," grandpa said. "Throw it away and make the next one."
I opened my eyes. The fireball I had in my hands was the size of my fist. I quickly threw it towards the target; it made a huge, cracking sound, as it absorbed it. 
"What was that?" I asked grandpa.
Grandpa, who was just outside the perimeter, also heard the noise. 
"The targets make that noise to show high degrees of damage," he said, "if this was an actual fight."
"Can it survive many more attacks?" I asked. 
The target, a body-sized bag of sand with a small crystal artifact on top, wasn't looking very good. It had been partly burned, and the crystal was looking milky.
"It should," grandpa said. "Go ahead, there are others in the storage room. I will pay fully for everything you destroy, so do your worst."
I did, throwing four more. The target burned down in magical fire when the last one touched it; the artifact must have exhausted itself. 
"And what now?" I asked grandpa, looking at the thin layer of dust on the floor, where the target had previously been.
"Well, now you swipe the remains, and we bring a fresh one," grandpa said.
As we did that, I felt a bit out of breath. Using my magic had weakened me as if I had physically exerted myself.
"How much more do I have to do this?" I asked grandpa. "Because I'm feeling pretty tired. And hungry."
"Wait a second," grandpa said, "I'll check."
He started making the same gestures he made when scanning me before.
"You're still a bit too strong," grandpa said. "But it's not good to drain all your magic at once. We'll come tomorrow again. Let's go eat now; you'll need the nutrients."
We spent the entire week doing so. Every day I came home, weaker and weaker every evening, Jack helped me shower and put on a camisole, helping me go to sleep. I didn't have the energy for anything else.
#
On the day of the tribunal hearing, Jack accompanied me to the court building after breakfast. They used the ordinary court for magical ones, too, since it mostly made little sense to have a separate building. There were few cases and fewer mages.
"I see your master is there," Jack said. He was still formal with grandpa, but he wasn't this formal in private anymore. He called grandpa "Mister Bedwen" now, rather than the more formal "Professor Bedwen".
He escorted me to grandpa, with my hand on his elbow. I must admit I was nervous about the hearing. I had never been in court, and this one was magical. Grandpa had drilled me thoroughly, and now I lied easily about the events surrounding my real Initiation. It's not like I had any moral qualms about lying. But despite grandpa's assurances that nobody in the room could read me magically, going to a room full of experienced mind-readers to lie to them was a bit intimidating. That's why, as much as possible, grandpa had couched me not to lie, but to be as oblique as possible with the truth. Still, lying was necessary to cover up my unlicensed Initiation. 
When we reached grandpa, Jack released my arm and gave me a kiss on the cheek. 
"I have to go to work now," he said. "They wouldn't give me a free day. But I'm sure Master Bedwen will take proper care of you. Master Bedwen," he gave grandpa a shallow bow, "I leave Dana in your care."
"Thank you, young man. Miss Bedwen, I hope you are ready," grandpa said.
"I am, sir. Master," I quickly corrected myself, looking around.
Nobody was close enough to overhear our conversation. But one of the people who was standing closer to the door of the court turned around and started coming towards us. It was Lieutenant Craen.
"What is he doing here, sir?" I asked grandpa, nodding towards him. "This is a magical matter. He has no authority or jurisdiction."
"Nothing good," Grandpa answered. "But he has the right to see the court proceedings. He'll probably try to ask questions during public objections."
"I thought you said usually nothing happens during public objections," I said.
"Yes, usually," Grandpa nodded. "Because most people don't know enough about magic to raise questions. But he knows magic. And he has an ax to grind, whatever his deal is."
The Lieutenant was now next to us.
"Professor Bedwen," he said, nodding towards grandpa; then, looking at me, "Miss Bedwen. I see you are early here."
"Not that early," I pointed out, my voice dripping in antipathy. "There are only ten minutes left. Traffic can be bad in Ashford; it's only reasonable to come ahead of time."
He nodded and then started chatting about the weather. I looked at grandpa, who faintly shrugged and kept the small talk in his signature coolly formal style.














Chapter 14

When the hearing started, I was left outside, instructed to come in when grandpa's defense and testimony ended, and they called me. Sitting there, inactive, waiting, was nerve-wracking. Which is why I brought a book with me. A kids' book on magic, one of those grandpa insisted I read to fill in the gaps in my education. In his opinion, the university courses I had studied on magic taught me nothing in the more practical areas.
Lieutenant Craen, who stayed outside for some reason, sat beside me on the bench in front of the courtroom door. He sat very close to me, his thigh touching mine, despite having the whole bench available. I pointedly ignored him, concentrating on the book. It was written in a very simple language, and the explanations were way too primitive for my academically trained mind. Still, this was the most I could process in this situation. The Lieutenant leaned over my shoulder, trying to read. I closed the book and offered it to him.
"Would you like to read it, Lieutenant?" I asked. "If you want to read it so much, I can lend it to you. It will be more interesting than my court appearance."
Lieutenant Craen smiled and read the book title.
"Magic for kids," he read. "Isn't it a bit too simple for a woman with your mind, Miss Bedwen?"
"I follow my master's instructions," I replied. "And if he says that I need to read this book, I'll read it."
"So you follow all your master's orders?" he asked.
"Those that relate to my education, yes," I replied. "Because I need to learn as much magic as I can. And if he thinks there's something I don't know in these books, I'll read them."
"If all apprentices were this studious, magical tribunals would have even less work than they have now," Lieutenant Craen said, leaning even more towards me. 
I stayed where I was, as uncomfortable as it was. Invading somebody else's private space is a show of power among dark arall. He was higher status than me, a full mage, and he was stronger than me, as a male mage. I couldn't fight him, but I could stand my ground. So I did that, staring into his eyes without moving an inch.
"Well, not all apprentices will have a university education and a scientific mind," I replied. "And it's good for magical tribunals to get a bit of practice now and then, isn't it? Otherwise, they'll grow stale."
"Indeed," he said, with a smile, leaning back, letting me have my ground. I stayed sitting straight, without collapsing in the chair. You couldn't show such people any sign of weakness.
He said nothing else, and I opened the book again, concentrating on reading it. I wasn't doing much headway in that, but I kept turning pages every so often because I didn't want to show him he got to me.
My interactions with male mages as an adult had been so far limited to my professors, to whom I was one amongst many. Despite me being dark arall, they ignored me, without entering into the traditional status games every two dark magicals start whenever they meet. Mostly because I was already their student, I showed respect to them (but not deference) and didn't question their authority. But I guess for Lieutenant Craen, me avoiding a conviction for a murder I did not commit was a personal insult and a slight to his authority. High-status mages rarely take slights well, quashing the weaker mage instantly. But he waited for four weeks to reappear. And I could see from his stance he was plotting something. The way he smiled faintly while observing me was deeply disquieting. What could it be?
By the time they called me in, I was ready to jump out of my seat. But, as the clerk stepped out to call me, I slowly closed the book and put it in my bag, and stood up, smiling at the Lieutenant.
"I'd like to thank you for the scintillating conversation, Lieutenant," I said. "But I need to go in."
Lieutenant Craen smiled, standing close to me, looking at me from above.
"Excellent," he said. "I'm going in, too."
And he went ahead of me, opening the door and holding it for me. I didn't quite understand what that meant, but I nodded in thanks and came in.
#
The courtroom was small, with the tribunal seated at the jury seats. I came in, following the clerk, and was asked to swear. I complied, reciting an affirmation to say the truth. They didn't even try to bring me a holy book or anything. Everybody knows dark magicals don't have a god.
"OK now," the second juror said. "We can finally begin now. Miss Bedwen, please tell us what happened on the day in question."
And I told them the full story, sticking to the truth as much as I could. How I had encountered Captain Greggs, wounded; how the phone line was cut, and I had to go to another place to call; how I called the emergency services. That's when things got murky. 
My fake Initiation's supposed date was a week before the event. The first few weeks after Initiation are delicate ones for a mage; they can easily lose control of their magic, and consequences for others can be tragic. So I shouldn't have been outside if I was unstable.
"I didn't have any problems with control," I explained, "until that moment. I was stable, with no issues. But when I felt like my life was in danger, I felt my magic swirling. I tried to direct it towards a more harmless path, but the most I could do was to limit the fire to the lab."
The second juror nodded and asked a question to grandpa.
"Why did you decide your apprentice was stable? She clearly was not."
"I believed she was," grandpa said. "But the emotional shock of seeing a man dead must have affected her control. She still managed not to harm any people, which is the important thing."
"You determined your apprentice was stable, right after her Initiation," the juror said. "Are you aware that it is quite irregular?"
Grandpa nodded. 
"Miss Bedwen is an adult, and her magical level was the lowest one. Her emotional stability and weak magic convinced me she wouldn't be a danger to herself or others. The death of her colleague is an extraordinary circumstance that couldn't have been foreseen."
"Level one, you say?" the juror asked. "Then how did she do so much damage?"
"Most of the things she burnt were cabinets with paper," grandpa said. "And paper burns easily. Not much else got burned."
"It's a miracle it didn't spread," the juror said. "Considering the lab was full of magical material. It could have been much more dangerous."
"We keep flammable material in a fireproof cabinet," I clarified, "and magical fire doesn't spread. It's not an alchemical reaction; it's a magical one."
"Don't speak out of turn, Miss Bedwen," the first juror pounced. "Only talk when we ask you."
"We' d like to verify that Miss Bedwen is a level one magician," a third juror suddenly said.
"Of course," grandpa said, granting permission.
Then the juror scanned me, without asking me for permission. It felt like I was a child or something. Which I was, to them; as an apprentice, I was a child in magic, not responsible for myself. 
"I can see she has a low level of magic," he said, "and weakly formed channels." 
The look the tribunal gave me, pity and contempt, made me feel insignificant. Which was insulting, frankly, considering I'm a very good alchemist.
"Why did you accept such a weak student, Master Bedwen?" asked the first juror. "Especially a dark one."
"That is not relevant. I had personal reasons," grandpa said, firmly, looking at the juror. I could see they knew each other from before. Was he the juror grandpa had dirt on?
"Personal reasons," the juror then said, giving me a very suggestive look. I guess he heard the rumors that grandpa was my lover. It seems like they'll never be stomped out completely.
"As Master Bedwen said, his reasons are irrelevant," the second juror said then. "But his teaching methods are. So did you teach her proper self-control, Professor?" he asked, without even looking at me. Why did they call me in, if they were going to ask questions to grandpa instead of me?
In the end, all of grandpa's careful preparations were in vain. They didn't ask me many questions, focusing on grandpa instead. To them, I was a non-entity.
The jury finally finished their questioning, and then it was time for the public objections.
"Does the public wish to question the accused?" the first juror asked.
Lieutenant Craen stood up.
"I'd like to ask some questions," he said.
"Go ahead, then," the first juror said. "But remember, you have to stick to questions related to magic."
Lieutenant Craen nodded and turned towards me.
"Miss Bedwen," he said. "Do you know how to scan your surroundings?"
"No," I replied, puzzled. 
"Do you know how to detect dangerous artifacts around you?"
"No."
What was he doing? I looked at the members of the tribunal. They didn't seem to understand what he was asking, either. Lieutenant Craen continued, asking me a barrage of questions whether I knew this or that, and asking me to explain magical concepts. I stammered, feeling like the unprepared student I never had been before. By the end of it, I was exhausted. I looked around. Grandpa looked defeated. The jury looked thoughtful.
"I think this questioning has shown the honorable members of the magical tribunal," Lieutenant Craen said. "That Miss Bedwen's magical training is clearly insufficient. She doesn't know the basics, she ignores the most basic concepts of magical safety, and her master is unprepared to train a dark mage."
"So what do you suggest? That we remove Master Bedwen?" the first juror asked.
"Oh, nothing this radical," the Lieutenant replied. "I'm sure Master Bedwen has good intentions. And nobody was harmed, after all. No, I suggest you assign her a second Master. A dark one, who can train her better."
The tribunal murmured. The jurors started whispering to each other.
"That is unprecedented!" grandpa protested. "The master-apprentice bond is unique and unbreakable. You can't assign another master to my student."
"Having an apprentice of different polarity is also unprecedented," Lieutenant Craen said. "Yet here we are."
"And who are you suggesting?" grandpa asked. "Yourself?"
"Of course," Lieutenant Craen said. "I can see Miss Bedwen greatly needs training. I don't have an apprentice, and I need to train an apprentice to confirm my mastery."
"So you're a magister of magic?" grandpa asked. 
"Yes," Lieutenant Craen replied. Although what Lieutenant? No magister of magic would be a mere Lieutenant in the gendarmerie. Whoever he was, Mister Craen was no mere Lieutenant. "And I have the documents to prove it." And with those words, he crossed the space in front of the jury and handed them a folder.
So this is what Mister Craen had been planning. He hadn't been able to pin a murder on me, and so he became my master. But... considering he'd have to take responsibility for me, why was he trying to get closer to me in such a strange way?
The first juror looked up after examining the documents.
"Given the unprecedented situation," he said, "we will ask you to leave. We'll call you back when we decide."
And then we were escorted out by a clerk.
#
As we were waiting outside, grandpa was pacing outside, seething. It was the first time I'd seen grandpa this angry. I was sitting on the bench, dumbfounded. I had never been interested in how magical society worked; I always thought of myself as more of an alchemist. My dark arall nature was something to be managed, not something I was interested in. It made me ambitious and status-conscious, without providing much help in achieving status or money. So I always learned the minimum I could, staying away from the magical world's power struggles. I had enough with the intrigues in alchemy. Gaining status and getting respect in alchemy was hard enough, why try to do it in magic, also?
But even I knew that you couldn't have two masters. It would be an untenable situation. Who would you have to obey if they gave you contradictory orders? How would it work in practice?
"What are you trying to achieve?" grandpa asked Craen. 
"I'm trying to get an apprentice," Craen said. "After meeting Miss Bedwen in these unfortunate circumstances, I realized that she needed mentorship. So I decided to help her..."
I harrumphed. Craen looked at me and sat next to me again.
"Do you have anything to say, Miss Bedwen?" he asked, looking me in the eyes. I could feel his magic squishing me.
"Yes," I said. "I already had a master when you met me, Lieutenant. I don't need another one."
"But you do," Craen answered. "You're dark. You need to be trained by a dark master."
"So you volunteered," I said, sarcastically, "out of the goodness of your heart." That was bordering on an insult.
He shrugged, not taking the bait.
"Somebody had to," he said. "Because you, Miss Bedwen, are a terrible mage. And you could be a dangerous one if left untrained."
"Dangerous? Me? With my level of magic?" I asked.
"You seem to be quite capable of destroying things with your level of magic," he observed. 
"And that is none of your concern," said grandpa. "Master Craen. Whoever you are."
"It is my concern if I make it so," Craen said. 
"You won't get anything out of an apprentice like me," I told him. "Since I'll always remain loyal to Master Bedwen. He is the master I chose, and the master I'll obey if there's ever a contradiction."
"I'll always make sure to never contradict Master Bedwen, then," Craen replied.
"You think they'll give you that?" grandpa said. "This unprecedented demand. To a stranger, whom they don't know." 
Grandpa was thinking of the dirt he had on several of the jurors. I had been trying to guess who that was this entire time, but I was as confused as ever. Was it number one? Number two?
"You are not the only one who knows them," Craen said. "The Intelligence Corps is also deeply familiar with the gentlemen in the jury."
So he had dirt on them, too. And government backing. I looked at grandpa's eyes. We were screwed.













Chapter 15

When they called us back in, I entered and sat next to grandpa. He patted my hand, trying to comfort me.
"This is a highly unusual situation," the first juror said, "so we made a highly unusual decision. Miss Bedwen, Master Bedwen, stand up."
We did, while Craen remained seated.
"It seems like, because of this experiment," the juror said, saying experiment with so much disgust you'd think it was incest or something. "Miss Bedwen went to the outside world unprepared and almost caused a dire situation. However, she showed enough control to not endanger any person. Master Bedwen allowed Miss Bedwen to go out in the world after her Initiation unprepared. However, he has since trained her in self-control, and has taken responsibility for the destruction she caused. Thus, we can't impose the harsh punishment of blocking their magic," he paused, looking at us. I could see there was an exchange between him and grandpa, this is as far as I'll go for you. 
"However, mistakes were still made, and Miss Bedwen is still not prepared. Her master, Master Bedwen, cannot train her adequately. Master Craen has volunteered to fill in the gaps in Miss Bedwen's education, so he will now become her Master."
"You can't do that," grandpa said. "The traditional Master-apprentice relationship is unbreakable."
"That is true," the juror replied. "Which is why Master Craen will be her secondary master, responsible only for filling the gaps in her education. The primary responsibilities and duties of a master will continue to fall on Master Bedwen," this time, the juror looked at Craen.
It seemed like this wasn't the arrangement in Craen's mind, either, but he nodded.
"To ensure Miss Bedwen follows the guidance of both of her masters," the juror then said, "both of them will have to approve before she gets a mages' license. That is all. Everybody dismissed."
The speed with which the tribunal scurried was incredible. It seemed like they didn't want to face either grandpa or Craen, who were both unhappy with their decision and had something to tell them. Grandpa and I were left in the room, dumbfounded by the decision, with Craen on the other side of the room.
"What do we do now, Master Bedwen?" I asked grandpa, glancing at Craen.
"First," grandpa said, "we have to meet your new master. I think he didn't introduce himself properly last time."
Craen was observing us, with a smirk on his face, as we approached him.
"It seems like we'll be seeing a lot of each other now," grandpa said. "And we haven't heard your full name yet. Nor your real occupation."
"It's Mervin. Major Mervin Craen, Intelligence Corps. Magister in Applied magic," my new master introduced himself.
"You already know me, and my apprentice, Miss Dana Bedwen. We must discuss the arrangements for this situation."
"Of course," Major Craen said.
"But we should do it in private," grandpa said. "You should come to my home office. We can have sufficient privacy there."
"We could go to my office, too," Major Craen said. As always, trying to engage in his territory.
"That wouldn't be appropriate," grandpa said, "as this situation does not pertain to your work. This is private business. Now, if you come with me."
And with those words, he went towards the door, towards the exit. I quickly followed him. When we arrived at the exit, he turned towards me.
"As for you, Miss Bedwen," grandpa said. "You should go back to class. I believe your classes are still on?"
"But..." I said. "I want to discuss this, too."
"Miss Bedwen," grandpa said, frostily. "You're an apprentice. As such, you should defer to the opinion of your betters."
I wanted to kick him in the shins and scream. How could he leave me out of important decisions? It was my life on the line, not his. But I had given him this power. I had made him my master and the head of my family. This was the consequence of that decision.
"As long as my betters remain so," I said, coldly looking at grandpa, telling him, You'll regret this, I'll make you regret this, "I'll defer to it."
Since I didn't want to see Major Craen's smug face, I hailed the first cab I saw, and quickly rode to the university.
I would go to class. And as for grandpa... Well, I wouldn't go see him, for at least a week.
#
As the two men observed their now common apprentice leave, huffing and puffing, Major Craen turned towards Professor Bedwen.
"What an obedient apprentice you have here," he said. 
"Oh, she'll make me pay later," Professor Bedwen replied. "And don't expect she'll listen to you like that. You'll have to earn it."
He hailed a cab and gave the cabbie his home address. 
"Shall we?" he invited the other man.
Major Craen nodded and boarded the cab. The two men said nothing during the entire trip, staring at each other intently.
In the house, the housekeeper looked at the dark mage with surprise, and offered to bring sandwiches. They went to the office, where the professor activated the privacy artifact.
"Nice setup," observed Major Bedwen. "Although I've heard you're moving."
"Of course you've heard it," said the older man, amused. "Have you also heard Miss Bedwen will also move in with me?"
"Will she? Well, that is wise. It's a very traditional arrangement, but living in the same house makes teaching easier," Major Craen said.
"It does. It also allows for more safety measures."
"Your new house has excellent training facilities. I'll be able to safely train Miss Bedwen in most of the things she'll need to learn there. If you grant me access, that is."
"I can't deny you access, apparently. If Miss Bedwen is to receive proper magical training, she'll need access to her second master, too. But I need to know you're serious about this," there were protective notes in Professor Bedwen's voice now. "Because the apprenticeship will last three years, and if your interest in Miss Bedwen will be gone as soon as you're done with whatever plans you had for her, her education will be affected. So I need to know, will you stay after you're done?" 
"I'm a man of my word, Professor. If I take the responsibility to educate a youngster, I will do it, and I'll do my best. And I'm not trying to get something from Miss Bedwen. She's a mage with great potential; that's why I want to teach her."
"Her magical level is not very high. Miss Bedwen is a very promising alchemist, but her magical skills are not that great," Professor Bedwen said, raising his eyebrows skeptically at the last sentence. "I have no doubt she'll achieve exceptional things in combining alchemy with magic, but magically, she is rather mediocre."
"You can fool the tribunal," Major Craen said, staring the other man into the eyes, "but you can't fool me. Miss Bedwen is not mediocre in magic. The lab she destroyed was magically protected; there was even a safe there, which was destroyed, leaving nothing. A weak magician would not have been able to do that, even with all her magic. You must have drained her during training."
The Professor didn't so much as blink, not acknowledging what the other man said.
"Why didn't you share it with the tribunal, then? You could have had Miss Bedwen blocked. You thought Miss Bedwen deserves whatever punishment she'd get."
"I did," the Major said, "when I still thought Miss Bedwen was involved with Captain Greggs' death. But now that I know she isn't, I can't let a bunch of old light farts destroy a promising mages' future."
"Oh, don't come to me with solidarity blabber. You've got some other reason, and I need to know what it is."
"You don't," the Major gave up his attempt to convince the Professor on the scenario he had prepared in advance and decided an open confrontation was better. This man was sharp, and it wouldn't be possible to lie to him. That is, not lie to him convincingly. So he lied, in this I know you know I'm not saying the truth, and I don't care, manner. "I have reasons to believe Miss Bedwen may become the greatest mage of her generation. Being the Master of such an advantaged mage is of great use to my reputation."
"I see," Professor Bedwen raised his eyebrows, accepting the double meaning. "So if you thought Miss Bedwen has a much higher level of magic, why didn't you try to show our supposed manipulation?"
"Because I wouldn't be able to prove it anyway," the Captain said, "since magic levels can be truly unstable during the first year. It's hard to establish Miss Bedwen's actual strength, without a full-body scan. But that's not the reason Miss Bedwen has a chance of greatness."
"Isn't it?" Professor Bedwen asked. He wasn't understanding what his now-colleague was referring to. Dana was his granddaughter, but he could see she wasn't exceptional in her magical talents. She wasn't very strong, nor did she seem to have any interest in developing her skills. She was an alchemist, and she always treated magic with a lack of interest that he usually found quite unsettling. It was just wrong how lowly this girl thought of magic.
"You don't know, do you?" the Major asked. "That's good. It would be terrible if state secrets leaked just like this. I'll tell you what I've been authorized to tell, since it wouldn't be possible to conduct any experiments without your knowledge or approval."
"Experiments? I certainly won't allow any experiment to be conducted on my apprentice," Professor Bedwen replied. 
"It's not as sinister as it sounds," Major Craen replied. "It's just that Miss Bedwen is the first person on record who has gone through an uncontrolled Initiation successfully."
"That's not true," Professor Bedwen said. "Miss Bedwen went through a proper Initiation. As you can see from the documents," he was going to continue when he got interrupted.
"Oh, those documents were fabricated very realistically," the Major said. "Miss Bedwen has a very talented young man as a boyfriend. For a policeman, he's suspiciously good at faking paper trails."
"If Detective Taylor told you anything, you have to take everything he says with a grain of salt," Professor Bedwen replied. "He was angry at Miss Bedwen."
"Over what?" asked the Major. 
"Over a lover's spat," Professor Bedwen replied. "Detective Taylor didn't take it very well, and he was disappointed at Miss Bedwen, escaping like that."
 "Oh, Detective Taylor told us nothing," the Major said, smiling now. "He refused to tell us anything. But it's not like we need to take you to criminal court. We know you falsified Miss Bedwen's Initiation records, and that she had a spontaneous one."
"How long have you known?" Professor Bedwen asked, his eyes full of suspicion now.
"Since the paper trail for the Initiation appeared. It looks legit, but we knew it didn't exist when Miss Bedwen used her magic because we checked."
"Maybe the clerk made an error, and it got lost somewhere," Professor Bedwen explained.
"Of course that's what you'd say. And, since I'm not trying to prosecute Miss Bedwen, I will not push it further."
Professor Bedwen looked like he had been hit by the idea.
"That's why you were pushing so hard, right? You accused her of killing the Captain, when you knew she didn't, to get her to confess on the illegitimate use of magic. And once you had her under your control, you could get her to sign up for any experiments. But then that didn't fly, and you realized there was another way to have a magical apprentice under your complete control. Become her master."
"I wouldn't pursue a false lead just to corner your student, Professor," the Major said. "We could have her on illegal Initiation from the beginning."
"But you couldn't, couldn't you? Because the Bureau of Magic is such a mess, nobody can prove anything. They've got a millennium of practice, after all. Nobody can get answers from the Bureau if the Bureau doesn't want to give them. And, when Detective Taylor helped us to submit the paperwork for Dana's Initiation, he made sure all the i’s were dotted and the t’s crossed."
"And all the palms greased," the Major murmured under his breath.
"You were saying something?" the Professor asked, happy to have the upper hand. "Are you accusing a police officer of bribing a member of the Bureau?"
"Of course not," the Major replied.
"I see what your plan is now," the Professor said. "And let me tell you, Major. I won't let you experiment on my apprentice. She's my responsibility, and I'll make sure she gets the proper education she needs."
"But we haven't finished our conversation," the Major said.
"Leave. Now," the Professor said, putting his hand on an artifact on his table. "Please."
The Major quivered. A powerful, experienced light mage, who had somehow gotten away scot-free from legal prosecution, could destroy his mind in a matter of minutes. Sure, he could fight him back, but, being on the enemy's territory, a win was far from guaranteed. So he gave ground, not in fear, but in respect.
"We're not finished, Professor," he said. "I'll be back, and we'll finish this conversation."
"Of course," the Professor replied. He then unblocked the room, unlocking the door and removing the soundproofing. The housekeeper came in with a tray of sandwiches. "How forgetful of me," the Professor noted. "I invited you to eat. Would you like to grab a sandwich to go?"
"No, thank you," the Major replied. "I'll be going now."
"Great. Bettie, please help my guest to the door," the Professor said.
And the Major left, leaving a less calm, and more worried grandfather in the office. He locked the door after his guest and slumped into his chair. How was he going to help Dana now?














Chapter 16

Grandpa ordered me to go to class. Ordered me. He thinks he can just push me around, now that he's my grandpa and my master? Ha! Let's see how he orders me if I avoid him. Even a direct order, I could always misinterpret. He would now see the limits of my stupidity.
Apprentices are supposed to obey their masters. And masters have a lot of power over their future. Heads of family also command respect and obedience in Caerland; grandpa was both. But he forgot that some of the powers and responsibilities he had nullified each other. And he can't do to me what he could do to an ordinary apprentice. Let's see what he tries to do. He said he's my better, right? Let him prove it!
Resolved in my decision to teach my master a lesson, I went to class. Blind obedience can also be a weapon against a stupid order.
In class, for the rest of the day, my classmates gave me a wide berth. I noticed the curious stares (I had disappeared for half the day again, after all), but I steadfastly ignored all of them. I wasn't in the mood for it. For any of it. Especially now that grandpa was ordering me -- me! To stay away from decisions critical to my life. Life-altering decisions. I was getting a second master, somebody I could not manipulate with family affection, somebody who could use his power over me unwisely... And grandpa was excluding me from this. 
I wonder what they're discussing. By the looks of it, grandpa wasn't too happy about his co-master (is that even a word?), either. But, whether or not he was happy, this was a decision affecting my life, dammit. It wasn't his life that was on the balance; he'd already lived his, and, judging by what I've seen, flushed it down the toilet. He was rich, sure; but, as I see it, money is but a tool. A tool that should be used to protect yourself and your family; if you can't use it properly, it's as useless.
Dark arall value strength above all else. But strength and status come from your ability to use them, to leverage them for yourself. Somebody strong who lets others take advantage of him will always be seen with contempt and pity. I couldn't and didn't respect grandpa. He had avenged his family, I grant him that, and he was useful. But for him to serve our family, we needed an understanding. 
He couldn't order me, not without consulting me.
When all my classes were done, I went to Jack's home to ask him for some advice. He was good at understanding people; I think he understood grandpa better than I did. He could tell me something useful.
#
"So, what should I do now?" I asked Jack, as we were drinking the beer I bought on the way home, after eating the gammon with potatoes I'd baked in the cast iron cooking pot over his stove.
He'd listened to my entire story, as I raged and gesticulated while eating dinner. Now, I was feeling calmer, and I was leaning on his shoulder.
He took a sip and stood up, turning to look into my face.
"Are you feeling better now?" he asked, looking at me intently.
"A little. Why?" I asked with suspicion.
"Because you will not like what I have to say," he replied.
I slumped in the chair, bracing myself. If Jack said I would not like it, it was going to be something really harsh. He never pulled his punches, and the gentle way he tried to approach it, in contrast with his usual bluntness, meant he would say something I wouldn't like.
"I think you should go talk to your grandpa and listen to what he has to say."
Like something reasonable I didn't want to hear.
"What? Have you heard what I've told you? He ordered me -- ordered me! To stay away while he was discussing my life. Just because he's my master, he doesn't get to..."
"I've heard you," Jack replied. "But you forget trust should go both ways. You don't seem to trust him, but why should he trust you? You have so far only created problems, while other people have solved them for you. He has good reason to think he shouldn't let you take part in the discussion and handle everything on his own. You need to show him he's wrong, by being more mature than your instincts tell you to. Go to him. Talk, explain your views, and listen. Listen to his explanation, and then, if you still think he's unreasonable, you do whatever you want to punish him."
"But... But..." I stammered, trying to verbalize my opinion. Jack wasn't wrong, per se, but I didn't agree with him, either. "He shouldn't do this. He may be my master, but..."
"He's responsible for you," Jack said. "And he lost a daughter and a son before; he doesn't want to lose a granddaughter, now. Even by her impulsiveness. He'll try to manage your life, and he will order you around, for what he sees as your own good. Don't fight him; show him how open communication is a much more effective strategy with you. Be reasonable when he gives you good arguments. Don't let your pride take over."
Jack was saying reasonable things. The way his calm, steady voice went through my head, his hand massaging my neck, reminded me of how I had calmed grandpa when he was out of control.
"You're doing it now," I accused Jack. "You're using your training on me," I said, pulling away. "You promised me you wouldn't do it again."
Jack looked at his hand, at me, and sighed.
"I'm sorry, Dana. But you were so anxious, so full of energy, that I felt like I had to calm you down. And that's when my training kicked in. It's not something I can always control; it's quite a formed habit. You just need to remind me when you find it unpleasant."
"That's the issue," I said. "It's pleasant. But I don't like being like a small kitten, having my feelings dictated by my baser instincts. And you calming me this way is pleasant. So much so, I don't always realize it when you're doing it."
"Should I continue, then?" Jack asked." Now that you realize what I'm doing."
I thought about it. Jack using his training on me and catching me unaware was bad; him doing it with my permission? It felt good to be massaged.
"Sure," I said, going back to his embrace. "But don't talk."
As long as he said nothing, I could avoid him influencing me while I was softened up. And it felt good to let my mind relax into that thoughtless, mindless state of bliss his hands put me in.
#
It took me a couple of days, with Jack massaging me every evening before I was ready to confront grandpa. When I was, I went before dinnertime, but after work hours.
Bettie let me in, like she always did, without comments. I could see the house was almost bare, with most of the furniture gone. Right. Grandpa was going to move, right? To this new house. With me. And, despite my promise to mother, I had completely forgotten about it.
"So, when are you moving to the new house?" I asked Bettie, as I was going towards grandpa's office.
"When you bring your things there," Bettie replied. "Billie is already there."
I nodded, absorbing the new information, and knocked on grandpa's door, entering.
"Hello, Gramps," I saluted him, sitting in the chair in front of him. "We need to talk."
Grandpa, who had looked up from the documents he was reading when I came in, stared at me, with a slightly puzzled look.
"Dana!" he said, with surprise in his face. "I didn't expect you to come! I thought you'd be avoiding me, angry at me for..."
"Ignoring me? Ordering me around?" I interrupted him. "That would be what you'd deserve, I guess, but I should be the more mature one."
And being the mature one wasn't going well. Oh well, at least I'm trying.
"I'm glad you're making the effort," grandpa said with a calculating look. "Did Detective Taylor put you up to this? My opinion of him is rising every day. Such a thoughtful man."
"I have my brain, too, you know," I told him. Why did people assume that every good idea I had was due to the men in my life? I may be impulsive, but I have my moments, too.
"Sure you do," grandpa said. "But I've learned a few things about your beau in the last few days that cast him in a different light."
"You did?" I asked. It would make sense for grandpa to run a background check on Jack. Jack wasn't the only one with the capabilities. And I considered anything they found on each other fair game. They knew everything about me by now.
"Yes," he said, leaning in and crossing his fingers. "Detective Taylor seems to have a lot of acquaintances in the Bureau of Magic; he did a very thorough job in covering up your Initiation. When I looked it up, I couldn't find anything incriminating, either, despite knowing the truth."
"So?" I asked, relieved. Knowing that my illegal Initiation would not hang over my head for the rest of my life was quite liberating. Jack's talents were crucial in this. 
"Well, it's interesting that a cop has bureaucratic skills this good. But that's a conversation for another day. I suppose you want to know why I asked you to leave."
"Yes," I replied. "I don't want to be excluded from decisions about my life. And you should not try to do it, either. Remember: that's how you lost mother."
"I remember all my mistakes," grandpa said. "And I will not try to dictate your entire life. It didn't work then, it won't work now."
"But you still went to talk with Major Craen alone," I countered.
"Yes. Because I had to size him up. It would have been much harder to do it in your presence. He wouldn't forgive me threats in your presence. That's not something a dark mage forgets."
I nodded, accepting the explanation. Dark mages don't handle anything that threatens their power over those directly under their command well. While you could get away with standing your ground, if you did it in front of somebody's inferiors, they would never forget it. And, as my master, he wouldn't want me to see him fail.
"So, is this how you will handle all disagreements with him?" I asked.
"That's the only way to handle disagreements with him while not making an enemy out of him," grandpa explained. "That man has pride in spades, and he won't forgive anybody who questions him publicly."
"You still need to tell me what you learned," I said. 
Jack was right. Talking with grandpa, everything was a lot more reasonable than it seemed at first. I guess I am impulsive, quickly jumping to conclusions. I would have to work on that.
"And I will," grandpa said. "Tell you everything relevant to you."
And he told me, in all detail, everything he learned from his conversation with the Major, without mentioning any kind of detail as to how the conversation went. I guess that's how things will work from now. I need to learn spy spells.
"So, the government is interested in me, because I went through a spontaneous Initiation? And they want to see whether I get special talents?" I summed up grandpa's tale.
"That's what it seems like. So, for as long as you're useful to them, they'll try to keep you safe."
"So it's not about the secret project Captain Greggs was managing? It's not about what I learned?"
"I'm not sure. I couldn't ask the Major those questions; I'm not supposed to know, because you were supposed to keep everything secret. Maybe they're pursuing two objectives. Or more. With spies, you never really know; you can only guess."
"Right. And why this much interest in an unlicensed Initiation?" I asked.
"Well, I investigated the issue," grandpa said. "You know the Initiation ritual was created by the Inquisition?"
"I've heard that. They developed the ritual for dark arall after the one for lights. I guess it's one of those cases of universal magic."
"If it were universal," grandpa said, "it would be a shared ritual, wouldn't it?"
"I guess," I acknowledged. "But maybe they introduced some modifications for dark mages?"
"Precisely," grandpa said. "It's just legends, but there are dark skills which have disappeared, and are thought to have never existed. Prediction. Inspection. Necromancy."
"Necromancy?" I laughed. "That's absurd. It doesn't exist."
"Some think it doesn't exist because, for a millennium, the Inquisition has made sure that only mages without the talent have become mages."
"And I'm a necromancer?" I asked, curiously.
"Well, you could be. Who knows? Nobody even knows what a necromancer is supposed to do. All the materials have been destroyed. Or you could be a prophet. I don't think even they know. But your aura is unusual; I noticed that when I described it for the paperwork. I guess that sparked their interest."
"So what now?" I asked. "How do we get rid of him?"
"We don't," grandpa said. When I wanted to say something, he raised his palm, shushing me. "Because you might have some talent. I'll make sure he does nothing dangerous to you. And whatever skills you may have, it will be useful to learn them. Besides, he's right: I can't teach you dark magic. I can't teach you anything besides the basics of self-control. I was going to hire a dark mage to teach you, but a master whose reputation is at stake will always take it much more seriously than a hired teacher. So, learn what you can from him, and I'll make sure you don't get in trouble."
Why did grandpa have to be so reasonable, while saying the most ridiculous things?
"OK, Gramps," I said. "I'll listen to you this time. But I'll keep an eye on both of you. Don't think you can make me do weird things just because I don't know magic. I've already enrolled in the summer courses. I'll start learning magic once the semester is over."
"That's great," grandpa replied. "That will allow you to cut your extra year, right?"
"Yes," I replied. "If I study through the summer, and add to my coursework for next year, I can finish my degree on time. There aren't that many courses in the last year anyway, since it's the time dedicated to the thesis. But that won't be too hard. Alchemy is my forte, after all."
"Great," grandpa said. "But remember, just because you finish your degree on time, it doesn't mean you'll be free. You will still have two years of apprenticeship left."
"I take things as they come," I said, shrugging.
Bettie knocked on the door.
"Dinner's ready," she said. 
I looked at grandpa who stood up. 
"Let's go have dinner, then."













Chapter 17

"Your grandpa's right," Jack said when I came back home to complain about grandpa. "You need to learn dark magic from somebody, and you could as well use Major Craen, since he's volunteering."
"I kind of expected you to say it," I said, leaning on his shoulder.
"Then why did you tell me?" he asked.
"Because I wanted to see if we thought the same thing. I guess it is the most reasonable choice. I still don't like it."
"It's not like you can kick him out," Jack said. "He's been imposed by the magic tribunal, and if you disobey, they would block your magic."
"Why do you always have to be so reasonable? Sometimes I just want to, you know, wind down. Release my feelings."
"If you want to just release your feelings," Jack said, "You should restart training. You haven't been getting any exercise for weeks. As for now... How about we try other forms of relaxation?" he said, slipping his hands under my shirt.
I smiled, feeling better. I'm glad I'm not going through it alone.
#
After class, I went to see grandpa again. We hadn't discussed everything yet, but we had made peace with each other. Now was the time to discuss the nitty-gritty details of how we'd handle everything.
I knocked, but nobody answered. I tried pushing the door, and it opened. I came in, noticing the place had even less furniture than it had yesterday. I went towards grandpa's office since that was the place where he spent most of his time at home. He was there, packing his files into boxes.
"Hi, Gramps," I said, quickly assessing the situation. It seemed like I packed most things, and he was just organizing the files into the few leftover boxes. The drawers of his desk were out and emptied. The artifacts that littered his desk space, were visibly absent; I noticed a few of the boxes had notes "Dangerous: Magical Artifacts" on them. "Why are you packing yourself?"
"Because if I let anybody else do it, they'll create a colossal mess. And nobody else can handle my artifacts; they were custom made for me," grandpa said, putting the last folder into an already full box and tying it up with a thin string.
"You still haven't told me where your new house will be," I said. "And I'm supposed to be living there with you."
Grandpa, who left the box with the folders on top of the pile he had beside him, straightened up, looking outside.
"Right. I didn't," he acknowledged, turning to look at me. "That's because I knew you wouldn't like it too much."
"What could it be?" I asked. "It can't be a dump much worse than the dorms, and I lived there for the last three years."
"It's the Inquisition College."
"I was wrong. It can be much worse. Gramps, I don't believe in bad auras or anything, but that place hasn't been in use for fifty years. It has no light, plumbing, or any modern facilities. Besides, the roof is leaking, and the floors have rotten."
The Inquisition College was the oldest part of Ashford University. That's where it all started; that's where experiments on mages were performed, and that's where they were buried afterward, too. That place has more dead mages than most cities' cemeteries. And dead mages tend to leave a mark on their resting place, especially if they died an unpleasant death. Or at least that's what superstitious people believe, and most dark mages I've met are superstitious.
So, with the reputation of the building, the University hadn't been able to get a use out of it, since everybody refused to have classes there or live there. That's why it had fallen into a state of disrepair.
"Well, I'm glad you don't believe in bad auras," grandpa said. "Since everything else has been fixed. It's taken a couple of months, but it's finally fixed. Has plumbing and gas lighting and everything."
"A couple of months? When did you buy the house?" I asked.
"I bought it when I arrived at Ashford," grandpa said. "It's the right size, about the size of our family house. It was very cheap, too. But the permits and finding a crew to fix up the place took an eternity. That's why I was living in the house the university gave me."
I smirked. The repair crew must have cost him a fortune. People are so superstitious. 
"I'll check it out," I promised. "If it's comfortable enough, I'll move in."
"Oh, I'm sure you'll like the apartment I've assigned you," grandpa said.
"Apartment?" I asked with curiosity.
"Well, you'll be getting the upper floor of the West wing," grandpa said. "The one on top of the magic training hall I've set up."
"You set up a training hall?" I asked. Rooms for magic were expensive. The safety spells and artifacts had to be part of the walls, and all of it was custom magic, crafted for each place.
"I renovated the one they already had," grandpa said. "They trained dark mages there, after all."
"And did who knows what to them afterward," I said.
"Well, we don't know what they did, exactly," grandpa said.
I have a deep suspicion grandpa does know.
"But, since the basic architecture was correct, I just had to have the protections renovated. They were a bit antiquated, so it took a bit of time, but eventually the master did it. So we've got an individual training hall for you, undetectable to the gendarmerie. Where you can have all the privacy you want. If it turns out you have mysterious secret powers, that will be useful."
"Don't you need permission for that kind of thing?" I asked.
"Well, you need a ton of paperwork to create a new one," grandpa acknowledged. "Since the gendarmerie doesn't like places outside of its observation network. But that place is grandfathered in, and I could renovate it without telling anybody."
Being outside the control of the gendarmerie was a great point. As for the bad aura and superstition... I'm an alchemist, not a superstitious prole. 
"Alright," I said. "I'll move in. But I need to prepare to move into a house with ghosts."
I don't believe in ghosts, but if pretending to do so means I get to toy with grandpa...
#
I spent all the time after class roaming the parts of the city around the rubbish dumps. I was looking for a black cat, with no white hairs. Legend says that such animals can pacify ghosts. It's not like I believed that, but bringing a street cat to grandpa's new house was a small way to show my displeasure. My family never had cats, although cats are popular in Caerland; people think they clean bad auras. I never believed that, but I still looked for the perfect cat. I had a cage and an artifact for attracting animals I acquired for this very purpose.
After a couple of days, I found the perfect cat. It was a bit wild, and whenever I tried to approach it, it hissed. But that's what the artifact was for. I opened the cage and activated the artifact, putting it inside the cage.
I could see the cat was resisting the call, looking at me with a pang of fear and distrust. I felt a momentary bit of pity, but then hardened my mind. It's not like I would mistreat her or anything: I planned to give her a better life. And I'd observed her long enough to make sure she had no kittens. She would be happier in her new place.
So, when the cat, with a panicky look on its face, entered the cage, I closed and locked it after her. She started furiously meowing when I deactivated the artifact. I tossed some sausage inside and brought the cage home.
"Why did you bring a cat to my house?" Jack asked when I brought the caged cat home.
"Don't worry, it's just for tonight. I'm bringing it to our new home tomorrow," I said, putting a hand on his shoulder.
"Our new home?" Jack asked.
"Mine and hers," I said, nodding towards the cat. "We're moving to grandpa's new home tomorrow."
"Ah, so that's what you're doing," Jack said relaxing and sitting down to the sofa. "I wondered what you'd do. I knew you wouldn't leave him alone after he angered you. I just didn't think you'd bring a street cat to his home as revenge."
"It's not revenge," I replied, innocently. "It's just that it's the first time I'll be getting this much space. I could never have a cat, and now I finally get to have one. Besides, she'll love the ghost house."
"I thought cats don't like ghosts," Jack said. "Isn't it cruel to bring her there?"
"Black cats love ghosts," I replied. "They can make peace with them. They bring good luck to a magical home. I'm sure she will be happy in her new home."
"Why aren't you releasing her from the cage, if you think she'll be happy, then?" Jack asked.
"Because she doesn't understand her happiness yet," I replied, scratching the itch I had on my arm. The cat had scratched me when I put my arm too close to the cage.
"Right," Jack said, his skepticism clear. I could see he didn't approve of my harebrained scheme. Yes, I knew bringing a wild cat to grandpa's new house was not the best of ideas. But I still hoped it would pee on his carpet or something.
#
On Saturday, I presented myself at grandpa's house, with all my scant belongings (comprising two suitcases, plus a bunch of books tied in a rope) and knocked on the door.
"Are you sure about this?" Jack asked, as he lowered the cage to the floor.
"Of course," I replied, as Bettie came, with grandpa behind her.
"Hi, Gramps," I said. "I brought a protector to the house."
And then I opened the cage, letting the cat out, wearing thick leather gloves, so she couldn't scratch me. She didn't even try, though. She stepped out, at a leisurely pace, and sat before the entrance.
"I can see that," grandpa said, eyeing the cat. "Where did you even get this cat? Black cats are rare."
"In the garbage dump," I replied. "She was there, eating the leftovers. I could see she was starving, so she doesn't have an owner. So, I fed her and brought her here. She should clean this house of ghosts. And rats."
"She doesn't seem too keen to come in, though," grandpa observed, without commenting on the place where I got the cat. 
"Yes, I'll wait. She needs to come into the house first, say hello to the spirits before I do; she'll mediate on my behalf."
"Somehow, I doubt she'll do that," Jack said, from behind. I gave him a look that quieted his attempt at humor. 
The cat groomed herself. I could see she was a very clean cat, notwithstanding the dumpster diving.
"This could take all day," grandpa said.
"Well, if it takes all day, it takes all day," I replied, sitting on a suitcase and taking a book out of the pile. 
As I sat there, reading, grandpa lost his patience.
"Oh, for crying out loud, stop this circus! You," he pointed his finger at the cat, making a magical gesture. "Come into the house. You," pointing his finger at me, "bring your things inside."
The cat didn't look so trapped this time. It looked at grandpa, as if having a conversation with him, stood up, and entered the house, crossing the boundary. It immediately started to groom again.
"Now that the house has a protector," grandpa said, with irony in his voice, "and that the ghosts have been scared away, will you come in?"
"But that's cheating!" I said, as I watched the well-behaved cat (I know she's pretending, she was meowing like crazy through the night, and even scratched me this morning when I tried to give her a sausage). "What did you do to her? She looks like a lady now!"
Indeed, the cat was perfectly behaved. Not scratching the floor, not trying to play with the rug, or climb the curtains. She even let grandpa take her into his arms.
"I didn't force her or anything," grandpa said. "We just reached an understanding. She'll behave, and I'll let her live in my house. It was so thoughtful of you to bring a protector, Dana. A house like this needs one. I should have thought of that earlier."
I watched them leave, with the cat purring in his hands.
"It's supposed to be my cat," I said, acknowledging defeat to Jack, as he helped me bring my suitcases in. 
"You couldn't win against him with an animal," Jack said. "He may be a lawyer, but he's a magister of light magic. Of course he can make peace with a cat. You'll see, she'll be domesticated in a week."
I harrumphed and turned to Bettie, who had been observing everything with quiet amusement.
"Show me my room, please," I said. 
And followed her towards my apartment, which was in the Western part of the building. It was so big, it took us five minutes just to get there. I reconsidered. To bring any damage to the house, I'd need at least five cats. But, considering the way Grandpa handled the one cat, I'm sure he can handle five, too.














Chapter 18

"Well, you got a big apartment," Jack said, as he put my two suitcases in the middle of the room that looked like a living room. In the section assigned to me, there was space for a bedroom, a bathroom, a living room, and an office. It was huge.
My two suitcases looked even smaller in the huge living room. 
"I knew grandpa was rich, but now... Wow!" I exclaimed, checking out the furniture in the room. The living room, with its oak floor, and huge half fan arched windows, was brightly lit with the morning sun. A corner was occupied by a big, leather sofa, which made me think of cozy evenings snuggling under a blanket. The wall-to-wall bookcase was empty, and the few books I owned would only fill half a shelf. I felt poorer than ever here.
"The building itself probably wasn't that expensive," Jack countered.
"The house, maybe. But fixing it up, with all those double-glazed windows and the plumbing, must have cost a fortune. The bathroom even has hot water! The boiler works with gas and switches on with magic; it's the latest thing in Ecton. It's expensive. We don't have that in most places."
Even in Jack's place, showering hours were limited to the evening and the morning, when the super turned on the boiler manually. In the dorms, the hours were so limited you had to fight to even get five minutes to wash up. Most of us had non-regulation burners to heat water and wash up with jugs. But here...
"That's nice," Jack said, admiring the bathroom. We came in, as I was talking about the plumbing. The tiled floor shone under the sunlight, making white dots dance in my eyes. "And that bath looks big enough to fit both of us."
"We should test that tonight," I said. 
"You want me to stay tonight?" he asked, turning to face me and putting his hands on my hips.
"If you'd like to," I said. "Grandpa is old-fashioned, so I don't know if he'll agree, but he told me to stay in your house, so he should be fine with this. Although I never know with him; he can be so weird."
"I'd like to," Jack said, grabbing my hand. "So, how will we do this now?"
"You mean, our relationship now that I don't live with you?" I asked.
"Yes."
It had been so easy to stay with Jack, in that state of temporary bliss, without ever discussing the seriousness of our relationship. When the one-week deadline passed, I continued living with him, and he never said anything. We both knew I would move out, so it wasn't like we were living together. I was crashing in, and it was nice.
"Well, I guess we'll continue dating," I said. "I won't stay the night at your place anymore, now that I have a proper place; grandpa wouldn't approve. But you can come here sometimes. Maybe even bring some of your clothes. The cupboard in the bedroom will have plenty of space even after I put all my stuff in there, that's for sure."
"We haven't gone out on a date in a long time," Jack said, thoughtfully.
"What about last weekend?" I reminded him.
"We spent the entire weekend home," Jack said, "except for the visit to your grandpa. It was nice, but it wasn't a date."
"So, for you, it's only a date if we go out?" I asked. "That would mean my parents haven't dated in years. And they're fine, you know. Have been solidly married for twenty-five years."
"But we aren't married. We should go out somewhere, too."
I wasn't sure what Jack wanted. Things were good as they were, weren't they? And if it's not broken, don't fix it. 
"Well, if you have ideas, I'm game," I replied. "But for today, I'm going to unpack. After lunch, we can go for a walk or whatever."
Jack smiled like he always did whenever I conceded. Which I did a lot more frequently now than I did three years ago. Changes had to go both ways.
"OK then," he said, kissing my forehead. "I'll go talk to your grandpa now, man to man."
"Why?" I asked his back, as he left, towards the East wing where grandpa and Billie were. 
He didn't answer. I shrugged and started unpacking my meager belongings. In my dorm room, I had struggled to fit everything in the tiny dresser I had. Every time I took stuff out, the carefully stuffed clothes would go out. Organizing is much easier when you've got this much space. It was quite fun.
#
Dana's grandpa was sitting on a sofa, with the cat in his lap, murmuring things to her. They seemed to be deeply engrossed in a conversation. What a grown man would talk about with a cat was a mystery to Jack.
"Mister Bedwen?" he asked, standing in front of him.
The old man, who looked up, had noticed him when he came in. He could see it in the firm stare. 
"Ah, Detective. I see you want to discuss something. Sit, don't make an old man look up," the professor said, nodding towards the armchair in front of him.
Jack sat, gathering his thoughts, into the armchair. It was comfy, adapting to his body, making him feel like he was floating in the water. Too relaxing for this conversation; he'd have preferred a chair. But standing up and taking a chair would mean a loss of face, and he had to stay vigilant with this old man.
"Yes, Mister Bedwen," Jack said. "I came to discuss my intentions toward your granddaughter."
The old man, who had been petting the cat, leaned in surprise. The cat, who didn't like the change, meowed in protest and left the room with its tail up, showing her disdain.
"Are you?" the professor asked, with a look of vague amusements.
"Yes. I'd like to convince you of the seriousness of my intentions, and to get your official permission to court her."
"You didn't need my permission before," the old man said. "And Miss Bedwen is her own woman; she wouldn't listen to me even if I said no."
"It's because I'll need to frequent your home now," Jack explained. "Dana is not sure whether you'd be fine with me staying with her occasionally."
"Ah, so that's what this is. You want my official permission to cavort with my granddaughter in my own home. That's gutsy of you," the old man was enjoying making the conversation as uncomfortable as possible.
"I would marry her," Jack said. "But she wouldn't, and I don't want to make her uncomfortable by proposing too soon. But I'd like you to know that my intentions towards her are serious, and eventually, we will become family."
"If you don't break up before that," the old man observed.
"I don't think that will happen," Jack responded. 
"Have you told Dana about your intentions?" the old man asked. "Because she doesn't seem aware of it."
"She was the one who told me she wanted an official, traditional relationship," Jack replied. "And I agreed to that. I don't think she was thinking of marriage; she's way too busy to consider something like that, and will be for the next few years."
"Learning magic will make her much busier, that's for sure," the old man acknowledged. "Well, if you want my permission to stay here sometimes, you have it. But I don't want any sneaking around; if you stay the night, have breakfast with the rest of us."
Jack nodded, accepting the old man's condition.
"Now that we took care of that," the old man said, "there's another topic I'd like to discuss with you, concerning Dana."
"Another topic?" Jack said, alert in his armchair again. Seriously, that armchair would make you slip into slumber as soon as you stop paying attention.
"Dana probably told you about what happened at the tribunal, and what I told her about Major Craen."
"She did," Jack acknowledged.
"Well, I have to congratulate you, young man. I knew you were quite accomplished since most people don't make Detective before the age of thirty."
"It was a special promotion," Jack said, with a poker face.
"Indeed. A special promotion. Linked to classified cases investigating unlicensed magical artifacts," the old man said. "Stepping on the gendarmerie's toes, were you?"
Jack shrugged, without saying anything. The old man smiled.
"A case that must have made you deeply familiar with the inner workings of the Bureau of Magic. And make enough contacts there for the more informal favors you'd need to gain information." The old man talked, and Jack stayed silent, neither denying nor acknowledging the old man's accusations. "Which you used for my granddaughter. I must thank you for that, Detective."
"I didn't do it for you," Jack replied.
"I know," the old man said. "But I still appreciate it. That's why I approve of your relationship. Somebody in Dana's position is vulnerable. She has the potential to become a great mage, although she prefers to be an alchemist. The government has already shown an interest in her. You know that sometimes recruitment tactics used by our esteemed government are less than humane."
"Nobody forces anybody to enlist," Jack said. "These are not the times of the Inquisition."
"Indeed, they are not," the old man from an Inquisition family acknowledged. "But it is a fact of life that the government needs strong mages for law enforcement, and money doesn't always work when recruiting mages. They can be prickly and independent. So sometimes they will create situations in which the best alternative is to join whichever branch of government is offered."
"That... does happen," Jack acknowledged.
"Which is why I'm glad that, when you had the chance, you chose Dana before the government. They would have buried her, and you gave her a chance. I didn't much like you before; a cop is always a cop. But you've showed that you will bend a few rules for her, which I appreciate. I know you wouldn't do it for something genuinely wrong, but I don't believe Dana would do something bad. Claire raised her well."
"She is a very kind person," Jack admitted. "And vulnerable, too, although she'd never admit it. She does not behave like dark arall, although she tries to keep to their values. But her ideas of how magical society works are quite bizarre. Which makes sense, since she was raised by a non-magical woman from a light family and a foreigner who wouldn't know how dark Kalmari magical society works."
"Indeed," the old man said. "Claire raised her like one of ours, despite her rejection of all the family values. And my son-in-law is also a highly unusual man. But it's time to socialize her to magical society. Now that she will interact with Major Craen regularly, she needs to meet other dark mages. Ones that can be a good example."
"I won't help you with that," Jack said. "I promised Dana no more games, and I intend to keep my promise. She is always straightforward with me, and I need to be honest with her, too. You two can engage in your twisted family mind games without me," and with those words, he got out of the armchair. You couldn't stay too comfortable next to the old man, anyway.
#
I'm not sure what Jack discussed with Grandpa, but when he came back, he had grandpa's permission to stay. Conversation over lunch wasn't too active that day. Billie went on rants about trains, I told him interesting stories about them, and grandpa and Jack didn't say much.
After we stood up, Jack offered me his hand, which I grabbed.
"Have you decided where you'd like to go?" I asked. It's not like Ashford had that many options, entertainment-wise.
"We could go shopping, before the shops close. Now that you have space, fill it."
I didn't have much money left after all the travel I'd been doing. Without a job, my finances were in quite a dire state. But that wasn't a conversation I wanted to have in front of grandpa, so I smiled and followed him outside, putting on my leather jacket and fedora at the entrance. 
"It will have to be window shopping," I said. "Because I don't have any money."
"Really?" Jack asked.
"Yes," I replied, as we exited the door, and breathing the fresh outside air. There weren't any buildings around the ex-Inquisition College (should it be called Bedwen House now?); the surrounding park belonged to the College. Which I guess means they belong to grandpa, now?
"But your Grandpa's stinking rich," Jack said, pointing at the College. "He even bought a palace."
"A college," I corrected him. "And Grandpa's money is not my money. It wouldn't be right to use it for my personal needs."
"You've been eating his food, staying at his house, and imposing expenses on him, and you don't feel bad about it. But when you need a bit of money, you can't ask him?" Jack asked.
It's like he didn't understand who I am at all.
"Leeching off him and getting free food is one thing," I replied. "Asking him for money is another one."
Jack nodded, amused. 
"So you're a principled woman, now. If you would not take his money, why did you get close to him? You told me it was for the money. None of that sentimental stuff."
"Well..." Jack had me. I told him I approached grandpa out of a desire to get his money. None of that filial duty or love stuff. But when it came to asking grandpa for money, I just couldn't. It wasn't right. "I will use his money to pay for Sam's education. Sam needs a good school; maybe even a boarding school. There aren't decent schools in Caerland for light mages. Now I don't need to save for that."
"So, you wanted his money so you could use it for your brothers' education? You know he's eager to do that, right? You don't need to butter him up or anything for that," Jack was teasing me, trying to get me to admit that greed wasn't the main factor for me.
"Well, now he is," I replied. "But he wasn't before. I had to make him believe me; I'm sure many scammers told him they're his long-lost family before. Single lonely men get that all the time."
"So what are you going to do, then?" Jack asked.
"What I was going to do when this whole mess started, of course," I replied. "Get a job."














Chapter 19

Waking up in a new place is weird. Especially when the new place is a ginormous bedroom with a huge bed. It was still early; the few rays of sunshine visible below the thick black curtains were still colored in an orangish pink. I opened my eyes, still used to the dark, like a mole. I could see the faint edge of the bed in front of me, and I could feel Jack's breathing behind me. He was still asleep. Despite having a gigantic bed, we somehow ended up occupying only half of it. His arm was surrounding me, his hand still cupping my breast. I laid like that for a while, getting fully awake before I carefully disentangled myself out of his embrace and went towards the bathroom.
I had tested the hot water boiler the night before; it took a couple of minutes to get hot water running. So I opened the hot water tap, opening some of the curtains in the bathroom. I peeked out of the window. Nobody was outside, and nobody could see me. So I undressed, folding my camisole on the cabinet with the bathing salts.
I took a quick shower. I reserve baths for the evenings and more leisurely cases. Mornings are for work.
I had left a pile of clothes for today prepared, since I didn't want to wake up Jack. He was not an early bird like me.
I then quickly tiptoed through the bedroom, quietly closing the door behind me. Once I was in the living room, I put on the soft moccasins I usually used for training or for staying inside. They were comfy and warm, but their thin sole did not protect my feet against the harsh pebble-stones in Ashford roads.
I went down the stairs, and saw grandpa there, sitting on a bench in the corridor.
"Gramps? What are you doing here? Is it something urgent?" I asked.
"Don't worry. I just thought you should start training before breakfast. It will be an hour before everybody's dressed, and we could get good use of the time."
"I see you're an early riser, too," I observed, entering the training room. I hadn't intended to train so early, but I was feeling good and energized. What better time than now?
#
The meditation was as boring as always. I spent the time before breakfast breathing, concentrating my magic, this time, without pumping it out. I had gotten so used to it during the previous week, keeping it inside was harder.
"Why do I need to do this, anyway?" I asked grandpa, after throwing away another fireball I had created by accident.
"Because you need to be in full control of your magic. Concentrating it in the channels is the first step."
"You mean your magic is always concentrated?" I asked him.
"Yes. Once you spend enough time doing it, it becomes as easy as breathing, and very fast. But you need to practice more. You're already quite old to start learning magic. So there's a lot to catch up on," grandpa then said.
We continued, with me practicing, and grandpa sitting on the chair he brought in, reading a book while checking me occasionally. I was almost getting the hang of it, letting the energy flow through my body without escaping, when the door burst in, and I ended with a fireball in my hands.
Grandpa stood up, the book on the chair, his palms facing towards the exit. That's when we recognized the intruder. It was Major Craen.
"I'm so sorry, Master Bedwen," Bettie said, entering after him. "I tried to stop him, but he wouldn't listen to me."
"That's OK, Bettie," grandpa said. "I'll deal with him."
The Major noticed the fireball in my hands. I threw it towards him. It's not that I expected to hurt an experienced battle mage with a barely formed ball of energy; but I had to get rid of it, and he was a suitable target. He stopped it with a flicker of his hands, observing it for a second before dissipating it.
"Not too bad, Miss Bedwen," he said. "At least you're strong."
"What are you doing here?" grandpa asked. "This is a private residence. You can't just come in without a warrant."
"You're giving classes to my apprentice," Major Craen said. "I'm here as her master, to observe."
"She is already under my observation," grandpa said.
"Well, you can continue," the Major said.
I looked at grandpa, who nodded. So I closed my eyes and continued the exercise. 
"I see you're making her practice control," the Major told grandpa.
"Indeed," grandpa said. "Miss Bedwen needs to learn to control her magic first before she uses it."
"Typical light arall approach," the Major said. "We don't do it like this. As long as you're not burning things up, we move to practice magic. Control is learned while doing stuff."
Practicing magic sounds more fun than sitting in a room with my eyes closed. I'm not too surprised that, despite the identical nature of the basics, the approach differed. Light arall focus a lot more on empathy and delicate control. When you play mind games, it's very easy to burn somebody's mind forever. When you used fire and are trying to change the temperature of an entire room, however, precise control is much less important; strength and solid performance is.
"Well, you can teach her that after breakfast," grandpa said. "Have you eaten, Major?"
"Just had a cup of coffee," the Major replied.
"Would you like to join us for breakfast, then?" grandpa said, politely. 
That's a big mistake. One thing dark arall love, even when they're rich and powerful, is free food. They'll keep coming to any place that offers free food and complain about the stale bread and stinky sausages.
"Thank you, Master Bedwen," the Major said.
Great. Now he'll be coming, exactly for breakfast time, every day.
A bell rang.
"It seems it's breakfast time," grandpa said. "Dana, you can stop. Call your beau."
"Detective Taylor is also here?" the Major asked.
"Yes," I replied. "I invited him here," unlike some uninvited guests who burst in, was left unsaid.
"Well then," the Major said, with a condescending smile that made me want to punch him in his smug face. "Call the man. I should meet him now. I'll be seeing quite a lot of him, now."
I gave him a look that made it clear I wished to see him as little as possible and went towards the bedroom. Jack must have awoken. I hope he's washed up and dressed because he needs to be at his best when meeting Major Craen. Nothing less would do.
#
The two masters, one dark, one light, were left in the training hall. The Major walked around the room, admiring the magical artifacts.
"Wow," he said. "This hall is magnificent. I can see how it must have looked, back in the day. It must have cost you a fortune to fix it. But the Bedwens weren't the most illustrious Inquisition family for nothing."
"It needed more work," the light master acknowledged. "But my personal fortune was sufficient. I didn't get any of the Bedwen money. It was all confiscated during the Reformation."
"Of course," the Major said, with a hint of irony. "Like all the great families. Everybody lost their family fortune then. Illicit gains, and all that. But it's remarkable how quickly the Bedwen name resurfaced from the ashes."
The two men shared a look. One knew, the other was confident the knowledge couldn't be proven.
"Like a lot of great names," Master Bedwen said, "ours was earned by our ancestors for their magical talents and intelligence. It's only logical that I inherited those traits, even if the money wasn't."
"Of course," the Major smiled. "I will not discuss the origin of this hall's repair money anymore. But, since you've fixed it for training, it seems only logical that I should also use it with our common apprentice."
"She doesn't need a martinet," Master Bedwen said. "Miss Bedwen requires a more thoughtful approach. I can manage without you."
"Nonsense," the Major replied. "Miss Bedwen is not a delicate flower. She's a dark mage. She'll be trained like the rest of them; with discipline, and a lot of practice."
"Don't ask me then why your approach doesn't work," Master Bedwen said. "I know my apprentice. She won't respect a drill sergeant. But if you want to do that, go ahead. I can't stop you, anyway. Although we must split the time, so she gets an equal amount of hours."
"Of course," the Major said, taking a notebook out of the breast pocket of his jacket. "We'll have to work around Miss Bedwen's class schedule, which I wrote down. So, as you see here, on Mondays..."
#
Jack was awake and almost dressed when I entered the bedroom.
"What was that about?" he asked about the commotion downstairs.
"Nothing," I replied. "Just Major Craen bursting in."
"And what is he doing here this early?" Jack asked.
I shrugged. 
"I don't know. Maybe he wanted to wake us all as a power play? Anyway, make sure you look your best. We're going to have breakfast with him now."
Jack raised his eyebrows.
"Grandpa invited him," I said. "I think it was unwise, but it would have been rude not to. Which I think was what the Major was aiming for."
"Let's go then," Jack said, buttoning up his shirt. "Before they cause an even bigger commotion."
And we went downstairs but didn't find them there, so we headed towards the dining hall. 
The dining hall was huge, as it was originally made to feed big groups of students, not a single family. But at least that meant that we had enough space at the dining table for the five of us not to bump our elbows. I sat between Jack and Billie, while Grandpa and the Major stayed on the other side of the table.
Breakfast was the usual attempt by Bettie to feed me vegetables by hiding them among the bacon and eggs. I don't get fooled so easily. 
"Good morning, Master Craen," I said. "Allow me to introduce Detective Jack Taylor, my boyfriend. Master Bedwen must have also introduced you to Billie, his son. Billie, this is Master Craen, my new teacher."
"And what is he going to teach you?" Billie asked. 
"Magic," I replied.
"Cool! You know magic now! Can I watch?" Billie asked.
I looked at the Major.
"I don't see why not," he said. "As long as he stays outside the perimeter."
Jack, who'd been interrupted by Billie, extended his hand for a handshake. 
"How do you do," he said. "I think we'll be seeing each other."
The Major, who no doubt noticed the 'how do you do' instead of the more informal 'glad to meet you', smiled and also extended his hand.
"Glad to meet you finally, Detective," he said, with a faint threat in his voice. "I've heard a lot about your talents. Especially when it comes to the Bureau of Magic."
Jack smiled, and I could see that the handshake lasted a bit too long. They were probably trying to squeeze each others' hand. Men. Why can't they just punch each other and get over with it?
We sat back and ate. The Major eagerly dug in, ravished. Don't they feed him or something? I looked at grandpa. This was his fault, for being so polite. Now the Major will come every day.
"So, Major," I continued the conversation. "Will you move to Ashford?"
"Yes," the Major said, adding sugar to his tea. I love sweet things but the amount of sugar he was adding was staggering. It looks like it will be supersaturated tea. "Now that I have an apprentice here, I'll ask for a permanent assignment in Ashford. Don't worry, Miss Bedwen, I'll be able to teach you."
Apprentices (and Masters), are almost like family. So the government makes exceptions for masters with apprentices, similar to those for workers with spouses.
"And is your family going to be alright with that?" I asked, continuing with the probing.
I'm sure grandpa knows everything there is to know about the Major, from his civil status to his tastes in underwear, but he didn't share any of that with me. I had to resort to asking questions.
"My parents are dead," the Major replied. "So nobody can complain."
So he's not married. Strange for a man of his age. They usually like to marry and have kids, mostly to have somebody to boss over.
"Have you found a house yet?" I asked. "I must tell you, the housing situation in Ashford is horrendous. As soon as I gave up my dorm room, somebody moved there. The queue there is long. Private housing will cost you an arm and a leg."
"I haven't," the Major replied. "I've been staying at the Lion Inn for the moment."
Too busy trying to pin a crime on me to find decent housing, was he?
"Would you like to stay here, Major?" grandpa then asked. "Until you find a new house."
I looked at grandpa, wondering what he was doing. The Major would never find a new house.
You never invite a dark mage to stay with you, unless you're willing to live with him forever. They respect private property if it's outside their control, but once they start using something, they take ownership. Which is why the best strategy is to keep them away.
Grandpa made a gesture to me, which I interpreted as 'not now, we'll talk later'. I gave him a nod and a stare, 'this is going to be a serious conversation'.
By the look of bliss on the Major's face as he devoured his plate, including the veggies, I could see he was sick of the cooking at the Lion Inn. No wonder; they include way too little meat.
We would never get rid of him.














Chapter 20

The conversation with Grandpa would have to happen at another moment because the Major started training me right after breakfast.
"I've got Sundays mornings," he told me, showing me something that looked like my schedule, but with every spare moment occupied by magic practice. "So let's not waste any of my time. You'll do all those control exercises with Master Bedwen in the afternoon. With me, you will practice."
And practice we did. He insisted I threw small fireballs towards him, one after the other, as quickly as possible. He yelled at me whenever I made one that was too big.
"Never use too much force, or you won't be able to last long in battle," he instructed me, between yelling.
At least he didn't swear; I guess he still had compulsions about swearing at a girl. I'm sure it won't last too long. 
Billie, who sat together with grandpa on some chairs outside the perimeter, quickly got bored. I could see why; other than throwing fireballs at the Major, who neutralized them before they were even three yards from him, I was doing nothing else.
It seems like, between grandpa and the Major, they intend to bore me to death. I was used to Alchemy, with its complexity, skill, and dexterity. Magic seemed to be about drill, drill, and more drill. They rarely explained any theory to me. I had learned a lot more about the theory of magic at university.
I only got a brief respite for lunch; Jack went out with his friends, so I ate with the Major, grandpa, and Billie, but at least I could enjoy a bit of peace and quiet.
The afternoon was grandpa's time, according to the schedule the Major had shown me. I demanded they let me copy it (to make sure they don't go over it in attempts to spend more time with me than the other). After I copied it from his notebook, the Major left to bring his stuff from the hotel. Grandpa and I were alone in the training room; Billie was back to playing with the nanny.
"Why did you invite him?" I asked. "He will stay here now. It will be impossible to get rid of him for as long as I am here."
"I want to keep an eye on him," grandpa said. "I think he's planning something."
"Gramps," I was getting frustrated. "'Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer' doesn't mean you should live with them."
"Major Craen is not the enemy," grandpa then said, firmly. "He's your Master, and you should not think of him as your enemy. It won't be good for your education if you do."
"But you said yourself he's planning something," I protested.
"Sure he is," grandpa replied. "But that doesn't mean he will harm you. A master who loses an apprentice becomes an outcast and loser forever. Whatever Major Craen is planning to do, it won't harm you, at least the way he sees it."
"So you are saying he'll do something for my own good," I said, "which I won't like."
"Exactly. We need to be careful with him. Now, what are you doing? This is training time. Go back to concentrating on your magic."
"But I have little magic left, after the class with the Major," I complained. "It's barely a drop."
"That's good. You need to learn to manipulate fine magic channels, too. Focus on your hands; you need to move that drop through the small channels in your hands. They need to be developed, too."
I stared at my hands, trying to feel the magical channels in them. As they were dry of magic, they were even fainter than usual. 
"I don't see any fine magic channels," I said. "Only the major ones."
"That's because your vision is not developed enough yet," grandpa said. "And because your channels are not strong enough. They need to have magic flowing through them, branch and develop, to strengthen. Once that's done, your body will learn to pump concentrated magic instead of scattering it."
I stared at my hands, trying to move the bit of magical energy I had left through them. It was like trying to squeeze the last bit out of a pot of cream; it all got stuck to the walls and wouldn't move.
"It's not working," I complained, after half an hour or so of staring at my hands. "If I had more energy..."
"You wouldn't be able to look at the finer channels," grandpa said. "Because the stronger channels would shine so brightly, you wouldn't see them. You'll need a lot of practice and experience before you can start seeing the finer types of magic. So get back to work."
I sat there, trying to see something. Grandpa kept pestering me whenever he noticed my attention slipping away. How did he notice it?
"Don't try to fool me, young lady," grandpa then said, as I was thinking about that instead of concentrating. "I can see what you're doing from your aura. Concentrate."
Great. Now I don't even have the freedom to think whatever I want during class. At least at university, as long as you kept your eyes open, they let you be free in your mind.
#
The Major got his apartment in an attached building close to ours. His apartment was as big as mine; I saw the living room when I took his luggage upstairs. No gentleman, the Major. But for him, I was an apprentice. Apprentices were, for a long time, something between personal slaves and servants, except for the teaching part. Times had changed, but I guess some things don't, because the Major gave me his suitcases as soon as he saw me, instructing me to bring them. There were footmen in the house (try to manage a house so big without some men for the heavy work), but he thought it was my place to do it.
I carried them. It's not like they were too heavy; the Major didn't bring any books, and the amount of clothing he had also seemed limited.
"Great place," the Major told grandpa, who was showing the way to the guest. "I can see why you bought this building despite the ghosts."
"That's because ghosts don't exist," grandpa said.
"That's what you think after the Inquisition got rid of all the necromancers who could talk to them," the Major replied.
"Do you believe ghosts exist, Major?" grandpa asked, sarcastically.
"Of course," he replied. "But they can't do anything to a dark battle mage. Ghosts can only affect weaklings," he said, nodding towards me, "like her."
He was talking about me in the third person, right in front of me. I placed his suitcases on the floor with a thud.
"I'm sure Master Craen will teach me his great magical self-defense skills against ghosts," I said, also in third person. "Since he's so knowledgeable about them. But let's leave it for tomorrow evening; I should get back to the exercises Master Bedwen assigned me."
And I left, with my hands in fists. Grandpa came a couple of minutes later, as I was sitting in the training hall, staring at my hands. My magic had recovered a bit during the afternoon, so I had more to play with. It was still dreadfully boring, though.

#
Living with my masters made my life busy, but boring. In the mornings, I trained with grandpa before breakfast (I don't think you could get Major Craen out of bed early for anything other than an explosion); after breakfast, I went to class, sometimes going to a restaurant with Jack during lunchtime, on the days when he and I had more time. By the time I finished classes, I went back home, where I spent a couple of hours with the Major. After exhausting my magic, he left me to train with grandpa. Grandpa alternated the exercises with the magical channels with the vision exercises, the ones he showed me before my Initiation. The Major kept drilling me in fireballs, playing with the size, and insisting I control it perfectly.
Magic was a lot more boring than I thought. 
The classes were a respite; the complexity, the math, the accuracy and precision of it, especially in contrast with the drills that were learning magic, meant I experienced almost transcendental moments. When I started tearing up at a lab assignment, after measuring the pH of a buffer (none of that 'feel stuff' or 'try to see'; exact measurements with precise equipment), at the beauty of it, Joe, who was my lab partner, patted my shoulder.
"There, there," he said, giving me a handkerchief. "I know the coursework has been too much, and this class is a bit boring, but it's not that bad. You're done with your extra coursework."
I rejected his handkerchief and took out mine, loudly blowing my nose. 
"It's not that," I said. "It's just that I love alchemy so much. It's so great."
"Really?" Joe said, skeptically. I could see the reason; we'd just spent more than an hour counting the drops falling into the buffer before the indicator changed its color to pink. But even this was much more interesting than magic. At least my mind could wander, wondering on other things, while I was doing it.
"Really," I said, calm again. "Turns out, I hate magic. But now I have not just one, but two masters, and I have to learn to use magic, or I'll get blocked."
"Two masters? I've never heard of such a thing," Joe said.
"I got a second, dark master. The tribunal determined that I needed a teacher of my polarity," I explained.
"Well, there's nothing you can do about it," Joe said, "so don't cry. You'll manage; you always manage."
"That's for sure. I do," I replied, checking our notes. We had done all the lab work necessary for this practical; we just had to write the report. Which meant I would write it, since Joe was always more bother than help in these things.
"I think we're done here," I said. "I'll be going to the library now. Need to read the literature for the lab report."
"You know," he said. "I think what you need is a drink. Come to the pub after your training is done, have a drink. It will be good for you."
It had been ages since I'd gone for a drink. It sounded like a good idea. 
"Sure," I said. "I'll go after dinner. See you at the usual place, then."
"Sounds good," Joe nodded, and we started to clean up.
 That's when the grad student in charge of the lab practical came by. 
"Oh, I see you guys are done. Dana, the Dean asked to see you," he said.
I looked at the half-cleaned lab bench. 
"Go; I'll finish cleaning," Joe said.
"Thanks. See you tonight, then," I said, took my bag and notes, and went to the dean's office.
I hadn't seen the Dean of Alchemy much, although I'd heard he defended me against those who didn't like having magical people in non-magical departments. People always assume that magicals only want to study magic. That's not true, but the good pay and the sunk costs necessary to become a mage mean people frequently don't bother pursuing their dreams. And to those people, I was a reminder of their failure.
When I came in into the Dean's office, his secretary greeted me.
"Miss Bedwen, isn't it?" she said. "Come in, the Dean's waiting for you."
I nodded and knocked before going in.
The Dean was there, observing a bunch of paperwork on his desk.
"Ah, Miss Bedwen. I've heard you've become a mage," the Dean said.
"Yes, sir. I thought it wasn't a good idea to limit myself to something," 
I said.
"So you decided to leave Alchemy?" he asked. "I always thought you were a promising alchemist, Miss Bedwen. It will be a pity to waste such a talent."
"No, sir. I'd like to finish my degree in Alchemy, sir."
"But you applied to the Applied Magic Department, to get your degree there," the Dean asked, confused.
"I did," I said. "But I wanted to do a double major. I've heard others have done it before."
"While it has been done before," the Dean acknowledged, "magic is usually not combined with anything."
"Well, I'd like to, sir. The only reason I even became a mage was to create new alchemical devices. The things that could be done with a good understanding of magic and alchemy!" I said, trying to butter him up. The Dean loved alchemy; he was known for still going to the lab to research, despite his many obligations.
"That's true," the Dean answered, interested. "Well, then, Miss Bedwen, I'll make sure you can graduate in both magic and Alchemy. I'll follow your case personally since it's so unusual."
"Thank you," I replied. "May I leave, sir?"
"You may," the Dean said. 
And I left, wondering what that was about.
The Dean of alchemy called his old friend.
"Hi Charlie... remember our bet? About the dark student in Alchemy? Well, she will graduate in Alchemy. And magic too. I'm not sure who won now. Maybe we just buy each other a beer?" he waited for the answer and laughed. "No, I'm pretty sure she will. I knew I chose the right student for this bet. You need a lot of dedication to Alchemy to win the Floyd scholarship."














Chapter 21

I quickly finished writing the lab report and headed home. The calculations were complicated, but I had practiced a lot, and I quickly gathered the literature. I tried to keep up with the day's workload, because otherwise, with all the evenings and weekends occupied with the stupid magic practice, I could not keep up. I wonder if other mages have a similar workload. If so, it's understandable why I never see them; they're all in training all the time.
The classes were the same boring drills as always, although this time the Major taught me a variation on the fireball: rays of fire. Now I had to direct a continuous, thin ray towards him. Other than the initial bit of figuring it out, it was again, like always, just a lot of practice with no theory.
I didn't want to tell the two geezers I was going out. They had been controlling my life so much; I hadn't had a free moment without the company of Jack, grandpa, or the Major since my trip home, basically. I needed to get out of the house and be with other people. So I went to my bedroom, changed to the street attire I wore when going out drinking, and sneaked out.
The pub where I started drinking with Joe, was the same as always. We spent more time there, with a few other people who hang out with Joe. I knew most of them, although we weren't particularly close. But, with the company and the relaxed atmosphere, I let myself go a bit, going over my usual limit of a pint or two of beer. So when at the end of the night I headed out tipsy, Joe held my elbow.
"Dana, you sure you can go alone?" he asked.
"Sure," I nodded, my head sinking into my chest. "I can still walk, you know. It's not the first time I go back alone. I can manage."
"Well, if you say so," Joe replied. I could see he offered out of politeness; he didn't want to help me crawl home. If I wasn't magical, he would have insisted on accompanying me as the only woman in the group. But he'd seen me handle danger before and knew I would be fine.
So I headed home, the cool air clearing my head a little.
And that's when it happened. As I was going by a narrow street, I saw a man with a huge nose headed in my direction. I stepped towards the building, letting him pass on the sidewalk. The man suddenly yanked a bottle of spray and sprayed my face. I felt a faint garlicky smell.
As an alchemist, I had handled this chemical before. It was a magic blocker; used by the gendarmes against unruly mages, it was one of the simplest alchemical compounds. We produced it in the first year practical; I still remembered the smell, after all that time, as my clothes smelled of garlic for weeks after that. I learned to wear the lab coat properly then.
Nobody blocks magic with good intentions. So, as I felt somebody trying to grab my arm, I took the knife out of my belt, stabbing the man who sprayed my face. I then quickly kicked backwards, in the direction I was grabbed from. By the shriek, I must have hit somebody hard. That's one of the reasons I reinforced my boots with steel.
Street thugs always attack in bigger numbers. Jack, who insisted I learn to fight fairly, seemed to forget that there is no such thing as a fair street fight. I couldn't win fairly, but my opponents weren't fighting clean, either.
As I looked around, I could see there were three attackers. The big-nosed man had a small knife wound on his side, but he was still in fighting condition. The man whose shin I hit was slightly limping, but he was also in fighting condition. They were surrounding me. I looked around; nobody was here. I whistled as loudly as I could. 
"Help! Police! Police!" I shouted. 
"Nobody will help you," Big Nose said. He seemed to be the leader of the group. "Come with us; if you do it peacefully, we won't hurt you."
I took a step back until my back was at the wall. Strategically, having your back at the wall is not the best of positions, because you can't run away. But it would be impossible to run away from these men, not half-drunk like I was now. And who knew? There could be others. No, I had to fight them. But I couldn't fight nicely, like I usually did, avoiding seriously maiming my opponents. Fighting like that would prevent me from being truly effective. I would have to kill them.
I'd never dealt with people who were seriously after me. Street thugs, usually, once I showed them the fight would cost them, would run away. There was always easier prey, and it's not like I was that pretty or had much money. But these people were coming after me, and a simple knife wound would not discourage them.
"No, thank you," I answered. "I'd rather take my chances." 
I whistled again, to see if I could get any help. The street remained deserted; nothing moved.
I positioned myself as best as I could, with a knife in each hand (I took the other out of my boot). They came after me at the same time. The good thing about having my back at the wall was that they couldn't come after me from behind; that's why I stepped back. I lost maneuverability but gained in safety. 
I kicked the one in the middle with my boot, aiming for his ribs. The steel-reinforced toebox of my boot was heavy, and a proper blow was almost like a blow with a hammer. The man on the right came after me with a dagger. I only had a knife which was three inches long; the dagger was about a foot long. Big Nose also had a dagger. I was fighting against two opponents who had weapons with a longer range than mine, plus one on the floor, who would soon stand up. I should run as soon as I get an out. 
The man on the right made a step towards me, putting his leg within close distance. I hit his knee as strongly as I could. By the cracking noise, it seems like I broke it. I quickly lunged forward with my knife, as the man was gasping from the pain, quickly cutting his throat. The man gurgled. I grabbed his dagger before he fell.
Big Nose attacked me now. The man whose ribs I cracked stood up, circling me. But now that I had a dagger, also, I used it to parry his attacks. After he attacked me and I could block his dagger with mine, I stabbed his hand with the knife in my left hand. As he released the dagger because of the pain, I kicked it back towards the alley with my foot. The man with the broken ribs tried to attack me, as I exposed myself, but I quickly parried and maneuvered myself so my back wasn't towards the wall anymore. Time to run for my life.
#
I run as quickly as I could towards the home, not bothering to shout or otherwise waste my energy. I could hear Big Nose running after me at first, his heavy steps making me run even faster, but he stopped after a while. I guess he realized that he couldn't win one-to-one, and the man with the broken ribs hadn't run fast enough to catch up.
I continued running, though. I had to get help. I was five minutes away from home; the police station and the gendarmerie were further away. So I ran there. I guess there is an advantage in having a battle mage home.
When I reached home, I started knocking on the door to Major Craen's attached building. He would be more useful than grandpa in the fight.
"Major Craen!" I shouted. "It's Dana! Open up!"
The Major opened the door, dressed in his loungewear. 
"Aren't you supposed to be asleep?" he asked, before noticing the blood on my face. I still had the dagger in my hands. "What happened? And what are you doing with that?"
"I was attacked," I said. "In a street by an alley. I killed one of them. They blocked my magic."
"Come in," the Major said, scanning our surroundings. "I'll call my colleagues, first. Then, you'll show me the place where you were attacked."
He called, and I sat down, my mind numb. I'd never killed a person before. And I'd done it on purpose; for self-defense, but on purpose, intending to kill him. The intensity of it made me deaf; I couldn't hear what the Major was saying.
"No time to dwell, Miss Bedwen," I felt my arm being shaken. I looked up. Major Craen was looking down at me with what looked like understanding. "You need to show me the exact place where you were attacked."
"The others might still be there," I said.
"And I'll be able to defend myself and you, Miss Bedwen. There are advantages to being a battle mage. Only another battle mage can stop me."
I stood up, feeling unsteady. As I stumbled a bit, the Major held my elbow. 
"I can walk on my own," I said.
"OK, Miss Bedwen," the Major replied.
We headed back the way I came from. I left the bloody dagger and knife there, on the desk by the entrance, as I headed outside. The experts would take it afterward.
As I walked, with the Major right behind me, he said nothing the entire way. I'm not sure whether it was the alcohol or the shock, but I kept zig-zagging on my way to the crime scene, while the Major patiently waited, holding my elbow whenever I was about to hit a lamppost.
When we arrived at the place where I was attacked, nothing was left.
"This is where it happened," I told the Major. "They attacked me from that small street, while the big-nosed guy who sprayed me come from that other street. The man I killed was laying right here when I run away," I said, pointing to the spot on the floor where the body had fallen. There was nothing there; not even a single drop of blood.
"Well, it seems like they collected it," the Major said. "Although the cleanup was very fast. The experts will check the scene, anyway. You'll need to go to the police station to testify."
"I need Master Bedwen to be with me," I said. "As my lawyer."
"Don't worry. I'll call him, too," the Major replied. "It will be classified as self-defense, anyway. Civilians are not supposed to have magic blocking chemicals."
"The blocker is easy to produce," I said. "Any alchemist with a half-decent lab could make it. And the chemicals you need to synthesize it are available at any chemist shop. It could be anybody."
"Sure," the Major said. "But licensed alchemists won't bother producing a limited substance. They risk too much for little gain."
I shrugged. I still felt numb. It felt so surreal. I had killed a man -- but his body disappeared. It's almost like I didn't do it. Except I cut his throat with my hand, using my hands. My still -- I looked at them -- bloody hands.
I took a handkerchief out of the pocket and removed what I could from the hand. The Major extended his hand, and I shrugged and gave him the handkerchief.
Finally, I heard a police car. How could they arrive more slowly by car than I had walked, in my half-incapacitated state?
I stood numbly as the Major instructed the policemen on which area they should check. He also told them to go to the house to pick up the knife and dagger. Meanwhile, they sat me in the back of the car. I wasn't arrested; or at least I don't think so. 
When I arrived at the police station, I could see a lot of the people I knew. I saw Sergeant Brown, who was looking at me with big eyes.
"Please," I said. "Don't tell Detective Taylor. Not yet. I'll tell him myself."
"He needs to know, Miss Bedwen," the sergeant said.
"Then don't let him see the questioning. Let him read the transcript afterward. I just don't want him to see me like this," I said.
"OK, Miss Bedwen," the sergeant said. "I won't let Detective Taylor see you like this. But he won't like it one bit."
"Thank you, sergeant. I'll sit on that bench while I wait for Master Bedwen, if it's alright then," I said, as I sat on the bench, and stopped noticing what was happening around me. With everything that happened, sitting there, safe, I fell asleep. Or maybe I fainted. I'm not sure.
I regained consciousness as I noticed my shoulder shaking. 
"Dana," I heard. "Wake up. I'm here," said grandpa's voice.
"Gramps?" I said, in my half-conscious state. I couldn't remember that it was supposed to be a secret.
"Open your eyes, Dana. You must answer some questions. I'll be with you all the way," grandpa said.
I opened my eyes. Grandpa was there, sitting by me on the bench. I could also see the Major was there; had he heard my calling grandpa 'Gramps'? By the weird look he gave me, maybe yes.














Chapter 22

I told the detective in charge everything that happened. What I did; the faces; how I killed that man. 
"Well," the detective says. "We can conclude that it was self-defense, Miss Bedwen. If you actually killed a man. We haven't found the body."
"Have you examined the blood?" grandpa asked.
"We have," the detective said. "It will take some time to determine whose it is, if we even have it in our system. We'd also like Miss Bedwen's clothes, for evidence. And a blood sample to analyze for the blocker. And to test against the other blood."
"I need fresh clothes, then," I said.
"I asked Detective Taylor to collect them," grandpa said. 
"You told Jack what happened?" I asked grandpa.
"Somebody told him," grandpa said. "But that was inevitable. You couldn't keep it a secret from him."
"I'd also like to shower," I told the detective. "I don't want Detective Taylor to see me like this. Can I?"
"Of course, Miss Bedwen," the detective told me, with sympathy. "We'll have a female officer escort you as you change and wash up."
I'm not sure how I managed to shower. As the water was flowing on my naked body, washing away the blood and the stress, I stood there, motionless, barely moving. Eventually, when the female officer knocked on the cabin door to ask if I was OK, I lathered my body with the soap they gave me. I needed the officer's help to dress after I dried myself with the big towel they gave me. My shaking fingers just couldn't handle the buttons on the shirt, so she helped me button them.
Jack was right by the door when I went out of the changing room.
"Dana!" he exclaimed, hugging me. "Are you alright?"
"No," I whispered, hanging on his neck, leaning on him. "I want to go home."
I'm not sure what happened afterward. Maybe I fainted again; maybe I didn't. All memories of what happened afterward were gone, my energy sapped.
#
I woke up feeling Jack's familiar weight. I opened my eyes. I could see, by the rays of sunshine that scattered through the curtains' edges, that it was quite late mornings. I rolled around, looking at Jack. He caressed my hair and hugged me, placing my head on his chest. I stayed like this for a while.
"You scared me yesterday," Jack said. "What were you thinking, going alone like that? I must have a conversation with that friend of yours."
"Don't," I asked him, lifting my head from his chest, to look into his deep, brown eyes. "Joe wasn't wrong. I can defend myself against most street thugs. It's just that those weren't ordinary street thugs. He couldn't know."
"Still," Jack said. "Letting a drunk woman walk alone at night... That's not right."
"I'm not a typical woman, and you know it. I'm not sure a man could have defended himself better."
"You're right," Jack said, pulling my head towards his chest again, caressing my head with his fingers. "But sometimes I wish you were more like an ordinary girl. One that doesn't get in trouble and doesn't come back home with blood on her hands."
"I am who I am," I said. "And you know that. Besides, I wasn't looking for trouble."
"I know, baby," he said. I would have to speak to him later about that endearment. But, for the moment, I let it slide. "I know."
Instead, I leaned on him, laying in bed until my stomach grumbled.
"I brought breakfast here," Jack said. "It's sandwiches, so you can eat them cold. I'll put the kettle on."
"Thanks," I said. "For being so thoughtful."
He rolled on the wide bed towards the other side, as I was on the edge, as always, and went to put the kettle on. I brought my ethanol burner from the dorm, and I kept it in the living room for making tea. I didn't want to go to the kitchen since the servants always insisted on making it for me (I can make my own tea, dammit).
I stayed a bit, laying in bed until Jack informed me that tea was ready. I went up, getting out of bed. My body hurt a bit from the fight; I still had bruises, and the strain I placed on myself could still be felt.
The sandwiches were cold but filling, and the hot milky tea compensated for that. As I devoured food (I hadn't eaten anything yesterday since dinner, and the night had consumed a lot of my energy), Jack observed me eat with amusement, quietly nibbling on a couple of sandwiches.
"Feeling better now?" he asked.
"Yes," I said. "I'll be taking a bath in a little while, but for the moment, let's just sit here."
"Your grandpa and the Major want to speak with you," Jack said. 
"They already know what happened yesterday," I said. "They were both present when I told the police. And I don't want to rehash it. I feel bad enough as is."
"You need to decide what you'll do. It seems like, as we expected, the people who arranged Captain Greggs' murder are also going after you. They observed you, and, the moment you were vulnerable, they attacked," I could hear the disapproval in Jack's voice. He didn't like me going around drunk in the middle of the night.
"I did what you guys told me for almost two months," I said. "I only went to university, came back home before dusk, and did nothing else. But I can't live my life like that."
"Which is why we need a plan," Jack said.
"We?" I asked.
"You, me, your grandpa, and, apparently, Major Craen," Jack said.
"Major Craen? I'm not sure I want him to be planning anything with us," I said.
"You can't get rid of him," Jack said. "Since he'll be watching you like a hawk. His guys screwed up yesterday."
"His guys? You mean he had me under surveillance?" I asked.
"He did. After you left, he spent a lot of time yelling at the gendarmes who came. He was furious that they didn't catch the perpetrators."
"Ha!" I exclaimed. "Serves him right. That's the kind of people you get when you engage in witch hunts instead of investigating actual criminals."
I could see Jack disapproved of my schadenfreude, but he said nothing.
"Well then," I said. "I'll go take a bath. You can tell those two geezers I'll be coming down in an hour and a half. We'll discuss strategy then."
#
When I emerged, clean and relaxed, out of the bath, Jack was waiting for me. 
"They're waiting for you at your grandpa's office," he said. 
I dressed, put on the moccasins I used at home, and followed Jack. I still hadn't been to grandpa's new office. This house was so enormous, you could get lost in here (I did a couple of times; once, I just went outside and went back inside through the other door because I couldn't find the way).
The two geezers (I know Major Craen's middle-aged, but he's still a geezer to me) were sitting in there. Grandpa, behind his desk. Major Craen, on the windowsill behind the desk. Despite perfectly suitable chairs and armchairs in the office, he would not take the visitor's seat; he had to control the room.
"Good morning, Master Bedwen, Master Craen," I said. I'm not sure Craen had heard my slip yesterday, but I could always pretend it was just the exhaustion.
"Good afternoon, more like it," Major Craen said. He noticed the order in which I saluted them, because he frowned.
"Good afternoon, then," I said, with a smile. 
Jack sat on the chair next to me.
"Good afternoon, Miss Bedwen, Detective," grandpa said. "I see you are well. How is your magic, Miss Bedwen?"
I tried to do the usual exercise and felt nothing. There was no energy in my body. I couldn't see or feel the magical channels; it was gone.
"Still blocked, I guess," I replied. "I can't see or feel it at all."
"According to your blood test," Major Craen said, "you inhaled enough blocker to last a fortnight. You won't get to practice any magic."
Not practicing magic didn't seem like a tremendous sacrifice. 
"Does that mean our classes are canceled?" I asked.
"They are," grandpa said. "We need to focus on getting you safe right now. With your magic blocked, you'll be more vulnerable to an attack."
"It's not like I know enough magic to use it for self-defense," I shrugged. "I can manage without it quite fine."
"A physical attack, you can," grandpa said gently. "But without your magic, you're vulnerable to mental magic. And if the attackers are who we think they are, they'll try to lure you with it."
"That means you aren't safe at university, either," the Major said. "I'll have policemen assigned to you for these two weeks. They'll accompany you between classes."
"I don't think that's necessary," I said. I didn't want to have a police escort following me to class. What would that do to my reputation?
"This attack has shown that the perpetrators won't be stopped by anything other than a visible police presence," Major Craen said. "And we need to control the situation."
"No way," I said. "I will not consent to this. I won't be guarded."
"So you don't mind being manipulated with mind magic?" the Major said.
"As far as I can gather," I said. "A simple artifact can block the kind of contactless mind magic you're talking about. Only a powerful light mage can use contactless magic and overcome a defensive artifact. And policemen can't defend themselves against a powerful enough mage, either. So, unless you have the budget for a magical escort, it's all useless theater, anyway."
By the way the Major frowned, I could see he didn't have the budget. Figures. No mage would agree to babysit an adult. Not for reasonable amounts of money, at least.
"Dana's got a point," grandpa said. "I'll give her an artifact for mind defense, but it will only work against people with artifacts or weak mages. No artifact can defend against a strong enough mage."
"The police can't defend you against mind magic," Jack said, "but they can defend you against other attacks."
"Which won't happen if I only go from home to university during daylight hours," I said. "I can defend myself against anything the police can. Especially if you give me the same equipment."
Jack didn't answer. I could see he knew I was right, but didn't want to agree on the lack of capabilities of the police. 
"It seems like you already have a strategy in mind, Miss Bedwen," the Major said. "Just tell us what you'd like to do."
"I think we need to provoke them," I said. "Make them attack me when we want them to rather than when they want."
"And how would you like to do that?" the Major asked.
"Well," I said. "This entire thing started because of Captain Greggs' research, right? There was something there that they don't want to be found."
"That is the working theory," the Major replied.
"Declassify it, then," I said. "And I'll make a presentation on it, during the defense of my minor thesis. All the information I put on the report for Captain Greggs."
"You must be joking," the Major said.
"No," I replied. "I'm serious. Whatever secret there is, it has already leaked. Why not let the public know? Besides, I don't see what's so important to keep secret. Or do you have a good reason to keep it secret? Forg island belongs to Kalmar; that interesting archeological finds where found there isn't the kind of thing that should be a super-secret. And if you reveal it as part of an academic study, nobody but eggheads will learn about it. The general public can't handle complicated language."
I could see he didn't like it. 
"Dana's right," grandpa said. "Unless there is a serious reason to keep the information she knows secret, revealing it will either provoke those who want to keep it quiet or, once it's revealed, will make her safe. Since they would gain nothing by killing her."
The Major didn't look happy.
"Revealing classified information is a crime," he said.
"Declassify it," I said. "It seems somebody in your department is leaking it to outsiders, anyway."
"How do you know about the leak?" the Major asked.
"It's the only way the Society could have learned the information," I said. "Look; if your enemies are willing to kill to keep some information secret, shouldn't you be fighting to make it publicly available?"
"That's not how it works," the Major replied.
"Well then," I said. "I have nothing to propose."
"Dana," grandpa said. "I'd like to talk to the Major in private."
This time, I did not complain about being left out of the conversation. I knew grandpa was on my side.














Chapter 23

After Dana and Jack left, the two men were left in the office, staring at each other with mistrust. The Professor turned his chair to look at the Major, who was still sitting on the windowsill.
"Do it," Professor Bedwen said.
"Or what?" the Major asked, with a smirk.
"Or else I'll reveal some other secrets your department doesn't want to make public," Professor Bedwen replied.
"That's a crime," Major Craen said. "You'll go to jail for that."
"I know," Professor Bedwen said. "Which is why I didn't reveal them before. But I will, if you don't do whatever it takes to save Dana Bedwen. You can arrest me after that. I don't care."
The Major stood up and leaned on the table, placing his arms around the Professor. He didn't move an inch, staring at him from a close distance. 
"And why would you do that?" he said. "She's your apprentice, but nobody expects this level of dedication from a master to an apprentice. Apprentices are disposable."
"I've got my reasons," Professor Bedwen replied, staring firmly into the Major's eyes. "But I promise you, on my family's honor, that I will do it if you don't do what I'm asking. It's not an empty threat."
"I could detain you," the Major said. "For threats of revealing government secrets."
"You could try," Professor Bedwen replied. "But, by the time we're done in court, the public will know for sure that something is going on. I'll hire all the best lawyers, and I'll make sure every damn reporter in the country knows about the case. It will be bad."
The Major stared at the Professor, who remained motionless despite having a battle mage inches from his face. Then, after making some decision for himself, he stood up.
"So it's true," he said. "She is your granddaughter."
"Why would you think that?" Professor Bedwen asked, raising his eyebrows. His face was as expressionless as before.
"Because you wouldn't risk everything for a nobody. At first, I thought she was your lover; but I am observant enough to see you aren't. Besides, you expressed no jealousy towards Detective Taylor. I noticed that her mother has the same name as your supposedly dead daughter... But she's dark. It couldn't be. Yesterday, though, when she called you 'Gramps', I realized it is true."
"Miss Bedwen was in a highly inebriated state," Professor Bedwen said. "And tired. She must have confused me with her grandpa because I'm also old."
The Major ignored him.
"She doesn't look like you, and she's dark... She's adopted, right? She must be your son-in-law's daughter."
"Dana is the child of her parent's marriage," Professor Bedwen said. "There's even a birth certificate for that. She isn't her mother's stepdaughter."
"And that's one thing that tripped me at first. But then I realized. Caerland is an area where people don't care that much about the letter of the law. If an illegal immigrant came with an infant, and that infant could get legal status with the right paperwork, especially with an available and eager mother... Well, for a small bribe, you could easily do it. They won't even consider it corruption."
"If you think birth documents were faked," Professor Bedwen said. "You should absolutely investigate it. That's a serious crime."
"Except I won't be able to get anybody to testify, they'll stonewall me every step of the way, and I'll be known as the worst master ever," the Major replied, with a smile. "I admire men who protect their families. That's why I'm willing to go along with it. Something must have changed in this world for an Inquisitor to put everything on the line for an adopted grandchild, especially one that is dark arall. But don't threaten me with those secrets again. It won't work."
And with those words, the Major left the office.
The Professor stared at his back blankly. It seemed like the group of people aware of his secret was growing by the day. 
#
Grandpa convinced the Major to go along with my plan. I don't know what kind of strategy he used (knowing grandpa, it was some kind of threat), and I wasn't going to ask. But it seemed like, whatever it was, it had convinced the Major that my slip at the police station must have been true. When I asked grandpa about it, he dismissed my concerns.
"Don't worry," grandpa said. "He guessed, but I have confirmed nothing. He won't go telling it to everybody. But I'm thinking keeping it secret is not a good idea."
"So you'll tell everybody about mother?" I asked. "How she's alive?"
"I think we should go with the adopted granddaughter story," grandpa said. "That I adopted you as my granddaughter. Include you in the family register, the works. I should call my lawyer and do that, actually."
"Tell him?"
"To include you in the family registry. And will. We should also introduce you to society after this is over."
"You mean, like those rich kids who have a debut?" I asked.
"Yes, like that. You should prepare a dress."
Another dress? I had already dipped into my savings, and I had no money left. A dress for a social event would cost a fortune. And, whatever Jack thought of my scruples, I had them. I would eat for free and stay at his house, but I wouldn't take his money.
I thought how long it would take me to get the money.
"Take your time organizing the party," I said. "At least two months. I'd like it to be after I've started with my summer courses, so it doesn't happen at the beginning of the courses, in case I need some extra time to prepare."
"I'm glad you're OK with this," grandpa said. 
I smiled at him, with some of the mixed feelings I had towards him. I was also tired of the effort required to keep it secret, but telling everybody and an official introduction would open an entirely new can of worms. 
"You're my grandpa," I told him. "It will be easier if everybody knows it. Now, how about we focus on my thesis? I'd like the presentation to be top notch, if I'm risking my life for it."
#
My minor thesis had been almost ready, and, with the recent changes, I just added another chapter. Grandpa and I went over it exhaustively several times, before it was polished enough for his satisfaction. 
So, with the date set for next week, I prepared, trying to make the most polished presentation I could. Of course, the part of it I was least satisfied with was the chapter on the stupid button. I couldn't understand what was so important about it, to keep it that secret. Nothing in it seemed particularly incriminating. I was sure I would be endlessly questioned on that part, but there was nothing I could say.
"Just say: 'Further study is required'," grandpa said.
"That's what everybody says when they've got unsatisfactory results," I protested.
"You've got unsatisfactory results," grandpa said.
He had a point. It was just so... inelegant. 
"It's just a minor thesis, for crying out loud," grandpa said, as he saw me struggling. "It's already way too long and way too complete."
"You were the one who insisted I was thorough," I reminded him.
"And I'm regretting it," grandpa said. "Because it seems like I released a perfectionism monster. Let it go. We've got bigger fish to fry right now."

I went to submit my thesis with the Major. He wasn't too happy about standing in the queue at the Dean's office, either.
"You mean, they only work for two hours a day?" he asked, staring at the secretaries.
"Yes," I replied. "And that's why we had to come early. We have to submit now so I can make my presentation next week."
I stayed home after that, waiting for the presentation date, as my magic recovered. The date was put right after my recovery, so they couldn't just hypnotize me easily.















Chapter 24

Professor Bedwen approached the Major.
"Dana has disappeared," he told the Major.
"What do you mean, disappeared?" the Major, who was still observing everybody, trying to see anybody suspicious, asked.
"Just that. She disappeared. She went to the toilet, and, when she didn't come out for a while, I checked. She wasn't there."
The Major swore, calling one of his subordinates with a gesture.
"Show me where this toilet is," he asked the Professor.
Inside, he checked the window, which seemed closed. He pushed. It wasn't locked.
"Damn," he said. 
Then, turning around to look at his subordinate, who had followed him here, he started yelling.
"You nitwit! How could you miss them again? Make sure to search the whole building. Make a perimeter around the University -- make sure nobody can take anything outside without checking."
Then he turned towards the Professor.
"We need to find her as soon as possible," he said. "Because if we don't... They'll kill her or destroy her mind as soon as they realize she doesn't know anything other than what she already said."
Professor Bedwen nodded, his hands shaking a bit.
He hadn't been able to protect his family. Again.
#
When I regained conscience, the first thing I felt was the pain in my wrists. I kept my eyes shut, trying to feel my body. I was sitting on a chair, with my hands tied behind, and my feet tied to the chair. 
"Stop pretending," I heard a voice. "I can see you're conscious. Your aura tells me so."
I opened my eyes. I saw the juror from the magical tribunal in front of me. The one that looked and nodded at grandpa way too much.
"Now, abomination," the man said. "Tell us everything you know about this," he said, holding a button that looked like the one I'd been working on in front of me. Did they steal it, or were there many in Forg island?
"If you wanted to hear that," I said, looking around the room, "you could have attended my presentation. I'd have told you, together with everybody else. But since you're asking, let me start with the review of the literature," and I started my perfectly rehearsed presentation. I had practiced it so much, it was solidly ingrained, so I could say it without thinking about the contents. 
I looked around the room. Only the juror was a mage. The others were ordinary people, with slightly hazy looks you see in drug users. Were they on drugs, or was it the magic? They were all armed with daggers and swords. I also saw some crossbows on the corners.
"Stop," the mage said after I went on for a minute or so. "I don't want to hear your lecture."
He leaned, grabbing my chin, and staring into my eyes. I closed them forcefully. 
"Now," his voice turned sweet. "Relax. Let your mind go. Tell me everything."
I could feel his voice was affecting me. Was this the mind magic grandpa had talked about? The feeling of lack of control -- the loss of identity -- was horrifying. Is this what drug users feel? Why anybody would want to feel this, is a mystery to me.
I fought. Keeping my eyes closed, to make his job harder, I concentrated on everything that made me myself. My family. Alchemy. Jack. I kept thinking about them, about all of them, as my mind kept getting yanked from me. I fought tooth and nail to regain the shreds of identity I was losing each second.
But it wasn't working. I could feel that I was losing my mind. 
God, I'd prefer to die, I thought. 
And then -- as if an answer from above -- I had an idea, a crazy, dangerous idea that would probably mean my death, but could mean I would fry this magician's brain. I remembered what grandpa said about the mechanism of the magical block.
"What this magical block does, it cuts the way from your body to the existing magical channels," grandpa said. "So you can't use it. The magic is still accumulating in your body; it's just not going into the channels, not circulating. When the block wears off, your channels will be weaker, and you'll need to strengthen them again."
I smiled, opening my eyes. There is one way to use my magic. Create new channels, concentrating my magic again. A second Initiation. 
The first one had almost killed me, would the second? As I stared into the crazy eyes of the mage who was going to destroy my mind, giving me a fate worse than Billie's, I pulled all the diffuse magic out of my body, directing it all towards my mind, creating small, thin channels through the part of my ethereal body that corresponded to my head. This time, I had less magic than on my first Initiation, as my magic had mostly been pumped into my magical channels through all the training. But even the little bit of dark magic was enough to create a trap in my head. I'm not sure it was enough to save me, but it was enough to create damage.
The mage, who kept looking into my eyes, suddenly had a horrified expression. I could see he was aware of what was happening, but he was already inside my mind, trapped inside my mind. A mind that was full of dark energy channels, that emanated their energy, dominating, devouring, the foreign aura.
I'm not sure which one of us lost consciousness first -- me or him. But as I felt my mind slipping away, as the creation of magical channels -- and the destruction of the foreign, hostile energy inside me was going on, the attack weakening. Did it affect the mage?
#
When I regained consciousness, I was still sitting on the chair, but no longer tied. I looked around. Major Craen was looking at me with a satisfied look on his face. Grandpa had worried eyes, while the mage next to him was examining me like an insect.
The mage approached me. I tried to stand up, to get away from him. The last thing I wanted was for anybody to use their magic on me.
"Sit down, Miss Bedwen," the healer said. "You're still too weak. You shouldn't move now. Your mind needs to resettle, get used to everything again."
"No... magic," I said, weakly, but clearly. My voice was raspy, my throat dry.
The Major smirked. 
"No Healer would risk using magic on you right now," he said. "Your aura is so full of dark magic, and you're irradiating it with such strength, that even being within a couple of feet from you is painful for any light mage."
I looked at grandpa and the healer. I could see now, from grandpa's face, that he wasn't feeling very well.
"How long will this last?" grandpa said.
The Major shrugged.
"Who knows? Nobody has heard of a double Initiation. And if you noticed, this time, most of her channels are around her head."
"Because that's where the mind attack was going," grandpa said. "So that's where her magic went, feeling the intrusion."
"It's a miracle she survived," the healer said. "But the Major is right, we can't heal her right now. She needs rest, and some food. There is nothing else we can do for her."
Another man in a green robe approached the healer.
"Can we put her on a stretcher?" he asked, pointing at me. "These people," he pointed at the non-magicals in the room, who were still sitting with an expression of drug-induced bliss on their faces. "Seem to need much less help than she does."
"You can take her," the healer said. 
"We'll need to question her, though," the Major said.
"No need," grandpa said. "Let Miss Bedwen rest. I'm sure you'll be able to get testimony out of the witnesses," grandpa pointed at the half-drugged people who were still on the floor.
"Is it possible?" the Major asked. 
I wanted to stay to listen for longer, but the field medics carried me away.
#
With Dana gone, Professor Bedwen looked around, evaluating the situation. The mage was still unconscious. The non-magicals were still in a state of bliss.
"They'll wake up soon," he said, nodding towards the people on the floor. "And they'll be needing a lot of help. Cutting mind magic suddenly can be devastating to its victims."
"We know that," the Major said. "There's a unit of healers coming in this direction. Now that her dark emanations won't impede their work, they can start right away."
"So you knew something like this was happening?" Professor Bedwen asked. "If you had a team of healers ready and trained, you must have expected a mind mage to be operating in this area."
"We had our guesses," the Major replied. "But we didn't know any names. And now that the mage is brain-dead, it will be hard to learn anything."
There was a tinge of anger in his voice.
"Would you have preferred a brain-dead apprentice?" the Professor asked. "Because I'm quite happy with the outcome. Don't use my granddaughter to catch dangerous criminals."
"Are you going to take it out into the open now?" the Major said, looking around. The emergency workers were still going around, checking on everybody. The crime scene investigators were swearing, trying to stop the emergency workers from destroying all the clues.
"Part of it," Professor Bedwen said. "These bastards went after her because they thought she was a nobody without protection. Once they know they'd be messing with me, they'll be more careful. Kidnapping her from the toilet! How crude."
"So you're going to publicly announce her as your granddaughter?" the Major asked.
"Yes. I want all the bastards know, when they mess with Dana, they're messing with the Bedwens."
"If she is going to be your acknowledged granddaughter," the Major said, "many flies will start swarming around her. She'd be the heiress to a big fortune."
"Not flies," Professor Bedwen replied, curtly. "She's not dung. And I think Dana has enough sense to avoid flatterers."
"It's your business," the Major shrugged. "I have too much work on my plate to care. I have to check whether we can find anything about this guy," he said, pointing at the braindead mage.
"You know who he is," Professor Bedwen said.
"I do. Lorenzio Gwern. He was on the tribunal for your granddaughter. That's why it's going to be a struggle. He's one of the Gwerns," the Major said, almost spitting out the surname. "They're rich... And very connected. Getting a search warrant to find anything will be hard. All his acquaintances will be lawyering up, and we won't be able to get anything useful."
"So don't," the Professor said.
"What?" The Major asked, with suspicion.
"Do anything beyond searching this guys' house. For the rest, keep them under observation. You may find way more about them this way," the Professor said. "Check especially carefully for all of those who disappear or die. Whether they go on a trip or die of a heart attack, check those as thoroughly as possible."
"You think they'd cut their tail this way?" the Major asked.
"They absolutely will. I know them; I've fought many years against them. Killing people to get rid of problems is too easy. When you start doing it too frequently, it becomes the hammer used to kill all flies."
"I'll talk to my superiors," the Major said.
"I'll keep an ear out," the Professor promised. "Anything I learn, I'll tell you. I'll also tell you when you should poke the hornets' nest and go all-in with arrests. Meanwhile, you should find a friendly prosecutor. Preferably a dark arall."
"Why a dark one?" the Major asked.
"Because these people hate dark arall too much. They're not like the Inquisition of yesteryear, which could recruit anybody to their ranks. They are too focused on blood purity and magic purity to respect dark magicals."
"You seem to know a lot about them," the Major observed. 
The Professor nodded.
"I grew up among them, after all. I believed in their ideas for a long time... Until those ideas started to harm my family. There is one thing that maintains a dynasty alive for centuries. Loyalty to ideas is not it."














Epilogue

"You look good, stop worrying," Jack said, as I checked myself in the mirror for what must be the hundredth time.
I was wearing a custom made dress that cost me two months' work wages plus all the savings I had left. Despite the silly rules about debutantes having to wear light pastel colors, I insisted, and my dress was a dark olive color that suited me the best. Grandpa, when he saw that dress being brought, raised his eyebrows, and said nothing. He did, however, invite me into his office.
"The dress is a bit too dour," he said. "You need to add a bit more color to it."
"What are you suggesting?" I asked, with suspicion. Grandpa had been trying to insist on paying for the dress the entire time I spent saving up for it by working at the coach station (they paid well; it was still boring).
Grandpa crossed the room and opened the safe. He took out a box, which, when he opened it, almost blinded me with its shining contents.
"Did you buy jewelry?" I asked. I wouldn't put it past him.
"No, these are family heirlooms. They belonged to your grandma. They should have gone to your mother, but with everything that happened... I'm sure she won't mind you wearing them. And it's not like your brothers will ever wear them."
The feeling of greed the shining rocks made me feel was overcame by my scruples. 
"I can't take them," I said. "What will people think? That I'm only your granddaughter for the money? This diamond necklace alone," I said, pointing at the smallest one amongst them, "is worth more than my annual tuition fee." 
I'm an alchemist. While we aren't jewellers, we have a course on crystals and their structure in the first year. I knew enough about diamonds and carats (and their prices) to estimate the price of the jewelry in front of me.
Beyond what I could earn in a lifetime on an average alchemist's salary.
"People will think what they will want," grandpa said. "But that's not our business. Do you like this necklace?" he said, pointing at a delicate piece that combined diamonds with red garnets, which combined well with my dress' color.
"I do," I admitted, despite myself.
"Then wear it," grandpa said. "And put it back in the family bank vault, if you prefer to. You're officially part of the Bedwen family now; I gave you access. You can choose to use it or not."
So I was wearing that necklace, with a pair of pearl earrings. My hair, put up in a complicated hair updo that required the help of a hairdresser, was decorated with silk lace. I looked the girliest I'd ever looked in my life.
Our entire house was occupied by the party, except for our private apartments. I could hear the murmur of the party from here, as I checked myself in the mirror for the last time. Grandpa had invited around two hundred guests. When I learned the number of guests (and the cost) of this party, I almost refused, but the invitations had been sent by then.
As I exited my room, I saw grandpa there, waiting for me. I put my hand on his elbow and started climbing down the stairs, which was much harder than usual, with the dress being a tripping hazard. Thankfully, I had put my foot down, and my shoes were practical flats, instead of heels (grandpa would not hear about boots or moccasins, which doesn't make any sense, since nobody would see my shoes under the heavy skirt, anyway).
"You look beautiful," grandpa said. "We should send a photo of you to your mother. I'm sure she'll like it."
Mother had spent years trying to make me tie my hair with lace. 
"She'll love it," I grunted. 
As we arrived at the bottom of the stairs, he looked at me again. 
"Your grandma would love to see you, in her jewelry," he said. "I'm sure she would approve. Now, cheer up, I have to introduce you to my friends."
And we came into the room, where we were met with a sea of curious but polite stares. Grandpa took me around, introducing me to everybody as his granddaughter, Miss Dana Bedwen. Conversations were polite but short; after speaking to one guest, we moved to another, making sure to talk to every guest. It was exhausting. 
After the introductions, which lasted a couple of hours, I made my way to the buffet table. Dinner was served as a buffet, with people eating standing around (although there were also tables for those who wanted to sit down). Jack was waiting for me there.
"I knew you'd come here at some point," he said. "After your grandpa paraded you enough."
"I'm not sure he thinks it's enough," I said, taking the plate he offered me, "but it was certainly enough for me. Now let me stuff myself before I have to talk to somebody else."
"Sure," Jack said. He looked great in his dress uniform. He silently watched me eat, but it was a comfortable silence. It's one of the things I most like about him; he lets me be myself.
Major Craen approached us when I was finishing the third canape. 
"I don't know why people insist on eating tiny amounts of weird food," he said, "when you could have a nice roast for much less. At least the wine is good."
With everything going on, I hadn't tasted the wine. I barely had a sip, as grandpa swirled me to meet yet another person. I must admit, I don't remember half their names.
I stayed quiet. I was busy, hunting for the tastiest sandwiches on the buffet table.
"Your grandpa is looking for you," Major Craen said when I gave him no response. "I'd eat quickly if I were you."
"No need to hurry," said grandpa's voice. I turned around. He was there, with a really wide smile on his face. "Eat as much as you want, darling. Then we need to get photographed."
I'm not sure what kind of barrier the official announcement broke in grandpa's mind, but he always called me 'darling' or Dana now.  Never the official 'Miss Bedwen' anymore. I liked calling him grandpa in public, too, and not calling him Master. 
"The photos will be published in all the magazines," Major Craen told me, to ruin my mood. "The long-lost heiress to the Bedwen fortune has called for a lot of interest."
I almost choked on the smoked salmon sandwich I was eating. The press? I never thought of that. As Jack patted my back, giving me a glass of water, I stared accusingly at grandpa. His beatific smile stayed on his face. 
"Well, can't I announce to the country I have a granddaughter now?" he asked, innocently. "Especially such a beautiful one."
#
When the butler brought the freshly ironed newspaper to the silent room, the man at the head of the table looked at the front page. The apostate was there, smiling, with the abomination.
"To sully one of the greatest names in the Society's history!" the man to the right of the head complained.
"That family line is extinct. Dead," said the man in the center, who seemed to be the leader. "This abomination won't change the fact. Yet another line of great light mages, ended. Such a tragedy."
"David Bedwen is a traitor," the man on his right continued. "Bringing dirty magic into the family. We should get rid of him."
"David Bedwen is dangerous," the leader replied. "And we aren't ready to deal with him. Remember what happened last time? If anything, he's richer and more experienced now. No, we don't have the resources now. Not yet."
The men at the table stayed silent, letting their leader continue speaking.
"What are the harms to our agents in Ashford?" the leader asked them.
"Well," the man to his left, who had been nervously wringing his hands under the table. The leader made a note to get rid of him later. They needed people who could withstand the pressure for the Revolution. "None of the key figures were arrested. Our base, however, has been destroyed. The police dug into all the members who aren't connected."
"Where are they now?" the leader asked.
"Hiding," said the nervous man. "I'll contact them when things calm down. We should start evacuating them in September."
"No," the leader said. "Don't make contact. Get rid of the ones who know too much. See how the others handle it. If they're loyal and continue the cause, make a note."
"But..." the nervous man said, "these are our brothers. We shouldn't leave them alone."
"They failed," the leader said. "And our Cause doesn't need losers. They'd bring their bad luck with them. It's their Destiny."
Nobody could argue with Destiny. The table stayed silent.
"What should we do about the mongrel, sir?" the man on his right asked.
"Keep an eye on her," he said. "But be aware -- the traitors' servants are observing her. She knows nothing. We thought she did, but it turns out she wasn't nearly close to the truth. But keep observing -- she could get there. If you see an opening," the leader paused, looking around the table. Everybody knew what he'd say. "Get rid of them. Both the Bedwens. For as long as the Bedwens are alive, they'll be dangerous to our cause. Our mistake last time was not doing thoroughly enough."

<<<>>>
Glossary

Alchemist's Review, the:  the major journal of Alchemy in Kalmar.
Ansel Hurston: criminal lawyer who defended Dana at her trial.
Anti-Reformists: political movement against the Reformation.
Applied Practical Magic Department: dark magic department in Ashford university.
Arak Rebellion: The rebellion against the Yllamese Emperor lead by General el-Araki.
Arall: Magical people, both light and dark.
Archmage: Highest academic rank of mage. 
Ashford University: a widely specialized university where both dark and light mages study with many other specialties.
Bedwen: a prominent light magic family, that produced many important Inquisitors.
Bettie: Professor Bedwen’s housekeeper.
Bingham horse race: the most important horse race in the Kalmari Republic.
Briggs, Captain: the gendarme that investigated Dana for the death of Captain Greggs.
Brown, Sergeant: a police sergeant, who trains with Dana and Jack.
Bureau of Magic: archive that holds all the information about mages, Initiations, and all magic related crimes.
Caerland: northern state of the Kalmari Republic. It is known for being heavily populated by dark arall. Its main industry is mining and steel production.
Claire Bedwen: Dana’s mother, David Bedwen’s daughter.
College of the Holy Inquisition: The Inquisition’s most important University.
Commencement Ball: the ball for the introduction of freshmen students in Ashford University.
St. Conrad: famous dark mage known for doing great things for his vendetta.
Craig Derwen, Professor: Professor in Ashford University, light mage.
Crow Hill: mining town in Caerland, Dana’s hometown.
Crow Hill Repair and Machining shop: Dana’s father’s business.
Dana Bedwen: dark arall, student of Alchemy.
Ecton: Capital city of Kalmar.
Ecton Women's College: Women’s university in Ecton, where Dana’s grandma studied.
Edward Greggs, Captain: Dana’s employer, who works for the Intelligence Corps.
El-Araki, General: a dark mage who lead an insurrection in Yllam. Dana’s biological father.
Finister islands: islands to the west of Kalmar, formerly populated by pirates. Now a state of Kalmar.
Floyd Fund: the fund that gave Dana her scholarship.
Floyd Trust Competition: the competition Dana won for her alchemy scholarship.
Forg island: a tiny island north of Yllam, where archeological excavations were held.
History of the Third Kingdom: an important book on Yllam’s history.
Intelligence Corps: intelligence section of the Army, dedicated to Kalmar’s magical defense.
Intercultural and Interpersonal Relations Department, IAIRD: the light magic department.
Jack Taylor, Detective: police Detective, Dana’s former boyfriend and current boyfriend. 
Joe: Dana’s friend, her alchemy classmate.
Kalmar Kingdom: Kalmar’s previous historical formation.
Kalmar Republic: Kalmar’s official name.
King Alfred: One of the historical kings of Kalmar.
Leopard: the model of the fast train.
Lion Inn: pub and hotel, where Major Craen is staying. 
Lorenzio Gwern: light mage who attacked Dana.
Magic through the Kingdoms: an important book on Yllam magical history.
Magical Tribunal: magical jury that judges magical crimes. Traditionally, mages of the opposite polarity judge, as one of the ways dark mages and light mages counterbalance each other.
Mandate of Flowers, the: the book of the history of the Yllamese emperor’s family.
Mervin Craen, Major: member of the Intelligence Corps. Pretends to be a gendarmerie Lieutenant.
Mike: Dana’s youngest brother.
Onnen, Doctor: Healer, light mage, who cured Dana after she was burned.
Reform Edict: the law that started the reformation of the Inquisition.
Reformation: political process, the loss of power by the Inquisition.
Road of the Black Lily, the: the history of the current Yllamese imperial dynasty.
Royal Princess Farah: the daughter of the previous Emperor of Yllam, Dana’s biological mother.
Sean Bedwen: Dana’s father. He adopted his wife’s name when he married.
Source of Darkness: according to legend, the source that changes light magic to dark magic.
Tommy: Dana’s brother’s friend, a dark arall.
Willhelm Bedwen, Billie: Dana’s uncle, whose mind was damaged by 
Yllamese Cultural Relations Department: legal department, that studies Yllamese law and culture.

