








THE RYSTARR SAGA

THE WEAPONS OF POWER

BOOK ONE

THE ARBALEST OF GAMALIEL

J.R. AND J.R. THORPE




This is a work of fiction. The characters, names, incidents, and places are products of the authors’ imaginations and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to events or persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the authors.

Text copyright © 2021
By Jennifer Oneal and Jonathan Thorpe

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior permission of the copyright owner. 

ISBN: 978-1-7366331-0-6
ISBN: 978-1-7366331-1-3
ISBN: 978-1-7366331-2-0

Cover Art by Zain Korejo




INTRODUCTION

THE ONE AND THE THREE


In the beginning there was Qadan, the One. How he came to be is neither known nor recorded. It was many ages past, as mortals recognize time, that Qadan, God of Gods, sired three children, two sons and a daughter. Legends hold the God had become all he could and either had to evolve in his power or divide it in some way. Of course, what is well known, he chose the latter.
And so, the three Greaters, or the Triplets, as they are sometimes called, came into being just minutes apart. Although they are siblings in the truest sense, they could not be more different from each other in both appearance and demeanor.
 Ragnar was the first-born son. He most often appeared as a great strong man with long blond hair and beard to match, preferring to garb himself in whites, golds, and silvers. He was always surrounded by a silvery sheened aura which radiated his power. Ragnar believed in justice for all at all times and would go out of his way to ensure that all received a fair shot at long and happy existences.
  Gamaliel, the second born and the only daughter of Qadan, would most often choose the form of a beautiful, middle-aged woman, although as one of the Greaters, she could assume any form she desired. She usually appeared dressed as a scholarly type in flowing robes in various shades of browns with shoulder-length dark hair. Gamaliel, being the matriarch of wisdom and learning, imparted knowledge to those seeking it. She was, most often, surrounded by an aura of soft glowing white which seemed to flow out from her head to encompass her entire being.
  Maalik, the third born, took great delight in changing his form and appearance as often as he changed his fickle mind. His favorite form was that of a great strong younger man dressed in full black plate armor. In this guise he never revealed his face, always remaining encased in the armor. His other favorite was a man of average build with some definite otherworldly features, black metallic skin, and amethyst eyes. In this form, Maalik would dress in flowing onyx robes, matching his long ebony hair and beard, giving the definite impression of being a magi of considerable power. Regardless of which form he chose to be in, Maalik was always surrounded by a dark and foreboding aura which gave anyone around him a sense of uneasiness. He would always choose to ‘bless’ those around him with the ‘enlightenment’ of his direct power and as far as he was concerned, all would benefit by submitting to this power. Of course, the reality of the situation was that the only one who benefitted was Maalik himself, which undoubtedly was the way he preferred it to be.
  Qadan was proud of the three children he created, watching them grow every day in power. Then it came to pass as many eons went by the Three grew weary of the way things were, gathering together in a rare moment of unity, the Three approached their father, beseeching him. The Triplets desired more and Qadan, seeing this, decided the time had come to grant his children their wish. And so the world, known as Rystarr, came into being. Along with Rystarr, known as the Material Plane, the One created an entire multiverse, including home planes for each of his children. As a source of light, the God of Gods also created the Darksun, a vast orb which is split down the center, one half being dark and the other half light. The Darksun sits in the hollowed-out center of the world and day and night occur as Rystarr revolves around it.
  Once created, Rystarr was left to its own devices and through the next several millennia countless species of flora and fauna came into existence and thrived. Thus, also came into being all the mortal and mythical races of Rystarr, gaining in intelligence and independence.
  And Rystarr carried on for several more millennia when Qadan realized that these new mortal and immortal races needed something or someone else to guide them in their existences. So, after much consideration and without discussing it with his three children, the One created the Lesser Gods. Twenty-four in number, both male and female, Qadan gave each of them areas of responsibility with regards to life on the Material Plane of Rystarr.
  The Three, seeing what their father had done and not wishing to be left out of matters on Rystarr, created children of their own. Ragnar produced a son, whom he called Aradeen. Gamaliel created twins, a son, Aidric and a daughter, Jaeron. Lastly, Maalik created a son he named Makani. Each of these four children of the Greaters had ample power but fell short of that belonging to the Lessers, for it was said there was something missing in their creation. Despite their best efforts, the three Greaters just could not match their father’s deed. When the Triplets presented their children to their father, Qadan refused to grant them their own spheres of responsibility on Rystarr. The Greaters, upon hearing this, broke into an uncontrollable rage. So great was their anger and disappointment, the skies of Rystarr raged with storms, the seas boiled and the ground shook while the great Darksun unleashed its power upon the world, causing a colossal sunbolt to shoot forth. The utter destruction caused by this sunbolt was total and complete. The very geography of the world was changed and nearly all life was extinguished. 
When Qadan saw the results of what his Greater children’s wrath had caused, he was both furious and dismayed. Confronting the Triplets, The One bound his children, kneeling them before him and from his seat of judgement, condemned the Three. Qadan declared that henceforth the catastrophe they had brought forth, which came to be known as The Bursting, would revisit itself upon the world every millennia. It would be their responsibility to stop it from occurring or their children would share in the world’s fate. Indeed as well, not only would their children share the fate of Rystarr, but they would also share the fate of their parents, for it would be up to them to assist in preventing the Darksun from unleashing its power in the future. Qadan said he did not care how they did it, the only stipulation was they could not involve their children or the Lesser Gods in directly stopping the calamity. Having made this decree to the Greaters, Qadan, still dismayed by his children’s actions, separated himself from the multiverse and all else he had created and went into hiding, his whereabouts still unknown to this day.
Over the course of a few centuries, the Triplets became more and more distraught over the destruction they had caused, with the possible exception of Maalik, and the absence of their father was taking its toll. To stop the Darksun from unleashing its fury upon the world, the Three decided they would each create a vessel that would hold enough of their beings and essence, which would later become known as the weapons of power. These would then be entrusted in their children’s care. Realizing that these vessels held such power, they were hidden away, lest they fell into the wrong hands. Their intention was that when the time came for their need, the right persons would then be guided to where they resided and if they had proven worthy, the three items would then be handed over. With their father gone and also knowing their presence in the world could lead to someone prematurely finding their resting places, the three Greaters decided to remove themselves and went into a self-proclaimed exile. It is said Maalik protested this action as it was obvious he intended to use the fact their father was no longer around to impose his will upon the multiverse. However, he could not withstand the combined will of his siblings and so, reluctantly, he joined them in their exile. Although not before he was able to impart partial knowledge of the three vessels of power to the Lesser God, Arrôz, who had become an ardent follower of Maalik.
  Only twice before had The Bursting occurred since that fateful time of the three Greaters wrath when the calamitous cycle began and as our story begins, the time approaches yet again in the year 8-2998.
PROLOGUE

When Qadan created the Lessers, he so brought forth the Circle of Eternity. The Circle, a neutral ground where the Gods may gather together and parley without the concern of disrupting the peace, which some of them have fought for so long to keep. As long as the Lessers continued to abide by the rules Qadan had established when the Circle was created and kept the ground neutral, all would be well between them. In the histories, it is said to be the holiest place in the entire multiverse. A large, open circular shaped chamber with no walls or doors, the Circle of Eternity appeared to be floating on air, everything above, below and beyond is cast in pure darkness. It is made up of twelve individual eight foot tall stone archways and in its center sat a towering green tree next to a great stone altar.
  As Bronn, the God of War entered, the air was thick with tension. His gray eyes looked from left to right, taking everything in as he mentally acknowledged the presence of his brothers and sisters. He was not surprised by how few were in attendance. Rarely has a general summons been called. In fact the last time one went out was a millennia ago for the very same reason they were there today. Scrubbing a hand through his shoulder length light brown hair, he felt the definite air of uneasiness emanating from those present but Bronn noted that all those who would share his concerns were there, as well as several who would be unsure. One notable absence was his twin, Koron, the God of Malice. “Typical.” Bronn muttered under his breath as he moved to the stone altar where all would be able to observe and hear him. “Greetings, my brothers and sisters.” He began as a way to get started. “It is good to see so many of my siblings together in one place, although I deeply regret the circumstances which have brought us together.”
  “What exactly are the circumstances?” Asked Aquas, the God of Waters, rather impatiently, echoing the thoughts of many of those present. Wearing light blue robes, his obsidian hair was a stark contrast to his sapphire eyes. “There has not been a general summons in many years.”
  “Yes, what in the seven levels of Faustus is this all about?” Added Qismat, the God of Magic, his long white mustache puffing out with every other word.
  “Please, brothers. If you would just give me a moment I will explain what I know.” Bronn responded. Giving the others time to collect themselves, he continued, “Let me start by saying that those of you here share my concern and love for all we have created and nurtured through the ages.” He noted many of the Gods present had nodded their heads. “And in answering the summons, you also must realize something paramount is about to take place.” Again, Bronn saw positive responses from most. “I have received a vision from the One and I can tell you with some degree of certainty…” He paused for just a moment, taking a deep breath, and exhaling. “It is about to happen again… that which the three weapons were created to prevent is going to occur again sometime in the near future.”
  As the magnitude of what Bronn just disclosed sank in, all began shouting and speaking at once. “Are you certain of this?” Shouted Sartan, the God of the Light, loud enough to be heard over the din caused by all the others. “If this was going to happen, then I would certainly know of it.” The God truly seemed concerned, for his fair brows furrowed over pale blue eyes.
  Sartan was not alone, as many of the others shouted their agreement with the God of the Light. What he said made perfect sense. If the Darksun was indeed about to unleash its power once again upon Rystarr, he, being the God of the Light would be forewarned.
  “Silence!” Shouted Bronn, attempting to restore order. “We must have calm if we are going to continue.” He took a deep breath and continued. “Now then, Sartan, in answer to your question, honestly I do not know why you, or even Syrus, were not forewarned and the only thing I do know about the cause is what little I was shown in my vision, which was not much.”
  “Well by all means tell us what you saw, brother.” Syrus, the Goddess of the Dark sardonically said as she casually folded her arms. Syrus never attempted to hide her arrogance. She was the exact opposite of her brother, Sartan, with long dark hair that matched the hue of her eyes.
  Bronn had to look away from her quickly for it was like gazing into two black holes. He cleared his throat and proceeded to tell the others of his vision. “I saw the Darksun unleashing its power through one incredible sunbolt. I watched as it struck Rystarr, consuming all.”
  “That is it? That is what you saw?” Rumathil, the Lord of the Saints responded, snow white hair with a long beard and mustache stood out against brown skin which matched the same dark shade of his robes. “I would say your vision gets us nowhere.” 
  “Agreed! Agreed!” Shouted several of the others. “It tells us nothing.”
  “No.” Bronn replied. “That was just the beginning.” The God of War sighed deeply. “I saw the Plane of Faery as it fell.” Bronn looked at Allassidel, the Lord of the Angelic Host. “I watched as Celeya fell.” He then looked at Alaglossa, the Demon Queen. “I saw Tarsus fall. Valtheim. Blarth. Faustus. Ikarus. All of the planes surrounding Rystarr. I witnessed the entire multiverse fall to ruins.” The Lessers immediately began talking amongst themselves and Bronn had to quickly interject before their individual discussions got out of hand. “But there was more.” He said loudly. The Circle of Eternity became quiet once again. “I saw the Darksun and in the light of it was a darker shape. It was only as the vision unfolded was I able to discern who the dark form had been.” Bronn paused for dramatic effect, making certain he had their full attention. “It was Arrôz.”
  At the revelation that the ‘dark shape’ Bronn had seen in his vision was the God of Evil, there were shouts of ‘nonsense’ or ‘blasphemy!’ While others looked on in stunned silence.
  Allassidel stood rubbing his chin, clearly appearing to be deep in thought, his metallic golden eyes staring off into the distance. After it quieted down a bit, he turned to face Bronn, his massive white wings lightly brushing the floor. “If what you say is true, and I for one see no reason to doubt it is not, then we must deal with the Dark One immediately.”
  “I agree.” Added Sartan, his long blond hair sweeping into his face as the God of the Light stood abruptly. “I will not allow any other to interfere with that which is my responsibility.”
  Syrus cleared her throat as she too rose to stand. “Clearly you have forgotten, my dear brother, the Darksun is not only your responsibility but mine as well.” The Goddess of the Dark coldly stated as she moved to stand beside her twin. “Or has it slipped your mind that half of the massive orb is shrouded in darkness? My half.”
  “I have not forgotten, sister.” Sartan replied through clenched teeth. There was a time, many ages ago, when his twin sister’s cruelty had broken his heart but Sartan eventually learned to accept it. Just as she had learned to accept the kindness in him.
  “This is all well and good.” Alestra, the Goddess of Wisdom interjected. She was not only beautiful with her dark olive skin and large, dark eyes which had seen much in her long years, but Alestra was also perhaps the wisest among them all. “I will remind you all that vision or no vision, we are prohibited from taking direct action against another of us… Arrôz included.”
  “I am well aware of our oath.” Bronn stated, flatly. “Though it is plainly obvious, that unless you choose to discount my vision, we must act and do something or all will end.”
  “I suppose I will be the one who brings to your attention what you all seem to have forgotten.” Said Borin, the God of the Mountains and Dwarves, who was indeed a Dwarf himself. He stood next to the altar smoking a large pipe while the smoke from it swirled around his long thick brown hair, the same color as his mustache and braided beard which fell halfway down his chest. Unlike most of the other Gods who were dressed casually in robes, Borin always chose to wear intricately detailed, bronze armor. He glanced around at the other Lessers when he continued. “Have you forgotten Qadan’s curse? Arrôz cannot even leave his Black Citadal.”
  The ‘curse’ which Borin was referring to occurred eons ago. It was well known amongst the Gods that it was impossible to kill one of their own, in fact, the Sceptre of Maalik was the only weapon ever created powerful enough to accomplish such a feat. Arrôz proved them all wrong by killing the God of Tyranny and the God of Slaughter and by doing so, he absorbed both of their strengths and powers, making him equal to one of the Greaters. It is unknown how the God of Evil had accomplished these awful deeds and to this very day, the Lessers refuse to discuss it. Qadan very easily could have destroyed Arrôz, which according to the God of Gods, would have been too easy. Instead, The One cursed him, making it so Arrôz was unable to leave his Black Citadal in physical form.
  “I for one have not forgotten the curse.” Stated Tha’Lanil, the God of the Woodlands and Elves as he adjusted his leather jerkin. He bore the look of a Wild Elf with his long dark hair and stunning green eyes, a sharp contrast against his golden tan skin. “Arrôz is where he deserves to be but the curse does not keep his followers at bay…his son and daughter. They will do anything for him…including discovering a way to break Qadan’s curse.”
  “You are saying there is a way to break this curse?” Sir Arandron, the God of Justice and Chivalry asked. He was another who always dressed as if he were ready for battle, wearing shining silver full plate mail with his weapon of choice, a magical great sword, sheathed at his hip. Brilliant blue eyes stood out against thick dark lashes the same shade as his hair which he kept cut close and a neatly trimmed beard and mustache. Sir Arandron was not the only one who gave Tha’Lanil their undivided attention at his remark.
  The elven God shook his head. “I am not saying I know this for certain, brother. But any curse can eventually be broken and Arrôz has had thousands of years to search for a way to make this happen. All I am saying is, I would not put it past him to do so.”
  The Circle of Eternity erupted once again as the Lessers broke out in heated discussions with one another. After a few moments, Voron, the God of the Beasts, growled loudly, quieting everyone down and all eyes turned to the enormous God whose disheveled looks set him apart from the other Lessers. He glanced around at each of them through hazel eyes partially hidden from long shaggy auburn hair. Voron scratched the day-old growth on his chin before his spoke, his voice deep. “I for one do not believe this so-called vision for one reason. Why would The One give such a vision to the God of War?” Bronn noticed several of the others were nodding their heads. “The rest of you can do what you choose. I, however, will not commit to a rash course of action against another of us based on a crazy dream had by the God of War!” Voron turned to leave the Circle but stopped just short of the exit. “Sister.” He said, without turning back around. “Do you intend to stay and listen to a fool’s errand?”
  Voron’s twin sister, Vor, the Goddess of the Sky and Beasts of the Air, stood up. The stocky female had the same hazel eyes and auburn hair as her brother, which she wore decorated with many colorful feathers. “No brother, I believe I have heard enough.”
  “As have I.” Replied a gaunt looking God with a shaved head, wearing long black robes with purple lining. His eyes resembled two pieces of obsidian, volcanic glass. His followers had many names for him but the Lessers know him as Marlokk, the God of Death.
  Vor and Marlokk moved to follow Voron out of the Circle when Rumathil and Borin turned to join them. “Borin, please. Not you too.” Bronn pleaded, his eyes showing distress.
  “I am sorry, brother.” Borin replied. “Truly I am. I just cannot understand why Qadan would send the warning to you, the God of War. If it were one of us, would you not question it yourself? Does not Sartan or Syrus seem the likely choice?” Bronn only nodded in response. “If I am wrong then I will be the first to come to you with an apology.” After that, he turned and the five of them walked out of the Circle of Eternity.
  “That leaves twelve remaining.” Bronn leaned back against the Tree of Power and closed his eyes, taking a quiet moment to himself. The sound of someone clearing their throat caused him to open his eyes and the God of War heaved a heavy sigh, collecting himself. “Well, where there were once many, now there are only but a few.” He said and then looked at Alaglossa, the Lady of Demonkind, narrowing his gray eyes. “You have been exceptionally quiet today.”
  “The better to listen and take it all in, brother.” She replied with a touch of haughtiness. Alaglossa stared at Bronn with blood red eyes and a smirk on her face. Almost all of the Lessers thought highly of themselves but the Lady of Demonkind never held back when it came to arrogance.
  “I am almost surprised you did not leave with the others.” Bronn stated.
  Alaglossa adjusted her crimson robes and answered, “What, and miss all the fun? I would not dream of it.”
  “May we continue please?” Asked Sandrella, the Goddess of Nature, her normally warm blue eyes had gone cold with irritation. “I would rather not be present if you two decide now is the time to start bickering.”
 “Very well.” Bronn said and glanced around at those who stayed behind. “By remaining here, I assume you all have chosen to believe at least some of my vision to be true or at the very least I am not completely insane.”
  “Let us not get ahead of ourselves.” Qismat said. “I have yet to make up my mind about the validity of your vision, though I do not believe in taking chances when all of creation is on the line.”
  “Here! Here!” Sir Arandron said. “I have also not yet decided if I believe your vision in its entirety. However, I feel as if it is better to weigh on the side of caution.” 
  “Well said brothers.” Alaglossa said and Bronn was pretty sure the word ‘brothers’ was said with as much sarcasm as she could muster.
  “I understand.” Bronn said, ignoring the Demon Queen’s comment. “Some of you, or perhaps all of you, remain unconvinced. That is fair. But be that as it may, since you have remained when the others left, I assume it is safe to say you share at least a small part of my concern.” He looked around and waited to see if anyone objected to what he had said and seeing that none of them spoke up, Bronn continued, “Now, we must decide what course of action to take.”
  “What can we do?” Sartan interjected. “If what you saw in your vision is correct then the calamity of the sunbolt is somehow intertwined with Arrôz. Even if he were to somehow break Qadan’s curse, we cannot take action against Arrôz ourselves.”
  Aquas sighed deeply and added, “And I am certain if we were to question him directly, we would most definitely not get any form of the truth from him.” Several of the others added their agreement to the God of the Waters statement.
  The conversation continued on in this manner for quite some time without any of them able to offer a reasonable solution to the problem at hand. Bronn had been standing in the background, quietly listening to the discussion in general for a while without really contributing to the conversation. Something was rolling around in his mind which might be the answer to their dilemma. 
Allassidel, realizing Bronn had not been participating in the general banter, spoke up, “Bronn?” When the God of War did not respond, but instead, appeared to be deep in thought, Allassidel spoke again, this time his voice roared like thunder, “BRONN!” At that, everyone quieted down instantly and turned to look first at the Lord of the Angelic Host and then at Bronn.
  Bronn, coming out of his introspective pondering, looked up at Allassidel, resigned. “Yes?” He quietly said.
  Allassidel was rather surprised by such a sheepish response from Bronn and he let it be known he was not pleased. “Yes? Yes? That is your response?” Without giving him a chance reply, the Angel continued, his impatience clearly visible, “You call out a summons with word of this ‘vision’ which describes a massive sunbolt laying the multiverse in ruins. Not to mention Arrôz seeking a way to break his curse and possibly take over the world and rather than joining in our discussion to find a solution, you completely withdraw into yourself?” By the time he finished speaking, flames of anger danced in Allassidel’s golden eyes. 
  “Yes, but…” Bronn tried to reply, however, Allassidel was determined to get his point across and would not be interrupted.
  “Now…” The Lord of the Angelic Host said, trying to calm his anger. “You appeared to be deep in thought. Is there anything you have to offer which would help with these dilemmas?”
  “I would also like to hear what your suggestions would be.” Alestra said. “It was after all, you who was given this vision.”
  “As we all would like to hear, I am sure.” Qismat added.
  “Oh, yes, by all means, Bronn.” Syrus responded with a smirk. The God of War noted at that moment her haughtiness seemed to be right up there with the Demon Queen’s. “Please enlighten us.”
  Bronn looked around the Circle from one God to another and seeing they had quieted down and he had everyone’s attention, he spoke, “Very well, you are correct, I was given the vision and I will be very honest with all of you, I have been wondering myself why it was disclosed to me.” He blew out a breath. “I still cannot be certain why Qadan chose me but as I stood here listening to the discussion and pondering the problems inherent of handling with the details of my so-called vision, something occurred to me.” Bronn paused. “It is a well-known fact to all of us Lessers that most of us, if not all, have sired demigod offspring on Rystarr, as well as various planes of the multiverse. And it is also true that up to this point in their lives we have chosen not to be involved and to not disclose to them their true ancestry.” He stopped and looked at Allassidel. Bronn knew the Lord of the Angelic Host remained a large part of his children’s lives as well as Lady Vaylerus, the Goddess of Undeath, whose rebirth of her now four-year-old son is well known amongst the Lessers. “Well… perhaps I should say the majority of us. But I believe the time has come to change this.” Here he stopped to let the depth of his words sink in. What Bronn was suggesting was unprecedented. The others stood, seemingly shocked into silence.
  Alestra was the one who finally spoke up. “Half a moment if you will. Bronn, are you suggesting what I think you are? That those of us who have bore children of the mortals, and I certainly am not saying I have, should disclose their heritage to them only to send them up against Arrôz?”
  “No, not exactly.” The God of War responded, noticing half of the Lessers looked appalled by what he was proposing while the other half appeared to be deep in thought about the potential solution they were seeking. “What I am suggesting is, yes, we do disclose their heritage to them but we most decidedly do not send them up against Arrôz. Not directly anyways.”
  “What exactly are you getting at here?” Said Alaglossa and Bronn could see most were asking the same question by the nods of heads.
  Before he responded to her question, Bronn fixed the Demon Queen with an icy stare. There was always conflict between the two of them. “What I am ‘getting at’, as you so put it, is we do not send them directly against Arrôz, as this would surely lead to their destruction, but rather we use our offspring to recover the weapons and thus bring about the return of the Greaters to Rystarr.” He looked around at the others, now seeing the sudden realization come over them as they thought it over. “And of course, the Three along with the weapons of power have the ability to stabilize the Darksun as well as put a stop to Arrôz and whatever his plans may be.”
  “Assuming Arrôz does indeed discover a way to break the curse and leave his Black Citadal.” Sandrella added.
  “On the subject of Arrôz, it is best to always assume.” Qismat stated, his inquisitive eyes staring out from thick round glasses.
  “I must say, your plan has potential.” Tha’Lanil said and most all of the others voiced their agreement.
  “I am not entirely convinced something like this would work.” Alaglossa said.
  Bronn shook his head, his irritation rising. “Well then, sister…” He threw as much sarcasm into the word as he could muster. “We are all breathlessly awaiting to hear what course of action you would suggest.” He stared at her expectantly. Alaglossa returned his cold stare for a few painfully long moments.
  After a time, Qismat spoke up. “I for one believe this is not only the best solution but it is also the only potential solution there is.” He paused, gauging the reaction of the circle. 
“But let us not forget we sent others to stop the Bursting before, a millennia ago.” Tha’Lanil said. “Which ended in partial destruction of Rystarr.”
Sartan gave a nod. “Yes, the group of humans.”
“Right, humans who had no special strengths or abilities.” Bronn replied. “Although if you remember correctly, the group of mortals we sent out two millennia’s ago were successful in locating the weapons. If Qadan had not forbade us of conceiving children with mortals in the first place, we may have been able to stop the last one. But he left us…” He sighed deeply. “We are speaking of our children, brothers. Our blood runs through their veins. Even the youngest of them would be powerful.”
  Qismat nodded. “Yes, this is true.” He said. “Of course, the only possible issue of going with this plan is whether or not there are enough of them to serve our purpose.”
  At that statement, some of the Lessers exchanged rather sheepish glances which made Bronn laugh inside. “Even Gods can get embarrassed by such things.” He mused to himself, the ghost of a smile playing at his lips. “I think I can assure you, Qismat, between us here we have enough demigod children to fulfill our purpose. I have sired two sons myself and I know you yourself have brought forth a son as well.” Seeing that the God of Magic did not respond with even a raised eyebrow, Bronn continued, “I also know that Sir Arandron, Alestra and Tha’Lanil have all sired demigod children, is this not true?”
  Sir Arandron turned a surprise look toward Bronn. “Yes, it is true. Although, it is not one of the things I am most proud. Not my son, mind. I have been proud of him since I first laid eyes on him. But there are certain… events before his birth which are…” His words trailed off as he became deep in his thoughts and realizing a moment later that he had gained all the others attention, Sir Arandron cast his eyes elsewhere. “I would rather not discuss it, if you do not mind.”
  Bronn waved a dismissing hand. “Of course.” His eyes searched out. “Tha’Lanil and Alestra, what say you?”
  “Aye.” The Goddess of Wisdom responded. “I have a daughter. A human. She is young still but wise beyond her years and will prove a valuable asset.”
  “And I have a daughter as well.” Tha’Lanil replied, his brows furrowed. “A stubborn Wild Elf as her mother was but honorable and trustworthy none the less.”
  “That makes six.” Aquas stated. “I myself have never sired any children, so I am afraid I have nothing to offer you in that respect. But it would be an honor if you would allow me to assist in other ways, brother.”
  “Certainly.” Bronn replied. “Whatever you can offer up would be most appreciated, Aquas.” He turned and looked first at Lady Vaylerus and then at Allassidel before he said, “Is there anything the two of you would like to say to the others? I fear it is not my place.”
  “Aye.” The Goddess of Undeath replied, being the first word she spoke since their meeting began. The Lady Vaylerus was not one for words, preferring to keep to the background, listening. Her lithe form rose gracefully, dark as coal robes rustling with movement. She raised a boney alabaster hand to her almost gaunt cheekbones pulling back her meticulously cut black hair. “I will speak with my son. He will join this quest.” Her startingly white eyes seemed to gleam with untold secrets as she spoke.
  “And Bronn is aware but perhaps the rest of you are not…” Allassidel voiced, bringing Bronn’s attention back to The Lord of the Angelic Host. “I too have off-spring, though not from a mortal. A son and a daughter, although at this time I would not trust my son on a mission such as this.” There was sadness in his golden eyes for a brief moment before he added, “As for my daughter, it would truly be my honor to have her included in the quest for the holy weapons.”
  Bronn nodded his appreciation at both Allassidel and The Lady Vaylerus before he said, “My reckoning is we would need at least ten or eleven demigod to achieve success. If any of you others have a child, now is the time to speak up.” Bronn’s words hung heavy in the air and permeated the silence.
  Alaglossa sighed deeply and her lips curled in a snarl. “I have a son born to me by a… mortal, I suppose.” Her next words were spoken with such a show of sarcasm that even Syrus would have a difficult time competing with. “And it would be my honor to have him along on this noble undertaking.”
  “Again, with the derision.” Bronn mumbled under his breath and then responded to her in kind, “Well, I am sure I speak for the others when I say it is we who would be honored to have the Demon Queen’s son along on this noble undertaking.” Bronn moved closer to her and added, “But be warned, Alaglossa, if you send him along to be a worthy member of this quest, then we will truly be honored. However, if you decide to send him along for some demented purpose of your own, he will be dealt with accordingly.”
  When Bronn was finished speaking, Alaglossa held his icy stare for a good while. She smirked and finally said, “I am sure I do not know what you are saying. I am simply concerned for the future of Rystarr.”
  “There were no children born from mortals for myself or Syrus.” Sartan said, and Bronn, who still stared at Alaglossa, turned his gaze on the God of the Light. “But I am certain I speak for the both of us when I say we will help in any possible way we can.” He turned and looked at Syrus. “Am I correct, sister?”
  “Certainly, brother.” The Goddess of the Dark replied with a sly smile. “I would be happy to assist.”
  Bronn could not tell if she was mocking him or not but he nodded in appreciation and turned to look at the last one who had yet to speak up, the Goddess of Nature. “Sandrella?”
  Sandrella took a moment to reply, for she seemed to be fighting some inner battle with herself. “Yes… I have a son. Though I did not bare him from a mortal, and he is not from Rystarr. He is… different… special.”
  Bronn nodded. “As I am certain all of our offspring are.”
  “Of course.” The Goddess of Nature answered and then added, “Well then, we have our ten.”
  “Now all which remains is to set them on their way.” Bronn muttered and looked at the God of Magic. “Qismat, I will require your assistance with that.”
  “Certainly.” He replied with a nod which just about swept the pointed hat right off of his head.
  Qismat and Bronn stayed behind while the other Lessers departed the Circle of Eternity. The God of War explained to the other God what he had in mind and the two of them went to work, deciding on the best approach to summon the half-Gods.

†

  It was hours later when Qismat left and Bronn stood standing alone in the Circle, pondering the future. “Well, for better or worse.” He mumbled. “We are set upon our way. Now all which needs to be done is for ten individuals, some of whom are about to receive the revelation they are half-God, learn to use the powers that dwell within each of them and work together to recover the holy weapons, bringing back the three Greaters.” Bronn paused a moment in thought and chuckled. “Qadan help us.” With that, he turned and walked out of the Circle of Eternity.














CHAPTER
1

The air was unseasonably cool for this time of year with sharp gusts of wind blowing off the battlements, causing Valen to momentarily lose his footing and stumble around a bit. No one was nearby to see this as it was well past midnight and yet still several hours before dawn. From where he stood, he could see the closest guard about fifty paces away and it was obvious he was absorbed in his duties, he did not even realize his Lord was so close by. For the past few days Valen had taken to wandering in the last couple of hours of the night rather than lying in bed, unable to sleep. For the past three nights had been the same, first the enjoyable attention of his consort, Solara, then drifting off into a deep sleep. And then the dream. The same dream all three nights and all ending with the same results. He had awakened after the dream each night, heart pounding, drenched in sweat and wide awake. Tonight was no exception.
What does it mean? He thought to himself. He had dreams before, of course, all mortals do, but never this vivid. This real. Solara, being a mage of no small power, would call it a vision, if he shared it with her, which he had not. In fact, he had not told anyone about it. Valen was never one to put much stock in the meaning of dreams, despite the beliefs of his consort, but this one was different. This one was so vivid and real it was difficult to ignore. In fact, it was these very qualities which caused Valen to not discuss it with anyone. It was obvious to him something else was at work here and he decided, after the second night, to keep it to himself until he had a better understanding of it.
The dream would always begin with him standing on the battlements of his great fortress, looking up and seeing the first rays of the Darksun. Then, the vast orb would begin to change, the color changing from its normal bright yellow-gold to a bright red. Accompanying this alteration were bolts which would lash out from the Darksun and strike the world with tremendous devastation. As he gazed into the west, all the while this destruction continuing, Valen would see a massive army approach on the horizon. At its lead was a demonic form armed with three great weapons, a mace, a javelin, and a crossbow. The demonic form seemed to be wielding all three weapons at once, even though it had only two arms and other human-like features. This massive army caused great destruction to all in its wake until eventually it stood at the bastions of Jwarl Avignon, Valen’s stronghold. At this point in the dream, the demonic figure directed his army and untold demolition was unleashed upon his home and Valen appeared completely impotent, unable to do anything to prevent this from occurring. 
Finally, while he was fruitlessly trying to save his domain, a figure appeared to him. Dressed in full armor from head to toe, although unlike a man, this form was surrounded by an aura of bright light that seemingly froze time. The figure scanned around at all the devastation and shook its head. It then turned back to Valen and with a deep voice which seemed to shake the world, it said, “What are you going to do about this? You, and others like you, have the power to prevent this from happening.” It looked at the demonic being and then went on. “And you also have the power to prevent him from taking possession of the three.” The form then shook its head once again, lifted a gauntleted hand and pointed to the west. “Seek the Circle of Eternity. Others, like you, will do the same. You must act to prevent this. There is power within you, such which you do not even realize yourself yet. Do not fail me, my son.”
“My son...” Those words resonated in Valen’s mind. Who was this figure of power which appeared to him in this dream and why did he address him as such? These thoughts and indeed the entire dream haunted him continuously these past days. Valen stared into the night as he pondered the meaning of the dream, same as he had each night since. So deep in thought was he that he did not hear the footsteps approaching from behind.
For the last couple of nights Solara had noticed Valen had taken to rising in the very early hours of the morning and although she said nothing to him, this concerned her because it was so unlike him. That morning she decided to seek him out to see if she could perceive what it was which was ailing him. Solara found him standing alone on the battlements above their chamber, staring off into the cold night air. 
It took a moment for him to realize he was not alone, but then he noticed a particular perfumed scent and Valen knew his consort was there with him. “Well, my dear.” He peered off into the night. “It appears you have found me.”
Solara stepped forward until she stood by him. After a brief moment where neither of them spoke, she finally broke the silence. “My Lord, what ails thee these mornings? For it is obvious to me something weighs heavily on your mind.”
Valen gazed at her for a moment. “I am finding it difficult to stay asleep, my dear.” He said rather off-handedly.
Solara continued to regard him with a soft yet questioning look. “Is it a dream?”
“How could you possibly know that? I have told no one and said nothing.”
Now it was Solara’s turn to stare off into the night. “Our dreams give us great power and also carry with them important messages. As to how I know, call it a premonition of doom, for I too have foreseen danger of what has not yet come to pass.”
Valen continued gazing into the horizon as he considered his consort’s words. He let a few moments of silence pass between them. “It has been the same dream for many a night now and yes, it does seem to foretell doom. It also contains a message which seems clear enough, though I do not understand fully the purpose behind it.” He then decided to recount the entire dream to Solara.
When Valen finished, Solara remained quiet for some time, as if lost in thought. “My Lord, you must seek this Circle of Eternity as you were directed by this one in the dream. For it would appear you have been given a vision of the future, our future and indeed the future of all of Rystarr.” Valen shook his head in hesitation and was about to reply, but Solara spoke again. “I do not even pretend to understand the specific purpose behind this message, but I do recount our history. What you saw occurring in your dream to the Darksun has happened before, at least once in recorded history. It was about a millennia ago. For a period of a tenday it turned the skies the color of red and there was no day and no night. As well, it encased our world in tremendous heat, so much heat in fact flora of all kinds withered and died, waterways receded almost to the point of drying up and most living things, suffered greatly during the Bursting, when the Darksun unleashed its bolts of destructive power upon the land.”
Valen pondered Solara’s words. “Yes, I remember reading about it. If I recall correctly, legend has it the Gods attempted to prevent a total calamity and were to use the three weapons but failed in their endeavor.”
“Indeed. Legend does have it three weapons were involved.”
Valen rubbed his chin. “But what of this evil figure in the dream? And how is it he wields what appears to be the three weapons of legend?”
“I do not know. But he is obviously someone of great power. Neither do I know who is the one which spoke to you nor why he addressed you as ‘my son’.”
Valen leaned forward against the battlements, becoming thoughtful. Solara put her hand on his shoulder as if she could read his thoughts. He fixed her with a level look. “Tell me my dear, what would be your advice? What should I do?”
Solara thought a moment before answering. “This dream, recurring as it is, is obviously more than just a dream. It is a warning of things to come, terrible things. You have been gifted with foresight and warnings. For the sake of all of us, not just your people, but all people everywhere, you must heed the dream. You must seek this Circle of Eternity.”
Valen listened to his consort’s words, pondering all they implied. “How can I possibly leave at this time? Things are so unsettled right now.” He shook his head. “No, it is quite impossible. I am needed here.” Solara started to protest but Valen cut her off. “And I have no idea where this Circle of Eternity is or if it even truly exists. The whole notion is insane.”
“It does exist! Any that have studied the Gods are aware of it. It is where they convene to determine fates and such.”
Valen sighed. “But do you know where it is?”
Solara shook her head. “No, I do not. But I know someone who may. Warrick might very well know where it is or at least how to find it, as his knowledge of the Gods and their workings is much greater than my own.”
Valen took a sharp breath. “Very well, I will seek his advice and ponder what is to be done and then make my decision on what I will do.”
“As you deem, my Lord. For now, let us return to our bed, as I still feel the need for sleep this night.”
He gave a nod and they stepped away to return to their chamber. Watching the two of them walk away, the black cloaked figure stepped back, moving further into the darkness.

†

Early the next morning Valen was up and at his normal routines. After attending to the daily humdrum of managing his estate, he summoned Warrick to seek his advice concerning the dream which had been troubling him for some time.
Valen was sitting in his private conference chamber reviewing the figures for the harvest when there was a stately knock on the door. “Enter.” He said, before taking a sip of wine from the goblet in his hand. Through the door came Warrick, his closest Advisor. 
Tall and willowy with long black graying hair, he crossed the chamber and stepped up to where Valen was seated, bowing slightly. “My Lord, you sent for me?”
“Indeed, I did. I find myself in a situation which I would very much like your advice.”
“Of course, my Lord. My counsel is yours, as always.” Warrick replied. By the look on his Lord’s face, something was troubling him.
Valen hesitated for a moment before he began. “Well, for the last several nights I have been plagued by the same dream... unlike any other dream, there is… foreboding.” As Valen spoke, Warrick’s expression shifted to a focused determination. 
“Please continue, my Lord. Tell me of this dream.”
Valen motioned to an empty chair across from him and Warrick sat, smoothing his dark green robes. After refilling his goblet and pouring one for his Advisor, Valen began.
Warrick listened intently as Valen relayed the details of his dream. When finished, Valen looked at him expectantly but did not speak. Warrick leaned back in his seat and folded his hands beneath his chin, deeply pondering his lord’s words.
After a few moments of silence, Valen straightened. “Tell me, my friend. What are your thoughts?”
Warrick took a deep breath before answering, considering his response carefully. “Well my Lord, if not for certain… details, I would simply write it off as a recurring dream, which are not uncommon.” He paused briefly, then continued. “However, I can tell you with certainty the Circle of Eternity most definitely exists. For those able to see it, it stands on an island in the center of Crystal Lake.”
Valen stared at him questioningly and could not help but ask, “But what is it and what is it doing in my dreams?” Warrick opened his mouth to respond, but Valen cut him off. “Who is the armored figure speaking to me and what did he mean by ‘the power to prevent this’?” Warrick shrugged, but again, Valen went on, “and who are these others like me and what does it imply?”
“My Lord!” The Advisor interrupted, voice raised in impatience. Valen, suddenly silent, glared at him. Warrick took a deep breath, regaining his calm composure. “My Lord, I do not and cannot profess to know exactly what the details of your dream signify. However, I can tell you it is my deepest belief that you have been sent a message of some importance.”
Valen slumped back in his chair and took a long sip of wine. He returned his goblet to the table with a sigh. “So, what would be your advice then? If this message is of import as you say.”
Warrick gave his question some thought. “Well, I think you may owe it to yourself, and indeed, from the sound of your dream, to the rest of us to go there and discover for yourself whether your dream speaks truth or not.”
Valen pressed his palms to his temples in contemplation. After a few moments he dragged them down his face in resignation, then eyed Warrick. “So, it is your belief this dream could possibly be a portent or omen of some kind? Perhaps a glimpse of something yet to come? Does that about size it up?”
The other man gazed up at the ceiling in thought. After several long seconds, he finally said, “Yes, my Lord. I believe that to be a strong possibility.”
Valen considered for a moment then made up his mind. “Very well. I trust your advice above all others. If you believe it to be worthwhile, then I will travel to Crystal Lake to see if I can find this Circle of Eternity and find these others who are supposedly… like me.”
The Advisor gave Valen a nod. “Very well, my Lord. Is there anything I can do to assist you in preparing for the journey?”
Valen seemed lost in thought but after a moment he turned to his advisor. “Please be so good as to let Varus know of our plans. Tell him I wish all to be ready for me to depart at dawn tomorrow. He will know what to do.”
“Very good, my Lord.” Warrick moved to depart but before leaving he turned back. “Should I prepare an escort sir?”
Valen regarded him thoughtfully. “No need. I will make this journey alone. I believe it is intended that I do.”
“As you wish, my Lord.” Warrick stepped out, leaving Valen as he closed the door behind him.
Having left his Lord alone with his thoughts, Warrick found himself alone in the corridor. He smiled to himself as he quietly mumbled, “And so it begins.”

†

Valen rose before dawn the following morning, having said his goodbyes to Solara. He found his squire, Varus in the stables, securing a pack to his horse for the journey.
Varus glanced up from his work, seeing his Lord enter. “Everything is just about ready, my Lord.” Although he was young, just approaching his nineteenth year, Varus seemed to have wisdom beyond his years.
“Very good, lad.” Valen ran his eyes over the gear and supplies which his squire had prepared. As usual everything appeared complete and in order. Varus was nothing if not meticulous in his work. He smiled at the young man. “Now, I am counting on you to keep an eye on things around here for me while I am gone.”
“You can count on me, Lord!” Varus replied enthusiastically. He seemed on the verge of speaking again, but hesitated.
Valen noticed the change come over him. “Something on your mind, Varus?”
Varus shifted uncomfortably before responding. “Umm... not really sir, well, maybe, yes, actually there is something, my Lord. I am just not certain it is my place to say anything or not. It is probably nothing anyways.”
“Varus! What is it? Speak freely.”
The boy took a deep breath, appearing to calm down some and nodded. “Well, my Lord, I happened to be on the west parapet early yesterday morning before dawn. I noticed you, my Lord, were there with Lady Solara. Not wanting to intrude I hung back, so as to not impose on your privacy.”
Valen cleared his throat. “Yes, well, I was having trouble sleeping and wanted some fresh air and the Lady Solara found me there.” The squire seemed a little flustered as if he really did not want to continue speaking and Valen took notice of this. “Varus, I really need to be off. If there is something you wish to tell me, then just tell me lad.”
Varus took another deep breath, letting out a soft sigh. “My Lord, I noticed that after you and the Lady left the parapet a figure stepped out of the shadows nearby to where you were standing.”
Valen looked up at him with a start. “Maybe a guard on his rounds? I am certain it was nothing.”
“Which is what I thought at first as well sir. But then as the figure stepped into the light of the Darksun I noticed who it was.”
“Yes? Well, who was it?” Valen asked expectedly. The boy hesitated once again, so he prodded him further. “Tell me who it was lad. It is alright, just tell me.”
“Very well, my Lord.” Varus swallowed hard, his heart pounding. “It was Master Warrick, my Lord and he was dressed in black.”
Valen seemed a little surprised by this revelation. “I am sure there is a perfectly good explanation for this Varus.” He paused for a moment, thinking. “Yes, I am certain there is nothing to this, son.”
“Yes, my Lord.” Varus moved to leave, but halting suddenly, he turned back to face his master. “But sir, the other strange thing is that being curious, I waited and watched him for a few minutes and, well...”
“Well what? What did you see which has you so concerned?” Valen was beginning to lose his patience by this point. Varus looked to be trembling. Seeing the lad was obviously troubled by whatever it was he saw, Valen tried to calm him down a bit by putting his hands gently on the squire’s shoulders. “It is alright, lad. Just tell me what you saw.”
 Varus regained his composure. “Well sir, it seemed as if, after you left the parapet, he cast some sort of spell. There was a small flash of light and then he appeared to be speaking into something which he held in his hand. I could not make out what it was.” Varus let out a deep sigh.
Valen listened and thought for a moment before responding. “Master Warrick is known to be a minor practitioner of the arcane arts, is he not Varus?”
“Yes, my Lord.”
“Is it not possible you just saw him performing some personal business of no general import?”
The boy gave a nod. “Yes, my Lord. That is a possibility I suppose, but...”
“Never mind the ‘buts’ Varus.” Valen interrupted him. “I appreciate your concern and letting me know.” He smiled. “Now, I have to be getting underway here. I have a long way to travel this day.”
Varus knew at that point their conversation was over. “Very good, my Lord. I will leave you then sir.”
“Thank you, Varus.” Valen looked the boy in the eye. “For everything.” Varus bowed to his lord and turned to leave. Valen watched the boy as he disappeared into the stable yard, then turned to grab the reins of his horse. He led the mount from the stall and into the pre-dawn air. Making his way toward the gates, Valen could not help thinking about what his squire had said. Warrick? Nonsense, he thought. He soon found himself facing the gates to the keep. He slid his left foot into the stirrup and swung his right leg over the horse, settling into the saddle. He suddenly felt a cold shiver run down his spine as he peered through the gates, looming in the darkness.
Varus watched after Valen as he rode out of the gates, a small smile forming across his mouth as he quietly whispered, “And so it begins.”

‡

The city of Jovian Falls was full of activity, as was its usual. Tarakis was standing in the shadows near the entrance to his favorite Inn, The Rabid Ferret, where he usually started his days. He had spent most of his life in the city, at least as long as he could remember, since he was orphaned out at a very young age. He had no memory of any family and his earliest memories were of him rooting through the alleys of Jovian Falls, searching for food in the waste bins of various establishments. Having no other means of getting by, he turned to the one thing which he excelled at, thievery, and he had been practicing his skills ever since, eventually achieving master level. This, however, had gotten him into direct conflict with the local Thieves’ Guild, which he refused to join. So, he found himself avoiding locations under the guild’s protection, only targeting places and persons which were not. These were becoming fewer and farther between and as a result he was having a difficult time making a profit from his endeavors.
From his vantage point at the Inn he could watch the traffic passing to and fro along the riverfront, seeking out possible targets. As he watched, sizing up each person who passed by, he saw a very well dressed, slightly older man pass him. He had several bulging pouches on his belt and the only weapons he appeared to be carrying was a small knife.
“Ah, my first customer.” Tarakis quietly said as he smiled to himself.
He allowed the man to travel twenty-five paces or so ahead of him before he slowly started to follow behind. If the man had any idea he was being followed, he did not show it as he continued to walk non-chalantly down the riverfront road. Tarakis slowly closed the distance between them until he was about ten paces behind the man and was nearly ready to make his move when all of a sudden, the man turned to the left and went down a very narrow alley. It caught Tarakis by surprise because that particular alley did not lead anywhere, but only ended fifty paces ahead in a dead end.
Did he know I was behind him? Tarakis thought to himself. If he did, he showed no indication.
The Rogue hesitated for a moment, but then decided to follow the man down the alley. He did so, however, hiding in the shadows as best he could. He moved to the entrance so he could get a look down it and was surprised to find there was no sign of the man anywhere.
His first thought was, he is hiding, but as he looked closer at the alley, Tarakis saw there was nothing he could have possibly hidden behind.
So, he went through a door then, were his next thoughts, but again, when he looked closer, he saw there were no doors in the alley. “Alright, so he vanished into thin air.” Tarakis quietly said with a chuckle. Stepping out of the shadows, he walked down the length of the alley until he was ten paces to the end. There he stopped, scratching his head as he scanned all around while trying to figure out what had happened to the man.
Eventually he shrugged and was just about to turn to leave when suddenly, a voice from behind him said, “Were you looking for me? What a coincidence, I was looking for you as well.” There was something odd sounding about the voice, for it sounded almost hollow.
The voice took Tarakis by complete surprise and caused him to whip around while instinctively reaching for his weapons. What he saw caused him to start a bit, for standing, at least he thought it was standing, it may have been floating, in front of him was the man he followed up the alley, though he was different now. He appeared to have a slight luminescent glow about him.
“Forget your weapons.” The man said. “You do not need them.”
Tarakis hesitated for a moment but eventually dropped his hands away from his weapons. He could not help but stare at the man before him, not understanding of what was occurring, but after a few moments he managed to compose himself. “Who or… what are you?”
The man, or Spector, or whatever it may be, was pondering Tarakis for a few seconds and then with the same hollow sounding voice it spoke with before, said, “Who I am is unimportant.” He paused for a second before continuing, “However, what I have to say to you is of extreme importance to you as well as to the world.”
Tarakis could barely contain his disbelief at the last statement. “Well, that is unbelievable! Extremely important to me and the world, huh? I do not know what to say, except, what in the seven levels of Faustus are you and what are you talking about?”
The Spector appeared to ignore the sarcasm. “Consider me a figment of your subconscious sent by one with an intimate interest in you to deliver this message and warning. Do not take it lightly! OR ALL WILL SUFFER!”
That actually made Tarakis take a step or two back and shake his head, still in somewhat disbelief. “What is this message then?”
The Spector seemed to peer off into the distance as it replied, “You must leave this very day and journey to the eastern shore of Crystal Lake.” He paused as the Rogue stared at him incredulously, the Spector, however, went on, “There you will meet others like yourself and all will be explained.”
Tarakis stared, unblinkingly, at the Spector and eventually could not help but let out a laugh. “Oh, is that all? Just pick up and leave today to journey to Crystal Lake and meet others like me?” He paused as well and then added, “And of course, all will be explained.” If he was waiting for a response from the Spector none was forthcoming. “Are you totally crazy? I am not going anywhere!” He paced around in a tight circle a couple of times. “Give me one damn good reason why I should listen to you and do what you say.”
The Spector stared at him for a moment and then gazed off into the distance once again for a few brief seconds before then turning back to Tarakis. “Because it is the wish and will of your mother.” The Spector then began to dissipate into thin air right in front of him.
The Rogue was struck dumbfounded by the Spector’s last statement, but seeing it was disappearing, he quickly composed himself. “Wait! My mother! What are you talking about? She is dead!” But it was of no use, for the Spector said nothing else as it completely vanished.
He stood there for quite a while longer trying to figure out what had just happened and after a time, Tarakis decided to return to the Inn, the encounter with the Spector having taken the desire to practice his skills out of his mind for the time being. So many thoughts were going through his head but none more so than the reference to his mother which it had made.
“I do not understand it.” He whispered to himself. “My mother has been gone for years.” I am not even certain how long it has been. The last part was just a thought in his mind.
After a short walk, he arrived back at the Inn. As was typical, there was quite a crowd in the common room and the noise level was pretty loud. Tarakis took a seat at one of the few empty tables and ordered an ale from a passing Barmaid. After a few minutes, he had his ale and was sitting quietly drinking it while he continued to think about the strange encounter he had earlier. Should he heed what the Spector had told him? He was inclined to completely disregard it except for the reference to his mother’s wish. That alone was enough to make him consider doing what the Spector told him. The part about being extremely important to him and the world did not move him to action as much. What do I owe the world? He thought to himself. He had pretty much made up his mind to disregard what he was told he had to do when he could not help but overhear a conversation going on at the bar.
The Barkeep was having a conversation with what appeared to be a sailor. The part which caught his attention was when the sailor mentioned he was going to be heading south that very day down through Lake Leopold, Crystal Lake and then on to the South Kingdom. Tarakis did not really pay attention to the rest of the conversation because he suddenly felt the urge to actually make the journey. He could not explain it, but he felt compelled. Was it just a coincidence that right at that particular time he happened to overhear a sailor specifically talking about sailing through Crystal Lake? He could not be sure, but it seemed to him like providence or was it something else?
He sat there drinking his ale while thinking about what he would do when he noticed the sailor was preparing to leave the Inn. At that point, the Rogue made a decision, he would make the journey, if for no other reason than to just find out what was meant by ‘his mother’s will’. He downed the remainder of his ale and followed the sailor to secure passage to Crystal Lake.

‡

Bartok, Advisor to the Southern King, Varandan the second, sat at his desk in his chambers, pondering over his predicament. He was aware of what needed to be done but was trying to decide of the best way to accomplish it. He had the face of a man with authority, always set with a serious expression with long salt and pepper hair and light blue eyes. Bartok smoothed out his dark blue robes and steepled his fingers as he leaned back in his chair, contemplating the situation.
After nearly an hour with his thoughts, the Advisor gave a smile which did not reach his eyes. He blew out the candle sitting on his desk and rose to retire to his bedchambers.
Rising at dawn the next day, Bartok made his way toward his King’s council chamber. He found the usual amount of guards posted about outside the door and upon seeing the Advisor, they immediately announced his arrival to His Majesty.
He stepped inside, finding King Varandan sitting in his plush highbacked chair at the head of the long table in the center of the room. “My King.” He said with a bow.
Varandan glanced up from an assortment of papers in front of him, his light gray eyes looking over the other man. “Bartok, I was not expecting you. Were we to have council this morn?”
“No, Your Majesty. We were not scheduled. But there was something I wished to discuss with you if you have the time.”
The King stared down at the papers he had been skimming over and unconsciously scrubbed at his short beard, the same color as his shoulder-length blond hair. “Very well. I need some time away from all these messages and inquiries anyways. I have been staring at them for too long I fear my eyes will pop from my skull.” He gestured to a chair. “Take a seat.”
“Thank you, Your Majesty.” The Advisor came forward and took the chair to the left of his king.
“What is it you wish to discuss?”
He adjusted his robes, Bartok had decided on wearing gray today to go with his mood. He eyed him and gave a sly grin. “Truth is, there is not really anything I wish to discuss. I am actually here because I need something from you.” The King’s eyes grew wide and before he had a chance to respond, Bartok quietly spoke words of magic which set Varandan into a trance. The Advisor leaned in closer. “Now… here is what I need you to do.”
Outside the council chambers, the door opened ten minutes later, revealing the King and his Advisor. “As always, thank you for your council, Bartok.” Varandan said with a smile.
“My pleasure, Your Majesty.” He bowed before stepping away, knowing his work there was done.
The King turned to the closest guard. “I need Sir Tavannos of the Royal Army and the Royal Archmage Airrak brought to me at once.”
“Right away, my King.” The guard replied with a bow and rushed off to follow out his orders.

†

Sir Tavannos treaded down the long hall of the lower level of the castle, his full plate mail making a heavy clatter as he went. His helm was in the crook of his arm, gray eyes staring straight ahead as he walked. He turned the corner, reaching the enormous dark wooden doors of the Great Hall.
“Tavannos, my friend.” Came a voice from a far corner.
The Knight raised his eyes at the familiar smooth voice. Wearing red robes, shorter than himself by a couple heads and shoulder length hair that had grown gray. “Airrak.” Sir Tavannos said with a grin. “Have you been summoned to His Majesty as well, old friend?”
“Indeed I have.” Airrak stepped out from the shadowed corner, his light brown eyes gleamed as he regarded Sir Tavannos. The magical staff tapped lightly against the marble floor as he came to stand beside his silver haired friend.
“Do you know what it concerns?”
Airrak stroked his neatly trimmed gray speckled beard as he spoke. “No, I do not. I…”
His words were cut off when the large double doors suddenly swung open. “His Majesty will see you both now.” A guard stated and allowed them entry into the Great Hall.
King Varandan was on the dais, seated on his ornately carved wooden throne. After entering, Sir Tavannos and Airrak both greeted their King with a bow and stood before him.
“Thank you for coming.” The King said. “I am aware my summons was sent rather hastily.”
“Not at all, my King.” The Knight replied with a slight bow.
Airrak stood straighter. “We are here to serve, Your Majesty.”
“Very good, I…” Varandan quieted and stared straight ahead for several long seconds. He blinked and glanced around in confusion. “I… I am sending the both of you on assignment. It is… it is imperative you travel together.”
“Of course, Your Majesty.” The Mage replied. “What does this assignment entail?”
“You…” The King frowned in confusion. “You are to travel to… to Crystal Lake. It is vital you travel together.”
The Knight noted Airrak’s slight frown from the corner of his eye and gave him a questioning look. He returned his attention to his King. “Yes, my Lord. At once.”
Varandan’s lips parted as he seemingly stared through the two men, his words almost seemed forced as he spoke. “I have no details for you other than there is… there is something of great importance there which the both of you must… must delve into.” He quieted again, staring off across the Great Hall. “You will depart come the new dawn. Be certain to leave together.” Varandan repeated and as if waking from a dream his eyes focused once more and he smiled as he regarded his two subjects. “The Gods be with you both. You may go now and make your arrangements.”
Sir Tavannos and Airrak bowed deeply and departed without another word. A sense of uneasiness crept up the Knight’s spine as Airrak turned to him once in the halls.
“There is something amiss here.” The Mage hissed, light brown eyes darting toward the King’s throne room before Airrak turned and began walking down the long corridor. Sir Tavannos followed in step.
“I will agree to that. Perhaps he is just under the weather.”
Airrak grabbed ahold of the Knight’s arm, pulling him to a stop. “Tavannos, my friend. He insisted we travel together three times within five minutes.”
The Knight nodded. “I did take notice of that.” He paused in thought. “Like I said, perhaps he is just under the weather.” He began walking once again with Airrak by his side. “No matter, you heard our King, we have arrangements to make.”
“Yes, for it appears we are traveling to Crystal Lake… together.”

‡

Under City, located deep underneath the Gray Mountains, was the dwelling place of the undead. The dark, cold, and damp streets were lined with towering stone structures, monstrous in size, intricately ornate, though slightly rundown. Pointed arches, thick walls and tall spires with flying buttresses swept around each structure. Crudely carved statues of gargoyles in permanent grotesque stares looked down across the asymmetrical city. Here the undead walked freely amongst the gray, monochrome streets where they thrived in the never ending darkness.
The largest structure sat in the center of the city, the cathedral. Enormous with towering spires and ornate stonework, embellished colonnades, and ribbed vaults. The cathedral was where the undead worshipped, a place dedicated to the Lady Vaylerus, Goddess of Undeath.
Szarzekk found himself in the cathedral quite often as of late, praying to his mother, the Goddess. He assumed the foreign feeling he had been experiencing was what was called uneasiness. Deep in the core of his undead mind there was little memory there. His rebirth had stripped him of most of his human memories and left a static chamber of peaceful emptiness. So Szarzekk bowed his head deep as he prayed before the large altar, for what he did not know.
Near him the undead milled around aimlessly, some like him, with their heads down and others stared off into the dark void, mouths wide in a silent scream. They paid him no heed, lost in the nothingness of their minds, and he to them.
It took Szarzekk awhile to realize how eerily quiet it had suddenly become. He came to his feet and scanned around the structure, seeing that he was for the first time, alone in the cathedral. 
“I bid you greetings, my son.” A calm, feminine voice soft as silk said from behind.
Szarzekk turned, going down on one knee before his mother, the Lady Vaylerus. “My Queen.”
The Goddess lowered the hood of her charcoal gray cloak, revealing creamy white skin and unnaturally sharp cheekbones. She gazed at him with milky white eyes, a stark contrast against her obsidian hair. “Rise, my son, for I do not have long.”
The Undead Warrior straightened at once and looked down upon his Queen through the ancient helm he wore.
“I have a task for you, Szarzekk.”
“I am your servant, my Queen.” He said, placing a gauntleted hand atop his breastplate.
The Goddess traced a boney finger along the jaw of his helm. “You always were my favorite.” She spoke with affection in her tone. The Lady Vaylerus then paused a moment, becoming deep in thought. “It is of the utmost importance for you to travel to Crystal Lake.”
Szarzekk shifted his stance. “Crystal Lake, my Queen?”
“Yes, the eastern shores to be exact. You will find others there on the same quest as you and you will work with them if at all possible. The very world could depend upon this journey and what you find there.” She paused as her milky eyes drifted over him. “Would that I could tell you more, son, but I have been bound. The rest, you must discover for yourself.”
“I will do as you command.” He said with a bow.
The Goddess of Undeath smiled, the action pulling the taut skin around her face. “I cannot be certain what this journey will lead you to, but I am at ease knowing you are involved and whatever is to come forth, you, my son, will do whatever must be done.”
Szarzekk lifted his head high. “I only live again to serve you, my Queen. I will do as you say. You have my word.”
“Good. These new… emotions you have been experiencing as of late, you are correct, they are unease, for you are sensing a deep foreboding. All shall be explained to you in time.” The Goddess raised her hood back over her head. “Now, ready your steed. You will depart within the hour. And my son, take heed. When the time comes, you will know whom to trust.”
The Undead Warrior went down again on one knee, bowing his head. “Yes, my Queen.” When he lifted his head, the Lady Vaylerus was gone.
CHAPTER
2

She awoken soaked from sweat. It was the fourth night in a row Xilton had the same recurring dream. They always began peaceful, with her sitting down for supper with a family she never before met, in a small town she had never before been to. A woman was just serving her a bowl of creamed peas when suddenly, screams erupted throughout the town as an eerie darkness settled in, the sky turning crimson. Thunderclaps echoed across the countryside as the seven levels of Faustus rained down, shooting droplets of fire everywhere.
Xilton could hear a high-pitched shrieking in the distance, the sound growing intense by the second. She peered up at the sky from where she stood at the window, watching in terror as a massive bolt of bright yellow light plummeted to the ground. In that instant was when Xilton always awoken, her body shuddering and dripping from sweat.
She turned on her side, shivering in her sweat soaked bedclothes while she calmed her raging heart and collected her thoughts, unconsciously fingering the silver medallion around her neck. The memories of the dream weighed heavy on her mind as Xilton laid awake on her cot until the tower bells finally chimed at dawn, marking an end to another restless night.
She arose and prepared to start another day of prayers and lessons, as well as her responsibilities of the chores she performed. This, Xilton had done every day since she could remember as her service to the Monastery of Saint Chandler’s.
By mid-afternoon she was walking around in a fog, with a feeling as if the weight of the world were sitting upon her shoulders. Xilton had just learnt her beloved friend, Brother Tomas, departed the Monastery during the night, having decided he no longer had faith after three and thirty years in service. The older monk’s sudden departure left her stunned, for it was just one of many odd occurrences which have come to pass as of late.
Someone took hold of her hand, squeezing it tightly. Xilton shook her head, clearing it from the daze she let herself fall into, not realizing she was walking through the Monastery gardens until just that moment when an old blind woman had taken her hand. 
She appeared frail and was petite in size, wearing worn robes of pale gray and her white hair was long, trailing to the middle of her back. “You have received messages child.” The woman uttered. “It is imperative they not be ignored.”
Xilton stared in shock at the stranger’s milky white eyes. “How... how do you know this?”
“Go to Pembrook.” Was her only reply before she let go of her hand and moved away.
Xilton stood rooted to the ground while her thoughts carried her through her dreams where she remembered hearing the name of Pembrook. Moments later, her mind came back to the garden and gone was the old woman. Xilton began searching frantically the Monastery grounds, inquiring about her visitor with every brown robed monk she saw along the way, though none of them appeared to have ever even noticed the blind woman. In that moment, Xilton became convinced there were higher powers at work. She turned, changing her direction as she made her way towards the Abbot’s chambers.

‡

The crack of thunder echoed across the dark sky, rattling the walls of the large bedchamber. Darius sat up in his bed, startled out of a deep slumber. As the room began shaking, he rushed to one of the many windows throughout the chamber, grabbing ahold of anything he could to stay upright. Looking out, he watched in horror as dark red lightning flashed across the pitch sky with electrical streaks branching out, resembling veins with blood running through them.
The shaking in the room intensified. Wide cracks formed throughout the walls and pieces of stone broke off and came tumbling to the floor with each loud crash. Darius stood by as a window shattered open, sending shards of glass in all directions. An eerie sensation suddenly came over him and he turned in place. Standing a few feet from the now open window, Darius’ eyes peered directly up at the Darksun and his heart pounded when he saw it was now fully encased in a blood red hue.
“You have the power to help stop the Bursting, my son.” A deep, otherworldly voice said from behind. He turned and peered into the gray eyes of Bronn, the God of War. Darius stumbled back, taking a deep breath as he stood speechlessly surveying the God. He was tall, standing eye to eye with him, his mighty form encased in silver plate. A sudden breeze coming in through the window ruffled the Gods light brown hair and his eyes shifted, taking in the sight of the chamber before coming back to rest on Darius. “There are others. You must travel to Pembrook.”
Their eyes stayed locked for a moment before red lightning burst throughout the chamber, blinding Darius. His hands reached out, grabbing hold of a nearby dresser to steady himself. It took several long moments before his sight returned and once he could finally see clearly through the lone candle burning on the dresser beside him, Bronn was gone, and his bedchamber appeared as it was before.
Darius peered at the window, finding the glass intact before he then made his way over to his bed, lighting another candle on the table beside it. He brushed a shaky hand through his tousled hair. “Have I gone mad?” He muttered to himself and sat for quite a while, collecting his thoughts until he finally ceased shaking and trusted that his legs could support him. Standing, Darius walked back to the window and looked down at the castle grounds. The torches were alight as guards milled around their posts. A dream, perhaps, he thought.
Darius sighed. He knew sleep would not come again for him that night. Tossing a handful of oak logs onto the now ember fireplace, he sat for a moment deep in thought. He reached across the wooden table for a piece of parchment and charcoal, leaning back. Almost unconsciously, his hand moved to recite the God’s parting word, “Pembrook,” he spoke barely above a whisper as if in fear the mighty God would appear any moment. Leaning toward the growing fire, Darius lifted the parchment, watching as it slowly took flame before releasing it. An affirmation, of sorts, he would go. But first, Darius thought, I need a drink.

‡

“I will take this stack; you take the other.” Shadowhawk said to the male elf at her side as she filled her arms with wood for a fire.
The other elf raised a brow and grinned. “Are you certain you cannot take more, D’ae Feon? You left me only three pieces to carry.”
Shadowhawk smiled. “I will allow you some of mine, Lanithier, if it will make you feel better.”
The male elf raised his hands in defeat. “No, I am not complaining.” He began picking up the measly pile of wood. “I think you are stronger than me.”
Shadowhawk was thoughtful for a time, her expression becoming serious. “Do you speak of in body? Because I believe my will is questionable.”
The two of them began moving through the thick forest, collecting more wood as they made their way toward their village. “You are still having thoughts to travel north.”
“They are more than just thoughts.” Shadowhawk stated with a look of confusion. She looked up through the trees at the Darksun. Light cast by the immense orb shot bursts of rays down through the foliage and for reasons unknown to her, Shadowhawk shivered. “It is more of a desire. An urge if you will. Whatever it is, it is unexplainable.”
“And you have not spoken to Avonliel of this?” Lanithier asked.
She breathed deeply. “I have not.”
“This you must do. She will know if there is more to it. Perhaps make the unexplainable explainable to you.”
She knew her friend was right and she should speak with her Queen but it concerned Shadowhawk of what would be revealed through the conversation. With Avonliel having the foresight, sometimes it was not easy speaking with her. Though Shadowhawk knew she was only prolonging the inevitable. She smiled and said, “As always, you are correct, Lanithier. I will speak with her.”
That evening, She entered her Queen’s chambers, finding Avonliel sitting on her highbacked chair appearing as if she had been expecting her. “Come sit with me, D’ae Feon.” She said, gesturing at an empty chair beside her.
Shadowhawk stepped across the large room, her soft boots creating little noise as she moved. Taking the offered seat beside her Queen, she could not help but keep her eyes diverted, casting them down at her hands.
Avonliel reached over and placed her hand under the younger elf’s chin, raising her head until she met her eyes, which were a replica of her own. “D’ae Feon, your insight is pure and true. You must trust it.”
Shadowhawk peered at her with surprise. “You are aware of what I am feeling?”
“I am.”
She shook her head. “I do not know what it means.”
Avonliel smiled and took hold of her hand. “Do not fret. I will tell you where to go, child.”
“I do not want to leave the village.” Shadowhawk replied, becoming instantly defensive. “You will have me go out there... alone?”
Avonliel gave her a caring smile. “Some things, D’ae Feon you must do on your own. Though you will not be alone for long.”
Her eyes narrowed. “What do you mean?”
The Queen released her hand and sat straighter in her chair. “I am not yet certain, though you know my words are true.” A few silent moments passed between them before she spoke again. “Faelyn will leave shortly with five others for Jovian Falls. You will travel with them to the city and from there you will separate.”
Shadowhawk’s voice cracked when she quietly asked, “And travel where?”
“Pembrook.”

‡

Kai’las took his goblet of wine with him while he wandered away from the celebration, having grown bored with it. Like every year on his father’s nameday, it began early, and he knew it would carry on into the night. He took the walkway through the gardens past the fruit trees and cherry blossoms, moving farther away from the enormous mansion as evening approached.
While he walked, his pale cloudy green eyes drifted around at the breathtaking scene surrounding him. The landscape was full of vibrant colors from flowers and exotic greenery and the two moon aqua sky fluttered with majestic birds and colorful butterflies. Kai’las truly loved his home, though he did not like being there often.
He crossed the bridge over the small creek and came to rest beside it. Pulling off his leather boots, he pulled up the cuffs on his leather breeches and dipped his feet into the water. Kai’las laid back and closed his eyes, his decent into a meditative state, when he felt a slight vibration coming from the ground beneath him. Opening his eyes, he looked around noticing instantly the winged creatures of the air had all disappeared. His heart raced and as Kai’las began to stand, the trembling grew worse, becoming a thrashing so violent he was thrown back to the ground.
His brows furrowed in confusion. “Mother? Are you here?” He asked, but his question was met with deafening silence. Kai’las’ eyes trailed off to the mountain on the horizon and his breath caught. A fountain of hot lava exploded from its peak, shooting up beyond the white clouds. He scrubbed a hand down his face, muttering words in a musical language, for he was certain volcanos did not exist in his land.
Gurgling sounds came up from the creek in front of him and Kai’las stood quickly, backing up several feet. He witnessed as the water instantly turned red and bubbles began breaking the surface, steam drifting upward, as the liquid in the creek boiled over onto the deep green grass.
Kai’las glanced around him at his countryside and prepared to return home to alert his father when it darkened suddenly and all that surrounded him became encased in a crimson hue. He looked above at a blood red sky, his eyes going wide. When drops of fire began raining down, Kai’las waved a hand, enclosing himself in a protective shield while he watched his beautiful home melt away.
“For the love of the Gods.” He uttered as he looked up, an enormous bolt of pure yellow light streamed the sky toward him. Kai’las closed his eyes, preparing for impact, though to his relief, nothing happened. When he opened his eyes once again, he found himself lying as he had been before with his feet dipped in the creek. The birds and butterflies flew all around him and all was as it should be.
Kai’las immediately sat up, his eyes flickering with a prism of colors as he muttered, “It is coming.”

‡

Stepping to the top of the low bank, Darius cast his intense blue eyes in the distance as the small town of Pembrook came into view. Since the darker side of the Darksun had yet to take over the sky, there was still plenty of daylight left for him to witness the many townspeople out rushing about as they finished up daily chores. 
He took a deep breath. At last he had arrived, after over a long month of travel. Due to the urgency of the matter, he left Andoria in a hurry, carrying with him only a travelers pack containing just a few items and what he did not bring with him, Darius purchased along the way. The only clothing he required were on his back, worn studded brown leather armor topped by a black cloak with two long swords sitting comfortably at his hips. At five and thirty, he was an experienced Warrior whose name was widely known in all the Twin Kingdoms, though Darius was not feeling too confident at the present moment. Not since that night. His swords could do nothing for him that night. He took a minute to slip the flask of whiskey from his pack, taking a long swallow of the warm liquid. “Pembrook.” Darius muttered, wiping a dirty hand across his mouth. “What is so special about you?” 
The weather was cool for harvest, and it certainly kept the people busy, for there must have been over a hundred of them out running about. Darius’ mind wandered as he watched them rushing to and fro. Pembrook was a small town, so if there were close to the same amount of people indoors as he was seeing outdoors, he had no idea where they all resided. His eyes narrowed as he noticed another detail about the townsfolk as he stepped further into the town, they were all dressed in outdated clothing. It was not something Darius would normally give any thought to, but it was incredibly outdated, eons old.
His eyes scanned around as he walked, a habit he always had. Perhaps it was the years of service to the Kingsguard that made him suspicious, but no, he was always that way. The structures of the town were set up in straight lines on each side of the street. The entire town consisted of fifty odd dwellings, which included homes and businesses, almost all primitive and material.
He made it to the edge of town, turning to circle back only to stop midway in when the sounds of music and laughter drew his attention. Darius looked up at the dwelling, taking notice of a sign hanging in front of the establishment which read ‘The Happy Piper’. He gave a nod. “A good place to start as any.”
The moment he stepped into the large common area; Darius felt it. A prickling on the back of his neck and the sensation of being pulled towards something or someone but there were far too many people in the establishment, it was difficult to pinpoint the source drawing him. The appearance of the common room looked as if it belonged in another time long ago. The exquisite carved wooden tables and chairs which were scattered throughout, Darius was certain he had never seen anything even remotely similar, given the fact he had been in plenty of common rooms and taverns stretched all across Rystarr. To the left, farther back, a wide wooden staircase led to the Inn’s upstairs rental rooms. A fire burned on the far side of the tavern in a massive fireplace large enough for a grown man to stand in and the smell of chicken pie filled the air. At the very center of the room, on an extremely small platform, a musician strummed a stringed instrument Darius had never seen the likes of before.
A short round woman stood to his immediate left behind a long counter. When he took notice of her, the woman gave him a wide, crooked grin. “Welcome to the Happy Piper, han’sum.”
He inclined his head, stepping to the counter. “Are you the Innkeeper here?”
“I am.” The woman replied and then added, “My name is Mistress Hallmar but you can call me Mag. You look as though you have been traveling a ways.” She picked up a rag and proceeded to wipe off the counter in front of him. It was not dirty but he assumed she was doing it to keep busy. “Can I get you a pint of ale to quench your thirst, han’sum?”
Darius’ eyes drifted across the room before he took a seat on one of the tall stools in front of the counter, his large frame sliding right onto it. “I would welcome a mug of ale... and a shot of whiskey.”
The Innkeeper gave him a smile and passed him the ale first, speaking while she poured his small jigger of whiskey. “Are you in town by yourself or you meeting someone?”
Darius eyed her, feeling the Innkeep already knew what his answer would be. He downed the whiskey, setting the empty glass gently on the counter. “I am meeting someone.” He drew the words out slowly. “Any news of outsiders?”
“Aye.” She gestured with her head to a dark-haired woman sitting alone at a corner table off to the far side of the room. “Just came in about a day ago. She has been a pretty quiet one. Sat there throughout the day as if she were waiting on someone... or a few someones.”
Darius stood and reached into his pouch, pulling out a gold coin and setting it on the counter. “Gratitude.” He picked up his mug and turned to step away only to be stopped when the woman spoke up again.
“If you decide you are in need of a room for the night, come see me.” She picked up the coin as he inclined his head and stepped away.
Darius walked halfway across the common area when the sensation he felt upon first entering the establishment began growing stronger. The woman must have felt it as well, for she immediately looked up from the book she had been reading and locked eyes with him. She was an attractive woman, though young, with long dark raven hair pulled back in a high tail and a slight tilt to her dark eyes. By the time Darius reached the table, he had already recognized her as a monk of Saint Chandler’s Monastery, identifying the stalking tiger symbol on the sleeveless tunic she wore.
“Greetings.” The woman said.
 Darius motioned at the empty chair beside her. “May I?”
“Please do.” The Monk voiced, watching him drop his pack on the floor before taking his chair. “I am Xilton Taregan.”
He reached an arm out and said, “Call me Darius.”
“Darius.” She took his forearm, clasping it firmly. Darius noted Xilton also bore the symbols of her monastery on each inner forearm. “I had started to wonder if others would come.” She said, staring at him. Having been confined to the Monastery for the most part of her life, Xilton did not have much contact with the outside world, so she found his looks to be quite fascinating. She quickly looked away when Darius peered over at her after catching her staring at him.
Darius turned away, his eyes scanning the room. Three men sat at the front counter, conversing with one another while nine groups occupied tables throughout the room. There was a small dance floor set in the middle of the common area where four couples danced to the music of the stringed instrument. “Is it just us?”
“It is, though I pray more will come.” They were quiet for several moments while Xilton gazed across at him as he looked around. Her heart raced. She was not quite comfortable speaking with others outside of the Monastery and the monks certainly never prepared her for a journey such as this. 
Darius eyed the Monk, noticing that she seemed extremely nervous. “Does my presence make you uncomfortable, Xilton?” He asked softly.
The Monk smiled faintly. “If I am to be honest... yes... a little. But then, the circumstances of this entire situation has me a bit on edge.”
“I can understand why it would. How long have you been with Saint Chandler’s?”
Xilton’s eyes widened in surprise. “How did you know?”
Darius smiled faintly. “I travel often. I came across the Monastery many years ago. Though I am not certain if you would have been there at the time. You look quite young.”
“I am one and twenty. I grew up at the Monastery.”
A cold gust of wind drifted over the room, whipping back Darius’ hair, and blowing out the flame of the candle sitting in the middle of their table before relighting itself to just a small flicker. He turned towards the door, his eyes catching a male human and a female elf as they entered the establishment. They stopped first to speak with the Innkeeper and after a few words were exchanged between the three of them, Mistress Hallmar gestured towards their table. 
“More approach.” Darius quietly said while rubbing the sudden chill from his arms.
Xilton watched the newcomers walk to their table, looking first at the elf. She was stunning, as most elves were, having long, wavy walnut colored hair she wore pulled away from her face and deep green eyes which stood out against tan skin. Her choice of armor was brown leather decorated in a complex elven design and was topped by a dark green cloak. 
When neither of them spoke anything, the Monk took it upon herself to speak up, “Good eve. I am Xilton. Did you arrive together?”
The Elf sniffed. “Hmph. I am D’ae Feon. You may call me Shadowhawk.” Her demeanor was very regal-like with more than a touch of arrogance.
Darius eyed the two of them. “You are one of the Wild Elves, a Ranger, if I am not mistaken.” He said to Shadowhawk, who only answered with a short nod of her head. He scoffed and kicked out the empty chair across from him. “Very well, sit if you will. I am Darius.”
“Many thanks, Darius...Xilton.” The male human said, his voice having an overall calmness to it.
The man’s voice caused the Monk to take a closer look at him. Xilton wondered how it was she had not noticed him first, for never in her life had she seen a male as beautiful as he. He appeared to be in his middle to late twenties with stunning, flawless golden skin and long pale hair which flowed down to his waist. His eyes were a striking extremely pale green, an eye color she had never before seen. Xilton may have mistaken him for an elf, though he was slightly broad-shouldered, and he did not have the pointed ears of the race. He was also much too tall, standing at about six foot four. The man’s brown leather armor was incredibly noble-like, complete with shoulder pads and arm bracers, all detailed intricately with peculiar symbols and foreign writing, along with vines and leaves etched in bronze. He wore leather boots to match which came just below his knees and a dark brown cloak was draped over his arm.
After stripping himself of his travelers pack and cloak, the man set them aside, then turned to the others before taking a seat. “And I am Kai’las.” He held out his arm while an all too perfect smile lit up his eyes.
“Kai’las.” Darius said, reaching over to clasp the man’s forearm. He saw something unusual in his eyes, though he could not say what it was.
“Well met, Kai’las.” Xilton voiced, being the next to clasp his arm and her heart began racing a little faster.
Shadowhawk discarded the long bow and quiver of arrows which was strung across her back and leaned it against the wall behind their table, allowing her to remove her cloak and revealing a second weapon, a short sword, sheathed at her hip. She took the seat across from Darius. “I think perhaps this may be a waste of our time.”
“Yes, I can understand why anyone would think that.” Xilton replied. “To travel to an unknown town on impulse...so to speak.”
Darius laughed dryly. “It was not impulse which led me here.” He said, taking a swig from his mug of ale. “I am still not entirely certain that I am not insane.”
Xilton smiled. “Believe me, Darius, I thought the same, but if you experienced anything as I did, then you know there are higher powers at work here.” Her brown eyes studied him. “What brought you to Pembrook?”
Darius took a sharp breath. “Nothing good. Let the Gods reveal what they need of me.”
“Have any of you ever heard of the town of Pembrook?” Xilton asked, her eyes darting between the three of them. “I mean... before?” She added, though none of them responded. “I spoke with the monks at the Monastery and only one of them had ever heard of Pembrook. He stated he had never been here but heard it mentioned many years ago in a history tome.”
“Hmm. Interesting.” Kai’las muttered, his striking eyes appearing thoughtful.
Darius took another drink of his ale, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “I struggled with myself for a time on whether or not to actually come here. I suppose in the end curiosity won out.”
Xilton breathed deeply, adjusting in her chair. “Honestly, my feelings are... I believe we are required for something of great importance. Whatever the reason, I fear it may be vital.”
“The Bursting.” Darius muttered.
Kai’las’ eyes flew to his. “Where did you hear this word?”
Darius narrowed his eyes. “Why do you ask? Have you heard it mentioned before?”
“Well, I...”
Kai’las was interrupted when the Barmaid walked up to their table, carrying a tray with three drinks. She set a glass of wine down in front of Shadowhawk first before then giving a mug of ale each to Kai’las and Darius. Since Xilton still had most of her wine left to drink, the Barmaid did not bother to look her way. “Let me know if I can bring you anything else.”
“I do not recall ordering another.” Darius remarked.
The Barmaid turned back around and spoke with a grin. “No, you did not. Mag saw you were just about done with your first one so she asked me to bring you another. You should be pleased she has taken a liking to you.”
Darius turned towards the counter and found the Innkeeper looking his way with a wide grin on her face. “Yes.” He forced a smile and picked up his mug of ale, raising it towards the Innkeep in a toast of gratitude. “Words cannot describe how pleased I am.” He muttered, causing a chuckle to escape from Kai’las’ mouth. Darius passed the Barmaid a couple of coins.
“Gratitude, my Lord.” She said with a curtsey before stepping away.
Shadowhawk took a sip of wine. “As I said before, this is all a waste of our time.” She sneered, inducing Darius to shake his head in disgust.
“I too find this all a little disbelieving.” Xilton voiced and then added, “But I have faith in the Gods, and I am certain our purpose here will be shown to us in due time.”
Shadowhawk sniffed. “I wish I shared your faith in the Gods. I am a bit skeptical on that matter.”
Xilton continued talking despite the Elf’s negative comment. “What is odd is the sensation I feel around the three of you.” She glanced around the room to make certain she was not overheard before turning back to the others, continuing, albeit speaking quieter. “I began having this strange...feeling the closer you all came toward me.”
“As if we were drawn toward each other.” Kai’las uttered, lifting his ale to his mouth, and drinking half of it.
“Yes. Then you feel it as well. What do you suppose it is? I have never felt the likes of it before.”
“Hmph. I feel nothing.” Shadowhawk commented.
“I fear that is true, about everything.” Kai’las muttered, looking at her from the corner of his eyes and Shadowhawk began mumbling angrily in elven. 
“Likely it ties in with why we have been brought here.” Darius said, ignoring the Elf.
“Who is to say what we are waiting for, nor how long that will take? I have matters in my homeland which cannot wait long.” Shadowhawk remarked coldly.
“Then why do you not go back to your kin, Elf?” Darius sneered. “No one forced you to be here.”
Shadowhawk hissed, glaring at Darius with anger in her eyes. “You believe I was given a choice? No, I answer to my Queen. It was she who insisted I come here. So, no, there was no choice offered to me.”
Darius laughed dryly. “I can hardly believe you could be forced to do anything against your will. Queen or no Queen.” He paused. “You walked in here not even twenty minutes ago and I can already tell you are not one to be forced.”
“Do not proceed to think you know me, for you do not know me nor my people, human.”
Darius stood up so fast his chair fell backwards. “Then do as I said before and leave. Go back to your own land, Elf. I do know your kind; you think you are too noble to spend even five seconds with us humans. What happens if whatever this is, takes weeks or even months? Your presence would not be welcome in my eyes.” 
Xilton glanced over at Kai’las and saw what looked to be humor in his eyes as he emptied his mug. She decided someone needed to step in and stop them before the situation got even more out of control. She stood and looked between the two of them. “Whatever, or whomever has brought us here together is above all of us.” She firmly said. “For I believe we are needed for something grand. There is a reason we are here. Please, can we not work together to accomplish what we have been called here for?” Xilton silently thanked the monks for her years of training in the art of tranquility and meditation, giving her the patience she needed at that moment.
Darius eyed the others, ashamed with himself for losing control. It did not happen often, but sometimes he let his temper get the best of him. He took a sharp breath and turned to Shadowhawk, forcing his next words out. “Forgive me.”
The Elf glanced at him, coldly. “You are forgiven, for you were only acting as you had been taught and it should not be held against you. You are only human after all.” She was going to show this male who the better was.
Darius shook his head in disgust and scrubbed a hand through his hair. He tried, but with his pride, he would only do so much. The others watched in silence as he picked up his mug and downed the rest of his ale. When he finished, he gently set the empty mug on the table, leaving his second ale untouched, and bent to pick up his pack, all the while trying to remain as calm as possible. “Kai’las...Xilton, if you will excuse me, I am going to inquire about a room for the night. I will see you all in the morn when we can continue our conversation. Hopefully on better terms.” After that, Darius stepped away.
“That did not go well, I think.” Kai’las muttered and his eyes fell on the Elf. “Are you always this charming, D’ae Feon?”
Shadowhawk’s eyes narrowed. “You as well know nothing of me.”
His mouth raised up at the corner in a crooked grin. “Yes, I am aware. Hence my question.” The Elf turned her head, leaving his question unanswered. The next few moments were full of silence, while the three of them sat looking around the crowded common room. Kai’las let out a sigh and reached down, pulling out his smoking pipe along with a pouch of tobacco from his travelers pack. After he packed the pipe with tobacco, the other two watched out of curiosity as he gazed at the small flicker of a flame in the candle sitting on the table. His hand shifted slightly, and a larger flame sprouted up. He picked up the candle, lighting his pipe with it while the two females stared on, obviously intrigued. He then reached across the table and retrieved Darius’ untouched mug of ale and sat back in his chair, taking a long swallow. “Tell me Xilton, what do you suppose brought us here?” Kai’las was obviously oblivious of the show he had just performed for the two of them. 
Xilton gazed at him for the briefest of moments and just barely caught a flash of light crossing the man’s eyes. Not knowing if she imagined it or not, the Monk rubbed her eyes. Kai’las turned to her and gave Xilton the most mischievous smile she had ever seen.
 “Um...honestly.” She said, finally finding her voice. “I am not certain, Kai’las, though I pray we find the answer soon, or I fear some of us may lose patience.”
Shadowhawk hissed, speaking words quietly in her native language before she stood and gathered up her belongings. The Elf stormed away without another word.
Kai’las paid the Elf no heed, nodding his head at Xilton’s last remark before taking a long drag on his pipe and blowing out what appeared to be smoke in the shape of a tiny dragon. The Monk gasped and Kai’las laughed. “Parlor tricks, my friend, learnt long ago.” Setting aside his pipe, the man considered Xilton. “I take it this is not something you have seen before.”
The Monk shook her head. “I do not leave the Monastery grounds too often.” She smiled and suddenly, the realization came to her that the two of them were now sitting there alone and Xilton stood abruptly. “I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be a trying day, so perhaps I should retire for the night as well.”
“As you well.” Kai’las stood out of courtesy. “Good evening, Xilton. Till the morn.”
The Monk nodded. “Good evening.” She hurriedly picked her book up off the table, turned to him and smiled. Kai’las returned her smile with a wink before she left him to retire. His eyes followed hers until she rounded the corner and the last image in Xilton’s head as she laid down for the night was the striking glow of his inhuman eyes.

†

Darius sat up, awakening to a desperate thumping which caused his heart to race. He looked around, clearly dazed and it took him a moment to realize someone was pounding on the door. “Yes, yes. One second!” The Warrior shouted irritably as he jumped from the bed, reaching for his breeches. Darius pulled them on quickly, tripping himself and nearly falling over in the process. He rushed to the door while tying them, opening it just a crack and seeing Kai’las standing before him. “Kai’las? What are you…” He eyed the other man, suspicious of his large grin.
“Darius, come with me. You must see this.” Kai’las stopped in his excitement and reviewed Darius, taking in his dishevelment. His brows furrowed. “Were you sleeping?”
Darius frowned and opened the door the entire way. “You do not see a woman in here, do you?” He grumbled, motioning around the room. “Of course, I was sleeping. Bloody Faustus what else would I have been doing?” The bed was hard, and the walls were thin, so he heard everything which went on in the room next to him. No wonder why I am so tired, I hardly slept, he thought, brushing a hand through his tousled hair. “What is it you wish me to see?” Darius snapped.
 Kai’las arched a brow with humor gleaming in his eyes. “Someone is ill-tempered this morning. What is the matter, did you not sleep well last night?” Kai’las moved on, not waiting for a reply, and motioned with his hands for Darius to move forward. “Never mind, just... step out of the room.” Darius stood with a look of confusion spread across his face. “Come on. You can do it.” Kai’las tilted his head and grinned. “Would you like for me to hold your hand.” 
Darius chuckled. “No need to hold my hand. I will come see what has you so excited but let me dress first. I cannot very well walk around like this.” 
“I see nothing wrong with it.” He sighed and leaned against the doorway. “Go on then, but hurry.”
Darius rushed back into his room, swinging the door shut on the way in. Five minutes later, the door opened back up and the Warrior stood wearing his armor with his weapons at his sides.
“Is that the only clothing you own?”
“Asks the man wearing full leather armor himself.” Darius remarked, looking over the other man’s armor. “And expensive no doubt. The detailing. I have never seen anything like it. And I have seen enough to know it is not elven. So… you will have to tell me more of it.”
“And I will, but later. Right now, you need to step out of the room.”
Darius stepped away from the doorway as a great gust of wind swept through him. He shivered, feeling a tingling sensation from his head to his toes. His wide eyes flew to the other man’s. “What was that?” He noticed for some odd reason Kai’las appeared very delighted about whatever it was.
“The spirits of Pembrook.” The other man grinned wide. “But there is more.” He gestured for him to follow. “Come with me downstairs and I will show you.”
Darius frowned when he saw the quick quiver of light cross the man’s eyes. He rubbed the back of his neck. “The spirits of Pembrook?” He muttered. 
“Come.” Kai’las led him towards the stairs going below.
Darius’ eyes drifted over the hallway as the two of them walked through it. Broken pictures and shattered artwork lay flung about and the walls were stripped in places with old peeling wallpaper. “What is this?” Darius mumbled under his breath as they approached the case of stairs. His eyes widened in shock even more so when he saw the stairs did not appear as they had the evening before. 
The wood was cracked and splintered throughout the steps, with some of the railings missing in parts. The men started to head down to the first level, disturbing dust as they descended and jumping the remainder of the way upon reaching the lower portion where the last four steps were missing. The sight of the common room left Darius staring in wonder, for he could not believe it was the same room they sat in the evening before. Half of the entire roof was gone at the backend where their table was placed the evening before and scorch marks soiled the floor. Tables and chairs lay broken in pieces and shattered porcelain lay everywhere from broken cups and dishes. Chunks of stone from the large fireplace which had been burning just last night were broken off and strewn about the floor surrounding it. Darius got the chills once again when a breeze came through the shattered windows, ruffling torn, singed curtains. 
Darius inspected what was left of the counter where he first met Mistress Hallmar, shaking his head in confusion while he stared at all the broken pieces from it, lying scattered about the floor. “Kai’las... spirits of Pembrook you said.”
“I did.” The other man said, the corner of his mouth tipped up.
“Is it a curse? Where are all the townsfolk? The Innkeeper?” Darius muttered as he walked outside with Kai’las following silently on his heel.
Xilton and Shadowhawk were already outside, standing in the middle of the empty street, both with mirrored faces of shock and confusion. The Monk could not believe what she was, or was not, seeing. How could an entire town just lose its people and fall to ruins overnight? Xilton thought. She watched as the men stepped out of what was once The Happy Piper Inn and she rushed over to them. “Darius, Kai’las, what has happened?”
Darius shook his head. “A curse of the Gods?” He uttered, hearing the Elf hiss. “I would hardly believe it myself, if I was not seeing it with mine own eyes.”
Kai’las tilted his head to the side, as if he were hearing something further into the town. A moment later, he turned. “Come, let us walk this way.”
Pembrook was broken and appeared as though it had been deserted for eons. Every dwelling was demolished with the roofs either fully or partially collapsed in, some even missing completely, and every window shattered. Trees throughout the town were dried and dead or burnt to a crisp. Scorch marks decorated the ground as well as most of the buildings, making it appear as if the town had been struck by several bolts of lightning.
When they reached the edge of town, they halted, taking in the sight before them. Twelve, eight-foot-tall stone archways were arranged in a circle, the legs formed with a spread of eight feet as well, each one touching the archway next to it. In the center of the circle sat an eight foot by eight-foot altar, carved from the same smooth, dark stone as the archways and a magnificent tree with thick, deep green foliage. 
“This was not here when I walked through the town yesterday.” Darius spoke.
“No...” Kai’las replied. “I am certain it does not belong here.”
Xilton took a step forward. “I have seen this tree before.” Her brows furrowed in uncertainty and she glanced at the three of them. “It was in the dreams which brought me to Pembrook.”
Kai’las gazed at the circle before them, his pale eyes appearing inquisitive. With his hands slightly raised at his sides, he slowly stepped through the stone archways. He stood in the center for a moment with his eyes closed, as if he were concentrating.
“Kai’las...Kai’las...” Xilton voiced, trying to get his attention and the man’s eyes flew open, resting on the Monk. She took a step back, staring at him in confusion, for she could have sworn his eyes had glowed the colors of a prism when he first opened them, but he looked at her now, his eyes their normal cloudy green.
“Xilton?” Kai’las uttered with concern. “Are you well?”
“Uh, yes.” The Monk shook her head. “I was… I was just asking if you have ever seen a stone such as this?” She ran her hand across the smooth surface.
Kai’las angled his head, but it was Darius who answered her. “None which I have ever seen.” A peculiar stone, he thought, both beautiful and mysterious. Suddenly, Darius had an overwhelming feeling of peace. “This place is....”
“It is peaceful.” Kai’las replied, breathing deeply and Darius nodded in agreement.
“It feels...” Xilton paused, looking at the altar. “It is all familiar to me.” I have seen this all before, the Monk thought and rubbed her arms, trying to rid herself of the chill which overcame her.
“Perhaps you read of it in your Monastery. Monks are always reading, are they not?” Shadowhawk remarked.
“No, it is not that.” Xilton shook her head. “I have dreamt of it. A recurring dream.”
Suddenly, a vast darkness surrounded the circle and they could see nothing beyond its edges, generating a feeling as if they were floating on air.
“Was this in your dream as well?” Shadowhawk asked the Monk, regarding the pitch darkness. Her stomach felt as if it were tied in knots as she scanned the entire circle. Her elven eyes shot up, catching a golden light far in the distance of the immense darkness. Shadowhawk gestured towards it as it grew closer. “That resembles a... a.” 
When the others peered out to see what the Elf was referring to, they were just as stunned as she was. As the object moved closer, approaching them through the darkness at a fast rate of speed, their first instincts were to ready their weapons and they instantly became entranced by the beauty and greatness of the magical beast. Backing up, they witnessed as a young, golden dragon came in out of the pitch and landed gracefully on top of the stone altar.
“Hold your weapons.” Darius directed, sheathing his swords, and noticing Kai’las was the only one of them who had not drawn his weapon. He glanced over at Shadowhawk to make certain she heeded his advice and sheathed her weapon. “Gold dragons will not harm us.” He uttered, hearing a small snicker from Kai’las. “You find this amusing, Kai’las?”
The other man did not have the chance to answer, for the magical beast stretched out its golden wings and within seconds a burst of colors shot forth from its center, surrounding the creature. The intense light caused the four of them to turn their heads and look away. Once the light finally receded, the dragon was gone, and a golden scroll was left lying upon the altar.
A wide grin was spread across Kai’las’ face. “Very clever. This day just keeps getting better.”
Darius eyed the other man curiously. “How did you know?”
Kai’las shrugged his shoulders. “It was not difficult, if you looked close enough.”
The Warrior drew his attention back toward the altar. “At last, some answers.” Darius reached for the golden scroll. Very slowly, he carefully unrolled it while the other three gathered around him. He cleared his throat and began to read aloud: 
 Greetings and Salutations!
 The four of you must travel with all haste to the Library of the Seekers in the land of Janardan and speak with the Librarian Raith. The fate of the multiverse is in your hands. Do hurry for time is of the essence.

With all my deepest affection, 
Ravison
First Loremaster to the Lessers

“Hmm…” Kai’las mused.
Darius silently read the script over once again to himself before he rolled it up and took a deep breath. “Very secretive. This tells us nothing. I have traveled all this way for this?” He growled. 
Kai’las eyed him with a touch of humor. “I did not take you for someone who gives up so easily.”
Darius took a deep breath and gave a shake of his head. “No, I am not giving up. I will see this through.”
Xilton’s eyes lit up. “You will go then? To Janardan?”
Darius inclined his head. “Even if I go alone, I am going. Curiosity is enough to make me see it through.”
“You will not be alone.” The Monk remarked without a doubt. “Even before upon waking to the town in ruins and then this...” She motioned around to the circle where they all stood with darkness beyond. “I will not quit now.” Xilton knew her recurring dreams were messages and they were given to her for a purpose. She did not have a name for the blind woman, but she had her suspicions. She would not stop now.
Darius glanced at Kai’las. “And you?”
“I have never been one to turn down excitement. Count me in.”
Shadowhawk laughed. “Fools to be so quick to follow… what… dreams? A vague letter from someone we have never even heard of?”
Darius shook his head. “You cannot stand there and tell me you do not feel it as well, Elf. The power, the drive, urging you, pushing you. Connecting all of us.”
 “It is true I followed an urge which led me here to Pembrook, but now the only thing I feel is the urge to get home to my people. That is the only thing which is real.”
 “Shadowhawk, I…” Xilton stepped forward.
 The Elf raised her hand and cut her off with words of her own. “I do not have the time to be traveling across the countryside when I have obligations in my home.”
“Janardan is less than a week’s travel from here, D’ae Feon.” Kai’las stated. “At the very least, you should come with us to see what this Librarian has to say, then decide from there if you would like to continue on with this or not.”  
“I would also say, Shadowhawk, and I have said it before... I believe there are higher powers at work here. My feelings are what we have and are experiencing have been sent from the Gods themselves.” Xilton stated. “I am not entirely certain you can choose to ignore this.”
The Elf sniffed. “I choose what to do with my life, not the Gods.” She snapped. “They could do nothing to me if I chose not to go?” She spoke as though she did not believe any of it.
“Oh, I would not be too certain of that.” Kai’las leaned back against the massive tree and crossed his arms. “If you crossed the Gods. There is a chance you could be obliterated by a bolt of lightning or something to that effect.” Xilton gasped and he saw a look of horror in her eyes. “Fret not, Xilton, I am only joking.” He pushed off the tree and turned back to Shadowhawk. “Though obviously someone went through a lot of trouble to bring us here together. I mean… take a look around you.” Kai’las motioned to the magical circle they were standing in. “There is a reason for this. Are you not the least bit interested in what it is, D’ae Feon?”
Shadowhawk was thoughtful a moment before she began mumbling words in elven. “Very well. I will travel with you to Janardan and hear what this Librarian has to say, if it is of no interest to me, I will leave and return home.”
“Fair enough.” Kai’las replied.
The pitch darkness surrounding them instantly lifted, taking with it the floating sensation they had all felt. The four of them immediately jumped down from the circle, intending to get distance from it and the entire town of Pembrook. Their plan being to head back toward the Inn and collect their belongings, setting out before anymore daylight was wasted.
Darius’ eyes wandered around, viewing the destruction of Pembrook once again before they finally settled on the Monk. “Where do you originate from, Xilton? Is it Brighton?”  
She looked at him in surprise. “Brighton? No, I am from Jovian Falls. As I mentioned last night, I grew up at the Monastery. Why would you assume I was from Brighton?”
The Warrior frowned. “Forgive me. I mistook your appearance for one of the Brightons. You have that western look about you.”
 “I suppose I… I never gave any thought to it.” Xilton became quiet, deep in her thoughts. She was aware of the land of Brighton, far west across the Sea of Tempest, though Xilton knew only of it what she had read in the tomes in her Monastery. She knew her appearance was different than most people of Rystarr, but this was the first anyone had ever mentioned the land of Brighton and it started her wondering.
They walked the remainder of the way in silence, feeling as if it had taken twice as long as it should have to reach the Inn. Darius had hoped to see The Happy Piper as it had been the night before, full of joyous people and everything in one piece. 
“What happened here?” He mumbled quietly as he stepped inside. Leaving the others in what was left of the common room, he wandered through the bottom floor of the ruined Inn, letting his mind wander as well. “It must have been something horrendous to cause this much destruction to a town.” Darius suddenly felt an eerie presence behind him and without thought, he turned, his hand shooting out.
“Whoa, easy there.” Kai’las muttered, straining to talk with the other man’s hand wrapped around his throat.
Darius shook his head in confusion. “Kai’las?” He uttered, though making no move to release him.
“Aye.” He replied, struggling for breath.
“Forgive me.” The Warrior drew the words out, releasing him immediately. He scrubbed a hand down his face and stared at Kai’las for a moment, wondering what it was he had felt which made him react in such a manner.
Kai’las’ eyes were closed, his body tense. He drew in a sharp breath, opening his eyes. “Are you well?” He asked with concern, his frame no longer tense but more relaxed.
Darius cleared his throat. “I will be... just as soon as we put this bloody town behind us.” He viewed the room they were in. Pieces from broken countertops and what was left of a huge fireplace used for cooking told him it was once the kitchen. “This place has me on edge.” His words were spoken very quietly, though Kai’las appeared to have heard him.
“Yes, it has me a bit on edge as well.”
Darius eyed him from the side. “Are you certain? You do not seem so. Often you appear quite excited.” In that instant, he saw the quick flicker of light cross the man’s eyes. “Alright, tell me what that is. How do you do it?”
Kai’las frowned, tilting his head to the side. “How do I do what?” 
Darius only stared at him for several moments before turning away, rubbing at his eyes. “Nothing. I need to get out of here. I think this town is playing games with my head.”
“A place as strange as this... I suppose it is possible.”
“Do you believe so?” The Warrior’s brows furrowed. “Truly? Because nothing like this has ever happened to me in my lifetime and I am five and thirty.”
“Ah... you are an old one.” The corner of Kai’las’ mouth was tipped up in a crooked grin.
Darius chuckled. “Well, older than you, to be sure.” 
“Hmm… of course.”
“Anyways, my point is, I have been waiting to wake up from it all and have a good laugh about it with my men in the guard.” He turned sideways and shook his head. “I keep thinking back to that night.”
“That night?” Kai’las asked.
“The night which began the battle within myself. Trying to decide if I was insane or not.” Darius paused, becoming thoughtful for several long moments. “I have always felt unlike others.” He glanced down at his swords sheathed at his hips. “And then there are these.” He placed his hands on the hilts.
“Those?” Kai’las frowned. “Your swords?”
Darius scoffed. “No. I do not believe they are just common swords.”
Kai’las’ eyes lit up. “Ah, I see. You feel they are enchanted.” The other man inclined his head. “Yes, mine as well.”
 Darius eyed the weapon sitting at the man’s hip, seeing no more than the hilt of it peeking out from its scabbard. “May I?”
 “Yes, of course.” He unsheathed his sword and carefully handed it over to the Warrior.
 The metal was foreign to Darius, being a whitish blue in color. It had an exquisite cross-guard in the shape of a lightning bolt and the pommel was diamond shaped with a bolt of lightning running through it as well and sitting in the center of the diamond was a large, round ice blue gemstone. The grip was etched with what resembled streaks of electrical current and the blade itself was etched with foreign language and symbols throughout its entirety. Darius was certain it was both a unique and valuable weapon. “Exquisite. Does it have a name?”
“It is Glimmer, the Blade of Light.”
 Darius inspected the blade closely, his brows furrowing in uncertainty. “These symbols and language, I do not recognize. And this metal...what is it?”
 Kai’las shrugged a shoulder. “It was given to me by a… friend.” He said, taking the blade and sliding it back into its scabbard.
“Well, at least you know that much. I have no idea how I came to acquire mine.”
 “Are you saying they just appeared in your possession one day? How is this possible?” Kai’las appeared genuinely intrigued.
 Darius laughed without humor. “You tell me how it is possible. I cannot even tell you how long they have been with me.” He continued talking while walking back into the common room, the other man following beside him. “My mother and uncle, the two people closest to me, are as baffled about it as I.”
“What makes you feel they are enchanted weapons?”
Darius became thoughtful once again, drawing into himself. “It is difficult to explain. I suppose you can say I sense the weapons. The power which radiates from them.” He could see in Kai’las’ eyes something was on his mind. “What is it?”
“Let me ask you this… have they always felt familiar to you? As if they have been wielded by no other?” Kai’las knew what the Warrior was speaking about, for he too always felt the same connection with his own weapon.
 Darius rubbed his chin in thought. “Aye, that is exactly how they feel. It is almost as if they have been with me since my birth, although as I said, my mother has no recollection of them.” Darius heard the other man sigh.
“It appears we have many questions in need of answering. Another I would have an answer for is why lure us all to Pembrook if only to direct us to Janardan? It seems to me all of this...” He motioned to the dilapidated common area. “Was a waste of our time.”
“Agreed, my friend. Perhaps we will at least find some answers at the Library of the Seekers.”
“I am certain we will find something there.”
Darius clapped him on the back. “I am glad you chose to continue on with this. I am not certain I have the patience to deal with that Elf on my own.”
Kai’las’ grin widened. “Quit and return home? Nay, I daresay. I am exactly where I am meant to be.” He rubbed the back of his neck, his mind wandering in thought. “It is odd, but I feel a kinship with the three of you and I have never before felt that with a...” Kai’las stopped in mid-sentence and smiled. “Well... with anyone in a long time.”

†

Just a short time later, the new companions made their way east toward Janardan, not looking back as they left behind the demolished town of Pembrook. With plans to make it to the Library of the Seekers as quickly as possible, they were all in agreement to travel as far as they could before darkness set in. They traveled through a forested area but once the four of them decided they could go no further, camp was laid in a clearing, where trees were scarce and a fire would be safe. 
After discarding his belongings, Darius had no problem in locating enough dried wood from the forest floor around them. He stacked several pieces of kindling and began rummaging through his pack for his flint and steel when the wood suddenly erupted with brightly lit flames.
Darius chuckled and looked at Kai’las. “I knew you were a magic user. No question it beats using flint and steel.”
“That it does.” The other man agreed grinning. “There really was no need for the kindling.”
“I see that now.” The Warrior replied, throwing some larger pieces of wood onto the fire. “A point I shall remember the next time.”
“Yes.” Kai’las voiced. “And you can stop adding the wood. It also is not necessary.”
“Oh, so even the wood I took the time to collect was for no reason at all.” When Kai’las inclined his head, Darius dropped the pieces of wood and shook his head. “You might have said something before I took the trouble.”
 Xilton dropped her pack in front of the fire, sitting down beside it. “Are you a mage or another sort?” She asked Kai’las.
 The man grinned devilishly and shrugged his shoulders. “Another sort.”
 Frowning, Xilton looked up at Darius to see he appeared just as confused as she was by the other man’s answer to her question. She turned back to Kai’las. “I…I do not understand.”
 Kai’las sat down on a fallen tree, directly across the fire from her. “What is it you do not understand? Your question was, ‘Are you a mage or another sort?’ And my answer was, ‘another sort’. I am versed in a particular form of… magic, so to speak, but I do not claim to be a mage.”
 “Then what are you if not a mage?” Confusion was still clearly written across the Monk’s face.
 He grinned. “You are a very inquisitive Monk.” Kai’las spread his arms out wide. “I am what you see. A male, who has been blessed.”
 “Hmm.” Xilton muttered, pressing him no further. Obviously, there was more to the man, but she was wise enough to know everyone had their secrets and she respected that, as long as those secrets brought no harm to others. Instead, she turned to Darius. “Have you been to the Library before?” Rummaging through her pack, Xilton pulled out a piece of bread and cheese she had saved.
 “I have not.” Darius took a bite of jerky, washing it down with a drink from his flask of whiskey before wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “But I have passed through Janardan on a few occasions and have seen the Library from a distance. Trust when I say, there will be no mistaking it.”
 “It sounds as though you have seen quite a lot of Rystarr.” Xilton always wanted to travel the countryside but unfortunately, she was never allowed to leave the Monastery grounds without supervision, until recently.
 “Aye. I have been all over Rystarr, although I have traveled the northern portion more so since Andoria is my home. I spend much time on the northern east coast, near the Ellarian Sea.” He looked at the other man sitting across the fire from him. “Where do you hail from, Kai’las? I know where Xilton and the Elf are from, but not you.”
“The Elf has a name.” Shadowhawk grumbled but no one paid her any heed.
Kai’las moved to sit on the ground, leaning back against the overturned tree and taking a moment before he replied. “Here and there.”
Darius laughed faintly at his vague remark. “So, you are a traveler then.”
“I travel quite often.”
Darius eyed him. “When we first met last night, I guessed with your height and coloring you must be Vlondorian, but your eyes... I have never seen any of that color in all the Twin Kingdoms.”
“Nor I.” Kai’las replied, with a crooked grin. “I would like to say that I am one of a kind, but alas, it is a trait I share with my father.”
 “And your father?” Darius continued his questioning. “Is he from here and there as well?”
 Kai’las turned away from him, the fire drawing his gaze. “Unlike me, he much prefers to stay in one place. My father prefers his home more so than the open road.”
“And where is that home?”
“Far from here.” Was his only reply.
“I see.” Like Xilton, Darius knew there was more to Kai’las than what they were seeing or what the other man was leading them to believe. No doubt, he liked the man and for some reason felt he could trust him, which was strange because Darius had a difficult time trusting anyone.
 After sitting in silence for a time, listening to the crackling of the fire, Kai’las glanced over at Shadowhawk. The Elf sat with her arms crossed, leaning back against the same fallen tree he was using. He opened his mouth to speak to her, just to make conversation, but the look on her face told him she was in no mood to converse. 
 “Why do you stare?” She snapped.
 Kai’las shook his head. “Just trying to understand you. You are the only one of us who does not speak much.”
“Stop trying. You will have no such luck.”
Kai’las chuckled. “You know, D’ae Feon, life is too short, even for an elf, to live out your life full of hate and rage. I despise anyone who gives off such a dark and dreary aura and usually never even give them a second thought. And yet, I look upon you and I cannot help but wonder who it was who pissed in your boots, setting you on such a bitter path.” Although he held a straight face as he spoke, humor laced his tone. Darius snickered at his comment, while Shadowhawk kept quiet. Kai’las leaned his head back, closed his eyes and added, “Perhaps someone ought to light a fire under those boots to give them a good cleansing.”
“You know nothing of me.” Shadowhawk quietly said as she too laid her head back and closed her eyes.
“You would be surprised at what I know.”
Xilton cleared her throat. “Did you travel to Pembrook from Andoria, Darius?” She asked, trying to steer the conversation away from the other two. When the Warrior inclined his head, she added, “It must have taken you quite some time. Did you not have a horse?”
Darius growled low before he answered softly, “I did have a horse... Winter… a fine destrier. I had him for years.” He kept his eyes on the flames of the fire as he spoke so she could not see the pain in his eyes. “Broke his leg two days from Pembrook.” Darius took a sharp breath and added, “I did not want him to suffer.”
 “I… I am sorry.” Xilton lowered her head.
 “As am I.” He turned to meet her eyes. “And you?”
 “Me? No. I had no horse. I booked passage on a riverboat from Jovian Falls and traveled on foot the rest of the way.” Xilton glanced at Shadowhawk, who still lay stretched out, leaning back against the fallen tree. Since meeting her the evening before, the Elf had not seemed to take much interest in getting to know any of them. “Shadowhawk?” She asked, trying again to make conversation.
 The Elf sighed irritably. “If you must know… I left with a group from my village bound for Jovian Falls for trade. From there, I too booked passage on a vessel, traveling the remainder on foot. Two miles from the town, I ran into that one.” Shadowhawk gestured at Kai’las. “He seemed to clearly know where he was going.” When she finished talking, she closed her eyes once again, clearly showing no more interest in speaking with them.
The look on Kai’las’ face was that of humor. “I was following your lead, D’ae Feon.”
The companions arose at the first signs of daylight, packing up to continue again with their journey towards the Library of the Seekers. None of them knew what awaited there for them but one thing was for certain… their lives would never be as they were before their meeting in Pembrook.
CHAPTER
3

It was just starting to darken as the last rays of the Darksun began to disappear in the sky. Valen Halen could feel the heat of the Darksun dissipating as the world plunged into dusk.
“Another night.” He said as he pulled on the reins to stop his horse. He had been riding hard for a little over week now to arrive at his current location on the shore of Crystal Lake.
“I must be mad.” He said to himself as he pondered the events which led him there. He could still not explain it to himself, the dreams he had experienced. The strange figure asking him to pick up and leave everything behind to journey to this place. But somehow, he knew he had to obey. He said farewell to his consort Solara, and leaving everything in her hands, he departed his home Jwarl Avignon. His thoughts strayed to what he left behind. “She knows how to rule in my absence.”
 He slid from his horse, shook his head, and went about setting up his campsite. I just do not understand why I am here, he thought to himself, and then said out loud, “There has to be an explanation.”
 “An explanation for what?” A deep voice said from somewhere behind. 
 Startled, he turned quickly, instinctively his hand went to his sword hilt. Standing there were two men. The first was a middle-aged man with flecks of gray in his short black beard. He was wearing red robes with the hood pulled up, a dagger strapped to his waist, as well as many pouches on his belt. The ornate staff the man leaned on gleamed, catching Valen’s eye. The intricately carved dragon head atop seemed to stare back at him.
 The other, stood well over two heads taller, and appeared to be a few years younger than the robed man. He wore a suit of silver platemail and had he been wearing the great, red-plumed helm in the crook of his right arm, he would be taller still. The wind caught his long red cape, revealing an elaborate looking long sword in a jeweled scabbard at his waist. Emblazoned on his chest was an emblem which Valen recognized to be the Kingdom of Vlondoria. He sensed something strange from the two of them, but he could not quite put his finger on it.
 “I say again sir, an explanation for what?” Said the man in platemail.
 Not relaxing his stance, Valen replied, “What business is it of yours stranger?” He paused a moment, and then went on, “Had you not heard it is rude to eavesdrop?”
 “My sincerest apologies sir.” The man in armor said. “But we did not think to find anyone here when we arrived.”
 “Indeed.” The man in robes added. “We did not think to find another soul out here in this part of the world.”
 Seeing they made no threatening moves, Valen relaxed some. “Well, on that point I must agree. I certainly did not expect to find anyone else here as well.”
 “Perhaps introductions are in order.” The armored man said. “I am Sir Tavannos, Knight of Vlondoria and my companion here is Airrak, a mage of considerable knowledge.” He paused and waited for a response from Valen. When met with silence, he then added, “And you sir?”
 “I am Valen.” He said with slight irritation in his voice. “And I prefer my solitude.” He took his hand off his sword hilt but remained wary.
 “I can appreciate that.” Airrak said. “But does it not seem at all unusual to you we should find each other here.” He casually gestured to their surroundings. “In the middle of nowhere on the shores of Crystal Lake?” Seeing that Valen did not respond and appeared to be thinking, he went on. “My friend here and I have traveled far to this spot on assignment for our King, Varandan the second.”
Nodding his head in agreement, Sir Tavannos added, “What my comrade says is true. Although vague as he was in our assignment. We were to see to something of great importance here at Crystal Lake.” The Knight regarded their surroundings. “But I see nothing of the like here.”
What the Knight had said piqued Valen’s curiosity. After pondering this a moment, he shot looks between Sir Tavannos and Airrak. “It would seem fate or… something else has brought us to the same place. Perhaps it would be wise to try and find an explanation together.”
 “Very well, I agree.” Sir Tavannos said.
 “As do I.” Airrak added. “It would seem to be a wise course to work together.”
 “Half a moment.” Valen interrupted. “Just so we understand each other, I do not know either one of you and while fate has conspired to lump us together, it does not mean I trust you or that I have to like the situation. So I warn you both, do not get in my way, for I will have no compunction whatsoever of dealing with you both if need be.”
 Airrak just shook his head, but Sir Tavannos spoke up. “I assure you sir, we have no desire of ‘getting in your way’, as you so put it. So, let me add a warning of my own, do not get in our way…or we will have no problem dealing with you as well.” He took a menacing step forward and fixed Valen with a cold stare. “After all, it was you who suggested us work together.”
 Airrak stepped in-between them. “Now, now. Peace on both of you. I think we understand each other well enough.” Valen and Sir Tavannos stared at each other for another moment, but then both appeared to relax. Noticing that tensions had eased, Airrak continued. “So, I suggest we attempt to work together to find the answers we are seeking. Agreed?” That was directed at Sir Tavannos, who nodded his agreement. The mage addressed Valen next. “Agreed?”
 “Agreed.” Valen responded. “For now.”
 Having their agreement, however shaky it might be, Airrak said, “Very well. Then I suggest we share a campsite for the night and see if we can discover exactly why we are here.”
 “I will fetch our horses.” Sir Tavannos said as he turned and walked away. 
 The flames of the campfire crackled as the darkness of the night engulfed the three new companions. 
 Airrak could not be certain but the night appeared darker to him than usual, almost unnaturally so. “There are strange things going on around here. I have never seen a night so black, so utterly black.”
 Tavannos frowned at Airrak in the firelight. “Yes, now that you mention it, the night does appear to be darker than usual.” He cocked his head to one side. “And where are the usual sounds one hears at night out here in the wilderness?”
 “I do not know. I could cast a spell to give us more light but I do not think we want to attract any undue attention.”
 “Hold your spells, mage.” Valen grumbled. “While I agree the night is different from many others I have spent in the wilds, I do not sense any immediate danger.” Wrapping his red cloak tighter around himself, he settled back to attempt to get some sleep.
 “I will take watch.” Sir Tavannos stated. “For I do not think I will be able to sleep. Though I cannot explain it, this night unnerves me.”
Although the night seemed very unnatural, it passed peacefully enough. The morning light from the Darksun warmed the three of them as they went about readying themselves for the day.
Valen finished strapping on his armor while Sir Tavannos observed him. “Where exactly do you hail from, Valen? I recognize some of the symbols on your armor, but not all. The crossed swords are the emblem of the Paladins, am I not correct?” Valen did not respond, but just went about the task of strapping his sword to his belt. Seeing that he made no reply, Sir Tavannos continued, “But the rest of it I do not recognize. The crowned skull above the swords for instance, the swords are usually of silver for the Paladins, not black as you show it.”
 “What business is it of yours?” Valen snapped. “Just because I have agreed to work with you to discover why we are here does not mean I intend to tell you the story of my life!”
 “My apologies, sir. I did not mean to offend. I was simply trying to convey a knight’s courtesy.” Tavannos turned to continue readying himself.
 Valen, still irritated, sighed. “Very well. Yes, I was once a member of the Paladins, but no longer and I will not go into the reasons for it. My castle is Jwarl Avignon in the south, from there I provide protection to its people.”
 Tavannos nodded. “Jwarl Avignon? I have heard of your castle.” Valen sensed there was more, but the Knight said nothing else.
 Valen could see he was in thought. “And you, Sir Tavannos? I know you are a knight of Vlondoria, but that is all. And your companion, the mage, what is his story?”
 “It is true. I am a knight of Vlondoria and a member of the Royal Army with all that it entails. For the last few years I have served on the western frontier keeping my King’s borders safe. As for Airrak, I will let him tell you himself.”
 At that queue, Airrak, who had been thumbing through a great bound book, said, “I am also from Vlondoria, although I did my studying with the Arcane College of Jovian Falls.”
 “I have heard of the college.” Valen interjected. “If I am not mistaken, it is the most renowned school in all the land.”
 “Actually…” Airrak said. “It is one of the only schools for the Arcane on the continent. But be that as it may, they taught me well.”
 “Of that I have no doubt.” Valen said, rather sheepishly.
 The Mage peered at him for a moment before continuing. “And since then I have pursued my quest to enhance my arcane knowledge, sometimes working in the King’s name and sometimes not.”
 The three continued readying themselves in quiet, until Valen broke the silence. “Well, now that we are all better acquainted, what are we to do next?” He waited a few moments, seeing Tavannos and Airrak glance at one another. “My suggestion is we follow the shoreline around the lake and see if we can find something which points us in the right direction.”
 As neither Sir Tavannos nor Airrak could come up with a better course of action, both agreed to Valen’s suggestion. The three of them finished gathering up their possessions, mounted their horses and rode off to see what they could discover.

‡

Tarakis had been observing the three humans for quite some time. It was apparent to him they were searching for something. Could we be searching for the same thing? Whatever that is, he thought to himself. Carefully hidden, he continued his observations. 
 “Why was I sent to this place?” He mumbled to himself. “That thing… or whatever he was said I would meet others and all would be explained.” Tarakis took a quick look at the three humans. “Perhaps those are the others it was talking about.” He scratched his head and scanned around. And what does my mother have to do with it all? She has been dead for so long I cannot even remember her. He mused in his head.
 He left off his reveries to carefully peer over the rise of the low hill. Studying the trio of humans, he could see two of them were obviously warriors based on the armor and weapons they bore. The third had all the appearances of a mage. Apparently the two warriors were not agreeing on much, based on the amount of bickering going on between them.
 The three had been walking their horses slowly along the shore when they suddenly decided to call a halt. They turned from the water’s edge and started heading towards his position, evidently wanting to find a bit of cover to rest a while. It was time to move.
 He was about to start backing down the hill when he heard something from behind him. He saw what appeared to be a man astride a grayish black horse heading in his direction at a casual speed. The light from the Darksun peeked through the trees and glinted off his plate and chain armor, his horse garbed in a similar fashion. The two massive weapons strapped to his back clacked rhythmically as he road. His red tabard was emblazoned with the symbol of a black raven, its wings spread wide.
Tarakis’ eyes darted left to right, searching for an escape route. Cover was sparse on this side of the hill and he could not reach the other side without giving away his position to the three men. “Blast!” He cursed under his breath. “Nowhere to go.”
Tarakis weighed his options. As fearsome as the warrior appeared, he liked his odds against one rather than three. At best, maybe this man has some answers to solve my own riddle, he thought. Unsheathing his dagger, he cautiously began to descend the hill toward the stranger. “I hope this is not a mistake.” He mumbled to himself.

‡

The Darksun was just beginning to turn to its dark side and the air turned slightly cooler as the Darksun’s rays disappeared. Not that Szarzekk noticed the change in temperature. It had been more than four years since he felt the warmth of the sun on his face or the cool of the night.
 Szarzekk was riding his horse toward Crystal Lake as he had been now for eight days. He could see the lake a short distance ahead, just over some low rising hills. As he was observing the lake, he saw something moving just this side of the hill. Dressed entirely in black, a figure stood with the hood of his cloak raised. This person had evidently seen him and began to move forward. A glint of bare steel at the man’s hip caught Szarzekk’s eye, his footfalls silent as he approached. This made him stop his horse, climb down, and pull his weapons off his back. The man in black, seeing this, produced a short sword in his right hand to match the dagger in his left. He did not stop moving toward Szarzekk but did seem to be observing him very intently. The man approached within twenty paces, then stopped. He did not appear to be making any threatening moves, although he kept his weapons at the ready.
 “Peace be upon you.” Szarzekk said, breaking the silence between them.
 The Warrior’s voice sounded odd to Tarakis, almost as if the words were spoken in a loud whisper and were coming from somewhere other than the man’s mouth. “That remains to be seen.” Tarakis replied. “I would say it depends on your intentions.”
 Szarzekk appraised the man up and down. He was indeed clothed all in black, including his cloak, and he wore a mask over most of his face, so that only his eyes were visible. Markedly red eyes, almost as if they were burning embers. Szarzekk returned his great axe to its place on his back, but kept the great sword bared in hand.
 Tarakis could not help but marvel at this Warrior who was able to wield such mighty two-handed weapons in each hand. What a formidable fighter he must be, he thought.
 After a few moments of awkward silence between them, Szarzekk finally spoke. “I assure you, I mean you no ill will. It is only that I was not expecting to find another soul out here, in the middle of nowhere.”
 “Nor was I.” Tarakis then returned his short sword to its scabbard at his waist. His dagger he kept drawn. Still wary.
 Seeing this gesture, Szarzekk returned his great sword to its scabbard on his back as well. “Well then… I am Szarzekk of Under City.” He paused a moment, waiting for a response before adding, “And you are?”
 Again, his voice sounded to Tarakis as if it were coming from far off. He hesitated for just a second. “I am Tarakis, from… nowhere in particular.” He shrugged a shoulder and finally sheathed his dagger.
 “Well Tarakis, from nowhere in particular, what brings you out here to the middle of nowhere? I am assuming that the ‘nowhere’ you hale from is not here.”
 “I am just pursuing my life of adventure and excitement. How about you, Szarzekk? You do not exactly appear to be a local.”
 Szarzekk stared at him rather quizzically. “I am searching for… something.”
 Tarakis could not tell for sure because of the helmet but at that last word, Szarzekk appeared to be searching the horizon. Curiosity piqued, Tarakis cautiously moved closer to where Szarzekk stood by his horse. 
 This move made Szarzekk reflexively reach for his weapons, but when he saw that Tarakis did not go for his own, he relaxed.
 Seven or eight paces away, Tarakis stopped and eyed Szarzekk. “This ‘something’ that you are searching for, is it anything in particular?”
 “Why do you ask?” 
 Tarakis thought about it for a moment before he replied. “Because I too am looking for something or… someone, I should say.”
 Szarzekk regarded Tarakis for a long moment. Unbidden, he began hearing the soft whispers of his mother’s voice in the back of his mind, this man could be trusted. At least with this part of his mission. With newfound resolve, he made up his mind. “I have been sent here by my Queen, to the shores of Crystal Lake.
 This blatantly open statement caught Tarakis by surprise. He shook his head. “Why…for what purpose? Why would your Queen, whoever she is, send you to this place?”
 Realizing Tarakis was asking for a reason and not just out of curiosity, for his Queen and mother, the same person who had told him there would be others on the same quest as he and that he should work with them if at all possible, he decided to press the issue. “I was not told the exact reason for traveling here. Only that it was of the utmost importance and that our very world may depend on it.” After a moment, he went on, “And you Tarakis? Do you know exactly what it is you are searching for? Or were you also told only that you must journey here?”
Tarakis thought about it for a minute or two and then decided, what the Blarth. He did not know precisely why, but he trusted the very odd-looking person. “There was someone who sent me here as well, or perhaps I should say something. He appeared like a man at first but then he changed.” A shiver ran through him. “He did mention if I did not come all would suffer, so I suppose you could say my traveling here was of utmost importance as well… according to him. He said that I am to meet others like myself, and all would be explained.” Tarakis shrugged his shoulders. “Well, here I am. Took me a week to get here and so far, nothing has been explained.”
Responding to this gesture of trust, whether it was intentional or not, Szarzekk peered down at him. “Well then, might I suggest we work together to try and discover why we are here? For it seems obvious to me we are here for the same thing.”
 Tarakis pondered the suggestion for a moment before responding. “I am not the kind which plays well with others.” He paused before adding, “I am also not certain if you are one of those like myself which I was told about, whatever that even means, but I agree, it does make sense we work together.” Tarakis would never admit was that for some odd reason, he felt he could trust the warrior. He never trusted anyone, which made it all the more strange.
 Szarzekk tried to discern if Tarakis was being honest or just telling him what he wanted to hear for some nefarious reason. His face obscured by the mask, Tarakis’ expression was unreadable, yet his eyes, red as they were, seemed to be sincere. “Good, we will work together.” He nodded. “It will be dark very soon, so I suggest our first order of business is to find a suitable camp.”
 “Indeed.” Tarakis suddenly remembered the other three men he had been observing. “I guess I should tell you about the others.” 
 This caught Szarzekk by surprise. “Others? What others? I thought you said you found nothing.” He thought for a moment, then remembering his Queen’s words, added, “These others, are they here for the same purpose as you?”
“I am not exactly certain if they are here for the same reason or not. They are about a hundred yards that way.” He pointed in the direction of where he had been hiding. “Just over that hill.”
Szarzekk peered at him through his helm. “Perhaps you should introduce me to them. So we can find out their purpose here.”
Tarakis laughed. “I would be happy to introduce you to them…and you can introduce me to them at the same time.” Seeing for what must have passed as a show of confusion on Szarzekk’s face, he added, “Because I am not exactly acquainted with the three…I have simply been watching them for the better part of the day.” Szarzekk shook his head as the Rogue went on. “I had not yet made up my mind whether to reveal myself or not, until you showed up.”
 Szarzekk thought about it for a moment. “Who are they? Were you able to discern anything useful about them?”
 Tarakis heard the note of irritation in Szarzekk’s strange voice. “Two of them are warriors, and do not seem to get along very well. The other one is most definitely a mage. They all appeared to be human.”
 Szarzekk pondered the information. “I would suggest we go and introduce ourselves. If they are here for the same purpose as we, then it would make sense to work with them. If they are not, we can always strike out on our own.” He waited a moment, and then added, “Agreed?”
 Tarakis briefly weighed the options. “Agreed, for the most part. Follow me. I will show you where I last saw them.” The Rogue turned around and started walking back to where he had been hiding. He looked over his shoulder at Szarzekk. “Oh, and you can do all the talking.” He then mumbled under his breath, “This should be entertaining.”

‡

“I just do not understand it.” Valen said sternly. He gazed up at the sky. “What in the name of Faustus am I doing here?”
 His new companions regarded him with irritation. “Shouting at the sky will get us nowhere.” Sir Tavannos said. “We just need to keep searching.”
 Valen fixed him with a cold stare. “Oh, I did not realize that, and here I thought whatever the Blarth it is we are seeking would just fall into our laps. Thank you for the great advice and direction, sir.”
 Tavannos took a threatening step toward Valen at his last word. Seeing this, Valen moved towards the aggressor. Blows might have been struck had Airrak not stepped in between them for the fifth time that day.
 “Peace, for the love of the Gods, PEACE!” Airrak was getting very tired of playing peacemaker for these fools. “I have had enough of listening to you two bicker all day.” He took a deep breath. “It is going to get dark soon. I suggest we call off the search for today and find a suitable campsite, agreed?” He regarded them both, waiting.
 Sir Tavannos returned the look and nodded. “Agreed.” 
 They chose a clearing at the base of the low hill, fifty paces or so from the water’s edge. In a short time, they had their horses tethered and a campfire lit. They agreed again to set up watch. The area was most definitely wilderness, and while they did not encounter anything hostile as of yet, it did not pay to take chances.
 As it turned out, their decision was a wise one. They had just finished setting up their campsite when Airrak caught something out of the corner of his eye. It was in the sky, perhaps two hundred feet above them. He stared upward, trying to discern what he was seeing. Squinting, he could see a black cloud of fluttering shapes. He could not tell exactly how many there were, but they were quickly approaching the camp. He watched them for a few moments longer when suddenly he saw one of them begin to dive towards them. Alarmed, Airrak shouted, “FOES, ABOVE US!”
 Valen and Sir Tavannos spun at the warning, swords flying from their scabbards.
 The diving creature plummeted straight toward Tavannos in a blur. At the last moment, Airrak pointed his staff at the creature and uttered, “Fierer!” A blinding ball of fire flew from the dragon’s mouth on his staff directly at the swooping mass of wings and teeth. It hit with a loud bang and the creature exploded into flames, falling to the ground between the three men.
 There was no time for respite, three more of them dove at the trio. As the attackers moved closer, the three companions could better make out what they were. None of them had ever seen anything like the creatures before. They appeared like a madman’s cross between a man and a giant bat. They were about five feet tall, with a wingspan of about fifteen to eighteen feet. Oversized fangs gleamed in their grotesque mouths. Their human-like hands had fingers tipped with large claws spread wide, ready to draw blood.
 One of the beasts dove directly at Valen, hunger in its black eyes. On the verge of colliding with him, it suddenly pulled up out of its dive and swiped a claw at him, as it flew past. The move caught Valen by surprise, and cruel razors sliced his left shoulder. He groaned as the claws dug into his flesh where they slipped between the armor joints. His wild sword slashed, missed and he whirled as the creature flew past him. As he spun, he glanced at his companions who both had their hands full battling other man-bats. Valen could hear Airrak loudly shouting other strange words through the din of battle. No time to consider, Valen readied himself for the next attack.
Airrak had little time to think after the first charred corpse hit the ground, another beast was already almost upon him. Reflexively, his hands flashed a pattern of movements and he chanted the ancient language of the Gods. “Rastio, Sporivik, Medarin!” The Mage pointed at the beast with his left hand and unleased the spell. Suddenly, the flying vermin burst into flames. Wings of fire flailed wildly as it crashed to the ground just paces from him.
 Airrak readied himself as he watched the charred, smoking shape rise slowly from the divot it left in the soil from its impact. It stood and fixed Airrak with a hateful stare, blackened and wingless, stumps twitching on it flanks. Baring its fangs with a hiss, it started rushing towards the Mage.
 Tavannos was locked in combat with his foe. Hovering just out of his reach, deadly claws flashed in piercing and deceptive attacks. The Knight dodged and parried, slashed, and lunged. He kept the creature at bay with the point of his sword. Between brief flurries of attacking they circled each other, wearily looking for openings.
 Blood oozed down the side of Valen’s left arm as he moved desperately to keep the monster in front of him. The beast wheeled around sharply and began creeping toward him again. This time it did not feint but dove right at Valen’s mid-section. At the last possible second, Valen deftly side-stepped to his left and swung his sword downward in a wide arc with all of his strength. His blow cleaved through the creature from shoulder to hip. In the clash, one of the creature’s claws struck Valen on the temple, knocking them both to the ground in a tangle. He stumbled to his feet and glanced at the creature. The nearly bisected corpse lay convulsing in a pool of its own blood. He reached to pull the sword from the bowels of his vanquished enemy, then looked to his companions, who were still engaged. A moment later, he collapsed to his knees.
 Tavannos and the man-bat continued to circle each other, trading attacks, but so far neither could find an advantage. Both had managed to inflict minor wounds on the other but nothing which would put either of them out of the fight.
 The creature Airrak had maimed with the fire spell rushed in to attack, leaving him no time to cast one last spell. Its charred, cracking skin oozed puss as furious claws lashed forward. Resigning himself to the impending melee, the Mage quickly raised his staff menacingly at the beast. 
 “Got to get up.” Valen groaned. He tried to climb to his feet, but his head was spinning from that last blow. He lost his balance and fell to the ground.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sir Tavannos saw Valen fall. The flash of motion was brief but was just enough of a distraction for the creature to seize an opening. It struck at the Knight with claws on both hands and feet. In the blink of an eye he was fully engulfed by beating wings and felt razor blades slice into his back as the creature clamped itself onto him. He grappled with the beast, pressing back to try to make some space between their bodies. A putrid stench wafted from a mouth of dripping white fangs just inches from his face. Before he could react, their bodies shifted, and burning needles sunk into his shoulder. Tavannos screamed in agony as the creature’s head jerked violently, a grotesque look of pleasure on its face. Gathering what strength remained in him, he twisted to his right and filled the small gap between them with his sword. Driving upward, the sword passed through bowels. As Sir Tavannos twisted the blade, the look on the creature’s face shifted first to surprise, then sagged in a dull glaze of death. 
Freeing himself from its grip, the Knight tossed the limp corpse of his attacker to the ground with a thud. His shoulder burned intensely and felt like it would swell to bursting. He grasped his wounded shoulder with his free hand while the world began to spin. “Poison…” He muttered before his vision went black and he crashed to the ground.

‡

Szarzekk and Tarakis had just began heading toward the hill that would bring them to the three strangers when they saw dark shapes fluttering above.
 “What in the seven levels of Faustus are those?” Tarakis asked as he watched the flying creatures, circle like vultures.
 “They do not appear to be any bird I would know.”
 “No, they do not.” Tarakis rubbed his chin in thought. “They are about the spot where I last saw…”
Before he could finish, one of the not-birds folded its wings and dropped from the sky, swooping toward something on the other side of the hill. The others dove after it in quick succession. Within seconds, Tarakis heard shouts of alarm and saw flashes of light beyond the crest of the hill. Bellows of fighting men and shrill screeches echoed in the distance.
 Instinctively, Szarzekk grabbed both of his weapons and looked to Tarakis imploringly. “Let us go.” He whirled and began running in the direction of the fighting.
 Tarakis watched the lumbering fool for a moment then heaved a sigh. “Oh, for the love of the Gods.” Muttering indignantly, he drew his own weapons and followed.
 Szarzekk had broken into a sprint. In a very short time he would be up and over the hill. Tarakis chose to circle the base of the hill to the right. Moving quickly but cautiously, he used whatever cover he could find to help hide his approach.
 As he came over the hill, Szarzekk quickly took in the scene. Two warriors and a robed man with a staff were battling three bat-like creatures. A smoking corpse lay in the middle of the camp. One of the abominations had fallen to the ground nearby the robed man. It scrambled to its feet and rushed him on foot. By the looks of it, the two warriors were dispatching their foes but both were injured, judging by their movements.
 Deciding that the creature facing the robed man was the immediate threat, Szarzekk began to charge the beast.
 Tarakis came around the hill just in time to see the two creatures facing the warriors, go down. Both of the men appeared to be in bad shape. The one wearing the red cloak was on his knees, attempting to rip his sword from the corpse next to him, while the other was grabbing his shoulder and stumbling around. He watched for a moment and saw red cloak collapse to the ground, followed shortly by sir shoulder-grabber. Moving cautiously toward the fallen men, he glanced to his left and spied Szarzekk sprinting down the hill toward the remaining creature.

‡

Airrak dug his heels into the dirt, preparing to defend against the charging wretch. He gripped his staff in anticipation. Before the beast reached him a loud cry came from his left. He could not make out the word but as Airrak glanced in that direction a huge, armored shape plowed into the beast before him. The staggered creature tried to turn and face his new attacker but before it could react, two massive blades swept across its flank. The top half of its body flew backward, sending a spray of gore in its path.
Airrak stood there gaping at the man for a second or two and then, regaining his composure, he cautiously took a few steps towards him. Not knowing if the newcomer was friend or foe, he held his staff in front of him as a precaution. As he moved toward the warrior, he glanced to his right at a man in black to see what he was doing. He was kneeling by Valen and apparently was checking his wounds, for both of his weapons were at their sheaths. Deciding he was not an immediate threat, if indeed he was one at all, Airrak turned his head back to regard the newly arrived armored man, who made no threatening moves, he just appeared to be wiping blood, green blood, from his weapons. After quickly scanning the sky and deciding there were no more of these bat creatures to deal with, the warrior returned his weapons to their places on his back and then turned to face the robed man.
 “Greetings.” Szarzekk said to the robed man. “It appears as though we happened by at exactly the right moment.”
 The man’s voice sounded very strange to Airrak, almost ‘hollow’. “Yes, so it would seem.” Airrak replied, pausing for a couple of moments. “You have my thanks.” The man in black had in the meantime moved to the side of the warrior. “Both of you.”
 “Yes. Lucky for you we happened to be close by.” Tarakis said. “Otherwise you might have ended up like your two friends there.”
 Remembering his companions, Airrak turned and went to where they lay. He could see Valen moving a little, but Tavannos lay motionless. “Is he dead?” He asked the man in black, pointing to the fallen Knight, though the man did not immediately answer. Turning his head to eye the man, he asked again, “Is he dead?”
 Tarakis realized the question was meant for him. “No, he is not dead. Not yet anyways.”
 Airrak went and knelt by Sir Tavannos and could see that the Knight was wounded in several places, apparently from claw attacks. These did not seem all too serious. His shoulder, however, appeared angry and swollen. On closest inspection, he could make out the array of puncture wounds, indicating a nasty bite. A putrid smell wafted from the wound. The skin on his face appeared very pale and a foamy substance was oozing from the corner of his mouth. “Whatever these creatures had been, they clearly had a potent venom.” With that realization, he snapped to action. He fixed the man in black with a sharp gaze. “Quickly! Throw some more wood on the fire.” Seeing him hesitate, he added, “Now man, please! For the love of the Gods!”
 Tarakis eyed him for a second, then mumbling something about giving him orders, moved to comply.
 “You.” Airrak pointed at the armored one. “Please see to my other companion.” Obviously, the Mage had decided these two newcomers were most definitely not foes and were potentially friends. If he were to save the Knight, he would need their assistance.
 Szarzekk nodded to the robed man and moved to see if he could help the other warrior in any way.
Airrak rummaged through his pack, searching for the precise ingredients he would need to save his friends life. Finding what he was seeking a moment later, he began preparing his concoction in a small metal pot. After the black cloaked man had thrown some logs onto the fire, he took a couple steps towards him, observing his work, seemingly curious. Once Airrak was satisfied he had it right, he absentmindedly handed the pot to the man in black, instructing him, “Put it on the fire.” The man mumbled under his breath but hesitantly complied. Within a few minutes, the contents of the pot had become a creamy substance. As Airrak was working, he could see Valen was sitting up and the newcomer warrior was bandaging his head where the bat creature had struck him.  
 Within a few very short minutes, Airrak was applying the creamy substance directly to the wound on Sir Tavannos’ shoulder. When he was finished with that, the Mage pulled a vial from one of his belt pouches and poured the bluish liquid down the Knight’s throat. Resigned that he had done all that he could, Airrak stood up and heaved a sigh. “Now we just have to wait and hope.”
 “When will we know?” Tarakis asked. He had been watching the Mage’s work with much interest.
 Airrak regarded him coolly for a second before he replied. “Half a day, perhaps. If he is conscious by morning it will be a good sign.” Having said that, the Mage moved to where Valen was sitting, the armored one having finished his work, knelt a few feet away.
 “How do you feel?” Airrak asked Valen.
 Valen regarded him a moment before answering. “I have had worse. Give it a few days and it will just be another scar. The Knight? Will he live?”
 The Mage shook his head. “I am not certain.” Valen could hear pain in Airrak’s voice. “But I have done all which I can do. We will know by the morning.”
 Valen eyed the two newcomers. “Who are your new friends?”
 Airrak looked at him and then realized he did not know who either of them were. “To tell you the truth, I do not know. They happened along during the fight and we have not exactly had the time for proper introductions.” When Airrak was done talking, both he and Valen glanced between the new arrivals. 
 There were a few moments of awkward silence before the big one spoke up. “I am Szarzekk of Under City. And my companion is Tarakis.” He gestured at the man in black.
 “My name is Airrak. And this is Valen Halen from Jwarl Avignon.” Both Szarzekk and Tarakis nodded in greeting. “My incapacitated friend there is Sir Tavannos. He and I are both from Vlondoria where I am a royal Archmage in service for his majesty, King Varandan the second.”
 “Now that we are all properly introduced, would you mind if I ask what brings the three of you out to the middle of nowhere?” Tarakis asked, having moved from where he was kneeling by the fire to where the other three were. “To the shores of a lake which nobody in this world cares about.”
 Both Valen and Airrak stared at him intently. “We might ask the same of you.” Valen responded. “It seems a minor miracle the two of you just happened to be nearby when we were set upon by those… things.” Valen rose to his feet rather shakily, then considered both the newcomers in silence with a cold stare.
Szarzekk stood slowly. “You were in need of assistance.” He took a moment to regard Valen and Airrak. “I am here for my Queen. I am a follower and disciple of the Lady of Undeath. She is my Queen and I her servant.”
Realization came to Airrak as he recalled the undead from his time of studying. “I have read of your people, from my studies, though I have never met one of you until now.”
 “That does not surprise me. We very rarely venture from the depths of our city.”
 Tarakis, who had been listening to this exchange with little interest, took this moment to interject. “As fascinating as all of this is, we are still waiting to learn why you are here.” He looked to Valen then Airrak.
 Valen conveyed caution when Airrak eyed him from the side, knowing full well that the Mage was about to speak up. “Sir Tavannos and I have come on assignment from our King, Varandan the second.”
Tarakis leaned in. “And your assignment is?”
Airrak cleared his throat. “Well, I am not quite certain.” The Rogue and Szarzekk both gave him questioning looks. “Yes, I know it sounds rather crazy but we were told there would be something of great importance here.”
“Well, I would agree with you that it does sound just plain crazy, and…” Tarakis paused, eyeing him sideways. “I would think even you were a little insane, if…” He paused again. “…if I had not experienced something even crazier myself.”
 Airrak’s eyes flew to his. “Well it would seem fate has conspired to bring us together for whatever its purpose is.” The Mage looked from Valen to Szarzekk before turning back to Tarakis and seeing that they all agreed to some extent, he added, “Very well, so now we are five.”


CHAPTER
4

Airrak, who was the last to take watch, was tending to his unconscious comrade when the first rays of the Darksun burst down upon them. If his anti-toxin mixture had worked, Tavannos would be regaining consciousness at any time. The Mage got up from where he had been sitting by the fire and went to wake his other companions who were still sleeping. Szarzekk, however, was sitting in a cross-legged position a short distance from the fire. Airrak, at first, thought he was awake but then he could tell that he appeared to be in some sort of a trance.
 “Wake up.” The Mage said as he lightly kicked Tarakis’ foot. “Valen, you too.” The two of them slowly started to rise and prepare for what the day would bring. “Szarzekk. Time to get moving.” Airrak went back to where Sir Tavannos lay.
 “Does he still live?” Asked Valen while he strapped on his sword.
 Airrak eyed him with irritation. “Yes. He still lives.”
 Tarakis began buckling on his sword belt. “I thought you said he would regain consciousness by now.”
The irritation was still in his eyes when he glanced at the Rogue. The Mage took a moment, noticing he still wore the half mask. “Do you not ever take that thing off? That stupid mask?” Seeing that Tarakis did not seem to be paying him any heed, he went on, “I mean, it is not like we do not know who you are. There is really no reason to remain concealed from us.”
Tarakis, who had finished strapping on his accoutrements, eyed him. “It is not concealment which I wear it for.”
 Airrak waited for him to go on, but seeing that nothing else was forthcoming, the Mage said, “Yes? If not for concealment, then why?”
 The Rogue fixed him with a stare. “My intention is not to conceal my presence, but rather to conceal my appearance from all.” He replied with more than just a bit of irritation of his own. Tarakis hesitated before continuing. “I have always found my appearance causes a touch of…uneasiness in others.”
 Szarzekk, who had been listening to their conversation, decided to interject. “My friend, you should learn to not be concerned by what others think of the way you look. I believe, with our present company at least, you will be judged by your actions and not by your appearance.” Airrak nodded at his statement but Valen just continued chewing on a piece of hard tack.
 “Those are noble sentiments indeed.” Tarakis said. “And I would tend to agree with you, if…” He paused a moment before going on when his eyes began to glow red and the visible skin of his face appeared to turn red as well. “If I had not been chased in my youth from one alley to another because of the way I looked!” The others could see his rage rising as he continued. “I can still hear the curses of those fools as I ran ahead of the rocks being thrown at me.” Tarakis forced himself to calm down. He took a couple of deep breaths, letting his eyes and skin return to normal. “So, you will pardon me if I choose to continue to wear this.” He indicated his face mask.
 Valen continued eating his food while gazing out onto the lake as Airrak and Szarzekk both shook their heads before returning to what they were doing, the incident basically forgotten.
 Airrak then heard Sir Tavannos let out a barely audible groan. A few seconds later, he slowly opened his eyes and seeing how bright the Darksun was, started blinking. The Mage hurried to his side and saw his eyes moving. “He wakes!” He said over his shoulder. Szarzekk and Tarakis moved to where Airrak was kneeling, Valen, however, did not move and continued to eat his rather meager breakfast.
 “Tavannos?” The Mage said as he gently shook his friend’s shoulder. “Can you hear me?” Slowly, the Knight opened his eyes as wide as he could and fixed him with a look.
 “Yes, I can hear you.” He uttered, though it was barely audible. He realized then how parched his throat was. “Water?” 
Airrak gave him a drink from his waterskin. “Can you sit up?”
Sir Tavannos unconsciously moved his hands to his legs. “I think so. My legs appear to still be there.” Slowly and with the assistance of Szarzekk and the Mage, he sat up. It was only then he noticed the two newcomers. He looked from Szarzekk to Tarakis and then quizzically at Airrak. “Who are these two? I am assuming they are friends since we appear to be sharing a campsite.” He glanced at Valen, sitting, and staring out at the lake. The Warrior had not paid him the slightest amount of attention.
 “They are friends.” Airrak replied. “They showed up during the battle to aid us.”
 “I am Szarzekk of Under City and my comrade over there is Tarakis.” Sir Tavannos nodded to each in turn as Szarzekk continued. “We believe that we may be here searching for the same thing which you and your two friends are also searching for, so it seemed sensible to group our efforts.”
Tavannos appeared a little startled by their appearances, but looking to, Airrak, and seeing him nod in agreement with what the odd-looking Warrior said, he relaxed a bit. For a few moments, he mulled the situation over in his head, then turned back to Valen. “And you, Sir Valen? You have nothing to add?”
 The Warrior turned from his observance of the lake. “No. I just say we get on with it. The sooner we discover what we are doing here, the sooner I can get back to more important things.”
 Tavannos shared a brief glance with the Mage, who rolled his eyes. “Do you suppose I can first get something to eat? I mean…” The Knight turned, eyeing Valen sideways as he added, “unless it would be a great inconvenience to delay you sir.”
 “Of course.” Airrak said. “You need to regain your strength. Those creatures packed a mighty wallop.”
 Sir Tavannos nodded to the Mage in agreement. “Indeed, they did.”

†

Within a short time, the companions were ready for whatever the day would bring. Of course, Sir Tavannos was not at a hundred percent but he was not about to show weakness in front of the others. The four who had horses, Tarakis being the exception, were walking them slowly along the shore while searching for something which none of them knew exactly what. They continued on like this for a couple of hours with very little being said between them and it was very obvious to each of them that frustration was starting to set in. 
 It was Valen who was the first to let it get the better of him. When he finally had enough, he stopped and shouted at the sky. “What in all the levels of Faustus am I doing here?” 
 Tarakis, always looking for a reason to mix things up with his wit, responded to Valen, “A little louder, perhaps? I am not certain they heard you on the seventh level.”
 “Tarakis!” Szarzekk chided the Rogue and then turned to Valen. “Peace friend. I am certain when the time is right, we will discover why we are here.”
 Valen looked at him incredulously. “And exactly when do you portend the time will be right, Warrior?”
 Szarzekk stared at him for a short while before responding. “I do not state to know the future at all; however, it stands to reason whatever force drove us all to this place will make its presence known to us when it determines it to be the right moment.”
 “Oh, for the love of the Gods.” Valen responded as he knelt down in aggravation.
 Meanwhile, Airrak had been only absently listening to their exchange, for something had caught his attention out in the lake.
 “I agree with Szarzekk.” Tavannos said, as he moved to the Warrior’s side. “I believe if we continue on with our present course, we will discover what we seek… eventually.”
 Valen was about to respond when the Mage cut off his retort. “Perhaps sooner rather than later.” He said, staring out across the lake.
 The others all peered at him questioningly, and seeing his gaze was directed out to the lake, they all turned to consider what drew his attention. 
 Rising from the water, perhaps a hundred yards out, was what appeared to be the form of a man dressed in flowing white robes. As he rose out of the lake, he started moving towards the shore where the companions stood. As he moved, the water crested around him as though it was purposefully parting for him. When the companions saw the man was approaching them at an incredibly rapid pace, the warriors instinctively drew their weapons. Even Tarakis was so taken aback by what his eyes were seeing that he drew his as well.
 Airrak regarded his companions, their weapons raised at the ready. “Peace everyone. I offer this, we are here searching for reason for us to be here, yes?” He looked at each of them. “Well…I think perhaps we have stumbled across it, or rather it is stumbling across us.”
 Slowly, the others sheathed their weapons, hearing the sense in his words, Valen being the last to do so and only with great reluctance. His eyes narrowed. “I hope you are right, Mage, for otherwise you have put us at a great disadvantage.”
 Tarakis had been watching the strange man approach. “He is almost upon us!” He uttered excitedly.
 He was indeed almost upon them. The companions could see as he moved closer that he was not actually walking on the water or using his legs really at all. Instead he appeared to be gliding over the water, or rather, propelled through it. They took a few instinctive steps back and in a matter of seconds, the man was out of the water and on the shore. He took a few steps away from the lake, then non-chalantly smoothed his robes and turned his attention to the five companions. It was then they got their first good look at the man. He appeared to be human, although his skin gave off a slight glow. He had long silvery-white hair with a long beard to match and his face bore a maze of wrinkles. He was weaponless, as they could see and stood with his arms slightly outstretched in peace.
 “Greeting and salutations!” The strange man in white said as he regarded each of them in turn. He blinked rapidly. “Is this all of you then? I was under the assumption there would be more of you.” The five stared at each other in confusion of their own.
 “Uh, yes, good sir. This is all of us, as far as we know.” Airrak replied after a moment with a frown.
 The man in white stared at the Mage briefly, his head slightly cocked as his eyes drifted over the others. They stayed that way in assessing silence when he finally turned back to the Mage. “Ah, right. The others went separately and I did take care if that already. Good. Good. Well, let us get started then.” The strange man then turned and started heading back towards the water.
 The companions stared at him, having trouble believing what they were seeing and hearing. Sir Tavannos spoke up, echoing the other’s thoughts. “Half a moment sir.” The Knight waited for the man in white to turn his way, then continued. “Meaning no disrespect sir, but perhaps you would not mind telling us what is happening here.” He briefly met the eyes of his companions, the wariness on their faces he knew would match his own. This being was indeed a conjuror of power, but for reasons not yet known, Sir Tavannos knew they must oblige him.
 The older man, hearing this, turned fully to face the Knight, and thought to himself for a few seconds before speaking. “Yes. Yes, quite right, introductions first. I do beg your forgiveness. It has been many of your years since I have had dealings with your kind and I got a little ahead of myself.” 
 The five companions stood their ground and waited for the odd visitor to enlighten them.
 He cleared his throat. “Now, first things first. I am Ravison.” The man made a show of a deep respectful, albeit awkward bow. “First Loremaster to the Lessers. And you are Sir Tavannos of Vlondoria, Lord Valen Halen of Jwarl Avignon, Airrak, also of Vlondoria, Szarzekk of Under City and Tarakis of… let us just say Jovian Falls.” As he spoke, he nodded at each of them in turn. “And I am here to show you the way to begin.”
“Well it appears introduction were not necessary, we seem to be old friends.” Tarakis japed, stepping forward. He raised a questioning eyebrow. “Begin what though?”
 Seemingly taken by surprise by his inquiry, Ravison answered with a huff, “Why, your quest, of course. Now, if there are no more questions, I request that you all follow me very closely, and yes, you may bring your beasts.” He gestured towards their horses with a wave, distaste written on his face.
 Tarakis narrowed his eyes, opening his mouth to protest when Airrak laid a hand on his shoulder and gave him a look that said ‘later’. Ravison, meanwhile, impatiently had turned and started walking back towards the water. Slowly and one by one, the companions followed, with no small amount of trepidation. Valen shook his head and then proceeded to follow.
 When he reached the water’s edge, Ravison looked over his shoulder, a bright gleam to his eyes as he said, “Well then, let us go.” Immediately, the water started bubbling around the odd gathering and within a matter of seconds, it was cresting under their feet and lifting them to stand atop the crests of the water. Ravison scanned around in seeming satisfaction and then started walking above the surface of the water. The companions were inexplicably pulled after him in such a manner they would have toppled headfirst off the crests and into the water if they had chosen not to follow the strange fellow.
 As the strange appearing group moved farther out into the lake, they picked up speed until they were moving so fast all was a blur around them. As this was going on, the water was cresting ever higher until it surrounded them to a height in excess of fifteen feet. This experience was not at all uncomfortable to any of them and as far as Tarakis, at least, was concerned, was over way to quickly as they suddenly found themselves standing on dry land again. They each exchanged glances with their friends and seemed to come to a similar conclusion simultaneously, they were standing on an island somewhere out in the middle of Crystal Lake. 
 Seemingly stating the obvious, Airrak was the first to express his thoughts out loud. “We are on an island!”
 “Determined that all by yourself, did you?” Tarakis snarked with a smirk.
 Sir Tavannos, still wincing a bit from the pain of his recent wound, shot Tarakis an acid glare but addressed the Mage. “Yes. That is my deduction as well.”
 Szarzekk nodded in agreement, patting down his chest as if to verify all was intact.
 “What else would our destination have been traveling over the lake in such a manner?” Valen voiced.
 “Where else indeed?” Tarakis asked. The question hung in the air as each in turn glanced around their surroundings. Almost as one, they turned to their peculiar guide, as if silently directing the same question to him.
 Ravison blinked and let out a short bellowing guffaw. “Well, it seems you all may not be quite as slow as I thought you might be, although that really remains to be seen.”
Valen took a rather threatening step towards the odd man, as if in challenge, and may actually have drawn his sword on him had Airrak not intervened with a calming hand on Valen’s shoulder. “Peace my friend.” The Mage said. “I have a feeling our guide here meant no direct insult with his comment.” Leaning close so only the Warrior would be able to hear him, he whispered, “I sense great power in this being, even other-planar power.”
 Valen shared a knowing glance with the Mage, eyeing Ravison up and down. Outwardly relaxing his stance, but his mind was still turning battle scenarios. In a small effort to save face, he cleared his throat. “Yes, well, I shall choose to overlook your insulting remark,” and then mumbled so quietly most did not hear him, “This time.”
 Ravison, seeing the exchange between the Mage and Warrior, spoke up. “Peace indeed, Valen. I assure you, and…” turning so he could address them all. “All of you, I mean you no ill will and I beg you overlook my last comment.” Ravison paused a moment in thought. “I forget the minds of humans are suspicious by nature, forgive me.”
 The companions exchanged confused glances with one another, but each seemed to relax noticeably, including Ravison.
 The Loremaster seemed pleased with himself and clasped his hands. “Excellent. Now then, as I indicated before our journey, I am…”
 Tarakis suddenly chimed in. “Half a moment here. Journey? You speak as if we have sojourned a great distance.” He crossed his arms over his leather bound chest.
 Not appearing to be put out at all by the interruption, Ravison nodded slowly at Tarakis. “You are extremely perceptive my good Rogue. That is good. It will serve you well in the future.” He gave another nod as if agreeing with himself. “Indeed we did just complete a great sojourn, as you put it, and if I may beg your indulgence for a short time further, I am certain your questions will be answered. As will all of yours.” Ravison said and then paused a brief moment to collect himself before returning. “Now then, as I told you previously, I am known throughout the multiverse as Ravison. I am the First Loremaster to the Lessers, those beings which you would know as the Gods and Goddesses.” He took a breath to continue but did not give them any time to formulate any questions. Time enough for those later, he thought to himself. “And, also as I stated earlier, I have been sent to you to show you the way to begin.”
 Tarakis, frustrated, and not normally one to bite his tongue, stepped forward with a glare. “Begin what?” He snapped, ignoring the stares from some of his companions. His eyes locked with Valen’s in silent agreement for a moment before he continued. “I for one am getting very exhausted over all the vague riddles and rhymes. Now for the love of those Gods which you seem to serve, would you just tell us, what is this thing driving us to the point of losing all reason?” By the time he was finished with his semi-tirade, he noted even the Knight and the overly polite Airrak looked toward the Loremaster in question.
“Damnation man, tell us!” The normally proper Knight agreed, breaking his usual decorum.
“And one more thing… what does all this have to do with my mother?” Tarakis added, thinking about what the Spector had told him. “The… messenger said it was the wish and will of my mother that I come here. Even though she has been dead for a very long time.”
Ravison, simply picked up where he left off. “In order for me to answer your questions and set you off in the right direction, it is necessary to impart some information to you all which you may find somewhat difficult to believe. But first, we will need to complete our journey together.” The Loremaster turned, glanced over his shoulder briefly. “So, if you will gather up your beasts and belongings we will head to The Circle of Eternity.”
The Circle of Eternity, Valen thought back to his dreams, but remained quiet.
The odd man had already began walking at a steady pace toward the center of the island as the others began to follow. Lost in their own thoughts, silence had befallen the party, the only sound being the soft pounding of the hooves on the flat land below them. “Circle of Eternity.” Airrak suddenly muttered. “That I have come across in my studies.”
 “You know what he is speaking of?” Tarakis asked. “Well then, come Mage, impart your oh great wisdom upon us.”
 “Yes, yes. Do tell.” Valen said. Even the Mage’s friend, Tavannos stared at him with the question on his face. Only Szarzekk continued to appear uninterested, or rather not surprised by the reference to this Circle of Eternity.
 Airrak suddenly had a thought that perhaps he was treading where it was not his place to tread. He did not want to subvert the authority of what was at most a very powerful other-planar being and at least, potentially, a well-regarded servant, he came to the conclusion it was not his place to impart this knowledge to his companions in their present circumstances. He considered his friends. “Perhaps it best to let the Loremaster speak his mind on the matter. I fear my knowledge may not yet do it justice.”
 Ravison stopped and turned around with a very gentle look on his face and perhaps also just a hint of mischievousness. “That is an excellent suggestion Mage. And I promise all of you to do just that as soon as the moment is right and we are all within the Circle.”
 “Very well then, sir…” Tarakis said in a poorly disguised moment of sarcasm. “It would appear we are your eager audience and are at your disposal.” He added with more of the same. “What mode of travel are we to take to this Circle? Hmm? Riding on the tops of dust clouds perhaps? Or maybe we will travel in the arms of the bushes?” This brought a snort from behind from the stoic Valen Halen.
 Ravison chuckled at the front. “I thought we would take a leisurely stroll. It is only a short distance away.”
Tarakis made a show of a mockingly low bow. “Then please do lead on good sir.”
 A short time later, the party came upon a small clearing as an aura of anticipation settled over them. The Circle, as it was, was formed by twelve individual stone archways of eight feet tall with a spread from leg to leg of eight feet as well. The outside point of the leg of each arch touched the ones on either side of it, making entry into the Circle only by means of through one of the archways. The stone which the arches were formed from was very dark and incredibly smooth, although none of the companions could discern of what type of stone they were wrought. In the center of the Circle was an enormous tree, its green leaves full of life and a great stone altar of eight feet by eight feet formed from the same stone as the arches.
 The companions gazed in wonder at what they beheld for the whole was most definitely not constructed by any of the mortal races. “There is powerful magic at work here.” Airrak said, being the first to break their silent marveling.
 Sir Tavannos went to stand next to his friend. “Can you discern its source?”
 Airrak gazed at the Knight as if he were being awoken from a pleasant dream and shook his head slowly. “No. I cannot. My most powerful spells and rituals could not pierce the source.”
 Tavannos had learned to trust the Mage’s opinions and feeling over the years they worked together, especially with regards to forces arcane in nature. Also, Airrak never japed or exaggerated where his own power was concerned.
 Even the normally irreverent Tarakis was reserved and respectful within the Circle, something which definitely caught the others attention. In fact, all of the companions, with the exception of Szarzekk, appeared absolutely overwhelmed by their surroundings. Szarzekk had simply entered the circle and then set himself down in his ‘sleeping’, meditating, position directly in front of and facing the altar.
 Ravison noted the Undead Warrior’s action. “Yes, you remember it, do you not?” The others overheard this and turned around to see whom the Loremaster was addressing.
 After a few seconds, Szarzekk stared up at Ravison and then regarded his new companions. “Indeed, I do.” He said, with his strangely hollow sounding voice. “It is a day I will never forget.” Ravison motioned for him to continue as the others moved closer.
 Szarzekk rose to his feet and spoke loudly so all could hear him. “It is a day I will never forget because I remember nothing which came before it.” He paused as if trying to find the words. “It was when I was reborn undead. Reborn as my mother’s son, or rather half-son.”
“Yes. Go on.” Ravison encouraged gently, like he knew the weight Szarzekk carried was a heavy burden. He gave a soft nod.
“The day my mother, The Lady Vaylerus, Queen of the Undead and Goddess of undeath gave me her lifeforce and I was reborn as I am now.” 
 A heavy silence followed as the strange words sank through his audience. Tarakis suddenly raised his hands. “Half a moment.” He shook his head as if to try and argue against his thoughts. “If what you are saying is to be true, you are the son of a Goddess.”
 Although Szarzekk nodded to Tarakis in confirmation, Ravison spoke up. “Half-son actually. The Lessers cannot have children amongst themselves because they cannot breed, however, they can sire offspring through other means, such progeny being effectively half-Gods or Immortals.” He trailed off, putting a hand on Szarzekk’s silver pauldron. “Szarzekk is the immortal son of the Goddess of Undeath.”
 The others peered at Szarzekk with a mixture of wonderment, disbelief, and perhaps a hint of fear.
 “So, this is how your race prorogates? On an altar?” Airrak asked Szarzekk with equal parts amazement and disgust in his voice.
 Szarzekk did not seem put out by the question at all, but rather answered the Mage matter of factly. “Yes. Although only I received the gift on this altar. Most of my people were conceived on the altar or created within Under City.” 
 Airrak, frowned at the Undead Warrior’s use of the word’s ‘people’, ‘gift’ and ‘conceived’ in the context he was using them in. He felt the need to comment further. “From all my time of learning and knowledge and everything I know of the world, it all seems so unnatural and well… evil.”
 This did make Szarzekk react. He moved menacingly towards the Mage and stopped just short of drawing his weapons. Instead of his sword though, he thrust his armor clad finger at Airrak and shouted, “You dare call my people unnatural and evil?” His anger was rising, and the others were being drawn in. Tarakis and Valen were quick to defend the Undead Warrior while Sir Tavannos rushed to his friend’s aid. 
 No one had drawn any weapons, but Ravison decided he had to stop the insanity before it went too far. “A little theatrics are now in order.” He said to himself as he raised both his hands to the sky and brought them down hard in a downward thrust towards the altar. As his hands came down, so did two bolts of silver lightning, crashing upon the altar with a deafening thunder-crack. The resulting explosion rumbled on for a full ten seconds, although the altar itself was unharmed, the results were exactly what Ravison was aiming for. All five of the companions dove to the ground and once they were able to hear again, they each gazed up at the Loremaster.
 Ravison, for his part, appeared very nonchalant. He paused before addressing them all. “You have all missed my point. Why were you all brought together? What common thread unites you all with the same purpose?” He let his words sink in. “Yes, Szarzekk was created, in the manner of his people. A half-son of his Goddess mother, an immortal. And moreover, his mother decided to impart such knowledge to him. Why? The reason is his mother’s and hers alone. Do you not see?”
 “See?” Tarakis asked, speaking up first as usual. “See what? That is great! Szarzekk is an immortal, proud to know him. But what does it have to do with me…or them?” He included a grandioso hand gesture towards Valen, Airrak and Sir Tavannos.
 At about the same time which the Rogue had spoken, Valen said, “I do not see anything but more vagaries and partial information! Tell me what it is I should see.”
 Sir Tavannos was about to add to the cacophony of voices as recognition of what Ravison was alluding to started to become clearer. 
 Ravison decided the moment was now. He had to speak loudly and forcefully to be heard but he managed to finally get all of their attention. He took a deep breath. “My point is this. You were all brought together to serve a purpose because of whom and what you are. Why Szarzekk’s mother decided to include him in on the knowledge of what he is, is known to no one other than her and perhaps him. Why other Gods and Goddesses chose not to tell their offspring who and what they are, also lies only with those Gods and Goddesses. But the simple fact is, my friends, and this I know for certain; you are all half-sons of the Gods and Goddesses. You are all, the five of you, immortals.”
 There was a definite silence amongst the companions who were all shocked and amazed at the revelation. Ravison decided to take advantage of the silence to go on. “I do not know which Gods or Goddesses sired which of you. That knowledge will be imparted to you by the God who sired you, when they chose to, if ever. But that is it. It is why you were brought together. Our world needs you, so it is time to begin your quest, immortals.”
 Airrak rubbed his chin in thought, taking several moments to consider everything before he spoke. “That cannot be! I had a mother and a father. I remember them both clearly and I can assure you neither of them was a God.” Ravison only stared at him as the Mage went on, “One reason I know they were not Gods is because both of them are dead. They died when I was young.”
 “I remember my parents clear as day as well.” Sir Tavannos said. “And they also died when I was rather young. It is impossible that either of them were a God.”
 Valen’s brows furrowed as his listened to his companions. “Mine also were killed when I was but a child.”
 A rather sly smile crept across Ravison’s face. He brushed down on his long beard. “Hmm, I see a pattern developing here.” Ravison clasped his hands together, eager that pieces of the puzzle were falling into place. “Well, in my opinion these are just too similar to be coincidences.” The Loremaster turned to Tarakis, who had been listening to his three companions incredulously. “And you? Do you also have memories of parents which are similar to your friends?”
 Tarakis looked up from the ground where his gaze had been fixed and stared at Ravison with his red eyes. “Blazing Blarth no! You see, I have always known I was parented by something extra-planar.” He pulled down his face mask when he answered the man. Pale scaly skin shined like diamonds in the light of the Darksun as he glowered at the Loremaster. He had two small horns that could now be seen protruding out from his forehead, sharp and almost painful looking. “I have no memories of the demon who sired me.” He hissed, revealing gleaming fangs.
 Ravison seemed nonplused by his appearance as he patiently regarded the Demon-kind. “Yes, well then that is to your benefit as you will be more ready to understand and except the gifts which your Godly parent chooses to bestow upon you, whatever they happen to be.” He said.
 Valen tore his eyes away from Tarakis, recovering. “Gifts? What manner of gifts are you referring to? Items of great power? Wealth?”
 Both Airrak and Sir Tavannos also perked up at the mention of gifts, their eyes lifting. Ravison smiled almost sadly. “You are so very human.” Valen raised an eyebrow at this, but the Loremaster continued. “I do not know what manner of things each of your Godly parents will choose to bestow upon you. It is their wishes and I am not privy to their wills or intentions.” Ravison paused briefly. “And as I indicated earlier, I do not know who your parents are.” Ravison turned to the Undead Warrior. “Perhaps you can share some information regarding the manner of blessings which your mother has bestowed upon you, if you are allowed to discuss such things.”
 The three human companions, upon hearing this, turned to face Szarzekk, who seemed rather put out by the request. “Yes.” Valen said. “Come on man. Tell us what great and marvelous gifts you have received.”
 Szarzekk seemed slightly irritated by this latest exchange. After a few minutes he seemed to make up his mind about what he was going to say and turned to address Ravison first. “I am not certain I would call them gifts, but I have received no instructions from my mother regarding what I am allowed to speak of or not.” He then turned his attention to Valen, Airrak and Tavannos. Tarakis, who had replaced his face mask, was leaning against one of the arches and appeared lost in thoughts of his own. Szarzekk chose his words carefully before continuing. “One of the first things I realized was that I healed from my battle wounds at an extremely enhanced rate. As you can imagine, with my chosen profession this has been particularly useful.” 
 Both Valen and Sir Tavannos nodded their understanding of his last statement. Useful indeed, thought Valen.
 Szarzekk went on. “My sight and hearing have both improved significantly, as has my perception of my environment.”
 “I can see those things being a benefit to all.” Airrak said.
 Szarzekk nodded his agreement to the Mage before continuing. “My weapons.” He pulled his great sword from its sheath and turned the hilt with calmness in his hollow voice. “Both forged with my mother’s assistance. This and my great axe have proven to be invaluable and I attribute my continued existence to my having them.” He sheathed the weapon once more and regarded the others.
 “Regarding this continued existence…” Airrak said. “Quite frankly…can we be killed? Because it most assuredly seemed like Sir Tavannos very nearly was when we faced the bat creatures this past night.”
 Szarzekk eyed Ravison, who made to answer the Mage’s question. But before he could, Airrak added, “And will we age? And what of sickness?”
 Before the Mage continued with his barrage of questions, Ravison raised his hands in silence. “To answer your first question, yes, potentially, you can be killed. Given the right unfortunate circumstances, it has proven to be possible. Although, in time I imagine it would be most difficult.” Airrak, Valen and Tavannos shared a look as Ravison continued, “As to the other situations, I would follow the example of the Gods themselves. As is common knowledge, the Gods do not age, although their appearances can change over the years. And as for sickness, again by example of the Gods, they are not susceptible to sickness of any kind.”
 The three stood in silence as they absorbed the information. Even Tarakis had drifted closer with growing interest.
 Ravison, seeming to grow a little impatient, addressed them all. “While I am certain your heads are swarming with questions of all kinds, curiosity must now give way to prudence.” His expression suddenly became sullen. “This is a great burden which has suddenly been thrust upon all of you, as well as a gift. Our world has need of you. The Bursting will soon be upon us and the only way to stop the catastrophe is to retrieve the three holy weapons of the Greaters. This you must do, for nothing less than the continued existence of our world hangs in the balance.”
“But…” Tarakis uttered.
 “No more interruptions please.” The Loremaster sternly said with a raised hand and the Rogue closed his mouth. “You must now begin the first leg of your quest. Your next destination is the Library of the Seekers in the town of Janardan, where you are to meet Master Raith. He will enlighten and instruct you further.
 Although there was concern in their eyes, all five of the demigods fixed Ravison with a gaze that communicated their understanding and agreement with their charge. Even Tarakis appeared determined.
 Ravison considered them and thought to himself, heroes indeed. “In parting I offer you these three pieces of advice. First off, you must make haste for the reason I mentioned. This calamity will not wait. Secondly, be aware of your heritage. While you may not know whose son you are, you do know it is one of the Gods. This is for certain. Understand a gift for what it is and embrace it. And thirdly, be wary, for just as certain as you exist there are most definitely powerful individuals and groups who will work to thwart your endeavors.” He gazed at each with a fond, hopeful smile. “And with this advice, I will leave you to begin your quest. If all goes well, you will not meet me again. Good journey and good luck.” In a blink, Ravison was suddenly gone, and the companions found themselves back on the shore with their horses present, in exactly the same place they had been before their strange encounter.
 They stood there for several moments in stunned silence, evidently pondering all which they had discovered. “We are immortals.” Valen said proudly after having finally broken the silence.
 It was then which they heard the most ridiculous sound any of them had ever heard. The source of it being Tarakis. Four sets of eyes drifted down on him, but the Rogue was not on his feet. He was doubled over on the ground, clutching at his sides, and laughing so hard, it appeared as if he were in pain.
 “Immortals…” Was all Tarakis said as he continued laughing hysterically.

CHAPTER
5

The sky was without a single cloud, which was a rare occurrence during the breezy harvest season on Rystarr. The newly acquainted companions traveled with all haste through the heavily wooded forest in Janardan, having had decided that cutting through the forest would shed time on their trek instead of staying to the paths. Since departing Pembrook six days ago they were anxious to finally reach the library and speak with this Master Raith.
 “You are certain this is the correct way?” Xilton asked Darius. 
 “I am.” Was his only reply as he pushed through the thick foliage.
 “Should not be much longer.” Said Kai’las, taking up the rear. “I hope.” He mumbled, growing quite bored with the uneventful journey thus far. He stopped a moment and let out a breath when a pale blue butterfly landed on the back of his hand. Kai’las raised his hand and began to speak to the delicate creature in his musical language, a small smile grazing his lips.
 Xilton’s ears perked up. “What language did you just speak?” She had studied many languages at the Monastery but had never heard one quite like it before. The graceful way at which the words flowed from his mouth came out like a melody.
 “An ancient language of my ancestors.” Kai’las replied without making eye contact. He watched as the butterfly flew away.
 “Is there a name for it? I have never heard anything like it.”
 “Yes, I am certain there is.” He kept his eyes focused elsewhere. The Monk was young, he noted, but the spark of intellect in her eyes was bright.
 “Who were your ancestors?” Xilton prodded, her curiosity piqued.
 “Old people who would hold no interest of yours, I am sure.” Came his vague reply as a particular buckle on his armor became a sudden interest.
 Xilton recognized the aversion then bowed her head apologetically. “I… oh, is it something you wish to not speak of? I do understand the need to keep secrets, so if you do not wish to speak of it…”
Kai’las raised his brows and grinned. “Secrets. Ah, the mysteries of the veiled. Would you like to hear a few?” He whispered. “For there are many which I hold. Some would even make your ears turn pink. Like the Barmaid at the Inn in Vlondoria who lifts her skirts in the broom closet.” He watched as her cheeks turned a slight shade of red. “Or the Lord in Andoria who sneaks his mistresses in at twilight while his wife lays asleep.” The Monk swallowed hard and cleared her throat, unable to hide her embarrassment, her question from before completely forgotten. He smiled mischievously.
 “The air grows cold.” Shadowhawk’s breath came out in wisps as she raised the hood of her cloak. Her eyes shifted around in uncertainty.
 “Odd, I did not think it could get any colder with you close by, D’ae Feon.” Kai’las remarked, earning a scowl from her.
 “No. I think the Elf is right.” Darius agreed while draping his cloak over Xilton’s shivering shoulders. Thick and fluffy clouds formed above them and within seconds, soft powdery snow began to drift down upon them.
 “Hmm.” Kai’las peered up at the snow clouds with humor in his pale eyes. “Clever.”
 “Clever?” Darius grumbled. “I would say highly inconvenient.” He regarded Xilton who appeared much warmer in her borrowed cloak except for her sandaled feet which had turned a shade of blue from the biting cold. “Have you no boots?”
Shaking her head. “No. I usually have no need for them. Throughout the years, my body has adapted to the changing of the seasons. But to be honest, I did not plan to be trailing through snow this time of the year.” She paused in thought. “Although if I am away from the monastery for a time and the weather changes drastically, I will consider purchasing a pair.”
 Shadowhawk cursed in elven as she stepped lightly in the now heavy snow. “What is the purpose of this? It seems to me there are other ways of getting our attention. If it is what they wish.”
 “It is more than that.” Kai’las stated, falling behind the others as he stopped to shake the snow from his cloak. He waved a hand softly and the clouds dissipated, the snow on the ground instantly vanishing and all around them flowers sprouted up and bloomed in an assortment of various bright colors.
 “The Gods be good.” Xilton muttered in awe as she ceased walking and took in the sight before them. “I did not realize this many species of flowers existed.”
 “Nor I.” Darius replied, a frown set upon his brow. He looked ahead where the colorful blooms completely blanketed the forest floor. “We should move along. Obviously, there is a spellcaster nearby setting off these spells. No telling what he has in mind for us.”
 “Yes. One never knows.” Kai’las agreed with a grin while he trailed behind his three companions admiring the results of his handiwork. Whoever the Mage was who cast the spell bringing about the snowfall, Kai’las was fairly certain he may have angered him by breaking it, not that he was concerned. His grin widened as his eyes flickered with a prism of colors.
 “I feel I do not like the snow much.” Xilton expressed after a time. Removing the black cloak, she proceeded to pass it to Darius. “Many thanks.”
 “Hold on to it for now.” He said while glancing at the sky. “Something tells me you may still have need of it.” Darius turned to Shadowhawk. “Could you perceive if we were followed?”
 “We were not followed from Pembrook.” The Elf insisted. “This magic user made contact in Janardan. I am certain of it.”
 “The coward hides in the shadows of the trees.” Darius gritted his teeth as a blanket of clouds poured over them once more, encasing them in darkness. All the flowers surrounding them started welting and dying away as rain began pouring in heavy falls, instantly soaking them.
 “You have angered the mage causing this.” Shadowhawk griped. “This is certain to prolong our journey.”
 “His intention all along, Elf.” Darius growled. Rain soaked his dark hair and splattered off his leather armor.
 “He would be close by.” Kai’las muttered. 
 “He would.” Darius agreed. His eyes scanned their surroundings through the curtain of rain. Had he blinked he would have missed the dark form to their left, between two large oak trees. Darius tensed and shot forward, his hand reaching for one of his swords. Several bolts of lightning sparked suddenly, startling him, and making him freeze in place. In the next moment, the rain ceased and the rays of the Darksun peeked through the forest once more. He straightened and turned back to his companions.
 “The spellcaster?” Xilton whispered in question.
 Darius raised a hand in silence, his senses on alert. He crouched to the earth, tapping lightly on the soil, and frowned as his hand came back completely dry. Sudden movement in his peripheral made him turn his head sharply, his eyes narrowed. In a small clearing in the distance and moving at a fast pace toward them was a wall of thick fog, encasing everything in darkness as it passed.
 “Parlor tricks.” Kai’las said with a grin. He moved past Darius and stepped closer to the thick fog. He gave a soft wave of his hand and the fog gathered together forming a massive orb. Another wave sent the orb flying through the trees where it dispersed upon impact and then vanished. Kai’las turned with a wide grin, pleased with himself, and regarded his surprised companions with a carefree wave of his hand. 
 Shadowhawk stood with her arms folded, an impressed smirk on her face. “Perhaps you will serve a purpose after all.” She calmly said causing a snicker to escape from Kai’las’ mouth. “Did I speak something amusing?”
 He shook his head. “I am trying to decide if that was a compliment of not.” 
 “Take it as you wish. I was merely trying to find a purpose for your presence. It seems I may have found one.”
 “Ah, D’ae Feon, I serve many purposes. It is a shame you will never experience any of my pleasurable talents.” Kai’las smiled mischievously and winked, earning a glower from the Elf who fell back letting the others pass by her.
 “Humans.” She grumbled quietly and then added, “Disregard what I said... you serve no purpose here.”
 Darius took a few steps and stopped, turning to the Elf. “Are you certain we were not followed from Pembrook? You found no tracks?”
 Shadowhawk narrowed her eyes. “I have found nothing. Or perhaps I have and chose not to disclose the information to you.”  
 Darius let out a slow hiss, the elf’s arrogance was supremely irritating. Ignoring her, he fell into step beside Kai’las who was wearing a look of amusement. “Something funny?” Darius grumbled.
 “No. However, I have learnt long ago that sometimes it is best just to pretend there is.”

†

They found the door to the ancient library unlocked and the room appeared to have been unused for quite some time. The companions cautiously entered one by one. Heavy cobwebs draped down the line of rusted torches along the dank walls, the smell of mildew was a thickness in the air. Kai’las waved a hand and flames lit up on every torch throughout the room, brightening the space with an eerie light. 
 Darius’ eyes noted a scurrying rat along the far wall move away from the light. He frowned, perhaps wishing to be blinded to what else lurked about the abandoned library, but nodded at Kai’las in gratitude just the same. Removing a torch from the wall close to him, Darius moved to take a step forward when Shadowhawk grabbed his arm, pulling him back. Without a word, the Elf took her sword and lightly tapped the corner of the stone in front of him and immediately spikes shot up through its center. Darius cursed his carelessness, and roughly shrugged out from the Elf’s grip. Shadowhawk stepped back with a glare but remained silent, much to his appreciation. A debt was made.
“Well, that is going be a problem.” Kai’las carefully stepped around Shadowhawk and crouched down to get a better look at the stone floor. Upon closer inspection, he could see a maze of fine line webbing crisscrossing over the entire surface. He stood straight. “Whoever set this up knew exactly what they were doing.”
Shadowhawk sighed with disgust as her eyes wandered. The library was laid out with wall to wall bookshelves, tables scattered about and a few overturned chairs. “Could we not set them off somehow? Possibly throw books onto the tiles?”
“If only it were that simple.” Kai’las answered. “Usually most traps like this will reset themselves within minutes, possibly even seconds. I for one would not want to risk it.” He grinned wickedly. “If you would like to try though… I would not stop you.” The Elf fixed him with a sharp gaze while Kai’las returned with a roll of his eyes. “Are you always this serious, D’ae Feon?”
“Yes. Especially when the circumstances are dire.” She answered coldly. “Are we to stand here all day counting rats?”
Xilton snorted behind her as she adjusted the pack on her shoulder. “Is there anything that can be done, Kai’las? Do you not know magic?”
Kai’las laughed. “No, my dear, I cannot. This is not magic, these are mechanical traps. There is a difference. It is obvious whoever set these, clearly did not want anyone coming in poking around.”
Darius eyed the other man. “How do you know so much about traps?”
The corner of his mouth tipped up. “I spent a good deal of time with a beautiful rogue. We exchanged our talents. Seems a lifetime ago.” Kai’las’ last words were spoken quietly with a wistful smile as he peered at a door towards the far end of the room.
“What do you see?” Darius asked, having noticed him staring across the room.
“Hmm...I am not certain. The inner door does not look quite right to me. The doorframe, to the right. Down low.”
 Darius narrowed his eyes toward the frame but the flickering light from the torch made it difficult for him to discern anything.
 A wide smile spread across Kai’las’ face. “I know what it is. A lever. Kind of defeats the purpose.” He chuckled. “Clever though. It is something I would have done.”
 Shadowhawk’s eyes focused where Kai’las was staring and with her elven eyes she was able to see the lever clearly, though after she had searched for it. “He is correct.” She folded her arms. “But it does us no good at the other side of the room.” 
 Kai’las sighed. “Your eyesight appears fine but perhaps your hearing is not so good.” He said jokingly but the look she gave him had shown that she saw no humor in his words. “That is essentially what I just said, D’ae Feon.”
 Darius turned toward the man, his brows furrowed in confusion. “How did you see that?” His eyes shifted, turning cautious, guarded. Suddenly keenly aware of how little he knew of this stranger, his motley companions. Had he been here before? Are we walking into a trap?
Kai’las seemed to sense the Warrior’s growing suspicion and clasped him on the shoulder with a wink. “Keen eyesight.”
Xilton, the farthest back in the group, cocked her head as she glanced around the space. Her eyes settled at the top of the closest shelf of books. Without a word, Xilton backed up and took four running steps before pushing off of the ground and jumping up onto the closest ten-foot-tall bookshelf. The others watched in surprise while she crossed the room by leaping gracefully from bookshelf to bookshelf. When she reached the last one, the Monk bent down pulling out a dusty book from the top shelf and tossed it onto the tile closest to the lever by the inner door. They all seemed to breathe a sigh in relief. Xilton jumped down onto the very same tile and reached to pull the lever back, her actions causing a loud mechanical groan to sound off throughout the room. “It should be safe to cross now.”
Kai’las chuckled. “Should be?” He eyed the Elf. “D’ae Feon, after you.” He grinned when Shadowhawk gave him her coldest face. “Not that I do not trust you mind.” Kai’las said to Xilton while pulling a book from one of the shelves. “But when it involves iron spikes I truly have to see it for myself.”
“Of course.” The Monk replied with a slight bow if her head.
Kai’las threw the book onto one of the tiles and when nothing happened he smiled and bowed apologetically. “Forgive me for doubting you.”  
“For being cautious? Brother Malachai states a cautious man is a wise man.” Xilton reached for the inner door handle and waited for the others to join her before turning it. The door opened wide enough to uncover a brightly lit room. Before stepping in, she turned back to review the room they had just come in from. “Sorcery.” She hissed. Tables and chairs arranged as if they had just left a calm resting spot. The space was clean and smelled of rolled parchment.
“So, it would seem.” Darius replied and whispered to Kai’las, “I thought you said it was not magic.”
Kai’las grinned. “I said the traps were not magical. I spoke nothing of the room itself.”
Darius rolled his eyes. “I suppose we should have clarified that.” He took a step forward into the new room when out stepped from behind a bookshelf what he first thought to be a very small man. He stood at approximately three feet tall with pointed ears, a large bulbous nose and shoulder length dark hair with a neatly trimmed beard and mustache. Wearing long dark blue mage robes, round glasses, and a pointed hat, matching the color of his robes, Darius recognized his race instantly. “A Gnome?” He whispered with surprise, wondering if this was the Librarian they were to speak with. For reasons he could not explain, it was one of the last things Darius would have expected.
“Ah, come in, come in.” The Gnome said with a wide grin, motioning them into the room. “I have been expecting you.”
Xilton took a step further into the room, glancing around. The room was arranged similarly as the previous one. Wall to wall bookshelves were lined with extremely old tomes and a few sets of tables and chairs were placed strategically between. Turning her attention to the Librarian, she said, “Master Gnome, we seek the audience of the Librarian Raith. Might you be him?”
The incredibly jovial Gnome clapped his hands together excitedly. “Indeed I am. And I am at your service, Xilton.” He said with a bow.
The Monk took a step towards him. “You know who I am.”
“Indeed. I perhaps know more about the lot of you than you know of yourselves.” The grin never left the Gnome’s face as he glanced at each of them judging their reactions with uncontained excitement. “Apologies for the previous room but it really was most necessary. Not for you, mind but for others.” He paused. “An illusion spell you see. You would not believe the riffraff which tramples through this land.” He tapped his chin in thought. “Although, I suppose I should have removed it once I was told you were coming. How typical of me to think of it after the fact. Perhaps I should try and remember to remove it for the others.” He frowned. “On second thought…”
 “Others?” Darius questioned.
 “Oh, all in good time.” The Librarian waved a dismissive hand.
 “An incredible amount of iron in that room.” Kai’las mumbled from the doorway.
 The Gnome’s eyes widened. “Oh, by the Gods, I was not even considering the iron spikes. My apologies, Kai’las. I do hope they were no trouble for you.” He motioned with his hands giving the man no time to respond. “Please come in, have a seat and do make yourselves comfortable.”
 “I do not understand the purpose of an illusion spell.” Xilton said.
 “Well you see, we are not open to the public. So, we must give the appearance that the library has not been used in several years and the illusion spell assists with that.”
 “Have you tried locking the door?” Kai’las remarked dryly.
 “The door is kept locked.” He defended with a huff of his chest. “Though there are times when a lock does not keep some people out.”
 Kai’las exchanged a look with Darius. “The door was unlocked when we entered.” The Warrior said.
 “Hmm?” The Gnome muttered, seemingly puzzled but equally delighted at the newest development.
Drifting further into the room they chose a table at the far end where it appeared as though the Gnome had been sitting at previously, judging by all the books piled up on the table and the chair which had been pulled out. Kai’las chose to remain standing, leaning against the nearest bookshelf while his companions set aside their packs and prepared to take seats.
“Now, I am certain you all have many questions for me.” Raith said as he made his way toward the table from the far side. “I will do my best to answer all which I can.”
“Can you tell us of this message? And this Ravison.” Xilton spoke up first while she unloaded an armful of books from the chair, stacking them on the end of the table before taking her seat.
Shadowhawk was not so gentle with the two old tomes she found on her chair, giving them a careless swipe onto the floor, she took her seat. “How do you know of us?” She added, crossing her arms. 
“The letter was incredibly vague.” Darius stated.
“That it was.” Raith agreed. “It was sent rather hastily you see.” He stopped and looked at Kai’las. “Would you like to add anything to the list of questions, Kai’las?”
 He smiled. “I do have my questions as well, good sir. Though, I will hold off speaking them for a time as to not overwhelm you.” His eyes met the Librarian’s and he wondered how much the Gnome truly knew of them.
 “How very thoughtful of you, Kai’las.” Raith replied. “I must say...it is good to see you have...toned it down a bit.” The Gnome laughed. “Had you not, I fear the females would be swooning all over you, and...” He snorted and playfully jabbed Kai’las with an elbow. “And possibly even the Warrior a tad bit as well, eh.” Kai’las sighed and immediately lowered his head, not noticing the looks of confusion on his companions faces.
 “Is there something we should know about?” Darius asked, a dark eyebrow raised.
 The Gnome pushed his glasses up and said, “No. Not at the moment.” He stepped around the table, arranging three large novels atop the seat of a wooden chair. He jumped up, wiggling until he was comfortable with his newfound height. “Now, let us move on to more important matters. As for your inquiry, Xilton... Ravison is the First Loremaster to the Lesser Gods.”  
 “Yes, we did understand that much.” Shadowhawk remarked while leaning back in her chair. “What precisely does a Loremaster do?”
 “Ah, I see. Well, he uh… he…” Raith frowned, pausing in thought before he chuckled and added, “Well, how about that, my mind is a blank.” Darius exchanged concerned glances with Kai’las as Raith scratched his head. “It has been so long since I have been asked that particular question. I do recall he is a very important figure.”
 Xilton smiled and politely said, “Perhaps we should just continue on, Master Raith.”
 “Very good.” The Gnome said as if satisfied. “Now, let us return to the inquiries.” He turned to Shadowhawk who appeared as if she could care less about anything they were discussing. “How do I know of you, you ask? I have known… some of you since the beginning of your time.”
Shadowhawk scoffed and crossed her arms. She certainly had no desire to entertain such a notion. “Impossible.”
 “No, not impossible.” Raith chuckled. “I do have my ways and believe me; it has not always been easy. When you were first brought into this world, I was charged with keeping a close watch on you.” He looked at each of them in turn. “You and others like you.”
 Xilton frowned. “What do you mean others like us?”
 “Oh dear. I see they have left everything for me to explain.” He mumbled to himself, oddly peering toward the ceiling. “This makes me highly uncomfortable. How should I say this?” Raith took a deep breath. “Let me ask you this...what do you know of your parents?” 
 Kai’las stood looking amused while his three companions began speaking at once, each of them attempting to talk over the other two.
 Raith held up his hand, silencing them. “One at a time please.” He turned to the Monk. “Xilton, tell me of your parents.”
 The Monk shook her head. “I... I know nothing them. They died when I was an infant. Killed by bandits during a raid on our village.”
 Raith nodded and turned next to the Warrior. “And you, Darius?”
 The man eyed the Gnome. He felt he knew where the conversation was leading. “I have a mother who raised me, though I know nothing of my father.”
 “Thank you.” The Librarian voiced and then peered at the Elf. “Shadowhawk?” The only answer he got from her was when she angrily began mumbling in elven. “Very well, I realize for you it is a touchy subject. I am aware you were raised only by your mother. Now...” Raith looked at the three of them sitting before him. He cleared his throat. “Do you have any idea where I am going with this?”
 “Are you not going to ask him of his parents?” Shadowhawk coldly asked, gesturing at Kai’las with her thumb over her shoulder.
 “No, I am not. Kai’las is already aware of his lineage.”
 Darius was thoughtful, his mind returning to the vision he had which started the whole journey. “Just a second... are you trying to tell me that the God of War is my father?”
 “He is?” Raith asked with surprise.
 Darius’ brows furrowed in confusion. “Is he not?”
 “Well how should I know? It is not for me to ask such personal questions of the Gods. I know not which of them sired you.”
 “What?” Xilton responded with wide eyes.
 “It is true then.” Darius muttered.
 “Oh, yes, most certainly.” The Gnome answered, glancing at each of them in turn, hands clasped. “You are all undeniably, unquestionably children of the Gods.”
 “And you knew this?” Darius said to Kai’las. “Why did you not say something?”
 Kai’las shrugged a shoulder. “And say what? We only met a week ago. It was not my place and how was I to know any of you would even believe me?”
 Darius brushed a hand through his hair. “How long have you known?”
 Kai’las folded his arms, the corner of his mouth tipped up in a crooked grin. “All my life.” Darius shook his head.
 Shadowhawk hissed and threw her hands up in the air as words in the elven tongue flew from her mouth.
 “You are not a very polite one, are you, D’ae Feon?” Kai’las voiced with humor lacing his tone. “You should speak kinder words, for the Gnome speaks the truth. You have the blood of the Gods running through your veins.”
 Darius laughed. “And you speak elven.” He voiced and when Kai’las inclined his head, Shadowhawk began mumbling once again.
 Raith adjusted in his chair. “Xilton, you are incredibly quiet. Is there anything you wish to ask me of what you have just discovered?”
 She raised her eyes and looked directly at the Gnome. “I suppose I should have many questions, though the only ones I can think of at the moment you cannot answer. You said you did not know which of the Gods sired us.”
 The Librarian pushed his glasses up. “That is correct.”
Xilton’s hands moved to her collar where a leather cord rested underneath her tunic. She pulled up on it, her hand coming back with a two-inch round silver medallion. In the center of the medallion were two hands, palms facing upward. “Can you tell me what this is?”
 The Librarian smiled. “That I can do. It is the symbol of Alestra, the Goddess of Wisdom. How do you come to acquire this?”
 “Brother Kator said it was the only personal item I had in my possession when I was first brought to the Monastery.”
 “Well, my dear, it appears we know which of the Gods sired you. Or I should say, Goddess.” He said and Xilton gave a slight smile.
 “You had spoken before of others like us. Is this true?” Darius asked.
 “Yes, of course. Six of them. Why, there are even more than that, though only six others whom the Lessers have entrusted with this task.” Raith answered matter of factly.
 “Task?” Shadowhawk repeated in surprise.
 “Yes. This is the reason you have been brought here together. What I am about to disclose to you is very important. Vital to the future of the multiverse.” Raith scratched his head, wondering the best way to begin. “The Weapons of Power, I assume you are all aware of their history and the circumstances which led to their creation?”
 Darius nodded and said, “If you are speaking of the Greaters violent rage, I am certain we have all heard mention of it. The tale has been around for eons.”
 “Ah, but it is not just a tale.” Raith looked at Kai’las. “Is it Kai’las?”
 He shook his head. “No. It is not.” He said with sudden seriousness, all signs of his usual playfulness gone.
 When it was obvious the man was not going to say any more, Raith continued. “I assure you, there is nothing fictitious about it. This is the reason you are all needed so desperately. The time is drawing near once again, as we come to the beginning of a new millennia and with it The Bursting.”
 “Just a minute.” Darius voiced, leaning closer to the Librarian. “Bursting. I have heard this word before. What does it mean?” He remembered the word mentioned in the vision which led him to the town of Pembrook.
 Raith scratched his head and blew out a breath. “No, I suppose that was not recorded in the books, was it? Why, The Bursting as it was called, is the cataclysm caused by the Greaters hostile fury.”
 Darius’ brows furrowed. “Are you saying you mean for us to stop this Bursting?”
 “Not directly. Your task would be to gather the holy weapons and bring them to a certain location.”
 “I see.” Darius leaned back and looked thoughtful as he attempted to take it all in.
 Raith took an apprehensive deep breath. “And my apologies, but there is more.”
 “Of course there is.” Kai’las mumbled under his breath.
 “Arrôz is seeking the weapons as well.” The Librarian said bluntly.
 “Arrôz?” Xilton replied frowning. “The God of Evil? What does he have to do with this?”
 “Unfortunately, he has much to do with this. You see...” Raith cleared his throat. “There are many things the Gods wish to keep concealed from the world but there is one thing of utmost importance they absolutely refuse to discuss.”
 The Gnome had quieted and Darius could tell he was having some internal battle. “Go on.” The Warrior said, encouraging him.
 “Well...I am sure you have heard it said a God cannot be destroyed.” Raith finally spoke.
 “Yes.” Kai’las said, dragging the word out. “They are immortal. It is impossible.”
 The Gnome chuckled and bobbed his head nervously. “Yes, well, be that as it may, our friend Arrôz found a way to do the impossible.”
 Eight eyes immediately widened in shock. “Wait.” Kai’las said, pushing off the bookshelf and leaning his hands on the table. He brought himself face to face with the Librarian. “Arrôz killed a God?”
 “Two actually.” The Librarian replied, wiping a bead of sweat from his brow. “Ryvvik, the God of Slaughter and Vesperra, the God of Tyranny.”
 Kai’las sighed deeply, moving back to his stationary position against the bookshelf and crossed his arms in front of him. “How is that possible? Do the Gods even know?” Raith blew out a breath and answered with a shrug. “I see, they know but are not speaking of it. Well, I suppose I cannot say I blame them. Were I a God, I would not want it to be known to the world either.” 
 “Dare I ask...” Darius spoke up. “What did this do to Arrôz? There had to have been some repercussions.”
 “Yes, of course repercussions.” Raith swallowed hard and followed with, “It allowed Arrôz to absorb their divine powers. His power is now equal to that of one of the three Greaters.”
 “He is able to wield any of the holy weapons.” Shadowhawk muttered.
 “Yes and no.” Raith replied and then continued. “When this had occurred, Qadan immediately placed a curse upon Arrôz, making it so he is unable to take physical form outside his Black Citadal. Although, according to the Lessers, Arrôz believes if he reunites all three of the weapons he will have enough power to break this curse.” Raith’s nervousness continued to grow, causing a high amount of sweat to form on his brow which he wiped with the sleeve of his robes.
 “Is this tale true?” Shadowhawk asked.
 Raith once again shrugged his shoulders. “It is not truly known. But I am certain you can understand the Lessers do not want to underestimate the God of Evil. And for reasons only known to him, Arrôz certainly believes this to be true.”
 “As long as we keep him from acquiring the weapons, he remains locked in his Citadal and can do no harm, correct?” Xilton asked.
 “Harm? Not directly, no. Though it will be of no easy feat, my dear. Arrôz has countless followers who will stop at nothing in seeking the weapons. The God of Evil constantly searches for the weapons and each millennia when the Bursting draws nearer, he sends his servants out with hopes that the chosen ones will lead them to their locations. You must be prepared for whatever is to come.”
 Kai’las laughed. “Master Raith, I am not quite certain you could tell us anything which would prepare us one hundred percent for what may come. In all honestly, we have after all only just begun our journey.”
 “The library at the Monastery has a large selection of books written on the history of the Gods.” Xilton said, leaning back in her chair. She steepled her fingers. “But the Gods have done well with keeping this knowledge hidden, for I am certain I have never read anything of it.”
 “As I am sure you never will either.” Raith said matter of factly. “They have gone to great lengths to keep it between themselves. The only reason I have chosen to disclose this to you now is because I have deemed it necessary under the circumstances.”
 “Of course.” The Monk replied, shifting uneasily in her chair. “Providing we are successful in locating the weapons... you had said we were to deliver them to a certain location?” When Xilton first decided to leave the Monastery and make the journey to Pembrook, she knew whatever she would learn would end up being important but never did she imagine it would be so extraordinary.
 “That is correct. And once you have reunited all three of the weapons, the Greaters will return...or so I am told.”
 Shadowhawk looked up, facing him. “Reunite them? The weapons are not together at this time?”
 “No, they are not. Quite the opposite in fact. They could not be any farther apart. I will tell you what I know of their places of resting, but their exact locations are unknown.” Raith regarded their worrisome faces. “You are demigods. You are powerful, though you may not realize it yet. You are the chosen. I have faith you can do this.”  
 They all sat thoughtfully in silence for several minutes before Darius finally asked, “Where has Qadan been all this time?”
 Raith shook his head. “From what I understand, he has not been heard from.”
 “Bloody Faustus.” Darius muttered, while Shadowhawk mumbled words in the elven language and Kai’las softly spoke words which were incomprehensible.
 “Now... let us begin speaking of the holy weapons, shall we.” The Gnome said, opening his journal and thumbing through it until he found the page he was looking for. “The first weapon, now mind you these are in no specific order for it is unknown which of the weapons was first to be created.” Turning the book around, Raith showed them a drawn picture. “The Javelin of Ragnar. The primary portion of the Javelin was carved from wood of the Tree of Power while the five-pointed star at the tip was fashioned from a portion of the Darksun.”
“Was it true that Ragnar defeated Dagan, the God of Madness, in battle?” Xilton asked.
Raith gave a nervous chuckle. “Yes, I suppose that is how it was written, but from what I understand Ragnar had no choice. The Greater God was distracted by the aftermath of the calamity, which was the original Bursting. Dagan used that distraction to his advantage and began releasing his minions upon the world with plans to take over. Ragnar defeated the Mad God, sending his followers back to which they came.”
Darius leaned forward. “And what happened to Dagan since obviously Ragnar could not kill him?”
The Librarian shook his head. “He vanished. He was never seen again.”
“Hmm.”
“May I continue?” The Gnome asked and Darius inclined his head. “Very well. Now, as far as where Ragnar chose to lay the Javelin...his son, Aradeen, holds the weapon on the Moving Island of Aradeen.”  
 Shadowhawk frowned. “The Moving Island of Aradeen?”
 “I have heard whispers of this island. Far east of here.” The Monk remarked with a touch of excitement. “Though not many have seen the island since it never sits in the same location for more than a few days. But it is said that it only appears in the east. In the Ellarian Sea.”
 “Yes, yes, correct again, Xilton.” Raith said, clapping his hands excitedly. Thank the Gods they grew into intelligent beings, he thought. “Makes my job a lot easier.” The Gnome mumbled under his breath.
 Shadowhawk hissed. Mumbling words angrily in elven, she stood up and folded her arms across her chest defiantly. “This is to be a fool’s errand. How are we to locate a weapon if we cannot even locate the island it sits upon?”
 Raith shrugged his shoulders. “Well, I never said it would be easy.” He replied, causing a small chuckle to escape from Kai’las.
 Shadowhawk immediately turned and glared at Kai’las. “Is everything a farce with you, human?”
 “HUMAN?” Raith responded with a laughing snort, causing both Shadowhawk and Kai’las to turn towards him. He waved his hands. “Oh, do not mind me, carry on.”
 The Elf did just that, turning her fury back on Kai’las. “Since I have met you, you take nothing serious, finding everything amusing and delightful.”
 A smile tugged at his lips. “Delightful?” Kai’las shook his head. “Ah, D’ae Feon, delightful is a word which sounds alien passing from your lips.”
 Shadowhawk growled, her jaw clenching, but remained silent once more. The Gnome watched as she walked back to her chair. So much negativity, he thought. As Raith watched Shadowhawk throughout the years, he witnessed a time when she began closing herself away from anyone other than her kin, letting no others get close to her. He knew the reason for her anger but Raith had hoped under the circumstances, Shadowhawk would put it aside for the time being or none of them would have a home to return to. He had been so deep in his thoughts and did not realize judging by the looks he was receiving around the table, at least one of them had been speaking to him. “Apologies. Where were we?”
 “I was asking what you know of the second weapon.” Darius answered.
 “Yes, the next weapon…” The Librarian uttered, flipping through his journal. Turning it to show the others, he continued speaking. “The Arbalest of Gamaliel.”
 “A type of crossbow.” Kai’las responded then looked over at Shadowhawk. “In case you were wondering about it as well… a crossbow is a weapon with…”
 “I am aware of the knowledge of a crossbow.” She snapped, cutting off his words. “Once again with the flippancy.” Shadowhawk sighed deeply, turning away from him. Mumbling in elven she silently cursed the Gods. The Elf knew she would never adapt to a life surrounded by creatures who were beneath her. But Shadowhawk knew she could not return to her homeland just yet, for to abandon this quest would bring the wraith of her Queen down upon her. She had no choice but to work with these humans.
 “Like the Javelin...” The Gnome said, reading from his journal. “The Arbalest was also carved from wood of the Tree of Power. The metal of the bow and triggering shaft harvested from the Darksun. A further quality was the Arbalest never required ammunition, the bolts it released always appeared when needed. The bolts were actually harnessed energy from the power of all knowledge in the multiverse.”
 Darius scrubbed at the stubble on his jaw as he eyed the sketch of the weapon. “Fascinating.” Weapons, especially ones of such sort, with a history, had always intrigued him.
 “Indeed, it is. All three of the Weapons of Power are quite unique.” Raith nodded in agreement before breaking the next news to them. He swallowed hard and raised his head, his expression hopeless. “And in the Caves of Jaeron is where it lies.”
 Darius sighed at the same time Xilton shook her head, taking a sharp breath and Kai’las spoke sarcastically, “Of course it is.”
 Shadowhawk looked to each of them. “What? What makes these Caves of Jaeron so difficult?”
 Darius growled low in the back of his throat, wondering if there was anything the Elf did know. He knew she was young for an Elf but he assumed everyone on Rystarr was aware of the caves. Darius breathed deeply and went on to explain rather impatiently. “The Caves of Jaeron fill with water once a day and at no set time.”
 “Yes. I can see how this could be a concern.” The Librarian said.
 Kai’las scoffed. “A concern.”
 The Gnome went on speaking, ignoring his comment. “Sadly, I am of no help. I have no information on the caves other than what you are already aware of, I am sure.”
 “Is Jaeron Gamaliel’s son?” Xilton asked, changing the subject. “The history tomes are vague concerning the children of the Greaters.”
 “Daughter.” Kai’las answered.
 “Kai’las is correct.” Raith stated proudly. “Jaeron is Gamaliel’s daughter. One of twins actually. Sadly, her son, Aidric, fell in the last Bursting. A millennia ago.” Taking off his glasses, he began wiping them with a corner of his robes. Shaking his head, Raith added, “Or, I should say that is what we were led to believe since Aidric had never again been seen nor heard from since that fateful day.”
 A look of surprise mixed with confusion crossed Xilton’s face. “How can it be? Aidric was a God. Are we to believe the Bursting is powerful enough to also kill a God?”
 Raith smiled wide. “Very good, Xilton. Very good. You may be the youngest one but I do believe you may know more of the history of the Gods, with the possible exception of Kai’las, he being a...” Waving his hands in the air, the Gnome dismissed his thought. “Well, never mind. You do know the children of the Greaters were not actually considered Lesser Gods. I believe that is in your books.”
 “Yes.” Xilton replied. “The Greaters did not seek Qadan’s permission before they created their children which infuriated Qadan. Thus, never receiving his blessing.”
 “Correct.” The Gnome nodded shortly. “I daresay, they are not even considered full-blooded Gods.” Raith let them have a moment to see if any more questions would be asked and when it seemed none were forthcoming, he continued, “So, where were we? Oh, yes, Gamaliel’s daughter, Jaeron, guards the weapon solely on her own.”
 Kai’las’ gaze shifted to the others. “The only location I have ever heard mention of the caves was the Plains of Aras, though I have no idea if it is just a tale.” He looked at the Gnome. “You have no information for us?”
 “Alas Kai’las, I do not. The Plains of Aras is the only information I have as well. But where in the plains, I could not tell you.” Raith wished he could have been more help to the half-Gods but he could only tell them what he himself knew.
 Darius let out a slow breath, leaning back and lacing his fingers behind his head. “We will have to give this some thought. With the water, there will be no time for mistakes. Get in, retrieve it, get out.” He paused in thought. “Once we even locate the caves that is.” It appeared they were all in agreement, judging by the nods he received. Darius sat straight, turning to the Librarian. “Alright, moving on. The third weapon.”
 The Gnome cleared his throat. “Yes. I do fear it will be the most difficult to acquire.” Raith said and raised his hands at the looks he received, continuing on before any of them spoke up. “Apologies for being so forthright but I have always found that being completely honest is quite best for all parties involved.”
“Agreed.” Darius replied. “And since you have not yet mentioned him, the third weapon must be Maalik’s.”
 The Gnome’s face suddenly paled. “Indeed.”
 “Saved the best for last.” Kai’las muttered.
 The Librarian turned his journal, showing them the sketch of the weapon. “The Sceptre of Maalik. The most powerful weapon ever created. There are whispers spoken that the Sceptre alone may even be powerful enough to actually kill a God.” The room became so suddenly quiet you could hear a pin drop. Raith thought for a moment they were all holding their breath. “Maalik, the last born of the Triplets, entrusted the Sceptre to his son, Makani. There were also rumors spoken of the Sceptre having a mind of its own, often speaking telepathically to Maalik. Almost to the point of taking over his mind and driving him insane at times.”
 “Maalik did not even possess the Sceptre for very long since it was hidden shortly after the God created it, was it not?” Xilton asked.
 “Yes, that is correct.” The Gnome responded with a bob of his head which caused his eyeglasses to slip down his nose. Pushing them back up, he added, “Of course, no one, except for the Gods, know for certain the amount of time Maalik actually spent with the weapon before he entrusted it in his son’s care. Some even say he was in a vulnerable state which opened him up more so to the Sceptre’s power. But to answer your question, Xilton, yes, according to what is written in history, the Greaters went into a self-proclaimed exile shortly after creating the weapons. And there is no record of what it may have done to Makani in all the years since it has been in his possession.”
 “In other words, he could be even more insane than Maalik.” Kai’las stated.
 “There is a very good possibility that is the case.”
 “Are you not the Conveyor of the Gods?” Shadowhawk asked, her question surprising the Librarian. “I would think a messenger of the Gods would know everything of them. Not just what is written in the tomes of history.”
 Raith actually looked a bit put-off by her comment, for his usual high-spirited merriment was missing when he replied, “My dear, Shadowhawk, being a Herald to the Lessers does not necessarily mean they entrust me with all the knowledge of their history. What I have with them is called a ‘need to know’ relationship. Now perhaps it is difficult for you to understand, but I am content to have the relationship as it is. I am not someone who has to, or even wants to, know every small detail.” Raith removed his glasses and rubbed his tired eyes, replacing them when he was finished. “Now… may I continue?” He asked and the Elf inclined her head, causing a small chuckle to escape from Kai’las, which Raith ignored. “The Sceptre is three and a half feet in length, the metal mined from the cornerstone of the Circle of Eternity and the tip in the likeness of Maalik’s symbol, the demonic skull. An extremely loud and distinctive thunderclap sounds off when the weapon is swung, making it instantly recognizable.” Raith paused a moment before he threw his next set of words at them, taking a deep breath first. “The Sceptre lies hidden in the catacombs far beneath the Twisted Tower of Makani. Be alert and tread carefully, for your strength as well as your intelligence will be tested while in the catacombs.”
 Kai’las looked at Shadowhawk. “Please tell me, D’ae Feon, you at least have knowledge of the Twisted Tower.”
 “Do not concern yourself with me.” She snarled.
 Kai’las raised his hands. “Very well. Thought I would ask, since you do not seem to be too versed in history.”
 “I have had more important matters to tend to through my life than flip through books.”  
 “Once you retrieve all three of the weapons they must be taken to the Circle of Eternity.” Raith responded. “The three Greaters will then return to Rystarr take up their weapons and save the Multiverse from the Bursting.” The Gnome scratched his head and then said under his breath, “Hopefully.”
 “How much time do we have?” Darius quietly asked.
 The Gnome gave him a level look. “By my calculations, you have no more than a year’s time.”
He drew in a deep breath, glancing at the others. “What do you all think? Should we attempt to search for the Arbalest first?”
“I would say that would be my first choice.” Shadowhawk replied. “Considering our second is a vanishing island while the third sounds like the most challenging to acquire.”
“Agreed.” Xilton said.
Kai’las grinned. “I am up for a challenge. Either of the weapons is fine by me.”
Darius nodded. “The Arbalest then.”
 There was silence in the room for several moments before Xilton finally spoke up. “Master Raith. If I may ask… how long have you been studying the Weapons of Power?”
 Raith thought for a moment before he answered. “I am not quite certain how long it has been but I have been studying the weapons for most of my adult life.”
 Shadowhawk sniffed. “You do not look that old. I hardly think you are an expert.”
 Raith smiled proudly and adjusted his collar. “I just celebrated my three hundred and eighty-sixth nameday so…I am thanking you kindly, D’ae Feon.”
 Kai’las bent down to whisper in the Gnome’s ear. “I do not think she meant that to be a compliment.”
 “Oh, well, be that as it may, I have decided to take it as one.” Raith gave him a wink. “I will say that as Head Seeker, it is also my job to be fully skilled in every significant event of history. It is what I do. I record all of the important occurrences of immortals, as well as mortals, throughout history.” He motioned to all the books lining the walls.
 “That is quite a job.” Kai’las stated. “And what do you know of us?”
 The Librarian smiled at him. “I know everything there is to know about you, Kai’las.” Kai’las felt as though Raith was looking into his soul and suddenly, the small Gnome seemed like a giant to him. He swallowed hard and knowing what Kai’las was, Raith was not surprised when he saw a quiver of light cross his eyes.
 Shadowhawk sniffed and shook her head ruefully. “That is absurd. Head Seeker or not, you cannot possibly know everything.” She found it hard to believe this brainsick gnome could know her entire life history.
 Raith gave her a sly smile. “My dear, D’ae Feon. I have worked closely with the Gods for many years. Is this so difficult for you to understand?” He laughed. “I may know more of you then I know of myself.” A hush fell over the room. “Would you like me to demonstrate by sharing some of your personal history with your companions?” Raith rubbed his chin in thought. “Let me see… perhaps the details of your one hundred and fifty-third nameday. What would you think of that?” The Elf glared at him and shook her head. “Alright then…” He looked to the others. “Are there any more questions?”
 “Yes.” Darius spoke up. “Why have us meet in Pembrook only to direct us to the library?”
“That is a good question, Darius. And one that I actually have an answer for. The Gods felt the need to share with you the destruction of the Bursting. What you saw was the residual effects from it.”
 “Those were living people?” Darius asked with concern.
 The Gnome inclined in head. “Well, yes, they were. A millennia ago, though alive no longer. Sadly.”
 Darius’ brows furrowed. “Pembrook was struck by the Bursting. Tell us more of this.”
 “The town was struck with a sunbolt a millennia ago, although it was not centered there. Pembrook was just on the outskirts of the sunbolts destruction. The Gods wished to show you the ruination of what a single sunbolt could cause.”
 “Devastating.” Darius muttered.
 “Devastating, yes.” The Librarian replied closing his journal. “Though think of the annihilation of the original Bursting, which was total and complete.” Raith quickly regretted his words when he witnessed the somberness consume their faces. “Well, one thing the good people of Pembrook did not have going for them which we do today is the four of you. If anyone could help stop this from happening again it is you. Like I said before, I have faith in you and so do the Gods.” None of them replied to the Gnome’s kind words, choosing to remain silent.
 After a time, Darius cleared his throat. “I was surprised to see how different people were then.” He said, changing the subject and trying to liven the mood in the room a bit. “When I first entered Pembrook I took notice of the clothing the townsfolk wore. How outdated it was. It appeared ancient.”
 “That is because it was ancient.” The gnome replied. “Good eye, son. I would have expected one of the females to take notice to something of that nature but…” The Librarian laughed and then added, “I will just say you are very observant and we will leave it at that.” 
 “There was a tree with stone archways at the edge of Pembrook.” Xilton voiced.
 “Ah yes, you have seen the Circle of Eternity. It is said to be the holiest place in the entire multiverse. There is a portal at the center of Crystal Lake which is equipped to transport you to the Circle if you are ever called or needed. No mortal has ever known it existed, though you will see it clear enough.”
 Darius frowned in confusion. “I have passed through Crystal Lake several times during my travels and have never noticed it.”
 “That is because your eyes were not opened then, my dear boy.”
 “I suppose my eyes have been opened to a lot of things lately.” He mumbled.
 “There are these sensations we feel which drew us all together.” Xilton stated, changing the subject. “We all feel them.”
 “Ah, yes, I know exactly what you speak of.” The gnome responded. “I do not think there is a name for it. But you will have the sensations when you are close to another like you. Another half-God.”
 Darius turned to Kai’las after a thought came to him. “Were you already aware of what had happened in Pembrook?” The other man did not have to respond, for the faint grin on his face was answer enough. Darius shook his head. “Perhaps it is best if I stop asking you questions.”
 “Wise decision.” Kai’las replied inclining his head. He then turned and peered at the Elf. “I assume, D’ae Feon, by the way you have spoken you have chosen to continue on with this... fool’s errand?”
 “Hmph.” She grunted and then sighed. “I suppose I have.”
 “Of course, you have. You would never turn your back on something this significant... this crucial. A Wild Elf with the blood of the Gods? Certainly not.” The Gnome expressed, earning a smirk from Shadowhawk. Raith pushed his glasses farther up his nose and addressed all of them. “Let us move this conversation along, shall we, for the day grows short.” He opened his journal once again glancing at the pages. “Now, when someone of Godly ancestry steps close to the weapons they will create a humming sound and emit a soft glow.”
 “Interesting.” Xilton voiced, finding herself even more intrigued.
 With all which had been revealed to them, Darius found that what he needed now was a good stiff drink. But first we need to finish this up, he thought. “Was there anything else?”
 “Most definitely. You should be aware there will be one more joining your party. Once you come into contact with her, you will know without a doubt she is the one.”
 “Due to the sensations we were discussing.” Xilton said, nodding her head.
 “Well, yes... among other things. Let us just say, she is quite extraordinary.” Raith said with a grin. “Also, keep in mind I will be sending forth another group of five demigods such as yourself to lend their talents in retrieving the weapons. Your paths may cross somewhere along the way.” He paused, tapping his chin as he thought hard for anything he may be forgetting. “Please return here to me if you are ever in need of anything... anything at all. I will aid you the best I can.”
Leaving the library, they headed straight to the docks in search of a vessel for passage down to Jovian Falls. After waiting out the remainder of the day, unfortunately, the companions had only encountered one boat which was already fully loaded with cargo, leaving no room for passengers. They left the docks at nightfall, finding the closest Inn and deciding to return and check again upon the morn.

†

After a peaceful night of sleep, the half-Gods returned to check the docks at dawn, discovering not only would there be no boats coming in that day but none were expected the following day either. They took some time discussing it and decided a journey on horseback appeared to be their only option. While Darius purchased four healthy horses, the others stocked up on needed supplies before heading out, traveling alongside the river as they passed through the Janardan forest. 
 “These are fine beasts you purchased, my friend.” Kai’las remarked as he gave his large red palfrey a gentle pat. 
Darius glanced over at him. “You know horses?”
“Of course I do. I have an amazing silver mount of my own back home.”
“Ah.” The Warrior smiled. “And where is that home?”
“Well, it is…” Kai’las stopped and tilted his head to one side, appearing as if he were listening to something in the distance.
“Darius frowned. “What is it?”
“This way.” Kai’las said and motioned his horse off to the right, moving deeper into the forest as the others followed behind.
 Peeking through a large group of trees Darius’ breath caught. Three men, who he took for bandits, were in combat with a winged creature. She was tall, clothed in soft golden armor, which was adorned with several medallions, pinning her as a sort of officer. Stunning white wings fell to just above the ground where they were tipped in a metallic gold and as she stretched her wings wide, Darius noticed icy blue feathers were scattered throughout them.
 As she fought one of the men with her sword, her wings stretched out, bashing the other two males with incredible force. The force sent them flying and hitting its target. One struck hard into a nearby tree, slumped to the ground presumably dead on impact. The other sored overhead, lost in the nearby foliage.
 Shadowhawk frowned. The Elf knew what she was but never in a million years did she think she would actually ever see one, especially on Rystarr. “She is one of the divine.” She whispered to no one in particular.
 Darius had to admit to himself, she was a stunning creature no matter how unhappy he was to be laying eyes on her. He slid down from his horse. “I suppose we should see if she requires assistance.”
 “I had thoughts of staying behind and scouting the general area.” Shadowhawk said quietly. “She seems to be handling herself fine, and there is the matter of who is on our trail.”
 “Very well.” Darius agreed.
 “I will go with her.” Xilton stated and the Elf shrugged before the two of them disappeared on their mounts through the trees.
 Darius stared over at Kai’las as the other man came to stand beside him. “Shall we?” He said putting on his face of armor before he stepped out from the cover of the trees just as the bandit the Seraph had been fighting lost his sword and she backhanded him. He flew thirty paces before dropping to the ground. Darius could not tell if he was dead or just unconscious but it was then the divine being spotted Darius and flew straight toward him, turning her sword on him. In that moment he noticed her metallic golden eyes and his heart skipped a beat.
 He immediately raised his hands, keeping them clear away from his weapons as Kai’las stepped up beside him with his hands raised as well. “Do you feel that?” The other man whispered to Darius.
 “I feel something.” Hatred or not, it could not be helped… he was a warm-blooded man after all.
 The corner of Kai’las’ lips tipped up in a crooked grin. “Of course, you do.”
 “Can you blame me?”
 Kai’las laughed. “Well, actually I was referring to…”
 “Yes, I know what you were referring to.” Darius interrupted him. “I am aware of it.” He felt the sensations as well, letting them know that this beautiful, yet disheartening creature was one of them. A demigod. Which meant from that stage forward, she would be traveling alongside of them. “Could this get any worse?” He muttered to himself, earning a look of suspiciousness from Kai’las. “We are not with them.” Darius finally said to the Seraph, motioning at the leather clad bandits. The Angel paid him no heed and instead, kept her eyes locked on Kai’las. Clearing his throat, he continued, “We are not your enemy.” When she still did not take her eyes off the other man, Darius turned to Kai’las and whispered, “Do you know her?”
 “Not that I am aware of. I am almost certain I would remember her.”
 Finally, the Seraph turned and faced him, golden skin with just a slight silver shimmer. Even the deep cuts on her cheekbone and forehead did nothing to mar the perfectiveness of her beautiful face. She wore a band around her head with a one-inch circular stone set in the center. The stone was pale blue in color with a shimmery glow radiating from it. “Never before have I laid eyes on you.” She said with a melodious voice. “Would not an enemy claim to be an ally to gain a person’s trust? So how am I to truly know you were not with those humans?”
 “She does have a point.” Kai’las muttered to him.
 “Whose side are you on?” Darius quietly asked the other man, who just shrugged a shoulder. He raised his hands out further, keeping them nowhere near his swords. “I understand your want for mistrust but I assure you, we mean you no ill will. My name is Darius Varen. My companions and I were passing through the woods when we heard your conflict with the brigands.”
 The Seraph’s eyes passed over the fallen men. “Is that what they were? Just simple thieves? No, I think not.” Darius quickly shot Kai’las a glance. The other man had a look of curiosity on his face as he studied the Seraph. “I have fought many battles in my long lifetime to know those were not just mere bandits.”
 Darius reviewed the body of the closest bandit. The man was wearing black leather armor from head to toe which was common for some of the thieves across Rystarr, but one thing was not, the fact that the leather had two-inch spikes on the bracers, shoulder pads, elbow pads as well as the heels of the boots. Since they arrived just as the battle was ending, he did not have the chance to witness their fighting skills but he was betting they were not easy to take down. “Perhaps you are right. Maybe there was more to them. Whatever they were about we were not a part of it.”
“So you say.” She replied, her sword still held out before her. “And yet you keep foul company.” Her nostrils flared as she pointed the swords edge toward Kai’las. “Fae Prince.”

CHAPTER
6


The newly formed companions were to set out to the north end of Lake Leopold to the great city of Jovian Falls. From there they would travel by boat further north to meet this mysterious Librarian Raith.
“I will arrange us passage to Janardan.” Tarakis offered as the men climbed atop their horses. “Still a few good captains there that do not yet wish me fingerless.” He grinned as he wiggled the aforementioned appendages.
Valen scoffed, shaking his head. “One can only imagine the company you keep, thief.”
Tarakis appeared mockingly wounded as he placed a gloved hand atop his chest. “Far more entertaining than yours, I would wager.”
The Warrior ignored him as he adjusted his reins and patted the broad stallion beneath him. “A fine steed. They will carry us far.”
“Yes.” Sir Tavannos agreed, then eyed the Rogue. “Do you mean to tell me you traveled by foot?” With only four horses between them that would mean slower progress to Jovian Falls.
Tarakis silently produced a small bronze figurine from a pouch on his belt. The Knight noted upon further inspection it appeared to be that of a horse. As Tarakis set the figure on the ground he stepped back and muttered, “Kadarz.” A moment later, the figure took the shape of a live horse, its coat a gleaming shade of deep metallic brown. “As you can imagine…” Tarakis began, leaning in to stroke the magical creatures muzzle. “This little item comes in quite handy.” He moved to its side and gracefully climbed atop. “Well, are we to stand here all day?” The horse whinnied in response.
Valen shook his head. “Entertaining company indeed.”

†

After a little over two weeks ride north with little rest, the companions found themselves atop a hill, overlooking the far landscape at the edge of Dark Wood. The city of Jovian Falls was in the distance, about another days ride to the east. There, they would camp, and after the hard road they had traveled, the party had no disagreements.
Each member was in their own thoughts at the news they had not yet come to terms with. Born of the Gods. Valen seemed to exude confidence at this, his head high at the thought of a mighty bloodline coursing through his veins. He reached and stretched at his aching muscles, tight from their travels. He certainly did not feel any different but the knowledge he was destined for greatness put a slight swagger in his step.
“Your Worthiness.” Tarakis muttered sardonically with an exaggerated bow as Valen sauntered by. The Rogue had taken a more bemused approach to their newfound lineage.
Peace had set over the party as they each lost themselves within their own thoughts. The knowledge of impending doom at their failure was a sobering reminder of the burden they now carried like a heavy stone in their hearts. Even Szarzekk, the Undead Warrior’s mother’s words seemed to haunt him. As well as the emotions he was feeling, so foreign to him, were at times almost overwhelming.
“I will take first watch.” Sir Tavannos suddenly said, breaking Szarzekk’s thoughts. The others had all become accustomed to hearing the Knight say this as soon as they established a new campsite. At first Valen and Szarzekk spoke up, each offering to take first watch instead, but Tavannos would not hear of it, exclaiming it was his responsibility in honor to do so.
Within the hour they had all eaten a meager supper and were lying down in an attempt to rest. Sir Tavannos stood with his back to a tree just at the edge of the light cast from the campfire. From this vantage point he could survey the camp and surrounding area. His mind wandered to the words of Ravison and the gifts they would receive from the Gods, whoever they may be. He glanced down at his raised palm, he could not fathom what gift he would inherit but perhaps he had grown stronger. He had none of the usual discomforts left from his near death experience with the man-bat creature. The Knight raised his eyes to the darkened sky. Perhaps that is my gift, he thought. I suppose time will tell. He thought then of the odd sensations he felt around the others, like prickly needles across the back of his neck and a pulling from deep in his gut. Feelings he had often experienced as a boy around Airrak. All this time they had been there waiting to be awoken.
Crack! Tavannos’ eyes snapped toward the sound hidden deep in the darkness of the surrounding foliage. To him, it sounded as if someone was clearly, yet unsuccessfully, trying to remain silent. Wordlessly, he stalked to Valen, a kick to the tip of the sleeping man’s boot.
Valen’s eyes shot open with a start as he looked up at Sir Tavannos. He stood, glancing around. “Where is that blasted Rogue?” He hissed, after seeing the vacant bedroll near a tree that Tarakis had set for himself.
Within seconds the other four had their weapons drawn and were standing with their backs to the fire in a circle around it. Near them they could hear the quiet crackling of leaves and twigs and it was clear there was more than two feet rusting the grounds.
“It is about to get very bright, be prepared.” Airrak quietly said, not waiting for their responses. His hands danced soundlessly through the air as he whispered his command words of magic, so quietly the others could not make them out. However, they had no trouble seeing the effects of the spell the words released. A very bright ball of light, almost as bright as daylight, appeared twenty feet up in the air, in a burst it cast its light out thirty feet in all directions. Instantly, it lit up the covered area and tore away the darkness. 
From where they stood the four demigods could see numerous forms crouching through the grass and shrubs. The creatures reacted instantly to the sudden burst of light with a collective hiss as a few grunted and screeched in their own language. The mishmash armor sparsely covered their leathery red skin, they stood three to four feet tall and bore assorted wicked blades. A few raised battered wooden shields to try and block out the unnatural light while others covered snarling flat-nosed faces.
“Goblins!” Sir Tavannos yelled. At once the three warriors rushed at the creatures, who were momentarily dazed from Airrak’s magical illumination. The Knight, being the first to recognize what the creatures were, was practically on top of them in seconds. Immediately in front of him were two of the taller Goblins. Still blinking, they saw his onrushing charge but had no time to react, for the Knight had caught them by surprise. Swinging his sword in a wide slashing arc in front of him both creatures doubled over simultaneously, sliced in half at the waste, black bowels spilling from their corpse’s onto the ground below. The gawking expressions now forever etched on the creatures faces almost matched Tavannos’ as he gazed down upon their new graves at his feet. The rush of adrenaline and speed, one he had never experienced before and he was surprised at his own strength.
Meanwhile, Szarzekk had been rushing headlong into a cluster of creatures. As he reached them, he swung his great weapons in a blur, crunching through iron, flesh and bone, black blood sprayed over Szarzekk’s helm as he barreled from one opponent to the next, lost in a familiar fury and bloodlust. The bodies of the dead surrounded him as he looked up and watched as the remaining Goblins scurried away in terror.
Valen and Airrak ran to join the assault together, Valen brandishing his sword and the Mage following close behind with his staff in hand. As they approached several Goblins, Airrak shouted, “Albarus! Ignitis!” Instantly a large ball of fire, flew from his outstretched hand and hurled toward a cluster of Goblins. When it hit the ground, it exploded in a tremendous burst of heat and flame. The four dumbfounded Goblins were instantly vaporized.
Valen glanced over his shoulder and gave the Mage an impressed grin before charging an incoming Goblin with a quick thrust of his sword. He quickly turned on another of the creatures that was attempting to backpedal away from his assault and decapitated it with a brutal slash.
After ten of their numbers fell within a matter of seconds, the four remaining Goblins decided it wiser to flee, disappearing towards the darkness with a loud screech. A dark figure leapt out from the shadows, his sword and dagger in hand. Tarakis, moving at an inhuman speed, he eliminated the closest Goblin with an efficient horizontal thrust to the neck. Spinning on his heels, the Rogue then dove for the second with a quick stab through the chest. The Goblin doubled over as Tarakis threw his arm out and let his dagger fly with a deep blow into the third Goblin’s back. The fourth and final creature began backing up in terror. Tarakis knocked the Goblin’s meager raised sword aside with his own and lunged his weapon deep into its chest. 
The carnage was over in a matter of seconds. Sir Tavannos raised his gaze, panting as he surveyed the area. His eyes spotted Tarakis near the edge of Airrak’s bright light, half hidden in the shadows as he bent to retrieve his dagger. “Where in Qadan’s name have you been?” The Knight snapped, adrenaline still a touch in his blood.
Tarakis listlessly wiped the black muck from his weapons. “Well, I thought it a lovely night for a stroll.” Tavannos shot him with a glare and the Rogue sighed deeply. “Righteous as you are, Tavannos, I do not truly know the lot of you. And I do not wish a dagger to my neck while I sleep.” He then pointed to a small cluster of brush near the outskirts of camp. “I was there. You are welcome, by the way, for taking care of the stragglers.”
Valen scoffed, coming to stand beside the Knight. “Stragglers are about all you could handle.”
Tarakis narrowed his eyes and stepped forward, his dagger clenched in hand.
“Enough!” Shouted Airrak, the magic light above pulsed and took on a soft glow before slowly disappearing completely. The Mage turned and saw Szarzekk on his knees, his eyes closed in peace. The Undead Warrior’s appearance was at odds with his state, blood splatter covering him as if he had only just taken a bath in blood.
Sir Tavannos cast one quick look at the Mage but stepped closer to the clearing, now only lit by their meager fire. “I do believe we may have witnessed a taste of these gifts.” The Knight glanced down at himself, feeling as though fire was burning through his veins and a sense of power had washed over him. The steady hum in the back of his head began to slowly disappear as Tavannos looked over his party. He knew they were all experiencing it as well.
Airrak was the first to grin, followed by Valen. “Yes.” The Warrior agreed, his eyes appearing to gleam.
Szarzekk then stood, sheathing his now pristine weapons. “The Knight is correct. We have been witness to gifts from the Gods, our progenitors to be exact.” His ghostly voice quieted as he continued, “I too feel different.”
The others nodded in agreement. Never had they experienced a strength as was shown that night. It was as if they could continue on for days.
Sir Tavannos moved his head toward the Mage. “I have never seen such magic from you before. That light was as bright as the Darksun.”
Airrak paused, pursing his lips. “I would have to agree. Nor would it normally last as long. Indeed this night we were given something.” His eyes drifted over Szarzekk, noting the Undead Warrior seemed extremely uncomfortable, almost fidgety. To feel once more, the Mage thought with pity. 
Szarzekk seemed to catch his stare through his helmet, though quickly turned away.
Airrak raised a dark brow at the action but turned to the others. “Do either of you have any ideas of your sire as of yet?”
Valen stepped forward. “I believe it is obvious I am a scion of the God of War.”
Tarakis rolled his eyes. “Valen, my friend, that chest of yours looks to be the same size as your giant head.” He snickered and easily dodged a flying hook from the Warrior.
Tavannos sighed and began heading toward their camp. “Come, let us rest. We make way to Jovian Falls at first light.”
As the others followed, Tarakis set about poking and prodding the fallen bodies for any bounty he could steal before returning to camp. Peace had set upon the companions as, lost in their own minds, they allowed themselves to rest.

‡

“Interesting.” Two forms stood, heavily garbed in black, their faces obscured in darkness. “It confirms what the master spoke, my Lord.” The smaller figure stated, a dark ebony hand lowering the hood of his cloak.
The second figure only nodded slowly. Not far from where the battle began he had watched the exchange with growing interest.
The short one continued, his voice shrill, even in whisper, “I knew that idiot Grubblik and his rabble would be worthless in a fight. And they proved it.”
The moonlight glinted only for a moment off the silent man’s helm as he inclined his head toward his hunched companion. “They are no concern.” His deep voice reverberated the silence. “My intention was to know our foes.” He turned his head sharply, thin slits for eyes of the helm glared down upon the trembling short man, who recoiled from the stare with a wince.
“My utmost and sincerest apologies, Lord Tark-volmar.” His voice squeaked as he bowed deeply, lowering his onyx eyes.
Tark-volmar spun on his heel, paying the other no further heed. The smaller man quickly followed to a well-covered clearing some distance from the group of five men. The Dark Lord stopped suddenly, regarding the other. “Osremyer, continue to follow them.” The short man sputtered a quick nod, but his lord continued, “You are not to interfere with them. Do I make my orders clear?” He grabbed the hunched man by the scruff, wrapping a gauntleted hand tight around his throat. “Our master does not countenance mistakes, nor do I.” Eyes wide, Osremyer rasped his agreeance. Satisfied, Tark-volmar released the man who fell to the ground below with a grunt. The Dark Lord straightened, then raised a hand, creating a large smokey gray orb. Walking towards the portal, he took one last glance over his shoulder at the Darkman before stepping through.
Osremyer watched the portal vanish before he rose to his feet and quickly glanced around as if to make certain he was indeed alone. “We shall see who makes the mistakes.”

‡

Built at the crest on both sides of the Jovian River laid the great commerce city of Jovian Falls, the largest center of civilization remaining in that part of the world. Originally founded by the Joint-Kingdom over a thousand years ago, the city had gained independence with a sundering of the Joint-Kingdom into the Northern and Southern Kingdoms, now Andoria and Vlondoria, and since then has thrived as a center of commerce. The trade that passed through the cities marketplaces and beyond came from all the lands of Rystarr. Inside its walls over twenty-five thousand beings of all socially accepted races, humans, elves, dwarves, and gnomes dwelt and went about their lives generally living in peace and prosperity with one another.
The companions found themselves on one of the many narrow streets, lined on each side with wooden vendor stalls and carts filled with the finest goods. 
Slipping through the crowded marketplace Sir Tavannos spotted a squadron of guards weaning through the crowd. Paladins of Seleria, he thought, recalling that after the city had gained its independence, the Paladins then began protecting it. The Knight leaned closer to Tarakis. “See if you can resist helping yourself.” He inclined his head toward the guards as they trudged by. “Should you find the temptation.”
The Rogue glared at him. “If I were to take such action, you would never even know it.”
 The group’s first stop was at a public stable where they would be able to keep their horses for the duration of their stay, which should be quite short. Just long enough to book passage on a vessel bound for Janardan. 
Tarakis took the initiative of plotting their next move. “I have been here many times. In fact, I have spent more time in this place then I care to remember.”
The others eyed him questioningly. “Yes?” Airrak spoke up. “And?”
Tarakis paused, a distant look marred his face. After a moment he cleared his throat, shaking his head as if to clear away the thought. “There is an Inn near the riverfront where we can secure lodging while we search for a boat.”
 “Very well. Then let us head that way.” Tavannos replied, eager to leave the brimming life of the inner city.
 Valen spoke suddenly, raising his hands. “One moment. Tarakis is there anything we should know about this Inn you can recollect?” The others stopped and regarded Tarakis.
The Rogue shrugged. “Not particularly. I am just not fond of my memories of this place and the sooner we are out of here, the better.” 
His answer was less than satisfactory for Valen but he decided to let it go for now, at least until they reached the Inn.
 After a short while, Tarakis had led them to an Inn on the riverfront, just a stone’s throw away from the docks. The docks bustled with activity, as they did every day, with the loading and unloading of cargos. They could see many vessels of various sizes tied up alongside of them. 
“Yes, we should have no problem finding passage upriver from here.” Airrak said.
 Along with the various activities going on about the vessels, the street in front of the Inn and near the riverfront teamed with activity. People going this way and that about their business and merchant carts were everywhere with the owners loudly hawking their wares. It being Szarzekk’s first time in a city of that size, he wondered how anything could get accomplished with the level of chaos he was witnessing. He stared at the street for so long; he did not realize his companions had already entered the Inn. Realizing he was alone, he turned, noticing the sign above the Inn’s front door that read, ‘The Rabid Ferret’. As he read it, Szarzekk smiled beside himself, something he rarely did. “Well, that is appropriate.” Taking one last glance at the chaos around him, he entered the Inn to join his comrades. 
If the city outside the Inn was chaotic, then the inside could only be described as even more so. Inside the tap room there were a dozen or so tables, all packed with people enjoying their midday meal or drink. The companions hovered just inside the door for a few moments as they gained their bearings. Tarakis, being familiar with the place, began to head toward the back of the room where the bar was, the others following him, content to let him lead in this situation. There was a small space at the bar, enough for the five of them standing shoulder to shoulder.
Seeing the new arrivals, the Barkeep made his way towards them to attend to their needs. As he got closer, there was evidently some recognition when he saw Tarakis, for his head went to his left and right, rather sheepishly, before acknowledging the Rogue. “Well, well. Look what dragged itself in off the street.” He said, clearly unhappy at seeing Tarakis.
“Gorin.” The Rogue replied. “It has been a while.”
“Not long enough!” The Barkeep grumbled. “Although I must admit, I did not actually think I would ever see you again… alive anyway.”
 The others exchanged concerned glances, and Tarakis, noticing this, shot back, “Yes, well, you know me, luck is usually with me.”
“Hmmm. Luck may be, but if ‘you know who’ finds out you are here and alive, your luck may just to run out.”
 “Then let us make sure I remain anonymous.” Tarakis slid a small pouch of coins across the bar and into Gorin’s hand. Seeing recognition in Gorin’s eyes, the Rogue continued. “We need discrete lodging for the night. You know? One of your special suites.”
 Gorin pocketed the pouch of coins. “Very well. I think that can be arranged. Anything else?”
Tarakis inclined his head toward his companions. “We could use something to drink and I will need a few more minutes of your time, in confidence.”
 The Barkeep nodded and turned to a lad at the end of the bar. “Jack! Flagons of ale for these chaps. I will be back in a few minutes.” The boy Jack gave him a sullen look, then moved to grab a mug from the shelf behind the bar. After a brief glare at the worker, Gorin motioned for Tarakis to follow him before disappearing through a door behind the bar.
 Up to that point the others had been content to follow Tarakis’ lead, but that was coming to an end. Valen could hold his tongue no longer and grabbed Tarakis by the shoulder. “What is going on?”
 Before he could say anything else, Sir Tavannos spoke up, “Yes, do tell! Why did you not tell us you have a bounty in this place? You are endangering our quest.”
 Tarakis regarded each of his companions with a look, then pulled himself free from Valen’s grasp. “Keep your voices down. As if it were any of your business, I am not wanted in the city. Not by the officials in any case.”
 Valen lowered his voice. “Then by who? And what is going on? Why do you need to speak to the Barkeep alone?”
From the questioning looks the others gave Tarakis, they must have been wondering the same thing.
 “I am going to try and secure us transport with one of the captains I used to deal with regularly. Gorin knows them all and their schedules. So, if you can all try and just control yourselves for a few more minutes, I may be able to get us what we need.” Tarakis then turned and walked away to join Gorin.
 After the Rogue left, the one called Jack set four flagons down in front of the companions and regarded each of them with a poorly hidden sneer. “Will there be anything else?” 
 None of them were paying Jack any mind, but Sir Tavannos finally caught the irritated look on the boy’s face. “No, lad, that will be all. Many thanks.” He slid a gold piece across the bar which Jack picked up in wide eyed astonishment before he moved away with a gracious bow.
All but Szarzekk, who neither ate nor drank, took one of the flagons and sampled the contents. “Ale.” Said Sir Tavannos. “And not very good ale at that.” He could see Airrak agreed based on the grimace he wore after nearly spitting it back into the mug.
“Not worth two bent coppers, let alone a gold piece.” The Mage uttered.
 “I have had worse.” Valen said before setting his mug down. “I do not trust him.” Tavannos and Airrak seemed to be thinking the same thing judging by their expressions.
 “To be perfectly frank, I have not trusted the lecher since I first met him.” Sir Tavannos said after a time, Airrak nodding his agreement. “But then again, I must say I am not certain how much I altogether trust you either, Valen.”
 Valen fixed Sir Tavannos with a cold, hard stare. “That is wise, Knight.” His last word dripped venom. “This association is only a matter of convenience as far as I am concerned. My goals are my own and I expect that, with the exception of getting to this library, they do not coincide with yours.”
 Airrak listened to the volley with impatience. Before they could continue, he interjected. “Now, now, lads, you heard what Ravison told us. Both of you stop this childishness.” He paused for a moment. “Like it or not, we are bound together by the blood that flows through our veins. Whether or not we see eye to eye about the price of grain in the planting season, we have no choice but to try and see eye to eye in the matters before us! Furthermore, whether or not you want to admit it to yourself, we are all connected by more than just happenstance.” He fixed Valen with a level look. “I know you feel it.”
 Szarzekk put a hand on Airrak’s shoulder and chimed in. “And what that means is, like it or not, we must trust the Rogue as well.” The others turned and looked at him but said nothing. He continued. “Now, can we all agree to stick to the matter at hand?”
 Tavannos said nothing but nodded his agreement. Valen took a long drink from his flagon and stared off in the other direction. Airrak pressed the issue. “Valen? Can we at least agree on that? To put the current mission ahead of our personal ambitions?”
 Valen eyed the Mage for a moment before grunting his assent. “For the time being, yes.” Apparently that was as good as it was going to get for no one else had anything to say. 
A few awkward minutes later, Tarakis returned and sat in the stool next to Szarzekk. He grabbed the untouched flagon of ale and proceeded to gulp it all down at once. The others stared at him expectantly. He set the empty flagon down with a thud, then noticed all of their eyes were upon him. “I have arranged passage to Janardan.” He paused for a second. “With a riverboat whose captain I am very well acquainted with.” 
 “Well, that is good.” The Mage said as he turned to the rest of his companions questioningly.
 “Oh yes, splendid news.” Valen responded sarcastically. “Only, how well can we trust this captain?”  
 Tarakis glared, then opened his mouth to reply but Tavannos cut him off. “I hate to agree with Lord Valen.” He cast the man a sideways look. “But I would not want to find ourselves keeping company with river pirates… or slavers.”
 Tarakis just shook his head and motioned to the boy at the end of the bar for another ale. Valen, seeing this, said, “Well? Rogue? Speak up. Tell us what you know.”
Tarakis sighed, then whispered, “The name of the boat is the Charybdis and the Captain’s name is Altorak. We leave on the morrow. He is a lot of things but he is no pirate.”
 “So, you trust him?” Sir Tavannos asked in a low voice.
 Tarakis considered, then smiled sardonically. “Trust is a funny way of putting it.” Before the others could respond he added, “I trust his greed more than his honor. He will see us to our destination if there is gold on the other end.”
 The others looked to each other dubiously, less than convinced by the Rogue’s words. Valen gave him a sidelong look. “You trust his desire for coin? Marvelous! What if he decides that he wants all we have and tosses our corpses overboard?”
 Sir Tavannos glanced from Valen to Tarakis, then interjected. “He has a point.”
 Tarakis rolled his eyes. “Look, we need to get to where we are going without advertising it to every guard post on the Jovian River.” Realizing he was speaking rather loudly, he lowered his voice to almost a whisper. “Unless anyone has a flying creature in their pocket, the Charybdis is our answer.”
 Valen and Sir Tavannos raised pensive eyebrows at one another while Airrak stroked his graying beard in thought. “I for one see no reason to doubt what you say.” Szarzekk said. He then turned to the others to add, “I suggest we follow this plan. It seems to be the swiftest way.” He waited for their agreement.
 “I agree. This seems the best plan we could hope for. We either trust this Captain Altorak, or some other dockside swindler.” Airrak said.
 “Very well.” Tavannos said to Airrak. “I trust your judgment. If you agree, I agree.”
 Valen realized they were all staring at him expectantly and after a few moments, he shook his head. “I think we are in for trouble.” He paused a moment. “However, if you all agree… very well… may the Gods help us.” 
 The companions sat in silence for a time, sipping the bitter ale. Airrak cleared his throat and spoke. “I suggest we retire for the evening, we will need our wits about us tomorrow.” He turned to give a mocking look to Sir Tavannos. “If the rooms in this Inn are anything like its ale, I will collect the change from the gold piece you paid that scoundrel earlier.”
After a few brief words with Gorin, the stout Barkeep shouted, “Jack! Show our guests to their lodgings. The one at the end of the hall.” Startled from his dozing, the boy gave a huff and sluggishly got to his feet. He motioned for the group to follow him up the stairs. Just before rounding the corner, Airrak heard the Barkeep grumble, “That boy ain’t much help.”
When Jack stopped at the end of the hall, he brushed his hand across the blank wall for a few moments, grumbling impatiently to himself. Tarakis watched the boy fumble around then turned to peer past his companions down the long corridor that they had just come down. Just a few closed doors and hanging lanterns. He heard a click and turned back to see Jack pushing the wall open. Invisible seems separated to reveal the chamber behind. The others looked to one another, impressed. They shuffled into the room wearily as the boy dragged his feet back down the hall. Tarakis waited behind the others before entering himself. He turned one last time to peer back down the corridor, pausing a moment, then slowly slid the trap door closed.

†

The tavern was empty of patrons when the demigods wandered down the stairs early dawn, stretching and rubbing the sleep from their eyes.
Gorin picked up a wooden chair stacked atop the table, flipping it over and setting it on the floor. His eyes caught the five of them as they descended the rickety staircase. “You heading out now, are you?”
“Indeed we are.” Tarakis replied, adjusting his pouches and weapons belt.
The Barkeep gave a nod. “Good. Too many suspicious characters about. Do not want your fate on my conscious.”
Tarakis grinned, his hands resting on his hips. “You concerned for me Gorin? It warms my cold heart to know that you care so much.”
“We need to move, Rogue.” Valen said with impatience. “You can continue this conversation upon our return.”
“Yes, my friend.” Gorin said as he continued with his work. “You should heed your comrade’s advice. He gestured with his head. “Go out the back. Through the alley.”
“Very well. Until next time.” Tarakis gave an exaggerated bow before leading the others to the back room full of barrels and tavern goods. “The door is this way.” He pointed a finger, heading further in.
They were almost upon the door when an eruption of racket from behind caused them to halt and whip around, hands on their weapons. When they found Tavannos bent over picking up a metal bucket and setting it straight, the immortals realized what the clamor had been.
“Sorry.” The Knight began, a touch flustered. “There was a cat.”
Valen’s brow rose. “You were afraid of a cat?”
“It was a big cat.”
Airrak shook his head. “Tavannos has never cared for cats.”
“I saw no cat.” Szarzekk mumbled.
The sound of an overexaggerated throat clearing turned their attention towards the back of the room where Tarakis waited beside a door. “Can we go now?”
The companions silently stepped out into the alley and headed toward the docks, walking through the narrow cobblestone streets, and passing only a few city folk at that early hour.
The Charybdis was a sound, if not too clean, vessel and the Captain, Altorak, seemed to share a lot of characteristics with his boat, though he appeared competent enough. The crew was made up of about a dozen men which shared a lot of his qualities. Although one of the deckhands took a very keen interest in the companions, discreetly watching their every move. After a short exchange between Tarakis and the Captain, the companions were shown to their very small stateroom for the voyage, which was expected to take three and a half days. Tarakis and the Captain appeared to be on very good terms, the Rogue being correct in his assessment of him. After wisely paying him half of the cost of their passage, Captain Altorak seemed only interested in delivering them to their destination and collecting the other half of his coin, while asking very few questions in the meantime.
The Charybdis began the journey, pulling out of its berth before dawn. With the weather fair and a cold breeze blowing, they would have no trouble making Janardan on time.

‡

Osremyer had watched the party enter the Rabid Ferret and not come out again during the night. In the morning he witnessed the five of them exit the Inn discreetly from a side alley door, following the one dressed in all black. Osremyer followed them down a few dingy crowded streets, careful to stay out of sight. His subjects made their way to the docks and stopped at the pier. There, they boarded one of the many vessels moored to the docks. From his vantage, he searched for a name on the boat. He could make it out on the port bow. “The Charybdis.” He said quietly to himself.
He turned, walking down a few short streets before turning once again down a side alley. Osremyer opened the door and stepped inside, now standing in the only place in Jovian Falls dedicated to his ultimate Master, Arrôz. The Dark Praetorium. The large circular chamber spanned at least fifty paces, a pentagram inscribed in the center of the dark marble floor. It was surrounded by slender pedestals placed every five feet, each topped with a large burning candle. Osremyer stood outside the pentagram, as he would only enter it when communing with his Master. Another figure in black robes, hood pulled up obscuring his face in shadows, stood in front of him. He handed the hooded figure a rolled-up parchment. “Take this to the Lord Tark-volmar as quickly as you can. He will want this news.” The man took the scroll, bowed, and quickly departed.
“You think that will satisfy him?” A musical voice came from behind Osremyer. “Telling him these vermin slipped through your fingers and departed the city?”
Osremyer turned and shot the speaker a venomous glare. The woman was casually sitting in an armchair against the wall, observing him with her penetrating dark eyes. Black hair framed her pale doll’s face. She was Alenia, the Soulreaper, servant of Grorrus Doomhammer. She was an accomplished assassin, tracker, and spy. Like so many of her associates, she dressed all in black. Osremyer considered her for a moment. She had obviously been sent there to watch him, though ostensibly she was sent to assist him. 
“I suspect he is going to be very upset with you, Osremyer. Letting those fools escape like that.” She gave him a devilish grin. “I would hate to be around when he finds out.”
“You know nothing!” Osremyer shot back. “My task was to observe and report and I have done just that!” Alenia surely had a smug reply ready. “Now do your job! You are the tracker, follow them and report! Do not forget who was sent to serve who!”
The mocking look on her face morphed into a sneer. “I hear and obey.” She said rather sarcastically as she slowly got up and made to leave the room.
Osremyer heard her mutter something angrily under her breath, he thought he could overhear the contempt in her echoing footsteps as she strode away. He paced around the room for a moment and turned to see her shape disappear beyond the threshold. “The presumptuous little bitch.” He grumbled.

‡

During the second day of their journey a heavy mist formed on the river, making it difficult to see more than a few boat lengths in any direction. It did not seem to matter though as the Captain and crew appeared to know where they were going, not appearing hindered in the least by the mist.
A strong northerly wind blew, a blessing, that the Captain made good use of with sail and oar. They were making good speed, despite going against the current.
The three warriors headed up to the deck to join Tarakis, leaving Airrak behind in the cabin, studying his spells. They eventually found the Rogue at the stern, bantering with Altorak. They approached the two just as they both burst out with laughter.
“Well, you appear to be in an unusually good mood.” Sir Tavannos said.
Tarakis gave the Knight a slight scowl. “It is the company, what can I say?”
“I pray your accommodations are adequate, Sir.” Captain Altorak said to the three companions. “I apologize if they are a little cramped for your party, but you must understand, my old Charybdis here is mainly built for transporting cargo, not passengers.”
Sir Tavannos, ever the humble and polite Knight, was the first to respond. “The cabin is suitable for our needs. Many thanks, Captain.” He gave Valen and Szarzekk a glance, waiting for their agreement. 
Szarzekk simply gave a slight nod while Valen added unenthusiastically, “Yes, they are quite sufficient for our needs, many thanks.” Changing the subject, the Warrior continued, “Tell me, Captain…” He gazed out into the mist ahead of them. “It has been many years since I have traveled in these parts. Is this mist a normal occurrence for this time of year?”
The Captain seemed to be caught off guard by the question. As the man pondered his answer, Valen could see a note of what appeared to be apprehension in his eyes. “I suppose I would not exactly call it normal, but I have seen similar conditions throughout the year on the river.”
Given the somewhat vagueness of his answer, Valen decided to press the issue further. “I ask because we did not see anything like that our entire journey into Jovian Falls, nor during our time in the city.”
The others did not seem to understand where Valen was going with his line of questioning. Tarakis eyed Altorak before he spoke up. “As the good Captain said, it is not unusual. I think he is more than capable of seeing his ship through it.” The Rogue gave the rough sailor a pat on the back.
Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos, although they would never admit it, heard the sense in what Tarakis had said. Both stared at Valen, waiting to hear what he had to say regarding it. 
Valen, sensing they all stared at him, was undaunted in the least. He continued his train of thought. “It is probably nothing… it is just that this fog feels peculiar. Whether it is or not, I intend to keep my guard up until we pass through. I suggest you all do the same.” He walked away, heading towards the bow.
Tarakis swapped glances with the Captain and his other two comrades before turning to watch Valen standing at the front of the boat. He seemed to be trying to see through the strange fog bank, scanning for… something.
“Do you think there is anything to it?” Sir Tavannos asked no one in particular.
“I am not certain.” Szarzekk answered. “However Valen is not one to get excited over nothing. I suggest we at least remain watchful.”
“Agreed.” Tavannos replied, Tarakis nodding in agreement.
It was not long before the outer portion of the Charybdis was fully engulfed by the eerie fog. Visibility was only about twenty feet; beyond that was a solid wall of white. The Captain had ordered lookouts all around the boat, with two sailors at the bow to keep an eye on the water ahead of them. One stood on either side of Valen, keeping their distance from the man.
“Have you ever seen anything like this?” Tarakis asked the Captain.
“Fog I have seen.” He began, then hesitated. “But this… this is different.” The Captain looked the Rogue in the eye for a moment and then headed for the bow while barking orders at the crew.
“He is scared.” Tarakis said to his two comrades, his eyes following after Altorak.
After several long moments, the Knight replied, “I have to admit, I am a little concerned myself.”
“As am I.” Szarzekk added. 
That surprised Tarakis some, for Szarzekk, being what he was, never showed fear. “The fog bothers you as well? I did not think you feared anything at all.”
Szarzekk silently regarded him. “It is not the fog itself which concerns me, but rather what it is doing.”
“What do you mean?” Sir Tavannos chimed in. “What is it doing that any other fog does not? Surely it is as thick as a stone wall… but…” He drifted off.
Szarzekk scanned around the boat. “Well for one, have you ever seen a fog bank that did not fully engulf everything within it?” He motioned around the boat. “How is it the fog has completely surrounded the vessel but has not engulfed it? We should be standing in it, hardly able to see one another. Instead we stand in the clear, with the fog all around us.”
A loud shriek burst suddenly from the front of the boat, and the three spun in alarm toward the commotion. Valen and one of the sailors were backing away from the railing, hastily drawing their weapons. Their eyes were locked on the spot where the other sailor had been standing only a moment before.
Tarakis, Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos drew their weapons as well and quickly headed to the bow. Once they reached it, they found Valen staring fixedly at the railing. 
“What was it?” Asked Tarakis.
Valen gave him a quick glance then turned to the railing. “I do not know. I saw nothing.”
The Captain stomped up to the bow in a fury. Seeing weapons drawn and one of his crewmen missing, he turned to the sailor. “What happened? Where is Jamison?”
The man appeared incredibly shaken, his dagger was visibly trembling in his hands as he answered. “I know not, Captain. One minute he was standing there and the next… I heard a scream and he was gone.”
“EVERYONE ON GUARD!” Altorak bellowed. “LOOK TO THE SIDES! ARM YOURSELVES!” There was a brief clamor of men’s boots thudding around the deck and the rase of unsheathing steel.
An uneasy silence followed, tension as thick as the fog surrounding them as they seemed to wait. Another scream erupted from somewhere off the port side.
The Captain ran toward the sound, followed by Valen and Tarakis. Tavannos and Szarzekk stayed near the shaken young sailor. “Go Szarzekk.” The Knight said. “I will stand guard here with the lad.” The Undead Warrior gave a nod and followed the others.
When they reached the port side of the boat, they were given much of the same story as before. There was no sign of the missing man.
After a few tense moments where nothing seemed to be happening, the fog appeared to be growing thicker around the boat. In the eerie silence, Tavannos shouted a loud war cry from the bow.
“I will check it out.” Tarakis said, Valen giving a nod as the Rogue rushed off.
The Warrior’s eyes drifted across the boat. “You watch the left side. I will take the right.” Valen said to Szarzekk.
“Agreed.” Szarzekk answered. “Although I will go wherever I am needed.”
Valen gave a slight bow. “I would expect nothing less.” He watched as Szarzekk headed across the boat, turning to Altorak. “Captain, tell your men to remain steadfast, whatever comes. You know as well as I, the faint-hearted will not survive.”
Altorak gave him a considering look before nodding, then started barking orders.
“Oh, and Captain…” Valen stopped him as the man was turning to leave. “Have someone retrieve our other comrade from below deck.”
The Captain flinched as another scream erupted from somewhere behind. He looked back to Valen, giving a brief nod before running toward the commotion.
Panicked shouting began to spring from every direction. Valen quickly glanced around, scanning the railing from bow to stern. His eyes passed the section of the rail directly before him, when he heard a heavy wet slap. He quickly snapped his attention to the spot and saw a slimy bloated hand gripping the rail. Not a moment passed before a large pallid figure lurched over the rail onto the deck. Milky white eyes fixed on Valen and a mouth opened, spilling water down its putrid gnawed body. It stumbled forward with surprising speed. Before it could reach him, Valen deftly slashed at the creature. His first strike cleaved through an outstretched hand, the second nearly hacked off its head. The creature stumbled for a moment before Valen planted a foot to its chest, sending it reeling backwards overboard. Within seconds, more of the dripping monstrosities were plopping onto the deck. Two, three, four of them slumped towards him with hands raised, water poured from every orifice onto the deck. “Szarzekk!” Valen shouted, his eyes still fixed on the approaching pale corpses. 
“A little busy over here!” Replied Szarzekk from behind, followed by a loud clunk of axe on flesh.
Valen gritted his teeth and prepared to fend off the Drowned Ones. At that, his mind flashed to stories of the creatures parents used to scare their misbehaved children. I suppose they are real, he thought before lunging forward, great sword flashing.
“We are dealing with four up here.” Sir Tavannos shouted from the bow, adding, “Who is watching the stern?”
“Blazing pits.” Valen swore to himself as he moved to engage the creatures coming over the railing. He turned, watching as Szarzekk’s great axe slammed through the Drowned One’s rotting skull. He shook his head. “I have no idea what is going on at the stern.” Valen yelled.
Airrak emerged from below deck, his eyes scanning around. He opened his mouth to ask where he was most needed when four bloated creatures appeared, moving menacingly towards him, moaning as they came closer. 
Airrak thought quickly, sizing up the situation. He immediately began uttering the words of magic. “Dandera! Myliti! Erascas!” He paused a moment, swirling his staff toward the deck of the boat, then continued on to finish his spell, “Illustrus!” As he yelled the last word, Airrak thumped the end of his staff onto the deck and instantaneously a loud bang, followed with a wave of bright white light emanating out in a circle around where his staff had hit the deck. The circle of light expanded so that it covered the entire boat and once it hit, the remaining Drowned Ones instantly disintegrated in the light. Even the bodies of the fallen ones left nothing behind.
The force of the spell knocked all but Airrak off their feet and after, there was complete silence as everyone returned to their feet, the companions simply brushing themselves off, but the crew were clearly stunned and in awe of the Mage. From then on they gave him a wide berth and avoided looking him in the eyes, clearly as scared of him as they were of the monsters.
The companions gathered around Airrak and watched as the remaining crew scurried about, assessing their losses. “Very impressive, my friend.” Sir Tavannos said, patting Airrak on the shoulder.
“Yes, indeed. It would have been very useful a few minutes ago.” Valen voiced, earning some sideways looks from the others.
After a few moments, Tarakis’ eyes widened. “The fog.” He paused as the others scanned around. “It is gone.”
Indeed it was gone, for they could clearly see both sides of the river. Altorak approached them with a stricken look on his face.
“Well, how did the crew do, Captain?” Sir Tavannos asked.
Before answering, the Captain gave Airrak a wary glance, then returned his attention to Tavannos. “Besides the two taken before it all started, we lost three who were at the stern.” There was obvious pain in his eyes as he spoke. “We should not have any problems getting to Janardan.” After a moment he added, “As long as we do not run into any more… trouble.”
Sir Tavannos bowed slightly. “I am sorry about your crewmen, Captain. They were brave men.” From the corner of his eye, the Knight could see the others nodding and mumbling their condolences, all except for Tarakis. That is courteous, he thought.
The Captain appeared a bit uncomfortable with the sentiment but managed to reply. “Thank you. We are about to get back underway. We should have you to Janardan on time.” The companions gave a nod while the Captain stomped off, bellowing orders to his men, as if nothing out of the ordinary just occurred.
“Do not think I did not see that, Rogue.” Tavannos said, taking him off to the side.
“What did you see, Knight?”
“When the Captain told us of his losses, you stood there, looking sour as a lemon.” Sir Tavannos chided. “You do not even have the decency to even pretend remorse.”
“Spare me your sanctimony, Tavannos.” Spat Tarakis. “Yes, five men lost their lives, but they were fools.”
“Fools?” Sir Tavannos glared at the Rogue, aghast. “How can you say that? They died defending The Charybdis and the lives of their mates.”
Tarakis narrowed his eyes. “They stumbled over each other like hens hoping to flee the fox. I saw no fighting, only fear. It could have gotten us all killed.” He turned and started to walk away.
“Tarakis!” Sir Tavannos yelled after him. “You cannot fault men for being afraid. Not everyone is the son of a God!”
Without stopping, the Rogue raised a hand and flung it dismissively.

†

After a few more days on the river, the Charybdis pulled into the port of Janardan. Tarakis paid Captain Altorak the remaining half of his coin before exchanging an unceremonious nod with the man. By the time they had all disembarked from The Charybdis, it had not yet reached midday, they decided to search for the library immediately rather than an Inn. 
Janardan was small compared to Jovian Falls, merely a tenth of its size and likewise a tenth of the people within its walls. Built right at the tail end of the forest, small two and three story stone establishments lined each sides of the streets.
“Hands to yourself, Rogue.” Valen warned as they passed through the gates.
Tarakis cast a brief glance behind, eyeing the guards. “Such is a boring life.” He mumbled under his breath.
“We are not here for enjoyment.” Airrak voiced.
Tarakis rolled his eyes. “Obviously.”
In the end it turned out to be fairly easy to find the library, for they only had to ask a couple of the locals and in a very short time they knew its location. A half an hour after getting off the boat, the demigods stood in front of the gates of the great Library of the Seekers.
Staring at the impressive looking structure, Tavannos cleared his throat. “Well, shall we?” The others nodded their agreement and together, they entered the library.
CHAPTER
7

“The what?” Darius replied, turning a confused look on Kai’las before addressing the Seraph once again. “The… Fae Prince?” 
She inclined her head and stared curiously at Kai’las, “Your companion is not aware.”
“I suppose he is now.” Kai’las answered, sounding somewhat amused.
“Not possible.” Darius brushed a nervous hand through his hair. “The Fae do not exist. They appear in bedtime stories for children or frightening tales told around a campfire.”
“Ah...well… it was not how I would have preferred to tell you but I assure you, we exist.” Kai’las said, raising his hands, wanting to add further words before Darius had a chance to reply. “And when you speak of frightening tales, you speak of the Underfae, or perhaps even some of the Unseelie, which I am neither so you may rest easy, my friend.”
Darius scoffed nervously. “Rest easy you say. Then tell me...” His eyes narrowed. “Why does she mistrust you?” He regarded the Seraph who had been standing back, silently listening to their exchange. “You were able to discern what he was. How?”
Before the Angel had a chance to speak up, Kai’las took it upon himself to address the Warrior’s question. “The Fae and the Celeyians have been at odds for near a thousand years.” He turned to address the Seraph. “As I was standing here looking at you… you do in fact seem familiar to me. If I am not mistaken, you are Alindra’s daughter.” She was reluctant to answer at first, but when she finally nodded, Kai’las dared a step closer. “I do know a thing or two of the Celeyians and one is that they possess the uncanny ability to identify truth and lies. And if you know anything of the Fae, you are aware we do not lie.”
“Yes, I am aware.” She stated, her eyes watching his every move. “Though you have been known to glide around the truth when convenient for you.”
Kai’las grinned. “Very true. I will admit to that.” He tilted his head, looking directly at her. “But still... you would be able to tell, would you not?”
“I would.”
Kai’las nodded. “As I thought. So then tell me... Commander.” He gestured at the medallions decorating her armor, recognizing her as the highest-ranking officer of the Celeyian Army. “Am I being truthful with you when I say I honestly could give a damn about a little spat which occurred between my father and your mother so long ago they themselves likely do not even recall what the fuss was all about?”
The Seraph bore into his cloudy green eyes for several long moments, seeing within their depths the Fae was speaking the truth. Although the realization hardly surprised her, for the aura surrounding him at the moment was bright yellow, reminding her of light and happiness. Yet she knew it would not always be yellow. She sheathed her sword. “I will admit I am in agreement with you. I am certain they cannot recall why they have not spoken in several centuries.” She took quite a few steps back. “Though I think at one time or another my mother was actually quite fond of your father.”
Kai’las laughed. “Perhaps a lover’s quarrel then. Unfortunately, my father is known for his appetites for pleasure. They are quite… versatile.”
“Are not all Fae alike in that respect?” The Seraph asked in jest.
“Clever.” He said, grinning, then added with a bow, “I am Kai’las.”
Her golden eyes lit up when she smiled. “Well met, Kai’las. I am called Makaelah.”
“It is nice to see you smile, Makaelah. Your face is far too beautiful to set a frown upon it. How long have you been on Rystarr?”
“I only just arrived.” She responded and surveyed the area, adding, “May I ask where we are?”
Their attention was turned to Darius, whom both appeared to have forgotten until he reminded them by clearing his throat. “In the forest of Janardan.” He answered, assuming she knew Rystarr well. He did not have much knowledge of the divine, having had only one encounter with them in his lifetime, if it could be called an encounter, but that one time was one too many as far as he was concerned.
“Still in Janardan.” She muttered, giving a heavy, disappointed sigh. “Far from Celeya.”
“Quite far.” Darius considered her a moment, inclining his head. “How did you come to Rystarr? Aside from the Gods themselves, travel between the planes I hear is somewhat limited.”
Makaelah took a moment to answer. Her instincts were telling her that trusting them was not an issue and standing near to them she was feeling similar sensations she felt with her brother. An awareness he was close by, though the sensations were much stronger with her brother and pulled from her heart, where this was a pull from deep in her gut with slight prickles along the back of her neck. The divine being turned to face them, the tips of her wings lightly brushing across the ground. “The two of you are also children of the Gods.” It was not a question but she waited for confirmation.
Kai’las’ eyes lit up with excitement. “So you do feel it. Darius and our other companions only just learnt of their Godly lineage but I think like me, this has been known to you for most, if not all, of your lifetime.” He did not wait for her to reply, tilting his head to the side while he looked at her from the corner of his eyes. “Makaelah, I believe you are meant to come with us.”
Darius stepped in with his hand raised. “Hold just a minute. She still has yet to answer my question.” Not about to let it go so easily, he repeated his earlier question. “How did you come to Rystarr?”
Kai’las glared at the Warrior for the cold and insulting manner of his words. “Makaelah, please excuse my companion’s lack of compassion and grace. He is normally not so ill-mannered.”
“Yes, forgive me for being cautious.” Darius said coldly, his eyes narrowed boldly on the Fae, neither of them noticed the look of humor in the Celeyian’s eyes as she stood watching the two of them argue back and forth.
Their bickering ceased when Shadowhawk rushed in through the nearby trees with Xilton at her heels. Makaelah quickly drew her sword and Kai’las moved fast, stepping up beside her with his hands raised. “They are with us, Makaelah. The attractive Monk is Xilton Taregan and the… bitter Elf who never appears to smile is D’ae Feon.”
“Shadowhawk.” The Elf corrected frigidly.
“Apologies.” Kai’las replied without emotion. “I had forgotten she prefers to be addressed by her common name.” He winked at the Seraph. “I present to you Makaelah, Commander of the Celeyian Armies. Makaelah will be joining us just as soon as she appeases Captain Varen by explaining to him how she came to be on Rystarr.” The others had no great trouble noting his sarcasm as he regarded Darius.
“Commander.” Shadowhawk said with a nod. “I would advise you explain quickly. I regret to say, we may have unwanted eyes upon us.” The Elf glanced around between the three of them. “I have uncovered unusual tracks too close for my liking.”
“Explain unusual.” Kai’las voiced.
“They were not human.”
“Very well.” Makaelah said, sheathing her sword once again. “As you, Kai’las, I have known of my Godly lineage all of my life. My father appeared to me less than a fortnight ago with an urgent request to travel to Rystarr. I was to portal outside a small town called Pembrook, although...” At the mention of the town’s name, the other four glanced at one another, unable to hide their surprise and Makaelah noticed it as well. “This is familiar to you?”
“It is.” Darius said. “Go on.”
Makaelah bristled at the Warrior’s disrespectful manner but she continued speaking. “Circumstances arose on Celeya delaying my journey. Since I missed the assemblage which had taken place in Pembrook, my father then directed me to Janardan, to the Library of the Seekers. He bade me to speak with the Head Seeker. I departed the library this morn, having decided to fly to Jovian Falls. I had only stopped here a moment for a drink of water when I was then attacked.” 
“Your father is Allassidel, the God of the Angels?” Darius asked, seeing the Gods symbol on the breast of her armor.
“That much should be obvious.” Makaelah responded not too warmly. “Although spoken properly he is the Lord of the Angelic Host.”
“And that is how you entered Rystarr. He created a portal for you.” His comment was more of a statement than it was a question, so Makaelah felt there was no need to give more information than what was necessary. “You say you met the Head Seeker. An extremely tall man, would you not say? What was his name again?”
Makaelah’s eyes narrowed and a sigh came out of Kai’las from behind. “Tall? I suppose Master Raith could be considered tall… for a Gnome.” She coldly said. “Now, Master Varen… “
“Darius.” He corrected.
“Darius.” She spit his name out like a piece of spoiled fruit. “My father explained to me the urgency of the matter and I have no intention of failing him. So if you are satisfied…”
“I am.” He interjected. “For now.” Darius growled low and did not sound overly excited when he said, “Kai’las was correct. You are meant to travel with us.” He scratched his head as he glanced around at the bandits lying motionless. He had not realized there was a fourth man. She must have taken care of that one before we arrived, he thought. Stepping over to the body, Darius knelt down to examine it, taking note once again of the spiked black armor he had noticed before. Taking a deep breath, he exhaled and stood. “These were soldiers.”
 “Yes.” Makaelah agreed. “Their fighting skills proved as much. I would say attendants of the God of Evil.”
 “Arrôz?” Xilton responded with surprise.
 “This one is still alive.” Darius said, earning their attention. They found him bent over one of the armored soldiers. Standing upright, he added, “The other three are dead.”
 “And what of the fifth?” Makaelah asked. “Though I think he may be dead as well.”
 Kai’las grinned. “I am impressed but hardly surprised.”
 Darius too was impressed but not about to say it. Instead, he gave a mocking smile. “Wonderful, and where is this fifth one?” The Seraph pointed behind her to a thick grouping of trees and Darius stormed past her through the forest, mumbling angrily to himself.
 Kai’las let him go, choosing to stay behind with the others. “Do not mind him, for some odd reason or another he has got a bit of a chip on his shoulder.” He said to Makaelah and grinned wide. “I for one am looking forward to traveling with you. To Blarth with millennia old quarrels.”
“Millennia old quarrels?” Xilton repeated, frowning in uncertainty.
Kai’las waved a hand at her comment. “All in good time, my friend.” He exchanged a look with Makaelah, then added, “Nothing to worry yourself over.” 
Darius entered then with a grim look on his face. “I found the fifth one and you were correct, he is dead. Just so you are aware for future reference, a Seraph may survive flying into a tree at ninety miles per hour but a human would not. We are a bit more fragile.”
Makaelah inhaled sharply, stomping over to stand before him. “I know not what tragedy you faced in your life which caused you to become such a cold and uncaring being but you need not punish me, for it was not I who caused such tragedy.”  
“You seem quite certain of that.” Darius replied quietly. Staring into her golden eyes he could see tiny flames dance in their center.
Makaelah took a step back. “You blame me for some misfortune you befell? I do not even know you, Captain Varen.”
“Misfortune?” He said smiling, though it never touched his eyes. “We have not met. My issues lie with the Celeyians in general.”
Makaelah spoke words in her native Celeyian tongue, her anger showing clearly with the flames in her eyes growing even larger. She took a deep calming breath, her eyes returning to their normal. “Stay clear of me and I will do you the same honor.”
“Agreed.” Darius stormed away.
As Makaelah turned to leave, a soft wind whispered over her ear. Her eyes drifted up to the thick white clouds where they stayed focused for several long moments before she smiled, laying a hand over her heart.

‡

Skalanis kept to the shadows cast by the trees. The forest was always a good cover, allowing him to see without being seen. In the areas where cover was not available, the Mage had to perform spells of concealment and in doing so for long periods of time he had used up a great deal of his power, weakening him. He had caught the demigods trail since they first entered Janardan where he began performing his spells, waiting for the Fae to step in and use his own powers at some point. He knew the Fae Prince was powerful and only hesitated to use them because those he traveled with had not yet known what he truly was, but Skalanis had. The weather and fog spells he had cast in the forest were just the first part of tests he had planned for these offspring’s of the Gods.
His master, Tark-volmar, demanded he learn more of this group, and Skalanis would learn all he could with the time he had. Earlier, he witnessed the Angel as she came down from the sky, resting those glorious wings of hers and allowing him the opportunity to alert Tark-volmar. The demigod son of Arrôz arrived quickly, bringing with him a few of his soldiers, his orders being to try and take the Celeyian by surprise, though it did not end well for the soldiers. No sooner had his master departed that Skalanis watched, almost in awe, as the winged creature cut the black armored soldiers down in a matter of moments.
He shook his head to clear it. “I need to test their strength.” He whispered, setting his mind back on track. In the direction they were heading, the Mage was certain Jovian Falls was their destination. “Though perhaps it would be wise to start small.”

‡

As the week went by, Makaelah spent a lot of it traveling beside Kai’las, a being who was an enemy of her people. He was not at all what she had expected which came to her as a pleasant surprise. But then, Makaelah was different than other Celeyians. Her father, who was so unlike her mother, taught her to always look deeper and to never judge harshly. She stayed mostly on the ground, traveling throughout the days as Kai’las recounted everything which had happened from the town of Pembrook to the Library of the Seekers with Master Raith. Every time she was close by, the other three stayed close as well, none of them speaking much but all listening intently.
Darius halted his horse and unrolled his map. “Just a minute.” He paused a moment to study the parchment. “We are in Dark Wood now and will be for some time. So I suggest we tread lightly.”
“Tread very lightly.” Shadowhawk uttered, afraid her voice came across too shaky for the others not to have noticed. She could not help but lose herself in thought, for it was the only thing which could ever frighten her even though it had been many years since she had stepped foot into Dark Wood. Her feet suddenly felt like iron as an uneasy feeling came over her. Shadowhawk took a deep breath to calm her nerves, casting her eyes at their surroundings, for she knew they were being watched, but through the thick trees she saw no one.
“What do you know of it?” Kai’las curiously asked, feeling her uneasiness.
“Never mind. It is nothing I wish to discuss… especially with you.” In fact, she did not wish to discuss it with any of them, though somehow, she had to get her mind off what had happened in these woods five and seventy years ago. “Explain to me why we had to travel through the woods. Why did we travel away from the river?”
Darius sighed. He did not like having to explain his actions. “We were being followed.” He peered over at Shadowhawk, her eyes showing uneasiness. “And by the look on your face, you sensed it as well. I had hoped we could somehow be rid of them by entering the woods.”

†

The immortals traveled on for a couple of days without any mishaps, in fact the only things up to that point which they encountered were a couple tree snakes, a large wild cat and a few wild dogs. 
When they stopped to rest the horses during their second day in the woods, Darius took the opportunity to say, “It has been over a week now, were you ever planning on sharing your secret with the others?”
Kai’las immediately halted, glaring at the Warrior. He made no effort to hide his irritation. “I had thought of it, Darius. Though you seem a bit too eager. Perhaps you would like to do the honor?”
Darius scoffed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Me? No. It is not my secret to tell.”
The Fae stood glowering at the Warrior for a time, leaving Makaelah looking uncomfortable. Xilton and Shadowhawk both had looks of curiosity, though neither of them spoke. Finally, Kai’las turned to the two females. “I am certain you have heard of the Fae?”
“The Seelie?” Xilton replied nodding shortly. “Yes, of course. The Monastery has many books with tales of the Fae. In fact, one of my favorite stories of all time is of the Fae Prince of the Court of Light.”
“Is that so?” Kai’las said, stepping closer with a wide grin spreading across his face. “You will have to tell me of this.”
“Well…” Xilton said, beginning the story but only to be interrupted.
“Alas, it will have to wait, my friend.” He gave her a couple of gentle pats on her shoulder. “Most likely an extraordinary tale, I am sure.” The Monk nodded as Kai’las grinned. “But these many tales which you speak of having read in your Monastery are not just stories. The Fae truly exist.”
“Of course they do.” Shadowhawk replied, but the way she spoke it, Kai’las could not tell if she was just being facetious. He stepped over to her and grabbed ahold of her arm, moving so fast she hardly saw him. “Unhand me.” The Elf pulled her arm free from his grip. “What was the meaning of…”
Kai’las looked into her eyes. “Do you truly believe in the Fae?”
“I do if you must know. Why is this so important to you?” Shadowhawk paused talking, searching his pale eyes and a moment later, she smiled. “Ah, now I understand. I knew there was something odd about you. You are Fae.” Making that realization should have unnerved her but, besides Dark Wood, there were few things in life which made Shadowhawk uncomfortable.
The Monk on the other hand looked too shocked for words, shuffling her feet. “Xilton?” Kai’las stood in front of her in the next instant, laying his hands on her shoulders. “Are you well?”
Xilton had known since the moment she met him there was something about Kai’las which felt otherworldly and still, she liked him. Although, all that was going through her mind at the moment were the tales she had read of the Fae, most of them horrible and frightening. But this is Kai’las, she said to herself. “Yes... Just a little… surprised, as you can imagine.”
He smiled softly. “As to be expected.”
“Well, here is your next surprise…” Darius voiced, unable to hide his amusement. “Xilton… meet the Fae Prince.”
Shadowhawk gasped and Xilton’s knees wobbled weakly. Kai’las cast a quick glare at Darius as he moved his hands from her shoulders to her arms, lending her support. It took her a moment to reply. “Just to clarify… are we…” She swallowed hard. “Are we speaking of the Seelie or the… the Unseelie? Or…”
“Underfae?” Kai’las completed her question for her. “My Gods, Xilton, if you know anything of the Underfae than how can you ask that? They are monsters.”
“Apologies, Kai’las.” Xilton stuttered. “But I ask this because I know next to nothing of them. There is no history written of them anywhere. All Fae are known for their ability to use glamour to change their appearance. So how are we to know you are not truly Underfae?”
“He is not Underfae.” Makaelah insisted, stepping forward. “Nor is he Unseelie. I am able to see through illusions as well as glamour spells. It was how I was able to discern who he was upon first meeting him. Kai’las is the Fae Prince of the Court of Light. The Seelie.”
“Ah… so now I see.” Kai’las muttered. “Yes, I admit, I do use glamour to conceal my appearance. The Fae have a tendency to ‘stand out’ if you will. The less attention we draw unto ourselves, the better.”
“But Master Raith knew who you were.” Xilton stated. She recalled the small comments the Gnome had made, which at the time made absolutely no sense to her.
Kai’las smiled “Yes, Master Raith came as a surprise to me. I was not expecting him.” He would have to ask his mother about the Gnome to see what she thought of him. Kai’las had felt somewhat uneasy since he learnt his entire life had been recorded in tomes. He knew Raith himself had obviously not be watching him since his birth, since Kai’las was far older than the Gnome, so he wondered who it was that first had the task.
Shadowhawk had heard stories her people spoke of the Fae Prince. They all expressed he was one of the most powerful entities of all creation, apart from the Gods themselves. His powers were presumed to even prevail substantially over the Prince of the Unseelie, who was not of Godly lineage. She stepped close to Makaelah, whispering, “Are you certain he is the Seelie Prince?”
“Quite certain.” She answered and the Elf looked uneasy when she nodded faintly, turning away.
The Warrior kept glancing at the surrounding trees fully aware most ambushes occurred when the party set upon was distracted. “Since that has been cleared, I will ask you this...” Darius said, earning Kai’las’ attention. “That night in Pembrook when I mentioned the word Bursting... you had heard of it before. Had you not?”
“Yes. Similar to Makaelah, I have been in existence for quite a long time, Darius. So, I was alive when the last Bursting struck Rystarr. Striking Pembrook. I know not what led you there but for me, it was an incredibly unimaginable vision. One which limited my powers, holding me there. Forcing me to witness it.”
Kai’las’ words made Darius recall the night of his own vision which he was forced to witness as well. In the time he has traveled with them he has not spoken a word of it, though Darius could recall every detail of that night. His peered back up at the Fae. “And what about your eyes? At times there is a bright flutter of light.”
He shrugged. “Effects of my glamour spell. I have no control over it.”
“Do all Celeyians have the ability to see through illusions and glamour?” Xilton asked Makaelah, changing the subject. “As well as the Fae and all otherworldly beings, the Monastery holds quite the large selection of books on Celeya and I admit I am guilty of reading every last one of them, but I do not recall ever reading anything on the subject of the Angels abilities.”
“All Celeyians have the ability to identify truth and lies but to see through illusions and glamour… besides my father there is only one other which I am aware of. On Celeya many call it a gift and I think at times I will agree to that, although, I also consider it much of a curse as well. There are times I would prefer not to see what others work so hard at concealing. After all, monsters come in many forms.”
“Yes.” Kai’las quietly voiced, his tone suddenly alert. “Like the ones surrounding us this very moment.”
Darius turned about. “Do you see something?” His hands instinctively fell to the hilts of his swords.
The Fae’s eyes flickered iridescent. “I do. They are high in the trees near the canopy.” His head cocked to one side while he listened intently. “And they are not human.”
“You can tell they are not human?” Xilton muttered in surprise.
Kai’las’ cloudy green eyes were fixed on her. “Would a human have two heartbeats?”
Through the thick foliage Makaelah scanned the canopy layer. Her golden eyes saw no movement, though she trusted Kai’las’ words. “Perhaps they are not hostile.”
He grinned wickedly. “Oh, they are hostile.”
The Seraph stared curiously at him as she took in the violet aura which now surrounded Kai’las. A powerful aura. “Suggestions?” Makaelah asked, directing her question towards all four of them.
“You are the Commander of the Celeyian Armies...what would be your orders in this situation?” Darius said, his words coming out spiteful and crude.
Makaelah took a step in his direction, her eyes narrowed with tiny flames dancing across their center. “And you are the Captain of the Kingsguard...what would you do?”
“For the love of the Gods.” Shadowhawk growled. “These creatures could set on us at any moment while the two of you stand about bickering at one another.” Her eyes shot around uneasily. She noticed that no birds sang their song in the woodland canopy as beams of light shot down casting shadows off the trees. “You knew traveling through Dark Wood was a mistake from the beginning and yet you proceeded to lead us through it.” Shadowhawk sneered at Darius.
The clash of thunder halted their arguing at once, drawing the half-Gods attention upwards. Through the canopy they witnessed pure white lightning flash across a cloudy sky. One by one, creatures began peeling away from the trees, their forms appearing to be partial fragments of the trees themselves. They were long and lanky and their wooden heads had four-inch spiked bark protruding from them. Circular black glassy eyes sat above a wide mouth full of rows of sharp wooden teeth. Their fingers and toes appeared as branches extending to sharpened thorns which they used to claw their way down the trees.
“As I said... Dark Wood was a mistake.” Shadowhawk uttered.
“Oh, I disagree, D’ae Feon.” Kai’las remarked, his eyes now fully glowing bright iridescent green. “It was due time for some excitement.” He raised his hand and lightning burst throughout the sky once again, its bolts branching out as it struck down, hammering directly through two of the animated creatures. They instantly erupted in flames falling from the trees to the ground below in a heap of charred wood.
Makaelah whispered, “Peregi,” and a glowing bow of light suddenly appeared in her hands. As she pulled the bowstring back an arrow instantly appeared which she immediately let fly. Once the arrow left the bowstring it erupted in purple flames and flew through the air, a beacon of light searching for its mark. She wasted no time, firing off another three before Makaelah released her bow, it vanishing in her hands as she drew her sword. She moved to join her other three companions, who had become surrounded by the strange wooden creatures.
While Shadowhawk attacked with her short sword and Xilton used her skills of various kicks and punches, Darius pressed forward, his weapons raised. A creature struck at him, its thorned hand slicing through air as the Warrior slammed it aside and spun away. His swords sliced through the beast next to him, cutting it in half before he turned back to the first one and took off its wooden head.
A twinkle of hundreds of tiny lights suddenly came rushing towards them and began enveloping the wooden creatures, shooting around in a force of speed. A grin spread across Kai’las’ face as he and his companions stood witnessing the creatures slowly shrivel, becoming petrified. At once, all of the lights moved away, hovering above the immortals while large clumps of petrified wood dropped to the woodland floor from what was left of the animated creatures.
Kai’las, his eyes back to their normal pale color, began speaking to the lights in an elegant musical language while his companions stood in confusion. He laughed and continued speaking, appearing to have a full conversation though none of the others could hear another voice responding back to him.
“Kai’las?” Makaelah finally interrupted.
He looked at her from the side. “Apologies.” He turned back to the lights. “Mhaenal, if you please.” One of the tiny lights circled around his head before coming to rest in front of him. As the light started to grow to about a foot in diameter, it began dimming. A small feminine body appeared glowing with dainty dragonfly wings.
“You are a Fairy.” Xilton stated, taking a step back in surprise. With the glow radiating off of the small being she could barely make out her delicate features, but she was beautiful.
“I present Mhaenal.” Kai’las voiced with a motion of his hands.
“Greetings.” The Fairy said with a slight bow as her long golden hair drifted forward. “Apologies we did not arrive when the Cludurak first began to flay. We had dealings at the opposite end of the woods at the time.” Her voice was a soft twinkle.
“I would say your timing was impeccable, Mhaenal.” Makaelah expressed with a kind smile.
The Fairy gave a nod of her head, her green eyes turning cold. “Celeyian.”
“Makaelah is a friend, Mhaenal. Treat her with respect.” Kai’las said.
She lowered her eyes. “Yes, my Prince. Apologies Celeyian.” The Fairy then turned, casting her eyes at the hundreds of lights which still hovered above. “We are being summoned to the north end of the woods.”
“Then you must go.” Kai’las replied. “My thanks for your assistance.”
“It was an honor, my Prince.” She said, becoming small and tiny once again. The hundreds of little Fairies shot off through Dark Wood, their glowing lights disappearing the deeper they flew.
As the companions quietly sheathed their weapons and gathered their packs, Kai’las eyed Darius. “You have been exceptionally quiet.”
Darius cleared his throat. “Yes, well... only over a week ago I learnt the Fae truly existed and now... I just witnessed hundreds of them.” His eyes drifted around restlessly. “To say I am feeling uneasy is an understatement.”
The corner of Kai’las’ mouth tipped up. “They defended you, did they not?”
Darius said nothing but inclined his head as he walked to his horse and climbed on. He picked up the path they had been on before coming into contact with the wooden creatures, moving through the trees and not bothering to look back to see if his companions even followed.
When darkness came, their travel grew difficult through the thick vegetation and though they would have preferred to move closer at making it out of Dark Wood, the half-Gods thought it wiser to pause for the night. Shadowhawk was very tense about having to stay in the woods another night, but the Elf knew they could not travel when some of them could not see clearly, and so they ventured off the path a little ways, finding a quiet place to set camp in a small clearing. They tended to the horses and tethered them to nearby trees where they could keep their eyes on them.
Darius’ eyes watched Makaelah as she set her travelers pack aside and stretched out her wings, careful not to strike anyone with them and their fifteen-foot wingspan. Some did not know a Seraph’s wings were also weapons which could kill a being with a single strike. This fact always came as a surprise to their opponents, of course by that time it was usually too late and they were already dead. He shuddered at the thought. Though no matter how much he hated to admit, the wings were a beautiful sight. Tearing his eyes away, he leaned back against the thick tree. “Bloody fool.” He mumbled angrily. Taking a rather large bite of jerky, Darius washed it down with a swig of whiskey.
Shadowhawk’s eyes kept flickering towards the surrounding trees as she tried desperately to get a fire started. With the knowledge they were still being spied upon she planned on doing a sweep of the woods nearby. The Elf wanted no surprises.
“You know there are other ways of doing that.” Darius said, having noticed the difficulty she was having with getting the fire started. He motioned at Kai’las when Shadowhawk looked his way.
She glared at him. “I do not need his help.”
“I can see that.” Darius replied in jest. “It will not catch.”
“The wood is just a little damp. I am having some trouble lighting it.” 
“Yes, I can see that as well.” He coldly said. Sighing, Darius popped his last piece of jerky into his mouth and stood. Throwing his flask down on top of his pack, he stepped over to her. “But I for one would like to warm up by a fire… preferably before the morning. So, if you do not want Kai’las to do it his way then please let me give it a go.” Squatting down next to her, he reached his hand out. The Elf hissed but handed over the flint and steel without a word before stomping away.
Darius gave it his best shot… many times over and when he finally gave up Shadowhawk actually let out a small chuckle. “Did I not tell you that the wood would not catch?” Darius said, tossing the flint and steel back to the Elf before he wandered back over to his tree, shaking his head. 
Shadowhawk shrugged her shoulders. “Better to try on our own then to always rely on the Fae.”
Kai’las, who had been sitting on an overturned tree, silently watched them with humor in his eyes. He blew the smoke out from his pipe, letting it twirl above his head. “I have been waiting for the two of you to give up.” He raised his hand and the wood immediately erupted.
“Show off.” Darius grumbled, causing Kai’las to laugh outright. “I will return shortly.” He said, draping his cloak around him as he turned to head away from the camp.
The Fae’s cloudy eyes fixed on him. “And where are you off to?”
“I need some supper. Those measly rations have not filled me.”
Xilton sat atop her bedding, appearing to be in a daze as she stared across the fire at Kai’las. He felt the Monk’s eyes lingering on him for some time, though she had not spoken a word yet. “Do you have something you wish to say, Xilton?” Kai’las asked, humor lacing his tone. “I fear your eyes are boring holes into my skull.”
Instantly, Xilton turned away, diverting her gaze. She cleared her throat. “Apologies.” She lowered her head and began rummaging through her pack.
“No need. You have questions. Speak what you will.”
“Very well.” The Monk replaced the cork on her waterskin and set it aside. “Mhaenal and the other Fairies... they live in Dark Wood?”
“Yes. They were created to defend the forests of Rystarr. They are Sark’ou... soldiers of the forest.”
Shadowhawk, who had been listening, sat up on her bedroll. “How many other forests do these... fairies reside in?” She asked, her heart racing.
“Are you asking me if there are Sark’ou living in Greenmar?” Kai’las’ eyes narrowed. “Why do you fret, D’ae Feon when they defended you?” He sighed. “You may rest easy; they are only in Dark Wood. Though there was a time almost two millennia ago when the Sark’ou defended every forest of Rystarr.”
Makaelah witnessed the change come over him as Kai’las became somber, withdrawing into himself and his thoughts. “What misfortune befell them?” She asked, knowing it could only have been something dreadful for him to turn so sorrowful.
His pale cloudy green eyes met her golden and he smiled faintly. “Soldiers fall as you know.” Was the only answer Kai’las was willing to give. “The Sark’ou left Rystarr for a brief time, returning to Faery.”
“How long have they been here… in Dark Wood?” Xilton quietly asked.
“Just over a millennia.”
“What?” Shadowhawk uttered, her head turning sharply. “Let me understand this...” She began speaking with teeth clenched. “These... fairy soldiers... here to help the people of Rystarr, have been here, in Dark Wood for a millennia?”
“Just over a millennia.” Kai’las corrected her while his eyes stared into hers. He angled his head to the side. “I understand you have a past with Dark Wood, D’ae Feon. You will not speak of it, so I know not the details, but know this, if it involves humans or other elves, the Sark’ou would not have interfered. They are forbidden of ending a Rystarrian’s life no matter the circumstance.”
Shadowhawk hissed angrily. She grabbed ahold of her weapons and cloak, stood, then belted off through the thick vegetation.
Xilton focused on the direction the Elf had departed before turning her gaze on Makaelah and Kai’las. “Should I follow after her?”
“It is kind of you to offer, Xilton, but I believe Shadowhawk may require some time to herself.” Makaelah responded with a smile.
Darius returned then with two wild rabbits hanging limply over his shoulder. He stopped and glanced at each of them, taking in their aloofness and noticing Shadowhawk’s empty bedding. “The Elf?”
“Oh, she bounded off into the woods.” Kai’las replied with a casual wave of his hand. “Doing what Rangers do, I suppose.”

†

Throughout the long days of their travels Kai’las and Makaelah had become inseparable. When the trees grew too thick, not allowing her to fly, the Celeyian would either walk beside his mount or share the horse with him, speaking of stories of their past during the trek through the thick foliage of Dark Wood. Even Shadowhawk found herself intrigued by their conversations and now that they were finally out of the woods did she realize that listening to the two of them was what got her through the days without going completely mad. She was able to breathe a much-needed sigh of relief.
Small green hills now stretched as far as their eyes could see. Trees scattered around them, their orange and brown leaves bearing the signs that harvest was well underway. Somewhere out in the distance was the city of Jovian Falls, their next destination, though another two days of travel.
While Makaelah sat behind Kai’las, she eyed Darius in the distance, trotting his brown beast at least fifty yards in front of them. Occasionally, he would turn and scan behind him. “I wish I knew what I did to offend him so.” She uttered, her voice sounding troubled.
“How could you have done anything to a man you do not even know?” Kai’las replied.
She shook her head. “That is the mystery. But there is something... you say he was not like this before we met?”
“No, he was not. Something has definitely rustled his undergarments.” Though Kai’las did not say it, he could feel Darius’ emotions were confusing.
“It was the Celeyians. Something happened to him, I do not know what, but he owns a hatred toward my kind.”
Kai’las turned his head, peering at her over his shoulder. “He told you this?” Makaelah inclined her head. “Hmm. Interesting. Still, it was nothing you did directly and Darius must realize this. Especially if we are going to be traveling together for a time.”
“I fear my presence among your group has caused too much discomfort. It was not my intention. I owe you an apology. I should have spoken nothing of who you truly were in front of Darius. Your secret was not mine to tell.”
“Makaelah...” Kai’las took ahold of her hand from behind. “You, my friend, do not need to concern yourself with that. You knew nothing of me.” He smiled. “I should be thanking you. I really should have spoken the truth to them early on, but... well, throughout my lifetime I have grown wary of the people of Rystarr, though I had learnt rather quickly the three of them were trustworthy. I only have myself to blame. My mistake... not yours. Yes?” Makaelah gave a nod and Kai’las kissed her hand before releasing it. “How long has it been since you have given your wings a proper stretch?”
Makaelah scoffed. “Since before Dark Wood. I could hardly fly properly in that dreary place.”
Kai’las grinned. “Well then… I would say you are past overdue.”
Shadowhawk turned to face them. “You are aware we still have a tail on us?”
“Yes.” He responded as he helped Makaelah slide off his horse. “I am aware we are being followed. And he is doing an excellent job at staying concealed. He has also chosen not to touch us thus far. My eyes can see for miles.” Kai’las grinned at the Seraph. “Go on.” 
“Just a stretch.” Makaelah said with a smile and shot into the air, her magnificent wings opening up behind her.
Up ahead, a shadow passed over Darius, causing him to halt his horse and glance up, his eyes immediately becoming glued to the marvelous sight above him. For a brief moment he forgot how much he despised the Celeyian. Darius shook his head, clearing it. “This is going to be a very long journey.” He grumbled.
They traveled southwest the entire day, tending to the horses, then setting camp beside a small creek when darkness drifted around once again, taking them no further for the time being. According to their map, they should reach Jovian Falls by evening the next day. Darius immediately left them to search for food while the remaining four warmed next to Kai’las’ magical fire.
“By this time tomorrow we will be sleeping in a bed.” The Fae remarked, stretching out on his bedding.
“I will welcome that.” Xilton uttered. “It feels like it has been a lifetime.
“A lifetime since I have bathed.” Shadowhawk grumbled.
Kai’las immediately sat back up with his head cocked to one side. “We are soon to have company.” He quietly stated and before any of them could remark, he added, “Just remain calm. I cannot yet decide what they are about.”
Moments later, six men came roaming in from the darkness while keeping a fair amount of distance from the companions, standing several yards away from their camp. “Evening.” The man closest to them spoke.
“Good eve.” Kai’las replied, taking in the newcomers. They all appeared rough and surly, wearing incredibly crude leather armor with a long sword at their hips. Their hair and beards were long and scraggly giving the appearance they had not washed in quite some time.
“The name is Aiden.” The man spoke again. “We were passing through and saw your fire.” He eyed Kai’las. “Just you with the women here?”
Kai’las assumed by the man’s remark he did not notice Makaelah’s wings which was possible since all the men stood half shrouded in darkness. He grinned and stood up. “Well, Aiden, yes. For now it is just myself with the females here.” The men eyed one another and all at once, Kai’las felt their emotions. He took a sharp intake of air, his eyes flickering with a prism of colors for a brief instant. “My advice would be for you and yours to keep passing through.”
“Just a little warmth by your fire is all we ask.” Another man said, taking a step forward.
“What harm is that.” Said another. “It is late and we are weary.”
Kai’las took his own step forward. “I think not. There is plenty of land nearby and I am certain you have the means to manage your own fire.”
The men glanced at each other once again, appearing to have some sort of silent communication. Finally, Aiden gave a sly smile. “Or we can just kill you and take what we want.”
Kai’las grinned devilishly, spreading his arms wide. “You are welcome to try.”
“Kai’las...” Xilton uttered as the six men began slowly approaching, all with devious grins plastered across their dirty faces.
“Fret not, Xilton.” The Fae calmly replied. “They cannot harm me.”
“I am not concerned for you, Kai’las.” She stated, receiving a raised brow with a sound of derision in return. “They are only human... mere thieves. They do not deserve to be slaughtered like cattle.”
Kai’las took a sharp breath, then glanced at the advancing men. He gave a soft wave of his hand inducing a stream of water to come up from the creek, rushing over and branching off, wrapping around each of the men’s legs. Ice instantly formed, freezing them in place. “Xilton...” He turned to the Monk. “I have felt their emotions. You have no idea what they have in mind for the three of you.”
Shadowhawk began cursing in elven as Makaelah stepped forward. “Release them, Kai’las.” The Seraph directed coldly as small flames sprouted in her eyes.
The Fae sighed, his eyes volleying between the three of them. “Very well.” With a wave of his hand, he did as he was instructed and released the human brigands of their bonds.
The men looked upon the immortals with faces of both suspicion and worry as the thin ice which layered them instantly melted. All of them started speaking with one another at once, their voices rushed and laced with fear. “What evil is upon us?” Aiden finally voiced, his teeth chattering from the freeze which had seeped its way into his bones.
“There is no evil here.” Makaelah stated, stretching out her wings to their full extent.
All six men took several steps back where Darius awaited them with both of his swords drawn. “We want no trouble.” One of the men stated, his hands raised.
“That was not what I heard.” Darius growled. His eyes surveyed his companions, coming to rest on the Fae. “Kai’las, what would you have me do?”
Kai’las peered at Xilton, who gave him a shake of her head. He sighed, then said, “Let them pass,” hearing Shadowhawk curse softly in elven, obviously none too pleased.
“Go then.” Darius addressed Aiden with his eyes narrowed in anger. “If we happen to meet any of you ever again, you will come to regret that encounter.” He waited as the men slowly departed, speaking amongst themselves, before returning his weapons to their sheaths.
Kai’las narrowed his eyes as he watched the group of outlaws slowly make their way back the direction they had come. He waved a hand and six small flaming bolts shot up from the fire, whirling out into the darkness. Within seconds, screaming and yelping erupted, followed by muffled voices. Kai’las looked at Xilton, who appeared in shock. “They will live.” He said, taking a seat on his bedroll. “Though their backsides may be a bit sore for some time.” As Kai’las leaned back he did not miss the small chuckle escape from Shadowhawk.

†

The next day, Makaelah stayed in the sky while the others trotted along for hours, taking them across acres of land. By midafternoon, Jovian Falls finally came into view far in the distance. Each of them halted, taking in the sight before them.
“Ah, Jovian Falls.” Kai’las said. “It has been too long since I have laid eyes upon it. Fifty years or so perhaps. I assume much as changed.”
Xilton laughed. “Most certainly. It is very refreshing with all the cascades surrounding it.” Her appearance took on a more serious look as she became thoughtful. “The Monastery is quite near Jovian Falls. It is strange to think I have almost come full circle since leaving for Pembrook weeks ago and I will still not be returning there.”
“When this is over, Xilton, I will walk you to the door myself.” Kai’las stated, earning a smile of gratitude from the Monk. “Now...let us go and see these cascades.”
“I care nothing of the cascades.” Shadowhawk grumbled, rubbing the back of her neck. “The only thing I will welcome is a decent meal.”
“I will agree with that. Also a decent night’s sleep.” Xilton said with a nod. “And a bath.”
“We cannot have either unless we get there.” Darius griped. “And we cannot get there unless we get moving. So, I suggest less talking.” He drew his mount forward, immediately starting off without them.
“I can see nothing will hinder his foul mood.” Xilton said, her eyes following him. She had grown accustomed to the Warrior being cold and distant at times but he had been more so just recently. “I wonder what is wrong with him.”
“He is a human and a male.” Shadowhawk answered unemotionally. “That is plenty to be wrong with a person.” Her eyes shot around as she trailed behind, still wary with the feeling of being watched.
“Captain Varen is not a cheerful person I have come to learn.” Makaelah added from behind where she landed, after having heard the conversation.
Kai’las sighed. “Yes. Darius obviously has issues of some sort he needs to tend to. So, I say let him go and tend to them. The day is too fair for us to worry over things which are meaningless.”
“You are right, Kai’las... meaningless.” Xilton expressed, then turned to address Makaelah. “Will you be going back up there?” She gestured at the sky. 
“Yes, in a moment.” The Celeyian replied, eyeing Xilton, who was biting her lower lip, deep in thought. “What is it you wish to ask me?”
“Is it that obvious?” She said with a laugh.
Makaelah smiled, then accepted Kai’las’ outstretched hand, his offer of sharing his mount while she spoke with the Monk. “Go on.” She said to Xilton.
“Well, please do not be offended by this, for I am extremely pleased you are traveling with us.” Xilton paused a moment as she collected her thoughts. “Why have the Gods included you on this quest when you are not of Rystarr? I can understand Kai’las’ presence here since the Plane of Faery is so close to the material plane. But…”
“The planes in the entire multiverse are connected, Xilton. Not just Faery or the Elemental planes. If Rystarr falls, then all the planes surrounding it are at risk and may cease to exist. Celeya, Valtheim, Ikarus… even the evil planes of Blarth and Faustus. Every one of them are at risk.”
“We considered ourselves lucky when the Bursting struck the last millennia.” Kai’las added grimly. “The damage could have been far worse than what it was. True, Rystarr lost thousands from the damage caused by but one single sunbolt. Imagine if this time around we fail again like the ones before us and do not locate the weapons in time. Perhaps this time two sunbolts will shoot forth from the Darksun. Or even five. We have no way of discerning what the outcome will be, just as we have no way of knowing how many sunbolts will strike.” 
“It worries me.” Xilton muttered, unconsciously rubbing her arms.
“It worries even me.” Kai’las agreed. “But that is why what we are doing is so important. We will see the Bursting does not occur this time around.”
“Who were they...the chosen ones of the last millennia?” Xilton asked, her brows furrowed.
Kai’las’ striking eyes met hers. “You have no knowledge of this?” He asked and she responded with a shake of her head. “Twelve humans of no Godly lineage. They had no special powers. No vigorous strength. No enchanted weapons. The only implements they did have were each other and their fighting skills. They were all incredibly seasoned warriors, though sadly, it was not enough.” His eyes drifted over the horizon. “Regrettably, the Gods did not have much to work with at the time, but they chose well the millennia before, which surprisingly were also mortals. That Bursting was halted.” 
“I suppose I still have a lot to learn.” Xilton quietly said.
“You are young still.” Makaelah smiled. “You cannot expect to learn everything there is to know in a short amount of time. It has taken me eons to learn all I have and there still is more for me to learn.” Xilton did not want to be rude and ask just how old Makaelah was. She knew from what she had read the Angels lived quite a long time, though no one knew exactly how long. 
Kai’las laughed. “You do not even need to speak for me to know what it is you are thinking, for it is written across your face. I am guessing Makaelah does not know her actual age.” He peered over his shoulder at the Seraph. “Am I correct?”
Makaelah smiled. “Yes, you are correct. Unlike humans, or most of the races of Rystarr, the Celeyians do not celebrate yearly name days. All I am aware of is that I have lived well over a millennia.”
“The Fae, however, do celebrate yearly name days.” Kai’las stated. “For the royal courts, the celebrations go on for days… unfortunately.”
“And what is your age, if I may ask?” The Monk spoke quietly.
“You may. I am two thousand, eight hundred and sixty-eight name days.”
“Incredible.” She said with a shake of her head. Xilton’s brows furrowed as a thought came to her. “Are you the oldest demigod?”
“I believe I am.” He grinned. “As far as I know, I should say.”
Xilton began asking Makaelah every question she could think of regarding Celeya, the two of them speaking for nearly an hour before the Monk finally quieted and drew her horse forward to trot alongside of Shadowhawk. Makaelah looked out and considered Darius, far in the distance. It had been many years since she had been in the presence of humans but never had she known one to treat her so cold and cruel. She could not help but wonder again what it was the Celeyians had done to him to cause such behavior. 
Kai’las caught Makaelah staring again at the Warrior with a frown set upon her face. Being a Fae, he was more perceptive than other races and the tension between the two of them was wearing on him. Something was amiss with Darius. “Take the reins. I will return shortly.” He said, then shifted out, only to reappear up ahead beside the Warrior.
Darius trotted at a good pace, having no idea Kai’las now glided along beside him. He found himself deep in thought, his mind wandering. Why did we not just wait for a boat? It probably would have saved us time, he thought, thinking back to the day they encountered Makaelah in the forest. He rubbed his eyes. “Perhaps all I need is a good night’s rest to clear my thoughts.” He muttered. Having been to Jovian Falls many times, Darius knew of a favorable Inn where they could take rest and since it was the first establishment of the sort you came by going through the River Gate, his companions would find it easy enough. And what concern was it to him if they did not, they would find him eventually. Strong ale was what he needed and perhaps a pretty female to keep him company. Darius nodded as if he had just come to an agreement with himself.
“Was it the battle you won...or the war?” Kai’las asked with a smirk, his presence startling the Warrior.
“Battle?” Darius brought his horse to a halt. “What war is that?”
“The one you were just having with yourself.” Kai’las grinned mischievously. “No need to answer. I have another question... why do you travel so fast? Are you in that much of a hurry?” 
“Yes…” He gave a shake of his head. “No… yes.” Darius growled low, hearing a small chuckle come from Kai’las. “Is this what you came to ask me?”
“Yes… no… yes.” He mocked playfully. “You have traveled twice the speed as we have, as you can see.” Kai’las gestured toward the others for him to have a look. “I am only curious to know why?”
Glancing behind, Darius was surprised to see his companions were indeed a couple hundred yards back. He brushed a hand through his dark hair. “What do you want from me?”
“What do I want from you?” The Fae’s jaw twitched from tension and the light flickered across his eyes. “I know why you keep your distance, though I do not understand it.” Kai’las looked at him from the corner of his eyes. “Am I not still your friend? Help me to understand.”
Darius scoffed irritably and motioned his mount forward again. “Is it so hard for you to believe that I just do not care for her?” He did not want to get into it, not here. Not now.
As he glided along beside him, Kai’las stared at him for several moments, his eyes fixed on him. “No. There is more to it than that. Something happened between you and the Celeyians.” He stated but the Warrior made no response to his comment. “The Celeyians were enemies of the Fae for a thousand years. If I can see past that then you can get past your troubles as well.”
“You and Xilton treat her as if she is a gift from the Gods.” Darius spurted angrily. “This shiny piece of the Celestial City. Bloody Faustus, I even see it in the Elf’s eyes at times. Forgive me if I do not share your enthusiasm. I know not what thoughts were going through Qadan’s mind when he created the Celeyians. I try not to spend too much time pondering things which mean little to me. She is one creature the multiverse could do without.”
Kai’las shifted directly in front of his horse, halting it, and stopping the Warrior from going any further. The look in the Fae’s eyes made Darius swallow hard while his mount let out a few snorts and nickers. Kai’las’ normally pale eyes were glowing a bright iridescent green. “If I thought for one instant you truly meant what you say or that you had any intention of causing Makaelah any kind of harm, I would have you beg me to end your existence.” Their eyes held a moment longer until the iridescence in Kai’las’ eyes faded, returning to their normal cloudy green color, his anger gone in an instant. “Alas, I think there is more to this.” He sighed, his words softening. “Although you have angered me so, I consider you a friend, Darius. If I am to be truthful, there are not many I can say the same about. So I beg you, whatever it is you have against Makaelah, or the Celeyians in general, speak it so we may work through it and get on together in peace.” Kai’las vanished, reappearing behind on top of his horse in the next instant.
Darius was left dumbfounded, his thoughts on what had just transpired. In all the tales he had read and everything he had heard of the Fae; it was known the Fae Prince was a powerful being. Of course not too long ago that was exactly what he thought they were, just mere tales, but now he knew better. From what Darius had just witnessed and the power he had felt emanating from Kai’las, he decided right then he would much rather have him as a friend than a foe. Plus, he had to admit, he liked Kai’las. Darius shook his head to clear it. A month ago, if anyone had told him he would soon be traveling with a Fae Prince, a Celeyian, an ill-tempered Elf and a naive Monk, he would have laughed and said they were brainsick. And now all he could do was bite his tongue and pray to the Gods this quest did not take a millennia to complete. Darius growled low in the back of his throat and did the only thing he could do... continued on to Jovian Falls while picking up his pace even more so.
CHAPTER
8

From the outside, the library appeared to be several stories tall and rectangular in shape. Forming a small courtyard, a fence ran in the shape of a semi-circle in front of the large doors to the structure. The immortals passed through the gates of the courtyard, approaching with some trepidation when they heard the flutter of wings pass overhead. They immediately looked up and scanned the sky, seeing nothing but a few white clouds.
“Those wings sounded too large for a common bird.” Valen said with a frown.
Airrak rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “Agreed. Though whatever it was appears to be gone.”
“Well, shall we knock?” Tarakis asked, drawing their attention back to the door. “Or just go on in?” The others peered at the Rogue, then at each other, none of them appearing to want to be the first to enter.
“Oh, for the love of the Gods!” Valen said, stepping forward. “I will do it.” He moved to open the right-hand door when it suddenly swung inward, taking the companions by surprise.
“Now that is service.” Tarakis voiced after quickly composing himself.
“It appears we are expected.” Airrak whispered.
The five of them stood for a few moments, staring through the open door where only darkness could be seen within.
“That is very odd. I see nothing in there. It is completely black.” Sir Tavannos said, echoing the others thoughts.
Valen shook off the oddness of the situation as though suffering from cold. “There is no point in talking about it any longer.” He paused for a moment, glancing at the others. “If we are expected, then we may as well go in.”
“I agree, let us enter.” It was Szarzekk’s hollow sounding voice which answered first as he moved through the doorway. The others watched him disappear into the darkness beyond before following behind him.
Tarakis hesitated briefly. “This should prove interesting.” He mumbled to himself, then walked through the doorway.

‡

A lithe figure stepped from the shadows draped in black. Alenia Soulreaper’s dark eyes narrowed as she watched the immortals from her position at the top level of The Black Dog Inn. As she watched them disappear through the doorway, she pondered her orders which were to simply watch the group and report back their intentions to the Darkman.
The very thought of this filled her with rage. Why should I, chief servant of Grorrus Doomhammer, have to report to that sniveling worm? She thought to herself. A frown deepening her features. She answered to no one but her master. She would take care of the filth herself. The Darkman be damned. A sudden thought made her smile. No. She would enter the place herself, find whatever information these fools uncovered and beat them to the prize. She thrummed a gloved hand atop the window sill impatiently as loud movement erupted downstairs, the sound a shrill in her ears. She hissed angrily and resumed her watch, waiting for the vermin to reappear.

‡

Sir Tavannos coughed, his hand waving in front of him. “What is that smell?”
“That is the smell of old books and tomes.” Replied Airrak, adding, “You would know it as mildew.” The Mage spoke a soft word of magic, the tip of his staff lighting up in a glowing white light.
As the room lit up, the others scanned around to get their bearings. They had entered a rectangular shaped room and a brief glance behind showed the closed double doors they had stepped through. It was filled with dark wooden bookshelves with several sets of tables and chairs. Thirty paces away stood a door, immediately across from them. Unlit torches in wall sconces were spaced at regular intervals along the wall. They were all silent for several minutes as they took in their new surroundings. 
“Well, it appears as if our path is chosen for us.” Tarakis said, breaking the silence while motioning to the only other door in the room. His gaze fell to the floor around them. “However, I am a little concerned about the small holes in the floor.” His eyes drifted further into the room, narrowing on the line of webbing crisscrossing the entire surface.
Airrak peered at the floor, then at the Rogue. “A trap?”
“Most certainly.” Tarakis said matter-of-factly.
Sir Tavannos shifted his stance. “I thought we were expected.”
“Yes, well, no guards, no locked door, whoever is in charge here is obviously not foolish.” Valen stated.
“Give me a moment of peace and quiet.” Tarakis voiced, raising his hands. “I will see what I can do. We all have our skills and mine are not limited to arranging transportation.” He immediately went to work, finding a way to disarm the trap. The others backed off, giving him room to work for the most part, but also in case he inadvertently tripped it. Tarakis considered the trap for several long moments, first examining the holes, then the webbing around it. Nothing unusual about that, he thought to himself. His companions watched for several long minutes, though he did not appear to be doing anything.
Valen could take it no longer, his irritability growing. “Well? Do you see how to disarm it or not?”
Tarakis, obviously bothered by the interruption, ignored him, and kept going about his search. Several more minutes passed before he finally straightened, taking a deep breath. “I see you!” He said loud enough to startle the others.
“You see who? I see no one.” Airrak asked, his eyes darting around. He glanced at Tavannos, who shook his head.
Exasperated, Tarakis slowly turned to the others with an obviously scornful look on his face. “I see how to disarm the trap!”
Realizing the notion of his words, Airrak and Tavannos appeared rather embarrassed while Valen glared at the Rogue impatiently. “If you know how to disarm it, then get on with it. We are wasting time.”
Tarakis gave him a venomous glance. “I said that I see the way to disarm it.” He paused for a moment. “But unless you have a way of getting over the maze of webbing to the door without setting off whatever it does, then we cannot get to it.”
The others looked at him quizzically. “Speak clearly Rogue.” Sir Tavannos said. “What are you talking about?”
Tarakis’ red eyes crinkled as he smiled at the Knight through his mask. Tavannos grunted impatiently and Tarakis, who was definitely enjoying the situation, said, “On the right-hand side of the door, about two feet up from the floor, there is a lever. It is built so as to appear like part of the door frame, but it is most definitely there.”
Tavannos, Valen and Szarzekk all stared, gazing intensely for several moments when the Undead Warrior acknowledged that he did indeed see it. Airrak, who had focused the light from his staff in the intended direction, thought that perhaps he could see what Tarakis was referring to. He continued to consider it for a few moments, finally becoming certain he could make it out. 
“Well, it is good fortune you have a Mage with you.” Airrak proceeded to point his right hand at the lever, speaking his words of magic, “Sorzak, Akasha, Voil!” He could feel the power will up inside him, the Mage slowly feeling as though the lever were in his own hand. His companions watched curiously as he pointed at the lever, then Airrak started to pull his hand back slowly.
“Look!” Exclaimed Sir Tavannos. “The lever moves.” The others stared in wonder, for the lever was definitely moving, slowly at first, but then more steadily until finally it stopped with a loud click and a mechanical ‘clunk’ went off throughout the room. Satisfied with his efforts, the Mage ceased his spell, his shoulders sagging slightly. The Knight reached over, patting his comrade on the shoulder. “Well done, my old friend. That never ceases to amaze me.” Airrak gave an appreciative nod. 
Even Tarakis had to agree it was good to have a worker of magic around, though he would never admit it openly of course. “It should be safe to cross now. Any volunteers to go first?”
Valen regarded him with obvious disdain. “Move aside Rogue. Let me show you what true bravery is.”
Tarakis moved to one side, out of his way. “I have seen bravery, plenty of times. Usually it is something I equate with stupidity.” Valen shot him a vicious glance, but Tarakis just went on. “But then, maybe in your case I will make an exception.”
“Can we just get on with it?” Szarzekk said unexpectedly, his helmed head volleying between Valen and Tarakis. “Unless the two of you have forgotten we are under a bit of a time constraint and we have already spent enough time in this dank space.”
“Yes, I think the rest of us would be most grateful if you two would relent some so we can get through this quest successfully.” Sir Tavannos chimed in.
Valen appeared irritated by the rebuke but said nothing and instead gave Tavannos a slight nod. Tarakis however, could not resist, going down into a flourishing bow before the Knight. “As you wish, my Lord.” He said, mockingly, his red eyes continuing to bore into Sir Tavannos. 
The Knight was certain he was sensing genuine hate from him. He turned away, shaking his head in disgust.
“Very well, let us see what is beyond the next door.” Airrak said, breaking the awkward exchange.
Valen continued to regard Tavannos and Tarakis for another short moment, then crossed the floor as he made his way to the inner door. Nothing occurred as he did so, for obviously the trap had been disarmed. He reached for the door handle, turning it slightly. “The door is unlocked. Are we ready?” Valen glanced at his companions, seeing them nod in return. 
They had no idea what to expect but seeing as they already had to deal with one trap, they all prepared themselves to deal with any threat which might present itself.
Sir Tavannos went to address the Mage, noticing that he no longer stood beside him. He turned, scanning the room. “Airrak, my friend, we are ready to go.”
“Yes, yes, I am coming.” The Mage said from around the corner of the bookshelf. He appeared, rushing over while adjusting his satchel over his shoulder.
“What were you doing?” The Knight asked with a frown.
Airrak smiled. He knew his old friend would think of it as stealing and after all, he was only borrowing the two books he had slipped into his satchel. Airrak had every intention of returning them… one day. “Nothing to concern yourself with. Now, shall we go.”
Valen proceeded to open the door and immediately they were flooded by bright light coming through the doorway. After entering from the darkened room, they were not expecting such a shock to their eyes. It took them a moment to adjust to the light.
“The room appears the same as the first.” Szarzekk spoke up right away, his eyes working differently than his companions, allowing him to see in both darkness and light, as though it were dusk.
Once the others were able to see clearly, they could tell that it did indeed appear very much like the first room, shaped the same, though perhaps a bit bigger. The wooden bookshelves were lined with countless numbers of books and tomes and several tables and chairs scattered throughout. What caught the parties attention was the fact that this new room was spotlessly clean with not a speck of dust to be seen. Airrak, realizing his magical light was no longer needed, spoke a soft word of magic, the staff going instantly dark.
“Well do not just stand there gawking, come in, come in.” Said a rather high pitched, squeaky voice. The companions, startled by the voice coming from inside the room, scanned around to try and discern its source. Sitting at one of the tables, with his face buried in an oversized book, was a small figure which appeared to be about three feet tall, when standing. He was dressed in blue robes and wearing a blue pointed hat that rose above the top of the book he held in front of his face. The demigods regarded the figure before glancing at one another, for they were all certain he had not been there a moment before. They continued lingering in the doorway and sensing they were a touch apprehensive, the little being closed his book, fully revealing his face.
“He is a gnome.” Airrak said, easing up some on his posture.
Seeing that the Mage had relaxed somewhat, the others did the same. Valen remained tense. “Alright, so he is a gnome. I have had some bad experiences with gnomes in the past.” He grumbled.
“Please, do come in. We have much to discuss.” The Gnome said again, pushing his round eyeglasses further atop his large bulbous nose. He wore a broad smile which seemed to put the companions more at ease, Valen even relaxing slightly.
“Let us go in. I do not know why but I feel there is no danger here.” Sir Tavannos said, making his way into the room. The others followed his lead with Valen bringing up the rear.
After they had all entered, the door swung closed on its own, the sound of it causing the half-Gods to turn and cast a glance behind with a touch of concern.
“Well, we are stuck here now.” Valen growled.
“Good grief! There is nothing to be alarmed about.” The Gnome stated, seeing their concern. “I certainly mean you no harm. In fact, just the opposite, I am here to help you.”
Valen did not appear quite ready to put all his caution aside, deciding to push the Gnome to be certain of his intentions. “If you mean us no harm, then perhaps you would not mind explaining that little trap laid out for us in the last room.”
The others eyed him, Tavannos and Airrak disapprovingly, while Szarzekk and Tarakis both nodded their agreements. In fact, the Rogue could not help but add, “Yes, it seems an odd way to welcome those you mean to help.”
“Oh, dear, apologies. That was not meant for you but as a discouragement for those who are unwelcome.”
Confusion spread across their faces while Airrak took a step closer. “Excuse me, but exactly how does a trap discern between those which are welcome and those who are not?”
The Gnome’s smile grew, creasing his large eyes. “Of course the trap does not discern anything. It is just a mechanical contraption. I did the discerning.” The half-Gods appeared to be even more confused by this statement and seeing this, the Gnome went on with his exclamation. “You see, I know each one of you. What your talents and abilities are, even your past exploits. I knew before you even entered my structure it would be little inconvenience for you to get by that little device.”
Startled by this news, the companions appeared to shift uncomfortably. “What do you mean you know us?” Valen asked, drawing the words out slowly.
“How can you possibly know who we are?” Asked Sir Tavannos.
 “No way! Impossible.” Tarakis stated, their questions and statements rambled off at the same time.
 “My friends, please.” The Gnome said in a rather impressive commanding voice for his size, silencing them. “Surely you were told about me.” He paused for a moment, his eyes volleying between the five of them. “You obviously are aware you have entered the Library of the Seekers, I am the Librarian Raith.” He regarded each of them. “You are Airrak, Sir Tavannos, Valen Halen, Szarzekk of Under City and Tarakis.”
Hearing him address himself as the Librarian, the immortals seem to relax once more. “You are the one we are to meet?” Airrak asked.
Raith nodded. “Yes, I am he.”
Airrak gave a slight smile. “Please forgive our caution, but we were under the impression you would be…”
“Taller?” Raith interjected helpfully.
“I was going to say someone else.” The Mage said, a touch embarrassed.
Raith let out a laugh. “No worries, my friend. Please, come and sit and be comfortable. We have much to discuss.”
The group followed the Gnome’s lead, taking seats around the largest table in the center of the room as Raith moved to join them, climbing atop a few books which were stacked on a chair. He wiggled in his seat, getting comfortable, the excited smile never leaving his face.
Raith motioned at an empty table in front of them. “Please, refresh yourselves with food and drink while we speak.” The companions regarded the table with confusion, seeing no food or drink to be had.
“Uh, excuse me Master Raith, but… what food and drink?” Tarakis asked, a humorous sparkle in his eyes.
“Oh, dear me! If my head were not attached I would surely lose it.” Raith then clapped his hands three times and seemingly, out of nowhere, platters full of elaborate food types and goblets of drinks appeared in the air, floating down to the table. A various assortment of breads, cheeses, fruits, and vegetables were laid out for consuming, the goblets containing an emerald colored liquid. “Now then…” The Librarian said, gesturing once again. “Please enjoy yourselves and we will get started.”
Slowly and with some caution, the demigods began to partake in the food, joining Tarakis who had instantly and with any heed whatsoever began to gorge himself. Seeing this, the others stared at him with some amusement. The Rogue, noticing his companions all watched him, stopped, his mouth half-full. “What? I am famished.”
Raith let out a loud laugh as they all began to eat, while Szarzekk, who took neither food nor drink, sat quietly off to the side.
Airrak picked up one of the goblets, smelling the liquid within. The fruity smell it gave off was very enticing. He took a small sip, tasting it, then proceeded to drain the cup. “I do not believe I have tasted its type before. It is most satisfying.”
“Yes.” Raith replied. “It is elven wine from Krystandon.” The Gnome glanced around, noticing now that the demigods appeared more relaxed as they partook in the food and drink. “Now, to business.”
Valen looked up from his food. “What can you tell us of our quest?”
Hearing the Warrior ask the first question, the others began rattling off questions of their own. “And what of these weapons?” Tavannos asked.
“Will there be others joining this quest?” Airrak added.
“Please, please.” Raith replied, waving his hands. “I am certain you all have a hundred like questions, but if you bear with me I promise all will be made clear.” They relented and waited for Raith to continue. The Gnome took a deep breath and continued. “I suppose the first question I should answer is, how do I know you? The fact is, I have been watching you, all of you since the beginning of your time on Rystarr.”
The companions eyed one another back and forth, clearly confused. “But how is that possible?” Airrak asked.
“Oh, I have my ways. And it is one of my duties.”
“What is?” Sir Tavannos asked.
“Recording the lives of certain special individuals.” While the Gnome spoke, he motioned toward all the books lining the shelves in the room. “It is all right there, recorded for posteriors sake in these volumes.”
“You mean everything we have ever done is recorded, by you, in these books?” Airrak responded, clearly amazed.
“Well, not precisely everything.” Raith said, rather sheepishly. “But everything which was important.” He waved his hands in the air. “But we are getting off point. Suffice it to say that I do know each of you, as well as the others. Which leads us to the next question. Yes, there are others like you. I am not certain of the exact number, although, there are only a few others on the same quest as you. They passed through this way not long ago and were given the same information I am giving you now.”
“What can you tell us of them?” Valen asked.
Tarakis stuffed a cube of cheese in his mouth. “Yes, who are they and why are they working separately from us?”
“To answer your first question, they are Darius Varen, a human warrior, Shadowhawk, an elven Ranger, Xilton Taregan, a Monk of Saint Chandler’s Monastery, Kai’las, who is a ...” The Gnome paused in thought. “I will just say he is a different sort of character and we will leave it at that. They also will be meeting one other along their way.”
“Are we to join with these others to complete this quest?” Airrak asked.
The rest of them considered the Gnome questioningly as the prospect of teaming up with other persons which none of them knew anything about began to sink in. Raith, as if he were reading their minds, simply responded, “All I can tell you is that it is going to take all of your combined might and brains to complete your task.” He scratched his brown beard, shifting nervously on his stack of books. “You are going to have to make the best of it and overcome whatever personality differences you may have with one another. Our very multiverse hangs in the balance and we are all, every living being on Rystarr, is depending on the ten of you.” The Librarian appeared truly disturbed. Gone was his jovial smile.
They all wore different expressions of surprise at his statement. Valen took a drink of ale, regaining his composure. “Very well Master Raith, let us forget about the details of the other group for now. Tell us exactly what it is which is expected of us.”
The others voiced their agreement to this and seeing they were all settling down to hear his tale, Raith shrugged, then began. “Loremaster Ravison had already mentioned to you about the Bursting and the three holy weapons. You know this much already. But what you do not know and must be told is that if you do not succeed in regaining the weapons, returning them to the Greaters, our world and quite possibly, the multiverse, will end.” Seeing a few of them were getting ready to start asking more questions, the Librarian continued speaking. “Suffice it to say the Darksun will unleash its sunbolts upon the world.”
“I had assumed our quest was an important one.” Sir Tavannos said as he came to his feet. “But never did I think such a task would be entrusted to the likes of us.” He received an angry glare from Valen and even Szarzekk appeared to be a bit put out by his statement. Seeing his companions reactions, the Knight was quick to add, “I only mean to say… you have to admit, the lot of us can barely tolerate each other. How are we to be expected to complete a quest such as this working with five others we know nothing about? It is impossible.” Tavannos angrily shoved his chair back from the table and turned around, stepping aside to face the wall. 
“He is right.” Tarakis said. “I do not see how we can do this.”
Raith sensed their uncertainty was beginning to grow. “I do not begin to say your task will be easy. In fact, it is going to be extremely difficult, but each of you, as well as the other five, have the ability within yourselves to accomplish it. You all have the blood of a God running through your veins. You are just beginning to understand what that means and what it will do for you.” He sat back in his chair for a moment, appearing pensive. Then finally, he went on. “These things you must do and do quickly, for as surely as you were selected for this task, you can be just as certain there are those, like you, which have been chosen by the forces of woe to stop you. Perhaps to even retrieve the weapons before you.” He let his words sink in for a few moment while Sir Tavannos returned to his seat.
 “But of course they do not have the information which I am about to give you. Nor will they ever. This much is certain.” Master Raith opened his journal. “Now, sit back and listen closely.” He flipped through a few pages until he found exactly what he was searching for. Here we go again, he thought, clearing his throat. “The Javelin of Ragnar. Carved from wood of the Tree of Power while the five-pointed star at its tip was fashioned from the Darksun.” The Gnome stopped and lifted his head from his journal. “Have any of you ever heard mention of the Moving Island of Aradeen?”
“Yes.” Valen spoke up. “It appears in the Ellarian Sea. What does it have to do with the weapon?” He leaned forward. “Are you saying the island is where this Javelin is?”
“That is what history states.”
Valen leaned back in his chair once again, rubbing his eyes. “It is a big island.”
“Yes, and you are all big half-Gods.” He glanced at the Rogue. “Well, most of you are big anyways. My point is, you are powerful and…” He shrugged a shoulder. “Wise? You have been chosen for this. My details may be vague but I am giving you all which I have.”
Tarakis eyed him questioningly. “Just the way you speak is vague at times. I have to admit, I have a difficult time understanding you.”
The Gnome chuckled. “Apologies, I will try to do better. Now, shall we move this along? I am certain if you have questions, you will speak up.” When they all gave a nod, the Librarian flipped through a few more pages in his journal. “The Arbalest of Gamaliel.”
“Let me guess.” Tarakis said, leaning closer. “This one is hidden on one of the Floating Islands.”
The Gnome laughed loudly, taking the companions by surprise. “Oh, Tarakis, you are quite entertaining.”
“It warms my heart you think so, but I was being serious.”
“Oh.” Raith adjusted his robes and pushed his glasses up his nose. “Well then, to answer your question, no. It lies in the Caves of Jaeron.”
“The Caves of Jaeron?” Sir Tavannos asked curiously. “Never heard mention of them.”
“Yes, and apologies good sir, but the only information I have on a location is the Plains of Aras.” The Gnome gave a grim smile. “I suppose since you have never heard of the caves I should mention the water.”
“The water?” Szarzekk’s deep voice replied.
The Librarian shifted nervously on his books. “Yes, it is said the caves fill with water once a day and at no set time.”
“Ah, I can see how this could be an inconvenience.” Airrak replied, rubbing his chin.
Tarakis eyed him from the side. “You think?”
“We would have to be hasty about it.” Sir Tavannos remarked, then turned back to the Gnome. “How deep are these caves?”
He shook his head. “I have not the faintest idea.”
“Terrific.” The Rogue mumbled as he sat back and folded his arms.
“Now, the Arbalest is said to be four feet in total length, the stock made of wood from the Tree of Power and the metal bow and triggering shaft fashioned from a piece of the Darksun.” The Librarian motioned at the page in his journal. “The Arbalest produced bolts on its own and was always ready to fire. The bolts it released were harnessed energy from the power of all knowledge in the multiverse.”
“Where can I get a weapon like that?” Tarakis mumbled to himself. He leaned forward, looking at the sketching and scratched his head. “It looks like a crossbow.”
“You are perceptive, Rogue.” Valen mumbled.
The Gnome pushed his glasses up. “Any questions thus far?” He asked, though surprisingly, received no reply. He nodded, returning to his book. “Let us continue. The third weapon is the Sceptre of Maalik.” He eyed Tarakis. “Would you like to take a guess where this one is located?”
“Hmm… the fiery pits of Blarth?” He said with a shrug.
“Close.” Raith replied, seeing the Rogue’s eyes widen. He laughed. “I am only speaking in jest. The Sceptre lies in the catacombs beneath the Twisted Tower of Makani.”
Tarakis scoffed. “Of course it does, wherever that is.”
“I am curious.” Airrak said, leaning his elbows on the table. “What is the length of the Sceptre?”
The Gnome glanced down, consulting his journal. “Three and a half feet in total length. Constructed of metal from the cornerstone of the Circle of Eternity.” He read on. “At the tip is a demonic skull, which is Maalik’s symbol.”
“Wait.” Tarakis said with a frown and drew his next words out slowly. “The cornerstone of the Circle of Eternity? How is that even possible? It is a circle!”
“Yes.” Master Raith removed his eyeglasses and began cleaning them with a corner of his robes. “A very powerful, magical circle created by Qadan, the God of Gods. Who are we to question anything created by The One?”
Tarakis raised his hand. “Well… me.”
“Do you have any knowledge of the Twisted Tower?” Airrak asked, attempting to get back on track.
“I do not, Airrak. I am sorry.” Raith took a drink from his wine goblet. “Retrieve all three of the weapons and bring them to the Circle of Eternity. That is your quest, with no more than a year to complete it I would say.”
“How is it possible for us to reach the Circle?” Sir Tavannos asked. “Ravison is the one who brought us there before. Will he do this again?”
The Gnome shook his head. “The First Loremaster will not be there to transport you. As I told the others before you, there is a portal at Crystal Lake which leads to the Circle of Eternity. Trust my words, you will be able to see it.”
Sir Tavannos blew out a breath. “Very well.”
“Is this everything?” Valen grumbled.
“No, not everything.” The Gnome nervously replied. “You may recall I mentioned before of others like you which have been chosen by the forces of darkness to stop you.” He stopped and considered each of the half-Gods, seeing them nod. “I speak of Arrôz, the God of Evil and his countless number of followers.”
“Arrôz wants the weapons as well.” Valen muttered, scrubbing a hand down his face.
“That he does. Be extra vigilant, for the God of Evil has never stopped in his search for the weapons.”
“Arrôz will not get his hands on them.” Szarzekk stated fiercely.
Raith nodded and gave a smile. “Yes, faith. That is what you have. And it is also what the Gods have in all of you.”
They sat in silence for quite some time, each contemplating all they had been told. Airrak finally sighed and came to his feet. “Well, I suppose we should get on with this, for the day shortens the longer we stay.”
Seeing the demigods appeared anxious to get underway, Master Raith had one final bit of advice to give them. “Remember this each of you, you must work together. You must learn to rely on each other and one another’s abilities and that goes for the other five as well. You must learn to work with them. I do not see your path and theirs as always running the same but it will take the combined efforts of all of you to succeed.” Again, he let the information sink in for a moment before continuing. “With this last bit I will bid you all farewell, good luck and the Gods speed. Remember, the entire multiverse is counting on you.”
“No pressure or anything.” Tarakis uttered sarcastically as he stepped out the door.
“My advice… seek the Arbalest first.” Raith’s voice trailed off as he closed the door behind them.
As they were leaving, each were lost in his own thoughts about the implications of all they had learned. Tarakis felt desperation begin to set in and he was not quite sure if the newly acquired contents in his stomach would remain there as he turned to leave. 

‡

From her vantage point at the Black Dog Inn, Alenia Soulreaper watched as the group of five exited the structure across the street. They seemed to pause there for a while as if trying to determine their next course. After a few minutes, they departed towards the waterfront while she instructed one of her lackeys to follow them. “Now, we will learn what they know.” She said to herself as she headed toward the library.
The streets were semi-busy for the time of day which it was, but nobody seemed at all curious as she made her way to the big double doors leading into the building. Although try as she might, Alenia could not get them to open for her, the doors not budging at all when she tried forcing them and no one responded to her urgent pounding on the door. “SHELZNUCK!” She shouted a curse in an unknown language, the men with her reflexively shrank back.
It took a moment but Alenia regained her composure. “Very well, we do this the other way. We will follow them and take the information from them.”
“But my lady.” Said one of the other black cloaked figures. “That is not our direction. We are only supposed to follow…” A dagger to his chest cut him off abruptly.
Retrieving her dagger from the man’s chest, Alenia looked at her other companions. “Anyone else want to question me of our orders?” The other three men each took a step back and bowed their heads. “Good. Then prepare. We depart to follow them immediately.”

‡

After exiting the Library, the half-Gods spent the next hour at the waterfront trying to secure passage back south. They were having little luck until they finally found Captain Altorak of the Charybdis, the very boat they had traveled north on. They were able to arrange transport as far as Jovian Falls, though regrettably, the Charybdis would not be sailing for two days. So, the immortals headed back into the heart of Janardan, searching for a suitable Inn to rent out for the next two nights. They slipped into the closest one, a wooden shingle hanging out front showing that of a large black dog.
“We are in need of lodging for two nights.” Valen said to the Barkeep, then added, “Also five ales.” He turned and eyed Szarzekk. “Make that four.”
The Barkeep nodded his head in acknowledgement. “I have two open rooms. For those and the ales it will be four gold and five commons.”
Valen gave him a questioning look. Four gold seemed a little excessive for such a dive but, grudgingly, he handed over the coins as he gestured to a table. “We will be at that table right over there.”
The half-Gods took a seat around the table as a Barmaid brought them their ales. “So, two nights stuck in this place.” Tarakis said. “Sounds exciting.”
Valen scowled. “We just need to keep somewhat of a low profile while we are here.”
“What makes you say that?” Asked Tarakis.
Before Valen could respond Airrak spoke up. “Think about it for a moment.” Tarakis looked at him questioningly as if he did not understand. “With everything we were told a short while ago.” The Mage explained. “We know now we are not the only one’s pursuing this quest.”
Tarakis thought for a moment. “Of course not. We already know there is another group like us that has been set on the same task. But I hardly think we need fear them.”
Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos stared at the Rogue in amazement, while Airrak shook his head. “I am not referring to our future allies.” He paused for a moment to let that sink in, then continued, “I am speaking of… the others who may find these... ‘things’ useful, to whatever their cause may be.”
“Not only that.” Valen added, speaking low. “We also need to be discreet so as to not announce our presence or intentions to those who may just be searching for opportunities.”
Tarakis took a drink of his ale. “I know all that, I was just testing you all.” He laughed quietly, appearing to be exceedingly pleased with himself.
His companions shook their heads and went back to their ales. They sat there in silence for a short while until Valen spoke up again. “We should stock up on supplies while we are here.”
“Indeed.” Agreed Szarzekk.
“I will have to leave that to you, my friends.” Airrak said. “I need to retire to our room to study my spellbook.”
“I can do it.” Tarakis stated. “It is boring sitting around here anyways. Just tell me what we need.”
“Well, we need food and drink for, most likely, about three days.” Tavannos replied. “We can stock up again in Jovian Falls before we head south from there.”
Tarakis nodded his understanding and started to rise. “But remember, Rogue...” Valen chimed in. “Remember what we said about keeping a low profile.”
“Yeah, yeah. I got it.” He waved his hand dismissingly, turning to leave.
“Which means you need to refrain from conducting any, personal business while you are out there.” Added Sir Tavannos as Tarakis headed for the door.
The Rogue shook his head as he went, however, he could not help muttering to himself, “What you fools do not know will not hurt you.”

†

Alenia Soulreaper sat with two of her followers at a table across the room, observing the five. The Inn had become more crowded and loud since they had first arrived so it was impossible to hear what they were speaking of. However, they did watch as one of the party, the Rogue, abruptly left the others, exiting the Inn.
Alenia stood up. “We follow him. Now is our chance.”
The two men exchanged alarming looks but neither seemed anxious to offer any personal opinions regarding their mission, both reluctantly moving to follow her.
Exiting the Inn, the streets were not too crowded, so Alenia had no trouble spotting the Rogue. He headed straight down the street north of the Inn, seemingly unaware that he was being followed.
“You!” She said, pointing her dagger at one of her followers, who turned instantly pale. “You cross the street and follow him from that side.” The man nodded and could not move fast enough to obey. “And be cautious.” She added. “We do not want to give away our presence until I order it.”
“Yes mistress.” The man replied. “I understand.”
Alenia continued to stare at the man for a moment as he hurried across the street. She gave a look over her shoulder at her other follower. “We follow on this side of the street.” As they started to move off, she quickly turned around, pointing her dagger at the other man while clenching her teeth. “Stay behind me and keep quiet!”
The man completely understood the underlying threat in the order. “Yes mistress.”
Tarakis took off down the street north of the Inn towards the merchant’s section of town. It should not be too difficult to find a suitable merchant in a town this size, he thought to himself. However, as he continued his search he could not help but watch the other people passing by him. He found himself going through his mental checklist, appraising the locals as well as the size of their pockets.
“Hmm.” Tarakis whispered as he spotted a likely, lucrative target. He started to go through his preparations for targeting the man when he abruptly stopped and said to himself, “No! I cannot do it. Not now.” He paused for a moment and then said, “Damn it all!” He shook his head, focusing back to searching for a merchant.
Alenia Soulreaper watched her mark go into one of the local shops. She decided to change her strategy. Since it was the Rogue who she chose to target and knowing something of his reputation in Jovian Falls, she decided to approach him, counting on him to not completely trust those he traveled with. Perhaps she could try and persuade him to their cause.
She signaled over her man across the street. “You. Take up position on the other side of the door and wait for my signal before doing anything.” The man hurried to obey. Alenia then turned to her other follower standing behind her. “And you, just stand behind me and wait for my command.” She moved to take up position to the left of the door of the merchant’s shop, awaiting the Rogue to emerge.
After a short wait the Rogue came out of the shop, carrying his purchases. However, as Alenia moved to approach him she was absolutely caught by surprise when the Rogue spun around to face her.
Tarakis released the sacks in his arms as his hand instinctively went to his weapons, though he did not draw them... yet. “Who are you and why are you and these two flunkies following me?” He asked in a menacing voice, staring her in the eyes.
Although she was temporarily caught off guard, Alenia recovered her composure quickly and returned his stare. “Who I am is really not important, at least for now, but who I represent is.” She paused for a moment, eyeing him coolly. “Let me just say I know who you are and what you and those you travel with are pursuing.” The Rogue only continued to stare at her, but his curiosity was piqued. Taking his silence as a sign that she should go on, Alenia continued. “First, let me say I know something of you, Tarakis of Jovian Falls.” She stopped again for a minute to see if he reacted at all, but he only stood and continued to peer at her with his hands hovering over his weapons. “You have built yourself quite the reputation in the city and no offense, but you do not seem to fit in very well with those you travel with.”
Tarakis was quickly losing his patience, though he did his best not to show it. He knew what this person said was basically true and yes, he knew he had a somewhat nefarious reputation, but what was she getting at?
“And I am sure you must realize there are other parties interested in the same thing which you and the others are after.”
Of course, he knew others were also after the weapons, such an ultimate prize was sure to attract all kinds, but for what purpose and to what end? And, yes, he had little in common with any of them, but he was beginning to actually admire them, most of them anyways.
While Tarakis was thinking to himself, Alenia went on to speak. “The one I represent is willing to make you a very lucrative offer which would make you very, very wealthy. In fact, you would never need to worry about wealth again.”
Finally, Tarakis decided to respond, moving his hands from his weapons to his hips. “What exactly is it you are asking of me?”
She cocked her head as if considering her answer. “It is really very simple.” She paused a moment. “Just tell me where you are going and where the prize is located.”
“Oh, that is it? Just tell you where I am going and where the prize is located?”
Alenia nodded. “Yes, that is it.”
“Hmm... let me think.” He said, trying to stall as he bent down to make it appear as though he were checking his boot laces. “Sounds simple.” In a flash Tarakis pulled the dagger out of his boot sheath and flung it into the arm of Alenia’s man that was off to his right. Within another moment his magical short sword and dagger were drawn and pointed menacingly at Alenia. “Regretfully, I am going to have to decline your offer, whoever you are.” The deadly look in his eyes said all which needed to be said.
Alenia, although caught by surprise by the speed of Tarakis’ movements, composed herself enough to stop her other follower from making any move against the Rogue. “Help him.” She said to the man while pointing at the one wounded, then turned her attention back to Tarakis. “You are making a grave mistake. One you will come to regret; I can assure you of that.”
“I am so scared.” Tarakis mocked, backing away slowly. “Oh, and you can keep the dagger. I have plenty.” He bent to retrieve his purchases.
Alenia continued to eye Tarakis as he backed away from her, appearing to disappear into the shadows. “Oh, I promise you, Rogue, you will live to regret this.” She muttered, then turned to her two followers. “We will continue to follow them.”
Tarakis quickly arrived back at the Inn and seeing that Valen and Szarzekk were still sitting at the table, went over to join them. He decided he would keep the encounter with the woman to himself for now, unless she forced the issue.
Valen eyed him as he approached. “Any trouble getting what we need?”
“No problem at all.” Tarakis said, setting a satchel bag on the table.
“That is good.” Szarzekk replied. “Now we just need to bide our time until our boat leaves.”
Valen nodded his agreement. “Let us hope it is an uneventful wait.”
“Yes, let us hope.” Tarakis said, then he added with a grin, “How about an ale?”
CHAPTER
9

For the sake of keeping a low profile, the half-Gods had decided to spend the two days in the safety of the Inn. By the time it passed they were all pacing the floors, nearly going out of their minds with boredom. They rose early on the second morning to ensure they did not miss their boat. After eating a quick breakfast consisting of oat cake, smoked cheese, and hot tea to wash it down, the companions gathered their gear, strapped on their weapons, and headed for the dock. When the demigods arrived, they found the crew of the Charybdis in full preparation for an early departure.
“There is the Captain.” Tarakis said, pointing at the man standing nearby on the dock. Captain Altorak spoke with one of the boats crewmen while reviewing parchments. He spotted the companions and, finishing up his business with the man, headed over to where they stood waiting.
Being a man of few words, the Captain simply nodded and said, “Better get on board, we are about ready to shove off.”
“Well, greetings to you too, Captain.” Tarakis voiced, with forced excitement. “We are ready to go.”
Peering around, Sir Tavannos noticed the two newly mounted ballistae, one on the bow and the other on the aft. “Are you expecting trouble on this trip, Captain?” He asked, gesturing at the newly installed weapons. 
The Captain gave the weapons a brief glance. “There is a possibility.”
Valen eyed his companions, seeing concern which matched his own. “What is the threat, if you do not mind me asking?” 
Altorak regarded him for a moment. “We have had reports of recent pirate activity between here and Jovian Falls. So, we are taking extra precautions.” As he was speaking, Tarakis glanced around, noticing the crewmen all wore leather armor and carried weapons. “I will have you shown to your cabin. Better settle in, we are ready to go.”
Tarakis watched the Captain walk away, sensing something was amiss. “I will meet you down there.” He said to his comrades. “I want to talk to Altorak for a minute.”
As the others followed the crewman down to their cabin, Valen glanced around, realizing he did not recognize any of the crew he saw working the boat. “Is it just me or does the crew appear different?” 
“It is not just you.” Airrak nodded. “They are different crewmen.”
“Well, of course.” Sir Tavannos said. “The Captain lost five sailors on our journey here. It was certain he had to replace them.”
“No, that is not it.” Valen replied, his eyes narrowed. “It appears like the entire crew has been replaced.”
“Yes, I got that impression as well.” Airrak added, then gave a sigh. “I suppose perhaps I am at fault.”
“I do not think that is it.” Sir Tavannos said, laying a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “After all, you saved their lives.”
“Except for the five who were unfortunate.” Szarzekk voiced, the others pinning him with questioning looks.
“But that was not because of anything he did.” Tavannos responded in defense of his longtime friend.
“Of course not.” Szarzekk quickly said. “But these are simple sailors, some of the most superstitious people out there.” He paused a moment, giving his comrades a glance. “They may not hold us responsible but they surely fear us now. I am certain word of what occurred on our voyage has gotten around.”
“Well, hopefully our return journey to the Falls will be uninteresting.” Valen said as a way to end the discussion.
“Altorak!” Tarakis called after his friend. “A word please.”
The Captain, who had his back to the Rogue, stopped and slowly turned around. “Tarakis.” He said, very monotony. “I am busy. What is it?” 
His clipped comment caught Tarakis off guard. He eyed him a few moments. “Very well, I give up.” He said, throwing his hands up in the air. “What is going on?”
“What is going on?” The Captain asked rhetorically. “Are you serious?”
Tarakis sighed in frustration. “What are you talking about?” He frowned. “Please enlighten me.”
“Look…” Altorak said, a bit harshly. “The only reason I agreed to take you and your friends back to the Falls was so that I can pay for my new crew!”
The Rogue only stared at him, for he had no idea what to say. The blunt frustration was evident in his old friend’s voice and he could not blame the man. Sailors, Tarakis thought with exasperation. Superstitious lot. He opened his mouth to speak but the Captain raised a hand sharply in silence.
Leaning in closely, Altorak hissed, “I had to replace not only the five crewmen I lost going north, but the cook, the scout, mop hand and everyone else aboard my vessel. Including my Quartermaster who had been with me for years.”
“I am sorry for your loss.” Tarakis said, truly meaning his words. He raised his eyes. “Do not fault me for the fairytales your men whisper to one another. There was an attack. My party and I did the stabby-stabby.”
“Look…” The Captain breathed loudly, stepping back to give him room. “It is not that I do not appreciate what you and your companions did in defense of my boat.” He rubbed his chin, then straightened. “But whatever that was your friend had done…” Altorak gave him a level look. “You know the one I am speaking about, it scared the bloody Blarth out of my crew… myself included.”
Tarakis could hardly believe what he was hearing. He turned away, shaking his head in disappointment.
“For crying out loud, Tarakis.” The Captain went on. “They thought he was some kind of scholar or sage or… or wise man.”
“I never said he was a sage or a scholar. What difference does it make anyway? He saved the boat! And their lives! And your life.”
Altorak suddenly appeared a little shamed. “I know, I know.” He muttered, his head lowered.
Tarakis saw an opportunity to close the issue and placate his friend, so he took it. “I tell you what.” He said, rubbing the back of his neck. “We will pay you double for this trip to help recoup your losses.” He folded his arms, watching his friend a moment, then added, “How does that sound?”
The Captain let out a sigh with his head bowed and then suddenly looked up and smiled slightly. “You are damn right you will!” He gave a small chuckle.
Tarakis’ eyes crinkled as he grinned. “So, it is a deal then?” He extended his arm.
Altorak put his hand on his chin for a moment as if considering the offer. Finally he smiled and accepted the Rogue’s arm, clasping his forearm. “It is a deal.” They shook, then the Captain added, “Let us pray there is no fog.”
Tarakis snorted. “Agreed. And if there is… my companions and I will stay in our cabin.”

‡

Alenia Soulreaper sat in the tavern of the Black Dog Inn, her nails rapping impatiently on the table while she waited for her lacky to return with the information she requested. She stiffened when he finally walked through the door, nearly a half an hour later.
“Well?” Alenia demanded. “Report!” She was quickly losing her patience with the fools serving her.
“Yes mistress.” The man stuttered. “After they left the Inn, they went directly to the docks.” He paused nervously fumbling with the collar of his tunic.
Alenia’s eyes narrowed. “And? Go on!”
“And, they boarded the same boat they had arrived on two days ago… I watched the boat depart.” The man was barely able to keep his voice from breaking.
Alenia stood quickly. “Both of you, gather our gear, quickly! Meet me in the forest. We depart immediately.” When her men did not move fast enough, she snapped. “Now, you fools, MOVE!”
Alenia walked to the bar to pay the Innkeeper for the stay. “We will pick them up again in Jovian Falls. They will lead us right to the prize, one way or another.” She muttered to herself and the Innkeeper looked at her, frowning. Alenia narrowed her eyes. “What are you looking at?” She slammed down a handful of coins onto the counter and headed out the door. 
Alenia stepped through the thick foliage of the dense forest, moving deeper in where her two lackeys awaited standing beside the enormous beast half shrouded in the shadows of the trees. She lifted her hand as she passed by, gliding it along its smooth side.
Alenia turned and climbed atop its back, looking down at her two flunkies with a glare in her eyes. “What are you waiting for? Hurry up, you fools. Move! We fly to Jovian Falls.”

‡

The Charybdis was an entire day into the journey back to Jovian Falls and so far, there had been no fog, strange or otherwise. Regardless, the crew had been extra vigilant, keeping a good watch out in all directions due to the report of pirate activity on the river. The demigods had done their part to help, each pulling a shift on lookout throughout the day. So far they had not seen anything out of the ordinary. In fact they had only passed one other river boat heading for Janardan and it was one the crew knew well.
By the evening, the atmosphere on the boat was starting to relax some, though perhaps a little too much. For the most part the crew had gone back to taking care of their shipboard duties, not paying much attention to the surrounding waters. Even the actual designated lookout on the forecastle seemed preoccupied with the boat itself.
Fortunately, Valen, Tarakis and Sir Tavannos were present on the deck, staying alert while Szarzekk and Airrak remained in the cabin, the Undead Warrior cleaning and sharpening his weapons while the Mage rested in preparation for the night watch. Currently, Valen was on the forecastle watching ahead as Tavannos hung back at the stern, keeping watch from behind. The Rogue roamed around amid ship, back and forth and side to side, watching all around the entirety of the boat, hardly containing his boredom.
It was getting close to dusk when Valen sighted a vessel dead ahead about a mile distant. He could not make out too many details at the distance they were but it definitely had its sail furled and oars in the water. This made sense as it was going against the current. The Warrior watched it for a moment longer until he was certain he could not make out any kind of banner or flag, which it was not flying either. “Vessel ahead!” Valen shouted loudly. “About a mile downstream and heading toward us under oar!”
It only took a second for the crew to be on alert and within a few moments of hearing the Warrior’s alert, the Captain appeared next to him at the bow, Tarakis and Sir Tavannos on his heels.
“Bosun’s mate!” The Captain shouted, peering through the long spyglass in his hands. “Make sure we are still watching the sides and the stern!” Altorak barked orders to his crew below.
“They are not flying any sort of flag.” Valen said, staring out at the approaching vessel. “At least none that I could make out from this distance.”
“No.” The Captain confirmed. “They most certainly are not.” He put the glass down for a moment and seemingly weighed his options. Having made his mind up, he shouted, “Quartermaster! Arm the crew!”
“Yes sir!” Came a response from across the deck.
Leaning in so that the three companions could hear him without raising his voice, the Captain, who was clearly a touch nervous, said, “That ship is not of a type which typically traverses these waters for either trade or passenger transport.” He gave the other vessel another quick regard through the spyglass. “It is significantly larger than just about any other boat I have ever run into on this river.”
“Is it possible it is just another merchant vessel plying these waters for the first time?” Tavannos asked.
“It is always a possibility.” The Captain responded and seemed to have more to say but hesitated. 
Valen, who had still been staring at the approaching vessel, turned to look at him. He took a sharp breath. “But?”
Captain Altorak sighed deeply. “But that ship is far too large to be a regular on these waters.” He paused, placing to spyglass to his eye once again. “And the fact it is not flying a flag nor a banner of any sort goes against all rules of maritime courtesy.”
“Well, what do we do?” Valen asked, shifting his stance. “Try to fight them off or make a run for it?”
Altorak thought for a moment, then scanning around the deck, he could see the ballistae were manned and ready as well as the crew were armed and standing by. “Considering that, based on the number of oars in the water and the looks of that catapult on their deck…” He raised the spyglass to his eyes, seeing they were now about a half of a mile ahead. “They are more heavily armed than us and probably outnumber us by three to one, I think we should be prepared to fight but try to make a run for it.” Having said that, the Captain left to see to it that his crew was prepared.
“We may be outnumbered three to one but I will bet that they are not counting on us being on board.” Tarakis said, seeing Szarzekk and Airrak appear on deck, the two having appeared to quickly get a grasp on the situation.
Valen was thoughtful. “Are you sure about that?” He finally said, his eyes narrowed.
His companions looked at him questioningly. “You think that ship might actually be searching for us?” Sir Tavannos replied, then turned to cast a curious look out at the ship in the distance.
Valen nodded. “I think it is a possibility.” He saw uncertainty on Tavannos’ face, so he added, “If the prizes we seek are so crucial there will be other interested parties, as the Gnome told us there would be.”
Tarakis thought then of the woman in Janardan for a brief moment but shrugged his shoulders. “We seem to have quite the luck on the river.”
Airrak wandered over with Szarzekk beside him, joining them at the bow. Valen gave the two a nod, relaying the Captain’s plans. He gazed out at the river, then up at the sky. “We have the current and the wind on our side, we should be able to get by and make a break.”
“But for now…” Szarzekk interjected. “It sounds as if we best be prepared to fight.” Upon hearing no objections, he nodded sharply. “I will defend the left side.”
“I will join you.” Tarakis said, inclining his head before heading off for the port side with the Undead Warrior.
Valen peered at his remaining two companions, both returning his look. “I suppose that leaves the front to the three of us.”
“I suppose it does.” Tavannos mumbled.
The Warrior’s eyes drifted across the boat coming to rest on Airrak. “Tell me you have spells prepared, Mage.”
Airrak grinned. “Indeed I do.”

†

“Hard to Starboard!” The Captain shouted. The other ship was now only about a hundred yards ahead of the Charybdis. “We are going to try to pass them with as wide a berth as possible!”
They heard a loud thump, followed by a whoosh and immediately, a shout went up from one of the crewmen. “Lookout! Shot incoming!” Seconds later, there came the sound of a heavy splash as the catapult shot fell short by approximately twenty paces.
Before the crew could react, two long wooden javelins careened toward the Charybdis. The first pierced the sail and disappeared into the water. The second flew and met its mark on the mast, wobbling as it struck directly above Szarzekk’s head. The Undead Warrior tilted his helm upward, reaching slowly to still the spear.
Tarakis’ stunned expression met Szarzekk’s gaze. “Luck is on your side, my corpse friend.” He laughed, clasping the Undead Warrior’s shoulder.
Szarzekk felt a twinge of humor. “What is undead cannot be killed.”
The Rogue sputtered, “Did you just make a joke?”
Szarzekk stared at Tarakis, remaining silent as his head angled to one side.
“Fire the ballista!” Altorak shouted from his position at the wheelhouse. “And get those crossbows into action!”
The Charybdis had erupted with much commotion and noise as everyone sprang into action. Within a few seconds, the loud twang of the forward ballista could be heard as well as the sound of the crossbows firing. The other vessel had also been firing but so far, all of the catapult shots had either fallen short or missed altogether, mainly due to the skill Captain Altorak was showing in giving the enemy a difficult target to hit.
The half-Gods were all feeling a sense of restlessness that they could not contribute directly to the fight. While the others assisted the crew as best they could, Airrak was waiting for the perfect moment to unleash his magic, having a particular spell in mind and the time to use it was almost upon him.
The two vessels were now almost directly across from one another with a distance of approximately a hundred and eighty yards between them. When the Charybdis passed by the other boat there came a loud crash as the enemy’s catapult finally connected with a shot. The fifty pound, flaming shot slammed directly into the deck in front of where the mast protruded. Instantly, pieces of wood flew in all directions, the concussive force throwing two of the crewmen across the deck. When small fires sprouted up all around the site of impact, crewmen immediately rushed to put the fires out as well as help their injured fellows.
 While his companions moved to help with what they could, Airrak had decided the time was right. He moved to take up position amid ship on the left side.
A multitude of commotion and noise went on around him, men shouting and the sounds of battle, but Airrak managed to calm himself, beginning the concentration that would allow him to cast his spell. After a few moments, he reached that place in his mind where the words and symbols began swirling inside his consciousness. He could feel the magic start to control his body and almost subconsciously Airrak began moving his hands in the pattern required by the spell and as he did, the air around them started to swirl with mist.
“Albarus, Magnetos, Foritis, Ventis!” He shouted, making a final pushing motion with his hands in the direction of the enemy vessel. The air surrounding his hands suddenly started moving over the water towards the other ship, gathering up force as it moved while creating waves and whirling vortexes of wind, becoming stronger and more powerful as it went. By the time it reached the other vessel it had grown to include twenty foot tall waves and heavy gusting winds.
When the combination of water and wind hit, the vessel was lifted up out of the water and thrown to its right thirty paces away, nearly tipping over onto its right side. Most of the oars on the left side were snapped in half by the great force of the water as bodies of men were tossed overboard. When the wind died down and the water receded to normal, the ship bobbed at an odd angle, incredibly disabled. A sudden cheer went up from those near Airrak, while others on the Charybdis stared in disbelief at the stricken vessel, most of them shifting their wide eyed gazes at Airrak, including the Captain.
Sir Tavannos walked over to join his comrade, who was visibly a bit weaker after having cast his spell. He put a hand on the Mage’s shoulder. “Well done, my friend.” The Knight said, his eyes drifting to the other boat. “I do not think they will be going anywhere anytime soon.”
Airrak looked up at him, giving him a tired smile. “I just need to sit a moment to regain my strength.”
“Yes, sit and rest.” Tavannos waved a hand and returned to assist his other companions, who were all busy seeing to the crewmen’s wellbeing.
“That appears to have drained him.” Szarzekk said to Tavannos as he approached. He nodded in Airrak’s direction. “Is he well?”
“I have to admit…” Valen interjected. “That caught me by surprise.”
Sir Tavannos regarded Airrak for a moment before responding. “He will be fine. To be frank, I believe it caught him a touch by surprise as well.”
“It would appear we are not the only ones who were caught off guard.” Valen muttered, eyeing the nearby crewmen. They all appeared somewhat shaken but whether it was from the attack or Airrak’s response, he could not be certain. Though they did seem to be throwing furtive glances in the Mage’s direction.
Tarakis appeared then, joined by the Captain. Altorak blew out a deep breath as he eyed Airrak before turning to the companions. “Well, I suppose I should be thanking you.” The Captain paused, rubbing his chin. “But to be sure, I am rather speechless.”
“No thanks are necessary.” Valen said with a shake of his head. “We were in as much danger as were you.”
“And we had to act.” Sir Tavannos added, nodding toward his old friend who seemed to be gaining color back to his face. “He acted for the sake of us all.”
“Indeed.” Altorak said, then scoffed before he added, “Let us hope the rest of our voyage is uneventful, pardon me.” Heading to the wheelhouse, the Captain bellowed out an order, “Best speed to the Falls!”
Tarakis leaned over close to Szarzekk and whispered, “I do not think we were in that much danger. We could have easily handled that rabble.”
Szarzekk nodded. “I agree. But on the other hand, we really did not need the delay. Time is an issue here.”

†

The companions rose at early dawn with plans to eat breakfast with the Captain and his crew until they noticed the anxious looks that Airrak was being cast.
“I fear I have done it again.” The Mage muttered.
Sir Tavannos cleared his throat. “Perhaps it is best if we take our food elsewhere.”
“With the looks on these faces, the other side of the boat will not be far enough away.” Valen quietly stated. “But anywhere is better than here.”
When the four of them turned to walk away, Tarakis could not help but shake his head in disappointment when his eyes met the Captain’s.
They made their way to the rear of the vessel where Szarzekk sat in silence, deep in meditation. Or so they thought, for the Undead Warrior raised his head the moment he heard them approach.
“Are we interrupting you?” Tarakis asked as he came to sit beside him, taking a large bite of salted beef.
“I think I shall spend the remainder of the voyage in our cabin.” Airrak mumbled while he picked through his plate of food.
Sir Tavannos frowned, giving a shake of his head. “Nonsense. We are paying good coin for our passage. You should not have to spend it held up in a sardine can.”
“Altorak is pigheaded.” Valen growled. “Would he rather have lost his vessel and his entire crew? Because from what I saw… that was exactly what would have happened.” He eyed Tarakis. “Apologies Rogue, I know he is a friend of yours.”
“An acquaintance.” Tarakis corrected, then mumbled to himself, “I have no friends.”
Szarzekk shifted his legs, stretching them out. “As I had said once before, sailors are extremely superstitious. They do not even try to understand anything which feels unnatural to them.” He paused before adding, “I too shared in this misfortune.”
Airrak took a bite of hard cheese, washing it down with a drink of water. “I will not be surprised if Altorak replaces his entire crew once again.” He said with a dry laugh.
“It does not matter and we may never find that out.” Tarakis replied through a mouth full of food. “I have a feeling after this trip, we will not be sailing the Charybdis on any future voyages.”

†

They spent most of the day in their cabin doing this and that. At midday Tarakis and Valen wandered on deck, joining the Captain at the bow. Seeing the two approach, Altorak glanced around nervously. “Where is your companion? The one in the robes?”
Tarakis heard Valen’s sharp intake of air. “You mean Airrak? The one who saved your vessel?” The Rogue replied a touch too harshly.
If the Captain noticed their agitation, he did not show it. “Yes, Airrak. I have not seen him about since dawn.”
“Oh, he is around.” Tarakis replied, his eyes lighting up when he smiled slyly. “That is the thing about Airrak… you never know when he is going to just pop up.”
“Yes.” The Captain uttered, his eyes suddenly darting all around, while behind, Valen tried to suppress a grin. “Well, I should…” Altorak stopped in mid-sentence, his gaze shooting out behind them to the north. “What in the name of the Gods is that?”
Both Valen and Tarakis turned at once to see what had his attention. In the distance, it looked as though a dark cloud rapidly flew towards them. “Valen…” The Rogue mumbled. “I see wings within that cloud.”
“Captain.” Valen said, stepping in front of the man and giving him a level look. “I know this is your vessel and you are not one to step aside and kindly take orders from another.” His gaze shot up at the creatures fast approaching. “But if you wish to save yourself and your crew, you will take your men and lock yourselves below deck.”
“What?”
Valen shifted uncomfortably. “That is my advice.”
Tarakis crossed his arms, puffing out his chest. “I would listen to him, Captain.”
Altorak huffed and stormed away, shouting orders to his crewmen to get below deck. Valen and the Rogue split up, wasting no time as they went in search of their companions, for time was of the essence.
Tarakis found Tavannos and Szarzekk at the rear of the boat, facing the opposite way of the onrushing creatures.
“What is it?” Szarzekk asked.
The Rogue gestured at the sky. “Turn and have a look behind you.”
“By the Gods.” The Knight muttered, his throat tightening. “The crew will be slaughtered.”
Tarakis shook his head. “Let us hope not. Altorak and the crew are locked below deck.”
Tavannos gazed at him with wide eyes. “Just how did you manage that?” He asked, the Rogue shrugging a shoulder. He nodded in understanding. “Ah, I see. It was Valen.”
“Perhaps… perhaps not.”
Valen, meanwhile, opened the door to their stateroom, finding Airrak sitting in a corner chair with a book in his hands. The Mage immediately looked up. “Come on, Mage. We have trouble.”
“Trouble?” Airrak replied as he rose from the chair. “Could you be more specific?”
“Sure. Is man-bats specific enough?”

†

“There appears to be more than four of them this time around.” Sir Tavannos voiced when his last two companions joined them topside.
Airrak gazed up at the approaching creatures that were almost upon them. “Indeed.” He turned to the Knight, giving a grim smile. “Please do not go get yourself bitten this time, my friend.”  
“Well, I hardly think that statement is fair. It was not as if I stuck my shoulder into the creatures mouth and said, ‘go on beast, have a taste’.”
Airrak gave him a pat on the back. “Just try your best. It is all I ask.”
“Spread out.” Valen voiced, unsheathing his sword as the first of the bat creatures dove towards him. His blade went up, moving in a blur as the beast came down to take a swipe with its clawed hand. Valen jumped back to evade the strike and thrust his sword out at the last second, stabbing the creature straight through its chest. He turned and immediately dropped to the deck as a second one took a swing. Valen rolled, jumping back up while swinging his sword and taking off one of the man-bats clawed hands. The beast cried out in pain and hissed while coming to land on the deck, its evil eyes glaring at the Warrior. Valen leaped forward at the same time the beast dove toward him, its deadly fangs snapping. In the next instant, the Warrior’s sword went up and around, relieving the creature of its head as green blood splattered across the side of his face.
Tarakis threw one of his daggers, watching it sail straight through the man-bats wing. The creature fell to the deck with a loud thump and began to rise on its two humanoid legs. Immediately, the Rogue shot out his other dagger, striking the beast directly between its black eyes. It dropped back onto the boat, moving no longer. Another one swiped at him with a clawed hand, Tarakis not even flinching when his wound began to bleed. He yelled out a battle cry as he ran and jumped onto the beast’s back, wrapping his arms and legs around it. “Bad idea!” He shouted while the bat creature slowly lifted into the air, the Rogue struggling to hold on as its wings began to move. He quickly slid his magical dagger from its sheath while holding on with his other arm. Reaching around, Tarakis ran the blade across the beast’s throat, then dropped to the deck, landing in a roll, and coming back on his feet.
Sir Tavannos’ sword went through the bat creatures chest, he then reversed and thrust it through another behind him. His blade went up, blocking the swipe of a claw as he cut the hand from the creature. The beast turned in the air and came back towards Tavannos with fury in its eyes, taking another swipe at the Knight with its remaining hand. With an efficient downward swing, Tavannos removed the offered appendage, hearing the man-bat howl in pain as it fell to the deck. The Knight casually stepped over, driving his blade through the beasts heart.
Szarzekk’s great axe smashed into the creatures head, stilling it instantly. He let out a raging battle cry as he moved onto the next man-bat that had dove to take a swing at him. Szarzekk blocked the beasts clawed hand with his great sword, taking it clean off before he turned, slamming his great axe into the creature. The beast flew across the deck, coming to rest against the side railing with green blood and brain matter oozing from it. The Undead Warrior gave a grunt and set his sight on another.
Airrak knew he had to do something quickly since it appeared that more and more of the creatures kept coming. He took a deep breath to clear his mind, trying to stay focused on the task at hand. Reaching down in his inner core, he let go. His hands lifted, moving of their own accord. The sky directly above began to swirl, bringing with it a burst of a kaleidoscope of colors and the bat creatures slowly started to gravitate towards to swirl. When the time was right, Airrak recited the language of the Gods. “Roburi! Florescio! Pervigeio!” With the last word, he slammed his staff onto the deck. A beam of light shot forth from his staff, connecting with the colors above and in the next instant, the sky lit up with a bright flash of light. The bat creatures completely vanished and a myriad of colorful flowers rained down upon them.
Valen cast a second look, frowning at Airrak. “Flowers?”
The Mage gave a shrug. “I thought I would attempt something different? Although it was not exactly what I had in mind.”
Sir Tavannos cleared his throat, wiping green ooze from his chin. “Well, I think it an improvement. You have turned the evil creatures into pleasant blooms.” He patted his back and gave a nod of gratitude.
Tarakis stared around, his faced scrunched up. “Pleasant blooms?” He mumbled under his breath, shaking his head.
“We should probably let the Captain know it is safe for them to come out.” Szarzekk stated.
“Umm.” The Rogue uttered, sheathing his weapons. “Maybe we should wait on that.” The others looked at him questioningly. “I do not think he is going to like the condition of his boat.”
The demigods took a moment to glance around, seeing for the first time the carnage before them. The dead corpses of bat creatures were spread across the entire boat with an arm here and a leg there, green blood splattered everywhere, not to mention the colorful blooms which decorated the entire deck.
“Yes, perhaps we should do something about the disarray.” Sir Tavannos voiced.
“WHAT IN THE SEVEN LEVELS OF FAUSTUS HAPPENED TO MY BOAT?” Captain Altorak’s loud voice echoed across the deck.
Tarakis’ wide eyes regarded his companions. “Cats out of the bag.”
Valen gave a slight chuckle as he knelt down, wiping his blade on one of the corpses. “I suppose it is.”
“Maybe after we get this mess cleaned up one of you can stitch me up.” The Rogue said, gesturing at the back of his arm where the creature had clawed him.
“I suppose that can be arranged.” Valen said with a nod.
It took them, along with the help of the crewmen, three hours to clean the boat. After the bat creatures were thrown over the side of the vessel, they used every mop available to clean up the blood, although with all the flowers spread throughout, the mess only appeared to get even larger. The demigods could not help but notice Captain Altorak stood at the bow glaring at them the entire time.
Not too long after, the Charybdis was pulling into a small dock three days walk from Jovian Falls. The Captain stood with his arms crossed, glaring at each of them. “I will give you all exactly five minutes to gather your belongings and get off my bloody boat!”
Tarakis took a step forward. “But Captain…”
“No buts.” Altorak interjected with a raised hand. “You five are cursed. Nothing but trouble follows you and I will not endanger the lives of my crewmen, nor will I risk further damage to my vessel.”
“Fair enough.” Valen said, turning to walk away, his companions following behind.
“And do not forget to leave my coin!” The Captain added.
Fifteen minutes later, the immortals stood by the river, watching as the Charybdis pulled away from the small dock. “Next time you need a boat, Tarakis…” Altorak yelled down. “Look elsewhere.”
Airrak sighed deeply. “Well, I did not see that coming.”
“This is our thanks for trying to help.” Tarakis uttered, none too happily. “What do we do now?”
“We do the only thing we can do.” Valen replied, throwing his pack over his shoulder. “We continue on.”
The comrades were left with no other choice but to travel on foot the remainder of the way to Jovian Falls. They stayed near the riverbed, stopping only to rest when necessary. When darkness came, the five of them made camp along the bank, with the river on their right and the Silverwood forest on the left. Valen and Szarzekk collected what dried wood they could find to last them through the night. Airrak whispered a couple words of magic and the wood erupted with reddish-orange flames.
“With the appearance of those man-bat creatures I think it is certain… we were being followed.” Airrak stated while he lounged on his bedroll, snacking on some trail rations. “Or we just happen to have the world’s worst luck.” He added with a wry grin.
Szarzekk nodded. “Indeed.”
“Altorak is so stubborn.” Tarakis grumbled.
“Well, I suppose if he and his crewmen are that superstitious…” Sir Tavannos began. “I cannot say that I blame the man.”
The Rogue gave him a sideways glare. “I can.”
Valen took a drink from his waterskin, his eyes on the flames of the fire. “So our journey is prolonged by but a couple of days. We are all alive.” He rubbed his eyes. “I am in need of sleep. Wake me when it is my watch.” Valen laid down, stretching out.
“Tomorrow is going to be a long day.” Sir Tavannos stated, then turned to address the Mage. “Perhaps you should try and sleep as well, my friend.”
Airrak gave a nod. “Yes, you are right. Perhaps I should. I do need to recover my strength.” He looked over at the Rogue, who appeared to be staring off into the forest. “Tarakis, are you well?”
Tarakis eyed him, giving a shrug. “I suppose.” He paused a moment to collect his thoughts. “It is just… I have known Altorak for a long time. I cannot believe he just cast us off his boat.”
“I would not take it personally.” Airrak said with a slight smile.
“How am I supposed to take it then? He said we were cursed.”
“You know as well as I we are not cursed.” The Mage sighed. “Captain Altorak is not aware of the circumstances which brought us together. He does not know of the quest which has been thrust upon us.”
“Funny though… I have felt cursed my entire life.”
The Mage watched as Tarakis rolled on his uninjured side, away from view, the conversation was over.

CHAPTER
10

 The immense city of Jovian Falls was surrounded by fifty-foot stone walls with watch towers, an additional thirty feet, placed periodically along them. High cliffs ran up against the northwest corner of the city where several waterfalls cascaded down into the Jovian River, running through the center of the city. Close to two thousand half-timber and stone establishments were built throughout Jovian Falls, which included dwellings and businesses where near twenty-five thousand permanent residents worked and resided. Besides the main River Gate, there were two other great gated entrances into the city, one on the east side and the other on the west side.
During the day, the narrow streets were alive with town criers and traders calling out their wares, but as darkness approached the noise died down as the city folk returned to their homes not wishing to be caught outside after the curfew bells rang. At that time, the city gates were locked down and the Paladins of Seleria increased their numbers throughout the night patrolling the streets.
Darius had already been in the city for some time when his companions finally trampled through the door of The King’s Court Inn.
The other immortals knew the establishment was crowded before they even stepped in from the music and laughter that poured through it to the city streets. The common room was oversized and great with a numerous amount of tables and chairs sitting proportionately throughout, easily seating a hundred and fifty patrons. A long counter ran alongside the back wall with stools providing even more seating. Two massive fireplaces sat on each side of the room and a small stage was set up in the back, next to the counter for the bards and musicians to perform for meager wages. At the entryway, polished wooden stairs ascended up to the second level where there were eight well-kept rental rooms as well as another set of stairs leading up to a third level with an additional six rooms. 
The common area overflowed with patrons who were not only seated in chairs and stools but also standing about drinking and conversing with one another, enjoying the music of the stringed instruments from the musicians.
Once inside, the companions found Darius sitting near the entrance involved in a game of cards with four of the local men, blush stained his cheeks at the amount of ale he had already consumed. He had a rather large, half-empty flagon in one hand and his other was wrapped around a pretty redhead sitting atop his knee. Darius immediately noticed the others as they walked in, though he did not acknowledge their presence.
“I see his reputation precedes him.” Shadowhawk muttered, throwing the Warrior a sharp gaze.
Xilton frowned, speaking quietly to the Elf. “What do you mean? Did you know Darius before our meeting in Pembrook?”
Shadowhawk smirked. “His name is known as his reputation.”
“I am famished.” Kai’las said, ignoring the Elf’s comment as he glanced around the crowded room for an empty table. “I pray the cook has some leftover food that is edible.”
Makaelah nodded in agreement as Xilton spoke up. “You go on. I am both exhausted and filthy and can think of nothing else but two things at the moment. To bathe and sleep.”
“Sleep well then.” Kai’las said with a grin.
Xilton nodded. “Good night.” She walked away, leaving the remaining three at the entrance.
“I thought you said Jovian Falls was different from other cities.” Makaelah remarked quietly, giving a short nod at the looks she was receiving from the patrons throughout the room.
“They are different.” Kai’las replied casually. “They welcome all races… of Rystarr. The last I checked you are a Celeyian and not of Rystarr.”
Shadowhawk scoffed while Makaelah laughed at his remark. “And you are a Rystarrian?” The Seraph quietly spoke.
He bent his head, whispering in her ear. “Well, of course not. But they do not know that. Hence one reason why Fae use glamour spells. The people of Rystarr would be quite shaken if they were aware of how many Fae walked among them, knowing we truly existed.” Kai’las finally spotted an empty table towards the back of the room. “Do not mind the looks. Perhaps they have never seen anything quite so beautiful.”
“Do you speak of me… or you?” She asked in jest.
He gave her a sly look but did not reply. Instead, Kai’las took her hand and said, “Come you two. I have found us a table.” He led them through the establishment toward the back where the empty table awaited, not bothered in the least that all eyes were on the three of them, including Darius’.
“How did this table suddenly become vacant; I wonder.” Shadowhawk uttered suspiciously while she relieved herself of her bow and quiver before pulling out a chair and taking a seat, dropping her pack on the floor beside her.
Kai’las eyed her. “I happened to look over and witnessed all six of the men seated here suddenly rush off to the latrine. Perhaps they ate something which did not agree with them.”
The Elf’s eyes narrowed. “Hmm… convenient.”
The cook was able to scrounge up seasoned bread with creamed peas and mixed fruit which the Barmaid served to them with their preferred drinks. To Makaelah’s surprise it did not take long for the patrons to turn back in their chairs, ending all the curious looks she had received upon entering, with the exception of Darius, who would turn to cast them a glance here and there.
After they finished with their meal, Kai’las leaned back and smoked his pipe while he and Makaelah conversed. Even Shadowhawk joined in at various points, much to the Fae’s surprise. Before they knew it close to an hour had passed when the Barmaid dropped by again, bringing refills, Kai’las’ third flagon of the night.
Makaelah peered around the common room, seeing it was still as crowded as it was when they first entered. “You do not look to be closing your doors anytime soon.” She said to the Barmaid.
The young woman laughed, her smile lighting up deep blue eyes. Makaelah exchanged a look with her companions. “Apologies.” The Barmaid said. “No, we are not to be closing up anytime soon. Around this time every night The King’s Court Inn is just waking up.”
“I see.”
“My name is Katarina. May I bring you anything else?” She looked at Kai’las. “A jigger of whiskey perhaps?”
Kai’las glanced at the two of them, Makaelah shaking her head and Shadowhawk giving a haughty scoff before looking away. “Many thanks for the offer, Katarina, but no. We will however be in need of rooms for the night. Not now… but soon. Shall we arrange for these with your employer?”
“Aye, the Innkeeper. Ourasi Ferguson, and...” The Barmaid searched around the overfilled room. She finally pointed at a tall, stalky middle-aged man wearing a suit coat and bow tie, standing at the entryway near the staircase. “That sharp dressed man would be Master Ferguson.” Kai’las thanked her again before she gathered up their dinner plates and strutted away.
Kai’las picked up his flagon and leaned back in his chair. “This city has changed a great deal in fifty odd years.” When Makaelah replied with a yawn, he chuckled. “I fear I am boring you.”
She shook her head. “No, you could never bore me.”
“Well that remains to be seen.”
“Hmph.” Shadowhawk uttered. “I grow bored from every word you speak.”
Makaelah frowned at the Elf. “Unlike Shadowhawk I find our conversations fascinating.” The Seraph remarked, adjusting in her chair to get more comfortable. “It is just that time moves differently on Celeya. I am not yet used to the longer days here on Rystarr. I fear it is all catching up to me.”
“I see. It is quite a big difference on Faery as well. A few hours there would be days here on Rystarr. Very well…” Kai’las stood up. “I will speak with Master Ferguson. I could only dare to hope the rooms here are as ‘sharply dressed’ as is the keeper of this fine establishment.” His jape interrupted Makaelah’s deep yawn. Kai’las chuckled and walked away shaking his head.
Shadowhawk crossed her arms and sat back in her chair. “He is very whimsical. He should consider becoming a Bard.”
“Well look what we got here, Mally.” A dark haired man said as he pulled out an empty chair and took a seat at their table. “One of them Angels.”
“It is one of them Angels, Gillam.” The one he addressed as Mally replied, taking the chair next to Makaelah.
A third man pulled out a chair, nearly falling into it and spilling the contents of his flagon on his long-sleeved tunic. It was then Makaelah realized that all three of the men were highly intoxicated. She silently watched them, her eyes drifting between each of the men.
“We just wanted a closer look.” Gillam slurred. “It seemed the best time was when your pretty lad friend left.”
The man’s comment caused a small snicker to escape from Shadowhawk. Makaelah peered at her, narrowing her eyes. The Elf cleared her throat. “You are not welcome here. Leave.”
“Ah…” Mally mumbled, finally turning his attention away from Makaelah and onto Shadowhawk. “Look boys… a Wild Elf.”
The third man barely nodded while Gillam’s eyes lit up. “I see that.” He leaned across the table. “What is a Wild Elf doing in the city?” Shadowhawk glared at the man, remaining silent. He shrugged and looked back at Makaelah. “I never seen an Angel’s wings this close before.” Reaching over, the man ran his hand along the top of her wings.
Shadowhawk heard Makaelah take a sharp breath of air. She stood, reached over, and grabbed a fistful of Gillam’s tunic, dragging him across the table and pulling him towards her until they were face to face. The man was so close, she could smell the reek of ale on his breath. “Leave. Her. Be.” Shadowhawk growled and tossed him back into the chair where he landed with a loud thump.
Gillam laughed, smoothing out his tunic. “You are strong for an Elf.” He said with wide eyes, looking at his two friends. “Mally, Wil, did you all see that? She lifted me one handed.”
“I will do more than that if you and your friends do not walk away.” Shadowhawk sneered.
Makaelah glanced around, noticing some of the other patrons were giving their table hard stares. “Gillam, I would ask that you not touch me.” She calmly said.
“They are just feathers.” The man slurred, slouching in the chair.
Shadowhawk hissed. “As are your ears, may I have a feel for them?” She laid a hand on the hilt of her sword.
“They are my feathers. A part of me.” Makaelah said, trying her best to remain calm but when the third man reached over and actually pulled out one of her white feathers, she felt her anger rise.
“Bloody Faustus, what is wrong with your eyes?” Mally remarked.
“You have angered her.” A deep voice said from behind. Makaelah did not have to turn around to know who it belonged to, for even though he did not speak much to her during their travel, she would recognize Darius’ voice anywhere. “Though who can blame her when you were being disrespectful?” He came around her side to get a close look at her face, seeing the small flames in her eyes.
“Hmph, you speak of disrespect?” Shadowhawk grumbled.
“We meant no harm.” Mally replied, though none of the three immortals paid him any heed.
“You have no right to speak.” Makaelah glared at Darius, who also appeared to had consumed a fair share of alcohol himself. “You have not spoken one decent word to me since we met.”
He swayed on his feet, leaning on the table. “I am sure I have.”
Shadowhawk snorted. “You are intoxicated.”
Darius turned and looked at the Elf, his eyes slightly out of focus. “You are not involved in this, Elf.”
“Involved?” Makaelah repeated, growing even more agitated. “She is more involved than you have been.” She took a deep breath. It would not do to cause a scene on their first night in Jovian Falls, or any night for that matter. “I would like for you to leave.”
Darius grinned. “Would you?” He leaned in, his face now mere inches from hers. “Just one question… why do you not wear a cloak?”
She frowned at his odd question. “What concern is it of yours? Why do you not wear a helmet?”
“I do not like them.” He slurred.
Makaelah’s eyes blazed. “I have no need for a cloak. I am not affected by the elements.”
Darius’ eyes drifted over her face. “I see. My point is… a cloak would cover your wings. You would not be in a position such as you are right now.”
“I do not need nor want advice from you.” She took a sharp breath. “Now, step back.”
“I prefer to stay where I am.”
Makaelah’s flaming eyes narrowed. “You are perhaps the rudest person I have ever met, add to it the fact that right now you smell like a tavern. So, Captain Varen, I would prefer it if you would step back.”
“I am not so bad.” He slurred and when the three men began laughing, Darius stood straight and glared at them, his fists clenched at his sides. “Why are you men still sitting here? Can you not see when you are not wanted?”
“Surely not.” Wil said while standing. “And apparently neither can you.” His two companions laughed louder and continued even after Darius threw a punch, hitting their friend on the side of his face.
Makaelah stood abruptly, backing away from the table. As Darius reached for her, Shadowhawk stepped in his way, angering him. His fist swung around, the Elf ducking at the last instant, coming back to throw out a jab of her own and slamming him on the side of the jaw. Darius staggered backwards into a cluster of patrons and chaos quickly erupted throughout the room as more and more people became involved in the brawl.
“I leave you two alone for a short while and look at what happens.” Kai’las said with a grin. “Come. Let them fight it out.” Both Shadowhawk and Makaelah kept close to the Fae while they moved through the mob of people, pushing their way towards the front of the Inn. 
The crowd became thicker as they moved closer towards the entrance, Kai’las having no patience to deal with it. He waved his hand and casually ‘glided’ the people out of their way, making a path for them to walk through. Normally, it was not such a thing he would dare attempt but Kai’las highly doubted anyone had even noticed, for most of them were highly intoxicated.
The fight did not last much longer before the Innkeeper pushed his way through the swarm of patrons with his four very large, hired hands in tow. “Break it up, or I will be breaking you.” Ourasi Ferguson’s deep burly voice shouted as he pulled men apart. “I do not know who it was who started this and truth be told, I do not care. This is a respectable business and by the Gods I demand it stay that way.”
The room began swirling by the time Darius found his three companions near the front of the Inn. “I think I may have had a little too much.” He mumbled under his breath, quickly falling into an empty chair before his legs have out. Makaelah glared at him, noticing a swollen eye that had already begun turning purple and a bloody split lip, a bruise also had formed on the side of his jaw. Shadowhawk hid a smile while Kai’las tried his best to control his laughter when Darius grinned at the Seraph showing teeth covered in blood as slightly out of focus eyes gazed at her. He looked again at Shadowhawk, pointing at her. “You struck me, Elf.”
“Yes.” She replied coolly. “Would you like for me to strike you again?”
He shook his head, rubbing his jaw. “Not really.”
“You seem highly pleased with yourself.” Makaelah snapped, the flames dancing in her eyes.
Darius shrugged his shoulders. “I was defending you.” He slurred, a smile chuckle escaping from Shadowhawk. His unfocused eyes flew to hers. “Not you, Elf... her.” He gestured with his head towards Makaelah.
“Pardon me?” The Celeyian replied.
Darius sighed. “I said I was…”
“I heard you.” She interjected.
“Then why did you…”
Makaelah held her hand up, giving him a hard stare and Darius immediately ceased talking. He leaned back and laced his fingers behind his head. “I have survived for over a thousand years without the presence of a mighty Warrior to defend me, so I ask why you think I would need or even want this?”
Darius scoffed. “What female would not want my protection?”
Shadowhawk immediately turned her back on them. Her shoulders shook with barely contained laughter that came out as soft wheezes.
Makaelah growled and looked over at Kai’las, standing near watching their exchange with a touch of humor in his eyes. “I… cannot.” She shook her head. “I am in need of some air.”
“Certainly.” The Fae replied. “Would you like for me to accompany you?”
“No.” She frowned. “I think I would prefer to be alone.” Makaelah stood to leave but turned back to Darius. “I would advise you not drink so much in the future. You have spoken words to me that I think on the morn you will come to regret.” She stepped away. 
Darius scrubbed a hand down his face, smearing blood at the corner of his mouth. He sat back in his chair, sighing while Kai’las took Makaelah’s empty chair, folding his arms with a grin spreading wide across his face. “It would seem congratulations are in order.”
Darius gave him a sideways glance. “For what?”
“I think you may possibly hold the record for being the biggest ass in Jovian Falls at this moment.” The Fae said, Shadowhawk nodding in agreement.
“I highly doubt that.”
“Of course, at this moment you would.” Without taking his eyes off the Warrior, Kai’las reached out, catching an empty flagon that had flown across the room, his action saving Darius from getting bashed in the head. Kai’las turned and eyed the culprit who had thrown it, the man Darius had punched in the face earlier, setting off the entire brawl. He casually set the flagon on the table, then turned his attention back to the man. Suddenly, the man’s legs went out from under him, causing him to fall back on his rear end, his two intoxicated companions erupting with laughter.

†

Shadowhawk left Kai’las sitting at the table with Darius, who had switched to drinking strong black tea. Stepping out into the night, the Elf took a deep breath of the cool harvest air. With the curfew now in place, there were very few city folk out roaming at that late hour and those who were, most likely were wandering home from the local taverns. Shadowhawk stayed close to the buildings as she moved silently on her feet, her steps taking her toward the town square.
As she neared closer, Shadowhawk heard the muffled sounds of several voices appearing to be in a disagreement. She started off at a trot wielding her bow as she went while knowing deep in her gut that somehow Makaelah was involved. When the Elf reached the square she found the six outlaws led by Aiden that they had encountered on the road days earlier. The men did not have their swords drawn but were encircled around Makaelah appearing to be in conversation with her. Shadowhawk’s eyes locked with the Seraph’s an instant before she nocked an arrow, Makaelah giving a small shake of her head. Before the Elf could choose to ignore the request a stampede of footfalls came rushing at them through the narrow city streets.

†

The room finally stopped spinning on Darius. He scratched at the stubble on his jaw and sat straight, shaking his head to clear it when he caught a glimpse of a familiar dark hooded figure as it stepped out the front entrance. “Not now.” He muttered, scrubbing a hand down his face. He took a deep breath and stood, turning to Kai’las. “You should wake Xilton and meet me outside.”
At seeing his concern, Kai’las cast his eyes towards the entrance. “Makaelah?” Darius nodded and the Fae immediately shifted out in search of the Monk.
Darius dashed out the door, immediately hearing the first screams of the city folk as they flew by him, all running with fear in their eyes. Beneath the chaos, he could hear the clashes of steel and garbled guttural voices. Darius rushed off, running the opposite way of the people, making it to the town square where he stopped, taking in a sharp breath. Makaelah and Shadowhawk were packed in the square surrounded by a substantial amount of small, red-skinned creatures. “Goblins.” Darius growled. “I hate Goblins.” Unsheathing his swords, he jumped in, joining the battle.
The Goblins wore mismatched crude armor, each holding a short broad sword in one hand and a small wooden shield in the other. Makaelah barely had enough room to swing her sword, for all the creatures crowding close to her but then when she did, she was able to take several of them down at once. She noted it odd, however that none of the creatures had attacked her even when she struck at them.
Darius fought his way in the town square hacking up Goblins as he went. He had fought the creatures for years back in the Goblin Wars. They were scum. Bottom feeders, and easy to kill. With them packed in the way they were every swing of his weapons were a hit, often slicing a few unfortunate ones in half. Darius heard a commotion come from behind, he turned, changing his position to get a look, and was surprised to see the street leading to the square was full of even more of the creatures pushing their way to get through. Several Goblins suddenly went flying through the air and Darius just barely caught the end of one of Xilton’s powerful kicks. He felt relief knowing Kai’las would be there at the Monk’s side.
Kai’las fought at the back end of the creatures using his skills with his sword. Lightning crackled down his blade as he spun, bringing Glimmer down in one powerful swing and removing four Goblin heads at once before pressing on. His blade glowed white with streaks of electrical current lighting up the dark night. As Kai’las thrust Glimmer through the chest of two Goblins, the creatures twitched and convulsed while the electricity flowed through them, dropping them to the cobblestone street.
Xilton was several yards in front of Kai’las, punching and kicking with a fury. After her first initial spinning kick that sent several of the creatures flying, the Monk greeted the next Goblin with a hard front kick, watching it drop. She turned, taking one down with a throat punch before spinning and bashing another beast behind with a series of punches. Xilton moved on with a side kick, followed by a back kick to another.
Shadowhawk had witnessed Aiden and his band of outlaws quickly depart at the first sign of the Goblins. She quickly switched her bow for her short sword, knowing she would have no room for her ranged weapon. The Elf immediately began attacking, moving light on her feet as she glided through the on rushing horde, hacking, and slicing as she went. Shadowhawk’s brows furrowed when her eyes fell to the scene before her. There were at least a hundred Goblins fighting in a frenzy. The creatures were tripping over the fallen bodies of their own to get to them. She had never seen anything like it. The cobblestone street ran black with Goblin blood. Glancing south, she saw a rush of Paladins join in the fray and knew the battle was won.
City Guards lined the buildings as they moved to protect the people of the city, heavily garbed in steel with broad swords straightened in each of their hands. The Paladins of Seleria worked quickly, disposing of the surrounding Goblins until the streets were littered with the creatures corpses. The companions worked with the city when they all came together to load the dead creatures onto carts and wheel them just outside the gates where they were thrown onto piles and burnt.

‡

Skalanis stood stunned as he witnessed the battle come to an end. He actually found himself intrigued by just how powerful the demigods were. Of course, Goblins were mere fodder, incredibly expendable, and they were immortals after all, but as many of the creatures as there had been, Skalanis expected them to at least have a few cuts and bruises by the end. But nothing? Incredible. It truly surprised him, for he honestly thought he knew everything of them, but he had no idea they were that powerful. Next time I will send something stronger, the Mage thought. They cannot be invincible. After watching the group a few moments longer, Skalanis turned and moved silently down the alley, careful to stay within the shadows of the buildings.

‡

Kai’las and Darius worked side by side picking up bodies of the dead Goblins and throwing them onto a cart. “How do you feel, my friend?” The Fae asked after he caught Darius eyeing Makaelah for the tenth time since the battle had ended.
Darius shrugged his shoulders. “Fine.” He frowned. “Why do you ask?”
Kai’las’ brow raised. “Why do you think?”
“Kai’las, what are you talking about?”
“You do not recall the incident in the tavern?” He asked, eyeing him suspiciously.
“What incident?” Darius asked, going back to his work.
Kai’las chuckled. “Speak with Makaelah.” He picked up the body of a Goblin as though it were weightless and tossed it onto the cart, earning a look of surprise from the Warrior. “Perhaps she can help jog your memory. I am certain even D’ae Feon would be happy to assist.”
Darius looked over at Makaelah, working side by side with Xilton and the Elf, loading their own carts with the bloody corpses. His eyes narrowed as he turned back. “That will not be necessary. I was drunk. Many others have no control over their actions when they are intoxicated.”
Kai’las grinned. “Oh, so you do remember.” He quieted a moment pondering his thoughts while he continued to work. “Well, my friend, I believe we have a long way to go yet. I suggest you take my advice from before and let out whatever it is you have troubling you because if we have to travel together as this for a great length of time…” Kai’las sighed, then added, “To be honest with you Darius, I have not liked you myself much as of late.”
“Yes, I know. I got that impression from you the other day… before we entered Jovian Falls.” Darius picked up a Goblin and walked it to the cart, having a little more difficulty than the Fae had, but Blarth if he would show it.
“Ah...well, you had angered me.” Kai’las moved on to another corpse, bearing it with ease, repeating what he had been doing. “I quickly recovered, but tonight, what you did... as amusing as it was, it did not help matters on your part. I understand little of your actions tonight. You have had a problem with Makaelah since the day we met her, so why would you chose to want to protect her?”
Darius brushed a hand through his hair, sighing deeply. “I already told you, I was drunk. I do not even remember what happened. Can we stop speaking of this?”
Kai’las nodded. “Very well.” A few moments later, he cleared his throat. “To touch on another matter, did you happen to notice how the Goblins avoided Makaelah? No matter that she attacked them they just let her be.”
Darius nodded. “Aye. I did take notice of it. Peculiar. Never seen anything like it. I noticed the look on her face. She seemed just as confused by it.”
“True.” Kai’las agreed. He picked up another body and tossed it onto the cart.
“Alright… how are you doing that? I know the Goblins do not weigh much but still more than what you make it seem.” Darius moved closer and whispered, “Are you using your powers?”
The corner of his mouth tipped up in a crooked grin. “Would it make you feel better if I said I was?”
Once they cleared the street of all the bodies of fallen Goblins, most of the city folk left to go to their homes leaving just a handful standing about talking amongst themselves until the City Patrol came through insisting they return to their homes. When the demigods turned to head back towards The King’s Court Inn, a thin, balding middle-aged man stopped them before they could go any further. 
“Greetings friends, I thought I would introduce myself. My name is Palvos Barneston, I am the Overlord of Jovian Falls.” He said with a warm smile.
“Greetings Overlord.” Xilton replied, returning the man’s smile.
“Thank the Celestial City you people were here tonight.” The Overlord said. “We cannot thank you enough for what you have done.” He eyed the cart next to them full of Goblin bodies. That cart, along with eight others were in the process of being moved outside the city gates. “Goblins.” Palvos spat, shaking his head. “I have no idea what has changed but so many odd events have been occurring in Jovian Falls as of late.”
Xilton frowned. “Besides this, what do you speak of?”
He shook his head. “Awful things. Just awful. Folks down by the docks being robbed by hideous creatures of Blarth. So many murders, I have lost count. They break into homes at night, slaughtering the innocent while they sleep.” The Overlord paused a moment, pulling out a handkerchief from his coat pocket to mop the sweat from his brow. He shook his head, then continued, “I just do not understand it, Jovian Falls used to be safe. The Paladins of Seleria have always seen to it.”
Darius glanced at his companions, seeing concern on their faces he was sure mirrored his own. “What defensive measures have you taken?”
“We have doubled the guards stationed at the gates. Also added more patrols throughout the city. And of course, the Paladins of Seleria are always about… even if one cannot see them, they are there.” The Overlord’s eyes drifted to Makaelah. “Forgive me. I do not mean to stare. We do not have too many visits from one of the divine and when we do, it is usually a male.”
Makaelah gave a tired smile. “It is quite alright. You have visits from a male Celeyian?”
“Yes, on occasion. The folks have taken to calling him the Ire Angel.” The Overlord stated. “Do you know who I speak of?”
“Perhaps.” Was her vague reply.
Palvos gave a nod, leaving it at that. He turned back to address them all. “I am sure you are all weary so I do not want to keep you from retiring. I only wanted to introduce myself and to extend my thanks, of course. We are eternally grateful. If there is anything you need during your stay here, please do not hesitate to ask. You will find my home on the riverfront. Ask anyone and they will direct you to it.”
“We appreciate it.” Darius spoke up, the exhaustion he felt showed clearly on his face. “But we were not planning on staying. In fact, we need to be on our way in the morn.”
“Ah, I see. That soon eh?” The Overlord rubbed his chin in thought. “Please let us prepare you a breakfast feast before you depart? You can leave Jovian Falls on a full stomach.”
“Much appreciated.” Darius replied. “Now, if you will excuse us… we need to try and get at least some sleep.”
“And a bath.” Shadowhawk chimed in.
“Yes, yes, of course. You will find Master Ferguson, the Innkeeper of The King’s Court Inn, has rooms prepared for you. Free of charge. And I will see to it that he has baths prepared as well. Have a pleasant night.”
After they thanked the Overlord, the immortals silently made their way back toward the Inn. It was not until they were near halfway when Xilton spoke up. “I regret to say this, but I am certain we are all thinking the same thing. Those Goblins came here for us.”
“I have no doubt.” Darius responded. “I think the magic user who set those spells on us in the forest of Janardan sent them here. I witnessed him leave the Inn. I sent Kai’las to alert you while I rushed out in search of Makaelah and the Elf.”
“If you are waiting for a medal of honor you will have a long wait.” Makaelah coldly stated, quickening her pace. She now walked ahead of the others as Kai’las tried hard to hide his grin.
“I suppose I deserved that.” Darius mumbled. The only thing that truly bothered him was the fact that he shamed himself acting the fool. He had told Kai’las that he did not recall what had happened when in fact Darius remembered every detail of the night, which was what made it all so horrible. He had no idea why he did what he had. All the more reason to blame it on the alcohol. After all, it was not the first time something like that happened.
“I felt eyes on us from the Janardan forest all the way to Jovian Falls.” Shadowhawk said. She silently chastised herself for being so careless, knowing she should have been more cautious and thorough.
“And you did not think it wise to tell us you still felt it here, in the city?” Darius snapped. “If you had, Elf, we may have been prepared for this?”
Shadowhawk glared at him. “I told you in Janardan. And I mentioned it along the way. There have been no changes since then, human.” She snapped back. 
Darius only shook his head while he bit his tongue, having decided he was too tired to argue.
“It is difficult having no direction on this journey.” Xilton replied. “We have ones trying to stop us and I can only assume it will not be the last battle we fight before this is all over.” 
Darius brushed a hand through his hair. “This just proves we need to always be on guard. Stay alert. Make certain our weapons are always close and as often as possible, try and stay together.”
“And sober.” Shadowhawk snapped.
Darius sighed. “Aye. And sober.”
The Elf nodded. “When I found Makaelah those brigands who wandered into our camp that one night had surrounded her in the square.”
“Aiden.” Kai’las uttered, his eyes flickering iridescent.
“Yes. The cowards ran once the Goblins came upon us.”
“I should have ended them when first we met.” The Fae replied, his eyes falling on Xilton. “I will not be so merciful at our next encounter.”
Darius frowned. “She could have easily killed them all. We witnessed what was left of the five men she fought in Janardan... and those were soldiers. So why did she leave them be?”
Shadowhawk raised a brow. “You assume I am aware of what she is thinking. You will have to ask her.”
By the time they reached the Inn Makaelah was nowhere in sight, but Ourasi Ferguson stood by the door awaiting their arrival. Xilton immediately went her separate way, heading towards the women’s bathing room. Kai’las, being unable to acquire rooms for himself, Makaelah and Shadowhawk due to the outburst in the common room earlier, he and the Elf followed Ourasi upstairs with Darius.
The Innkeeper opened the door to the first room at the top of the stairs, letting Darius take the room for himself. He turned to inform the Warrior of the bath, that was waiting for him, only to have Darius give a nod of appreciation and shut the door without a word. Ourasi cleared his throat, moving to open the next door for Shadowhawk and informing her of the baths as well. He then walked deeper down the hall, opening the last door for Kai’las. 
Kai’las threw his pack in a corner of his small room, turning back to the Innkeeper, standing just outside his door. “If I may ask, Master Ferguson, which room did you show to the Seraph?”
“Room five.” Ourasi Ferguson replied, motioning with his thumb over his shoulder at the door directly across from them. “Across the hall.”
“Many thanks.”
“My pleasure. The men’s bathing room is down the hall. Last door on the right.”
“Good man.”
“Good night, Sir.” The Innkeeper nodded and walked off. 
Closing his door behind him, Kai’las lightly tapped on Makaelah’s door. It took her only a moment to answer and seeing who it was, she allowed him to enter.
“I thought I would check on you before I retired. You seemed rather upset.” He sat down in the only chair the small room had to offer.
Makaelah took a seat on the edge of the bed, bending down to start undoing the buckles on one of her thigh boots. “That man is insufferable.”
“Oh, he is not so bad. I think tonight he only cared for your well-being.”
Makaelah frowned. “Pfff. I do not understand how one can hate someone one moment and care for their ‘well-being’, as you say, the next. It makes no sense to me.”
Kai’las moved to the floor in front of her and began undoing her boot the remainder of the way. “How could he hate you, Makaelah? How could anyone hate you?” Once he had all the buckles undone on the one boot, he began tugging on it. “There is one way to know for certain… ask him. If he lies, then you will know.” Since he was having no luck getting the boot off, he moved to try another angle, pulling a little harder, his teeth clenched. “Holy Faustus, how do you get these bloody things off?” Makaelah chuckled when he stood up, putting all his strength into removing it and finally, the boot gave suddenly. Kai’las flew backwards into the chair, knocking it and him into the wall with a loud crash.
Makaelah jumped up, rushing to his side. She leaned over him trying her best not to laugh. “Kai’las?”
“I am fine, though I think we may have woken your neighbors.” He uttered when pounding and muffled yells came from the wall next to them. Once Kai’las started laughing, Makaelah could hold it in no longer and laughed with him. It was not until an hour later they remembered their baths which by then had gotten rather cold.

†

The immortals gathered in the common area at dawn for a breakfast feast. Even though it looked as though only a few others besides them occupied the Inn’s upstairs rooms, the common room was packed with near standing room only as it was the night before. The demigods had been seated at the Overlord’s table along with his family where they talked and ate alongside the people of the city, filling up on a variety of foods. When the feast had ended and the room began emptying out, the companions sought out a large table in a quiet corner where Darius spread his map out across it.
“So, what is it we are looking at?” Kai’las asked.
“What it appears to be.” Darius peered down at the parchment. “The western region of Rystarr. And just as soon as I can get us some more lighting over here…” Suddenly, flames shot up on the three unlit candles sitting at the edges of the table. Knowing it was Kai’las’ doing, Darius gave him a nod, receiving a wink in return. “Alright…” He said, returning to the map. “So I would think the entrance to the caves are somewhere in here… the Plains of Aras.” He pointed to a location on the map, causing the others to move in for a closer look. He looked at Kai’las “It is what you have heard as well, correct?”
The Fae nodded. “It is.”
“And this is us… way up here?” Xilton asked, indicating another location. “This is going to be a long journey.”
Darius inclined his head. “Agreed. I suggest we hire a riverboat. It is, more or less, a straight journey south. Starting here in Jovian Falls…” While he spoke Darius trailed his finger along the map. “We take the Crystal River south to Crystal Lake where it branches off. From there, the River Aran to the fork. It would cut our time greatly.”
“How long do you think it will take us?” The Monk asked with a touch of excitement.
Darius scratched the day old growth along his jaw. “I would say a week.”
“A week?” Kai’las repeated, his eyes wide. “Perhaps Makaelah and I should fly down and meet you there. The two of us could be searching for the entrance while you three are on your way. With some luck we will find them by the time you arrive.”
“Just a minute…” Xilton said, her hand raised. “What do you mean fly down? Would Makaelah be able to carry you the entire way?”
Kai’las snickered. “And here I thought you knew everything. You did say you read all the stories of the Fae, did you not? Especially those of yours truly.” He made a gesture towards himself. “The Prince of the Light Court?”
The Monk did not respond immediately, a look of confusion on her face. A moment later, her eyes widened and rather loudly, she said, “You have wings?”
“Shh.” Kai’las responded, a finger to his mouth while looking around to see if anyone had overheard. When he was satisfied no one had, Kai’las turned back to the table. His eyes showing amusement. “Some Fae do. Though I suppose it may not be common knowledge even for those who believe the Fae truly exist. I am able to make them appear at will. They are truly magnificent I must admit, though different from Makaelah’s. Now, if I were to appear before you in my true form, then my wings would be visible.”
Xilton was stunned. She had no idea, but then up to just a week ago she was not even aware the Fae existed apart from legends. “And why is it we cannot see you in your true form?”
Darius sighed irritably. “Can we not talk about this at a later time? We waste daylight the longer we stand about and we still have to take the lift down to the lower docks and sell off the horses.”
“Certainly.” Kai’las replied with a devilish grin, then turned to Xilton. “It is a rather long story, but I will tell you the gist of it at a later time.” Even though she was disappointed the Monk nodded in understanding.
“Now, Captain Varen…” Makaelah sneered. “You have our full attention.”
Darius’ eyes shot across the table at her while a horrible thought came to him… how in the seven levels of Faustus was he ever to survive a week on a riverboat with her, in close quarters, when he was barely able to stand her as it was now. “Perhaps you and Kai’las should fly down there.” He coldly said.
Makaelah’s eyes narrowed. “Perhaps we should.”
“No…” Kai’las jumped in with his hands raised but his two companions kept their eyes locked on one another. “I was only making light of the situation. I do not think it wise for us to separate.”
Both glared at the other while Shadowhawk smirked, for they looked to her like they wanted to strangle each other. “This should be incredibly interesting.” The Elf muttered. “There is a good chance not all five of us will make it to the Plains of Aras alive.”
Kai’las silently watched Makaelah, feeling her anger as it started to rise. The moment he saw the first of the flames appear in her eyes he knew it was time to step in before something terrible happened. “Alright my friends, time for us to pack up.” His words caused Makaelah to turn away from the Warrior. “Our path has been decided, now it is time to find a Captain who has a riverboat available to transport us.” Kai’las waited until her anger started to recede before he addressed Darius. “Have you already someone in mind?”
“I do.” The Warrior rolled up the large parchment, making a point to avoid Makaelah’s eyes. “Captain Hereward. I have never met the man personally but his reputation precedes him. From what I have heard he is an honorable man and I hear he is in the city.” Darius bent over the table, blowing out the flames on the candles. “I have already sent word to him.”
They then went their separate ways, heading up to their rooms to pack their belongings. Once finished, the companions met again in the common area before leaving for the stables to retrieve their horses, setting out to catch the lift that would transport them down to the lower docks.
Being mounted on their horses, it did not take them too much time to walk the cobblestone streets of the lower portion of the city where they sold off their mounts, for they had no idea how long it would be before they made it back up to the city. They walked the last fifteen minutes to the docks on foot where the boats heading south were located. Within just a short time, the companions found who it was they were seeking, for the Captain and his boat, The Golden Lass, were all too well known in Jovian Falls. A tall middle-aged man, the Captain stood at six feet two inches with light brown hair he kept cut to just above his thick shoulders. A mustache and neatly trimmed beard sat on a square jaw. Luck was with the half-Gods that day, for he had just docked his boat only the night before. They agreed on a set amount of coin, half now and the other half paid upon safe passage to the West Plains of Aras.
“I cannot for the life of me understand why anyone would want to travel to that Gods forsaken place, but if it is your wish…” Captain Hereward’s gruff voice stated while scratching his graying beard. “So be it. Although I do have a few stops to make along the way to load some cargo. Should not take too long. Before we set sail, I will need a few supplies and…” He looked at his boat before turning to scan the businesses lining the riverfront. “I also seem to have to locate the rest of my crew. Give me one hour.”

CHAPTER
11

Jovian Falls was hectic as was usual when the demigods finally made their way in through the great river gate. City folk rushed about the crowded cobblestone streets while the traders called out their wares. Before entering the city, the companions had already decided it would be best to head directly to the Rabid Ferret Inn. There, they could discuss and contemplate what their next move would be.
“I wonder what they had unloaded from all of those carts.” Sir Tavannos voiced, motioning with a thumb over his shoulder. “Whatever it was is still burning.”
“Leftover remains of some sort of creature.” Tarakis replied. “They usually load them up in carts and take them outside the city gates to dispose of. They set them afire. Sometimes on a windy day the smell is horrid if you can imagine.”
“From what I smell here, it is not difficult to imagine.” Valen stated. “I would say the city just recently suffered through an attack.”
Airrak scanned around suspiciously. “All the more reason for us to find an Inn and stay off the streets.”
“Agreed.” Szarzekk grunted.
“Perhaps we should try and secure our passage south first.” Valen said.
Tarakis shook his head. “No, we cannot do that from here.” His companions stopped, giving him questioning looks.
“And why is that?” Sir Tavannos asked with a frown. “I think we all agree, it seems to be our priority.”
Tarakis halted and turned. “We cannot do that because we have to go to the docks below the falls to get a boat south.”
“Or perhaps we do not need a boat at all. We can go overland.” Added Airrak. “After all, we did leave our horses here.”
Valen shook his head. “It would take us much longer to travel by horse.”
“True.” Tavannos agreed. “But on the other hand we would be in control of our journey and not dependent on someone else to get us south.”
Valen scoffed. “Yes, but we would be facing over a month of travel. A journey by vessel is the better option.” He glanced at each of them. “I know you are all leery of another journey by boat after what happened on the Charybdis, trust me I am as well. But we are pressed for time.”
Airrak sighed. “Yes, well, perhaps we should first check to see if there is even a boat going south. As I do not think it is a well-traveled route, by water anyway.”
“I agree with that.” The Knight responded with a nod.
“As do I.” Added Szarzekk.
“Very well.” Valen said. “So, let us skip the Inn for now and head down to the lower docks.” He gestured at Tarakis. “Lead the way, Rogue.”
“Fine but we should collect your horses first.” He replied. “As it is quite a journey to get there.” They started off, heading to the nearby stables where their horses were being boarded when the Rogue turned back and said, “It just so happens I know a perfect Inn near the lower docks as well.” He gave them a curious look.
Valen gave him a sideways look. “Of course you do.”

†

A half an hour later, the half-Gods were on their horses, Tarakis on his magical mount, and headed for the lift that would take them down to the lower docks. Using a series of ropes and pulleys, the lift was a wooden platform, raising and lowering people and cargos between the city itself and the docks on Lake Leopold below.
Once on the platform it was only a few minutes before it reached the bottom of the cliffs separating the city proper from the lake below.
As well as the lower docks, a series of piers sat lakeside and across from them, directly below the cliffs, a line of shops, Inns, and other businesses, evidently established there to serve the myriad of ship crews and travelers passing through. 
“The Inn I spoke of is this way.” Tarakis said, gesturing with his head off to the left. “I have a contact there who will be able to tell us if any boats have recently come in that travel the southern route.”
Valen could not help but shake his head as the others exchanged concerned glances, though they all reluctantly urged their horses to follow the Rogue. As they made their way through the crowded streets, Valen did a doubletake, for out of the corner of his eyes he could have sworn he saw a brief passing of a being with large white wings. His eyes drifted around but the streets were so busy with people, whoever it was he saw was gone from his view.
Soon after, they were sitting atop their horses in front of what they assumed was their destination. Tarakis had already climbed down from his metallic mount, staring expectantly at the rest of them.
Like all the buildings lining the lower docks, the establishment appeared a bit run down. The sign hanging out front bore an anchor painted in its center which was slightly discolored.
“Welcome to The Rusty Anchor.” Tarakis said, then quietly uttered his command word, shrinking his magical horse back to its figurine size. The demigods glanced from him to the Inn, each with various looks of disbelief and scorn.
“You cannot be serious.” Valen remarked with both Sir Tavannos and Airrak nodding in agreement.
“One place is as good as another.” Szarzekk stated.
“Look…” Tarakis said, having seen their reluctance. “If we want to find discreet transport south, we have to go where these types frequent.” He paused for a moment, then added, “Just trust me, this is where we need to be.”
After some hesitance, his companions dismounted their horses, tethering them to the hitching post. 
Valen sighed and motioned with his hand. “Lead the way.” He said, then muttered to himself, “I am getting really tired of saying that.”
Inside, The Rusty Anchor was somewhat dark, a film of smoke hung in the air. The layout was typical of the many less expensive Inns and taverns which were very plentiful in Jovian Falls. Spread throughout the common room were about a dozen tables of various sizes, both round and square with either chairs or benches placed around them. Streaks of light poured in through the cracks along the wooden walls, making the dust in the air sparkle. A bar stood at the far end of the room with a doorway behind that led to the kitchen. Off to the right was a narrow staircase, leading up to the guest rooms. There was quite a large crowd in the common room, though unusually quiet, for it seemed no one was eager to have their conversations overheard. No one appeared to pay the demigods any heed when they entered the establishment.
Tarakis leaned in toward the others. “Take one of those unoccupied tables while I have a word with the Innkeeper.”
Valen’s eyes narrowed. “Another friend of yours?”
Tarakis glanced at the bar where the man stood absentmindedly wiping out a tankard with a rag. “No, I do not recognize the man.”
“I thought you said you were familiar with the place.” Sir Tavannos voiced, clearly uncomfortable.
The Rogue considered his response. “The place, yes, but not that man.” The others eyed him questioningly. Tarakis sighed irritably at having to explain himself. “I did know the Innkeep once upon a time, but who knows? Maybe he sold it or something befell him. Regardless, I know the type and I am sure we can get the same information from him.” He started to head for the bar but stopped a second to add with a wink, “for the right price, of course,” before he went to talk to the Barkeep.
They eyed one another for a moment, then slowly made their way to an open table. “Terrific, once again our fate is in the hands of the Rogue.” Tavannos could not help but say as they moved through the room.
The half-Gods were not sitting for very long before a young Barmaid came around. “What can I get you?”
Valen peered around at the others. “Four ales.”
“Three.” Szarzekk corrected, for it appeared his companions still had trouble remembering the Undead Warrior consumed no food or drink.
Valen nodded. “Three then.”
“And food, if you will.” Sir Tavannos politely interjected. “Bread and cheese would be good.”
The girl gave a meek nod, then left to fulfill their order. The three of them shot impatient glances at the counter, watching Tarakis, who seemed to be in a very discreet conversation with the man behind the bar. They could not tell exactly how it was going nor what they were discussing but they did see the Rogue slide a small leather bag across the bar to the other man, who readily accepted it.
 Shortly after, the Barmaid returned with their refreshments, setting the three tankards of ale down on the table, followed by a large tray of various breads and cheeses. “Is there anything else?” She asked while setting down a small crock of butter.
“No.” Valen answered. “That will do. Our thanks.” He handed the Barmaid three gold coins.
The girl, who had rarely seen actual gold coins, could barely contain her excitement. “Thank you, my Lords.” She managed to say. “Many, many thanks!” She walked away, bouncing happily.
Valen and Tavannos each grabbed an ale and dove hungrily into the tray of food. Airrak, who had been very quiet since they entered the Inn, made nary a move for food or drink, but instead sat staring off across the room, as if in a trance.
Seeing the state his comrade appeared to be in, Sir Tavannos turned to him. “Food? Drink, my friend?” The Mage did not respond, continuing to stare off. “Airrak!” The Knight nearly shouted to get his attention which seemed to bring him somewhat out of his trance. 
Slowly, Airrak gazed at Tavannos, then to the food and drink. He gradually reached for one of the ales. “Just drink.” Airrak said, sliding the tankard in front of him, though leaving the ale inside untouched. His eyes refocused once again across the room.
“Are you unwell, my friend?” Sir Tavannos could not help but ask.
“I am fine.” Airrak quietly replied without looking away. “Just a bit tired.”
The Knight doubted his dubious answer. He glanced at Valen and Szarzekk to convey his concern, but knowing his friend as well as he did, he chose not to push the issue. He was magi after all and some of their ways were most definitely odd. He gave a shrug and returned to the refreshments in front of them.
While his companions enjoyed their meal, Szarzekk had been keeping his eyes on Tarakis with the Barkeep. They appeared to have concluded their conversation when the man grabbed a bottle of green colored liquid from a shelf behind him, pouring some into a goblet and sliding it over in front of the Rogue. Tarakis accepted it readily, appeared to thank the man and was now moving to join them at their table.
Tarakis took a seat in an open chair, setting his drink down. “Ah, food! Good idea.” Reaching for bread and cheese, he began eating heartily. When he noticed the distant gaze in Airrak’s eyes, he stopped, a crust of bread halfway to his mouth. “What is wrong with him?” He asked, waving a hand in front of the Mage’s face.
Tavannos appeared offended. “Nothing is wrong with him. He is only tired.”
Valen gave an impatient sigh. “Well?” He asked, quite louder then he intended, for several patrons close to their table shot gazes in their direction. Valen regained his composure quickly, then quietly added, “What news?”
Tarakis took a large gulp from his goblet, wiping his mouth with a dirty hand. “I was getting to that.” Turning back to the food, he shoved a few more cubes of cheese into his mouth.
“Well, what is it?” Szarzekk asked, both he and Tavannos stared at him expectantly. “Is there a boat or are we to go overland?”
Tarakis took another large drink from his goblet. “There was a boat that just now departed. The Gold something… or maybe it was Lass.”
“Just now?” Valen’s eyes narrowed. “That does us no good.”
Tarakis nodded. “Right. I know that. But we are still in luck. There is another that leaves on the morn bound for Longpike.” His companions pinned him with various looks of concern. “I know, Longpike is much further than we need to go, so I had him arrange for us to be taken only as far as the fork of the Crystal River and the Vlon.”
Valen, upon hearing this, immediately thought of his home, Jwarl Avignon, which was very close to that point. He then recalled that the area was under the control of the Goblins of the Grinning Skull. He opened his mouth to speak, but Tarakis raised a hand. “I know, I know, the Goblins control the area.” He took another swig from his crystal goblet. The green liquid swirled, giving off a faint shimmer. “But, it is the closest point to the plains we can get to by boat.”
Valen nodded in agreement. “That is correct.” He said, then under his breath, added, “I hate to say he is right.”
“Besides…” Tarakis interjected. “I am sure we can handle a few Goblins, if need be.” He made a gesture with his hand, taking another swig of his drink.
“A few Goblins!” Valen practically yelled, losing his patience. “The Grinning Skulls do not come at you by a few.” He paused a moment. “They come at you in hordes! By the hundreds, sometimes even the thousands!”
“Then we shall have to be cautious.” Added Szarzekk calmly, who could see the logic in taking that particular route.
“Indeed.” Sir Tavannos agreed, chewing a mouthful of cheese. He eyed his magi friend, who appeared still lost in thought, the ale in front of him left untouched. Tavannos frowned but remained silent.
“So, we are agreed?” Tarakis asked, taking another drink from his goblet eagerly.
“I do not know about agreed, but it does appear to be our best option.” Valen said, eyeing the Rogue as he took another swig from his cup. “What is that you are drinking?” He pointed at the goblet. “You seem to be exceedingly enjoying it.”
“This?” Tarakis replied, holding up his cup. “This is Emerald Fire Elixir.”
“Emerald Fire Elixir?” Sir Tavannos drew the words out slowly. “What in the seven levels of Faustus is that?”
“It is an elven wine of some sort.” Valen interjected. “My consort has partaken of it from time to time.”
“It is much more than that!” Tarakis spoke up, excitedly. “It is brewed in the Elven City of Illaria, and it, besides being delicious, amplifies the senses and… I can tell you from experience…” He let out a chuckle. “That it is extremely pleasurable, in the right circumstance.”
Szarzekk just shook his head while Valen let out a long sigh and Tavannos, again noticing that Airrak had remained silent through the entire discussion of their proposed route as well as Tarakis’ rant, began to think something was wrong. “Airrak?” He said, receiving no response. The Mage continued to only stare off. Sir Tavannos took ahold of his shoulder, giving it a shake. “Airrak, my friend.”
The motion appeared to finally get the Mage’s attention. He slowly turned his head and gazed at him, eventually recognition coming into his eyes. “Tavannos?” Airrak quietly uttered.
“What is it?” Sir Tavannos asked, clearly as concerned as were the others. Although Tarakis looked to be enjoying his drink far too much, for he was smiling profusely.
“Something is amiss here.” Airrak responded after a few moments.
“What do you mean?” Valen asked, his eyes narrowing. “What is amiss?”
The Mage took some time before responding. “There is magic in the air and it is not mine.” At his comment, they peered at him with looks of deeper concern, even Tarakis leaned forward, his elbows on the table.
Valen frowned. “Magic? From someone here inside the Inn?”
Szarzekk scanned the crowd, trying to determine if anyone appeared to be watching them.
Airrak shook his head. “I do not believe it is coming from anywhere within the Inn, but rather from somewhere outside.” The Mage suddenly appeared to go back into his trance, deep in concentration.
“Not from within the Inn?” Valen’s voice raised. “Then from where… who?” 
Tarakis said nothing, though he had a pretty good idea of who it might be.
“Valen.” Tavannos said, his hands raised. “Just keep it down and let him do what he will. He will find out who or what it is.” The Warrior raised an eyebrow and peered at the Knight, somewhat irritated, but kept quiet, letting the Mage work while he stayed on guard. Sir Tavannos noted the concern and discomfort in his companions. “I promise you, he will find the source.”

‡

As was usual, it was cold and dim in the Dark Praetorium. At that particular moment two individuals stood near the center of the circular room, concentrating on the pedestal that had been temporarily set up near the pentagram. Upon the pedestal sat a large bowl filled with a luminescent liquid. Osremyer held his hands out before him, his palms facing the bowl while mumbling words under his breath.
Alenia eyed him impatiently, unable to contain herself no longer. “Well? Can you find them or not?”
The Darkman glared at her with annoyance. “Yes, I can. Now, do not interrupt my concentration again. Just continue to watch.” He turned away from her and went back to his spellcasting.
Alenia shot him a venomous glance but turned to watch the shimmering liquid inside the bowl. It was incredibly cloudy with various colors swirling around, though slowly the clouds began to part and a picture started coming into focus. It took a few moments, but eventually, a clear picture was soon shown. Alenia watched intently at the scene unfolding before her. It was obviously the inside of a very crowded tavern. She continued to gaze as the picture eventually centered on one group of people, her eyes lighting up with instant recognition. “The so-called immortals.” She uttered. “Sound?” Alenia snapped. “I need to hear what they are saying.”
Osremyer ignored her, continuing to mumble his words of magic. Soon, voices and general noise started to come through the bowl, though at first it was just a cacophony of noise with nothing in particular discernible.
Alenia watched as the Rogue sat down at the table with the others, but still, she could hear nothing which made any sense. “This does me no good.” She emphatically said. “I have to hear what they are saying.” She listened intently for anything that would give her a clue as to their next action and very slowly the words they were speaking started to become a little more clear. It seemed they were discussing an issue with the Mage, though she could not make out what it was. After some time, she was eventually able to make out the words ‘magic in the air’ and ‘outside the inn’. This puzzled her but she finally began wondering if they were talking about the scrying that Osremyer was doing. The way the group searched around, as if on guard, made her believe they were indeed aware of something going on.
Alenia hesitated saying anything to Osremyer but it was obvious to her all was not right. Do they know they are being watched? She thought. Since she still could not clearly hear what was being said, Alenia had no way of knowing. After a few more moments of watching, her eyes made contact with the Mage and in that moment she realized they had indeed detected the scrying. The liquid in the bowl began to bubble, as if it were starting to boil, the picture beginning to blur.
“Uh…” Alenia uttered. “Osremyer! What is going on?” Steam began to rise from the bowl. “Darkman!” She shouted, attempting to get his attention.
The mage shook his head, coming out of his trance. “What is happening?”
“That is what I would like for you to tell me!” She shouted as the liquid in the bowl boiled over the edges.
“We have been detected.” Was all the Darkman could muster to say.
“Oh, you think so?” Alenia shot back, her eyes narrowed. “Brilliantly deducted, you Kruzud.” 
She barely got the insult out as the bowl flew from the pedestal in an explosion of boiling liquid and steam. Alenia and Osremyer were covered in the mess, both burned to various degrees. Although minor, the burns were still very painful, taking them a few moments to compose themselves.
Alenia stood glaring at the Darkman with a look that would have killed a lesser man. Eventually, she got herself together enough to say, “Well, that was a huge help.” Osremyer only fixed her with an equally hateful glare. “Not only do we not know what their plans are…” She paused a moment. “But now they are also aware that they are being watched.”
The Darkman shook his head, giving a deep sigh. “I suppose we will have to do this the hard way.”
“Hmm.” Alenia’s jaw tightened. “For once we agree. Well…” She smiled dryly. “I will let you report to the master where we stand.”
“Fine. I will take care of it.” He grumbled.
Her eyes drifted over the disarray caused from the scrying mishap. “Good. And gather everything up. We fly south.” She turned and walked out of the Dark Praetorium.
Osremyer’s black eyes narrowed as he watched her step out the door. “Yes, and perhaps you just might fall off the great beast on our way south… bitch.”

‡

Inside The Rusty Anchor, the half-Gods took the time to scan the crowd, trying to decide what they should do. Airrak still sat in deep concentration, oblivious to what was going on around him.
“Maybe we should change Inns.” Offered Valen.
Sir Tavannos nodded, rubbing his chin. “Or just leave the city and be on our way.”
“I think we should give it a short while.” Szarzekk said. “To see if we can determine where it is coming from.”
“Give it a short while?” Tarakis interjected while sipping from his goblet. “And how, pray tell, do we do that?”
Valen raised a brow, eyeing him sideways. “Go back to your elixir, Rogue.”
The demigods spoke over one another, offering their various suggestions of their course of action. It was clear they had concerns regarding the source of the magic, though they were unable to come to any kind of cohesive solution.
“PEACE!” Airrak suddenly shouted, inducing several patrons to turn and stare a moment. Appearing to have come out of his trance, he eyed his comrades, cleared his throat, and continued, albeit quieter. “Peace, my friends. I have taken care of the problem.”
The others halted their discussion and eyed the Mage skeptically. “Are you alright, my friend?” Tavannos finally asked.
Airrak smoothed out his robes, appearing a bit confused at first. He glanced up at them. “Yes, yes, I am quite alright.”
“You are alright?” Valen replied with a touch of sarcasm. “Well, that is great.” He laid a hand on the Mage’s shoulder. “But would you mind telling us exactly what just happened?”
Sir Tavannos looked irritated by the forcefulness of the question and opened his mouth to speak up when Airrak put his hand on the Knight’s shoulder. “It is alright, they deserve an answer.” Seeing a tankard of ale sitting in front of him, Airrak took a drink, then composed himself. “The bottom line is that someone, somewhere close by, was scrying on us, trying to ascertain what we are going to do next.”
“Well, who was it?” Valen and Sir Tavannos shouted together in unison. The two of them exchanged a frown before turning back to the Mage.
“And what did they learn?” Szarzekk asked, somewhat quieter.
Airrak shook his head. “I do not know who it was. Nor do I know exactly what they learned if anything.” His companions all showed various degrees of concern at his words and, seeing their dispositions, the Mage added, “What I can tell you is that I was able to sever their connection after only a couple of minutes.” This seemed to placate the others, but not alleviate all of their concerns. 
“Well…” Valen finally said. “I suppose we will just have to be extra cautious from here on out.”
“I agree.” Said Szarzekk. “There really is not much more we can do except remain on guard and continue.”
Sir Tavannos regarded Airrak, who nodded, and Tarakis, who only sat staring at the table. After a few moments, the Knight said, “Very well, then I suggest we lie low, retire to our rooms and catch our boat in the morning, carrying on.”
On the way to their rooms, Valen peered down at Tarakis. “You were unusually quiet during our discussion. Anything wrong?”
Tarakis looked up at him. “Not a thing. I am just tired.”
Valen shook his head faintly, for he had never heard the Rogue make such a comment before. He said no more, continuing to his room when screams erupted from outside the Inn. As Tarakis turned back towards him, Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos both poked their heads outside of their doorways. “I am going to have a look.” Valen stated.
“I will join you.” The Undead Warrior replied, having already closed the door behind him. “I heard more piercing cries as I entered my room. Something is amiss this night.”
Sir Tavannos stepped out into the hallway. “Airrak requires his rest. But I will join you as well.”
Valen nodded, then cast his eyes down at the Rogue. “That elixir has altered your state of mind, enjoyable as it was. Get some rest.” He said, before rushing off with the Knight and Szarzekk.
“You do not have to tell me twice.” Tarakis mumbled. He turned and shuffled into his room, kicking the door closed before he fell onto the bed, asleep as he head hit the pillow.

†

When the three of them stepped outside, they had no idea at first what was occurring. City folk ran past them, screaming while glancing behind, as if they were being chased by something horrendous.
Valen rushed over and stopped a woman who ran by. The terror in the woman’s eyes told him it had to have been something horrifying. “What is it? What are you running from?”
The woman trembled, pointing back the other way. She swallowed hard. “Vur… Vurbalar.”
Valen frowned. “Vurbalar? In the city?” She nodded. He let her go and the woman took off running once again.
“What are Vurbalar?” Sir Tavannos asked.
“Scum of the Broken Lands.” Valen sneered. “Someone had to have let them into the city.” He scanned around. “Where is Szarzekk?”
The Undead Warrior reached the end of docks, seeing the carnage that lie about. Bodies of city folk who were not fortunate to get away fast enough lay either dead or dying along the street. One of the lanky green skinned creatures was yards away, standing over a helpless city man, slicing him to pieces with its clawed hands. Szarzekk unsheathed his weapons and rushed at the beast. Hearing the Undead Warrior approach, the Vurbalar turned its yellow eyes upon him and growled before charging. One swing of his great axe crushed the beast’s skull in and it instantly dropped. A growl came from Szarzekk’s left as another rushed at him. He spun, whirling his great sword across its mid-section, cutting it in half. Turning around, he slammed his great axe into another creature’s chest, sending it flying across the street.
Valen and Sir Tavannos raced to the end of the docks finding their undead companion in a rage. The Knight ducked as a green head flew over him, then exchanged a brief glance with the Warrior.
“Sometimes I miss a good sword fight.” Valen mumbled as he cut off the clawed hand of a Vurbalar who rushed at him. It growled, upper fangs gleaming as it pushed towards him with fury. He brought his blade up in an arc and back down, slicing the creature’s head off. The Warrior pressed forward as another came his way. The Vurbalar lurched at him, but Valen slammed it aside with his blade and moved away, the move making a deep cut in the creature’s mid area, though it was not fatal, nor did it hinder it in any way. The beast sprang forward with a growl and Valen swiped his sword horizontally, nearly slicing the creature in half.
The Knight’s blade went down, making a deep cut to the creature’s upper leg. It grunted in pain and sprang forward, swiping its claws at Sir Tavannos. He stepped aside and thrust his sword out, striking the Vurbalar through the side. The beast dropped on its knees, wounded, as another rushed in to take its place with its claws swiping ferociously at the Knight. Sir Tavannos whirled his sword around with a downward swing, slicing the Vurbalar through the shoulder and out the middle. The beast fell in two pieces, blood and guts seeping along the docks. He eyed the other one which was still on its knees and barely saw the Vurbalar’s yellow eyes glare at him right before Szarzekk’s great axe slammed into its skull.
The three immortals stood silently surveying the area for several long moments. “Looks to be all of them.” Valen finally said.
“It appears so.” Szarzekk replied, looking through his blood splattered helm.
Valen nodded. “Good.” His eyes drifted around at the bloody scene before them. “We should go back to the Inn. This is not my idea of laying low.”
“Nor mine.” Sir Tavannos voiced, kneeling to wipe his sword on one of the bodies before he sheathed it. “But we had to do something. It would not have been right to sit back while these good people were left to their own defenses. They would have been slaughtered.”
“A lot of them were slaughtered.” Valen replied, eyeing the bodies of the city folk lying about. “And yes, perhaps some of them were good people, but it is obvious someone let those creatures into the city.”
“Agreed.” Szarzekk said.
Valen motioned with his hands. “Where are the Paladins? Where is the City Guard? Something is not right here.”
“I do not know.” The Knight stated with a frown. “This is not a city which I am greatly familiar with. Perhaps your questions would be better directed at someone who knows the city well. For instance, the Rogue.”
“Perhaps.” Valen said, giving the area another glance. “But it can wait until the morrow when he is of sound mind. Right now I need sleep.” He turned and started walking off.
Szarzekk gave a silent nod and moved to follow.
“Right now?” Sir Tavannos asked with concern. “What about all of this?” He motioned around at all the carnage.
Valen stopped and turned back. “What about it? The city will deal with it. I am not a housekeeper.” He peered around one last time. “We need to get off the streets.” 

‡

High atop his Black Citadal, the God of Evil stood at the enormous floor to ceiling window, looking out over the Broken Lands, watching as several streaks of lightning struck down across the smoke covered ground. As with most of his siblings, the God was tall, standing at six foot, four inches with red streaks in is slick raven hair, a neatly trimmed mustache and goatee to match. His skin had a slight greenish gray tint, fitting well with the pitch of his eyes. In the form he was in, his natural Godly form, he chose robes of black with silver lining. His hands held the Rod of Dominion, two and a half feet in length with a large diamond shaped blood ruby encrusted in the flared bottom and a five inch round dark marble stone sitting at the top. The Rod symbolized dominion over all.
Arrôz longed to leave his Black Citadal. It had been too long since Qadan had placed his curse upon him, forcing him to remain there, a prisoner. Of course he had plans, which were already set in motion, that would allow him a way to escape. To come and go as he pleased. But he must be patient, for the plans took time and skill to come to fruition.
A knocking on the door drew his attention away from his thoughts. “Enter.” Arrôz voiced, turning away from the window.
The large set of double doors opened, allowing his son, Tark-volmar to step into the room. “My Lord.” He said, bowing before he even closed the doors.
“Yes, close the doors and come in. I have been waiting for you to return.” The God took a seat in a plush black chair, motioning for his son to take the one across from him. “Tell me what you have learned.”
“I have watched the ten of them progress.” Tark-volmar said as he took his seat. “While the Fae and Celeyian and perhaps even the Undead creature already appear to have fully progressed, the remaining seven grow in their powers almost daily.”
Arrôz scoffed. “Yes, well, I have come to expect that with those of Godly lineage. Do you have any information for me on the weapons of power?”
The half-God shook his head. “Not at this time, my Lord. They never speak of them.”
“So, you do not even know yet which of the weapons they are seeking first?”
“Not at this time, father.”
Arrôz was thoughtful for a moment. “I have tried scrying on all of them. Countless times. It appears my siblings have placed a veil around them, keeping me from even getting a glimpse of them.” Red flames sprouted in his black eyes when he looked over at his son. “It frustrates me.” His voice rose. “I have to rely on you and Grorrus and every useless being to get the information to me.”
“Apologies, father.” Tark-volmar replied. “But I assure you, I am being extremely attentive.”
The God took a moment to calm himself. “Yes, I am aware you are. But you cannot imagine what it has been like for me, to be locked in here all of this time. We are so close, my son. This time I can feel it.”
The demigod gazed out the window, seeing the Darksun in the distance. “Two of them believe they were sired by the God of War. Perhaps if we had more immortals who were aligned with us.”
The God stared at his son a moment, then nodded, smiling slightly. “I have been working on that.” Arrôz picked up a decanter of blue liquid from the table beside him, pouring some into a goblet. “Do you know who sired the others? Besides the Celeyian. That one is obviously Allassidel’s and the Undead belongs to the Lady Vaylerus.”
Tark-volmar shook his head. “Not at this time. Not for certain anyways. But the elf resembles Tha’Lanil too much not to be his.”
“Of course.”
“And the Knight… his traits are much like the God of Justice.”
Arrôz laughed. “Sir Arandron. I must admit, I did not see that one.” He smoothed out his robes. “What about the Fae?” 
“I do not know, father. That one puzzles me. It would have to had been one of the Goddesses though. His father is Rhaak’Var, the Seelie King.”
The God rubbed his pointed goatee in thought. “Keep on them and learn what you can. And report to me any new findings immediately.”
“Yes, my Lord.” The demigod said as he came to his feet. He gave a bow and left the room.
“I am assuming you heard all of that.” Arrôz said a moment later.
“I did.” A hidden panel in the wall opened and a large form stepped out. “How did you know I was here?”
“I heard you walk up the steps. Everything echoes down there and you are the only one who does not come through the front entrance.” Arrôz took a sip of his wine. “You should have come in. My son would not have minded seeing you, Koron.”
“I did not want to interrupt.” The God of Malice replied as he came to stand before him. Like his twin brother, Bronn, he had the same gray eyes with light brown hair, which he wore slicked back.
Arrôz eyed the broad God, taking in his black full plate mail. “It was interesting what my son said.”
Koron nodded. “Yes, no doubt. I had no idea my brother sired two sons. It appears I do not know him as well as I thought.”
“And what about you, Koron? Does Bronn know about Grorrus?”
“Yes, of course he knows about Grorrus. They all do. I have never kept my son a secret from any of our siblings. Fools that they are.”
“So, you do not know which of our siblings sired them?”
Koron casually took the chair across from him, taking a few moments in thought. “Besides Allassidel and the Lady Vaylerus, I think your son may be correct about the elf and the knight. But the others…” He shook his head.
“Have Grorrus get one of his followers on them. I want to learn more. And talk with our siblings who are aligned with us. I want to know if any of them have sired demigods of their own. We need to bring more onto our side. If those immortals get to all three weapons before us then we will have to move in and take them. Either way, I will have them.”

CHAPTER
12

Arendon stood on the highest rooftop, looking down at the darkened city. Like all Celeyians, his hair was long and silver in color, flowing well past the middle of his broad back and his golden skin shimmered lightly with a slight silver glimmer. Wearing bronze soft armor with thick boots, standing at six foot six, which alone made him extremely intimidating. Arendon took a deep, shuddering breath, his mind wandering back four days ago to that fateful meeting…

He walked through the door into the Dark Praetorium, his appearance striking and notably different from others in the darkened room. Arendon’s metallic silver eyes immediately found who it was he was seeking. The lighting was dim in the large circular room, but with his keen Celeyian eyes, he was able to see clearly. His large wings brushed across the floor as he worked his way further into the room. Arendon stepped closer to the center pentagram where a four foot image of Arrôz floated inches above the floor.
The God’s image revealed him sitting in a lush black chair, reading from a book. Once Arendon stood before the image, Arrôz looked up and smiled faintly, though the grin appeared strange on his face. “You are late. Lucky for you, I am patient.”
“Yes.” He calmly said while shifting his stance. “I had some difficulty getting away.”
“That is understandable.” Arrôz replied and then added, “But do not ever keep me waiting again.” He paused a moment, looking the divine being over from head to toe. “I must say, I was surprised when you contacted me. I asked myself, what could this creature of the divine offer me, the God of Evil, that I would actually desire? So, I ask you now, what is it you have to offer me?”
“I am not here to play games. I think you know the answer to this already.” Arendon coldly replied.
“Hmm.” Arrôz glared at the Seraph, rubbing his chin in thought. “And you have it? The stone?”
Arendon’s stare met the God’s eyes while trying his best to remain as calm as possible. “No, but I know where it is. I will be able to get it.”
“Interesting. You have my attention.” Arrôz closed his book and set it aside. “What are your conditions? What do you want for it?”
“The immortals... those who search for the weapons.”
“Ah, yes.” Arrôz nodded. “Well, since you obviously do not care for the fate of mere humans nor those… other creatures, I assume it is the female Celeyian you are concerned with.” Arendon inclined his head. “So, she is the one who carries the stone I assume… and you say you will just take it from her and give it to me? Tell me what you want.”
“I want her life spared. I will give it to you on the condition that no harm will come to her...EVER!”
Arrôz gazed at the Celeyian, seemingly contemplating his next words. “Fine.” The God sneered. “We have a deal.”
Arendon shook his head. “I want your word.” He knew it was probably not the wisest choice for him to speak to the God of Evil in such a way, but he would take no less than the God’s word. Once given, any God, be them good or evil would stand by it no matter the circumstance.
Arrôz sighed. “You have my word. I will not harm little sister.” When he saw the look of surprise on the Celeyian’s face, Arrôz smirked. “Oh, you did not think I knew you were my brother’s son. How is the Lord of the Angelic Host, by the way? Still full of goodness I suppose. What did father do to make you betray him so? It must have been something. Why else would you be willing to strike a deal with little old me.”
Arendon’s jaw twitched from tension. “I have not betrayed him.”
“Hmm. So you say.” He sighed. “Very well, I grow bored of this conversation. If you have another condition speak it now. I may not be able to leave my home but I still have much to do. Lands to destroy. People to torture. So be quick about it.”
“I have no other conditions.” No one was more important to him than Makaelah and he was aware of Arrôz’s plans to slay her while taking the Heart of Celeya. She was powerful, true, but he had no idea how she would fare against an army of the God’s servants. No, the stone was not worth her life, as far as Arendon was concerned.
“There must be something you desire.” Arrôz grinned wickedly. “How would you like to become the ruler of Celeya?”
Arendon shook his head. “The ruler of Celeya?” He narrowed his eyes. “Why would you do this?”
Arrôz smirked. “I would much rather see you on the throne than that bitch Ambassador who holds it now. I realize she is your mother, but you at least have a darkness in your heart.”
Arendon hissed, his silver eyes glowing. “There is nothing dark about me.”
“There it is.” He said with his finger raised. “I know what these Rystarrians here call you. The Ire Angel. And I am assuming it is not because you show them mercy.” The God of Evil smiled, though it did not reach his eyes. A few silent moments passed between them. “Oh, very well, you make this too easy for me, but if you insist on just the one condition, then so be it. Get the stone from your beloved sister and let me know once you have it.” Arendon nodded shortly. “Tell me, how do you plan on taking the stone from your sister? I doubt she would just offer it up to you.”
The Seraph growled. “Do not concern yourself with it. I will take care of my end of our agreement. You take care of yours.”
“Very well.” The God paused. “Oh, and so you know… if you betray me, I will not only kill your precious sister, I will also annihilate Celeya. The Celeyians will cease to exist. Once I have those three weapons I will have the power to do just that.” The image of Arrôz blinked out and the Seraph let go of the breath he had been holding.

Arendon’s thoughts came back to the present and his jaw clenched. To think that he had made such an arrangement with the God of Evil filled him with disgust. But what mattered most to him was the safety of his sister, Arrôz would be the one to help with that. Although no matter how many times Arendon told himself that, it still made him feel no better. 

‡

Octavia took a seat across the long table from her father, slipping a long lock of raven hair behind her ear as she picked up her goblet and took a long swallow of wine, her blue eyes lingering on the God of Evil.
“Good of you to finally join me, Octavia.” Arrôz calmly said, his voice holding next to no emotion towards his demigod daughter.
“Apologies father, I was delayed.” Setting down her glass, she lifted her utensils and began cutting the large chunk of seasoned beef.
The God’s black eyes narrowed on her. “I have not seen you in five days. I would not think it too much to ask that you are punctual when asked to join me.”
“Yes, father.”
“Yes, my Lord.” Arrôz sneered.
Octavia set down her utensils and lowered her eyes. “Yes, my Lord.”
“Very good. You may continue.” The God said with a nod. 
“Thank you, my Lord.” She responded, taking a drink from her goblet before continuing with her meal. Octavia waited a few moments before speaking once again. “May I ask if the male Celeyian made contact with you?”
Arrôz grinned. “Yes, as I knew he would. It went exactly as I had expected. My little trick had succeeded. Better to let that one worry about the stone, for I have enough to deal with.”
“Too bad the female Celeyian has to be spared.”
“True, but if big brother can get me the stone, it will be well worth it. Qadan’s curse would be a concern no longer. I would be able to come and go as I please.” Arrôz brushed down on his pointed goatee, his eerie eyes gazing off in thought. “Anywhere in the entire multiverse.”

‡

The Golden Lass, with a crew of twenty-three, was a large eighty-foot vessel which had seen many journeys up and down the Crystal River. Across one side of the boat, a wooden bench ran along the inner rail, which served as seating, though its main purpose was to store items. Towards the front, above the galley and small mess room sat two large masts and sails and at the center of the vessel a ladder was in place that led below to the cargo hold. Although, the boat was also equipped with a large hatch for transporting sizeable cargo, such as horses. At the quarterdeck sat the cabins. A small hallway ran off the main door with two small cabins on each side of the hallway, each one consisting of an incredibly narrow cot, a small bedside table, and a porthole window. At the very end of the hallway was the Captain’s cabin which was double the size of the others.
The companions had to make quite the adjustments during the first couple of days on the river. Not one of them could stand being in their confined quarters and their only other options were either staying on deck, the crowded mess room or going below. Most the time, they chose the first option, which was also where they ate most of their meals, preferring to be out in the fresh air.
Shadowhawk had learned a few things of herself during her stay on the river and one of those was how she loathed living on water. She much preferred to have both feet on solid ground and could not understand how some could go months or even years without ever touching it. But then, she was raised in the wilds of the forests of Greenmar where their only water was used for drinking, eating, or bathing. The Elf was seated on the bench which butted up to the side of the cabins, logging her thoughts down in her journal. It was something she attempted to do one or two times a week, though lately she had been neglecting it. It surprised her and broke her concentration when Darius took a seat. She looked up from her journal, locking eyes with him. He was not wearing his typical armor, just leather breeches and boots with a tan undershirt which made him look out of place to Shadowhawk and he had been nursing a mug of ale for the last hour, which also appeared strange. 
“I did not invite you to join me.” She coldly informed him.
“Yes, I am fully aware. I just thought we might converse for a moment. There was something I wished to ask you. Ofttimes the others are close and well, at this moment they seem…” Darius’ eyes drifted to the other end of the deck where Makaelah and Kai’las stood laughing with their heads together. A muscle twitched in his jaw as it clenched up. “Otherwise occupied.”
She turned to regard the other two before addressing him. “What is it?”
“It was something which came to me while traveling and I had not yet the opportunity to ask of it. Tell me what fear you have of Dark Wood.”
Shadowhawk shifted uncomfortably. This man before her was the last person on Rystarr she wished to be discussing this with. “You are mistaken. I have no fear of Dark Wood.”
Darius eyed her for a time. Considering how tense she became the instant he mentioned the woods, he was certain she was not being truthful. He sighed deeply. “It may help for you to talk of it.”
Shadowhawk closed her journal and leaned forward. “Ah, so you would like to help me, would you? Well, perhaps we can help one another.” She had all his attention now if she did not have it before, for he himself leaned forward as well. “I will tell you my feelings of Dark Wood if you tell me why you falsely claim to despise Makaelah.”
Darius took a sharp breath and leaned back in his seat once again, his expression growing cold and unreadable. “I assure you; I feign nothing.”
Her laugh was without humor. “So you say, yet you look upon her with a yearning in your eyes.” Shadowhawk could not understand it, for since they had met the Celeyian in the forest of Janardan he had acted as though he detested her, often going out of his way to treat her with contempt. “You hide your feelings behind a mask of anger. Pretending to be that which you are not.”
Darius’ eyes narrowed, his normally warm blue eyes turning cold. “I wear no mask.” He immediately stood; his fists clenched at his sides. “I have no reason to pretend when the anger is always there.” He whispered in her face before storming off.
“Perhaps I was wrong.” The Elf muttered, shrugging a shoulder with a smirk set on her face. Her remark had its intended effect.

†

The night was exceptionally dark when Darius took a seat on the back edge of the boat, his legs hanging over the railing while he looked out at the dark water as he found himself doing quite often. It was the only place he could find to be alone with his thoughts which was not a confined eight by eight room. “Bloody Elf.” He whispered, taking a swig from his flask of whiskey. What made matters worse was the fact that she was right, in part. He did despise Makaelah, as he should, but at the same time he was also captivated by the Celeyian, and that was what angered him. He felt as though he were dishonoring his people, his brother.
“What ails you, Darius?” A soft feminine voice asked from behind.
Darius did not need to turn around for him to know that Melara Hereward, the Captain’s daughter stood behind him. Melara had been trying to get to him since the day they left Jovian Falls but Darius was in no mood for it, a sure sign he was losing his mind. “Melara. Nothing ails me.”
“It did not sound so to me.” She dropped down next to the Warrior, wrapping her legs around him from the side. “You are angry.”
“Yes.”
“Perhaps I can help.” She offered while laying a hand on his chest. “Help calm your anger.”
Darius gave her a sideways glance. Melara was a beauty and about ten years younger than him with long dark hair which made her striking grey eyes stand out. The type of woman he would be more than happy to share his bed with... on most nights. “Not tonight, Melara.” He pulled her hand away. “Perhaps Kai’las can give you what you desire. Go and call on him.”
“Hmph. He will not leave the Celeyian’s side throughout the day.” She rolled her eyes. “I have even attempted to speak with him when he is alone on deck at night when all others have retired.”
Darius peered at her. “And?”
“And he wants nothing to do with me.” Melara uttered.
He brushed a hand through his hair. “Maybe you are not his type.” He looked away, gazing out at the dark water.
Melara scoffed. “I am every man’s type. He is just too distracted.”
Darius sighed. “They are friends Melara.” He took another drink of whiskey. “You should go. I fear I am not much for conversation this night.”
“It is not conversation I seek.” She replied, grabbing the whiskey from his hands, and taking a long swallow. She passed the flask back to him. “Now, are you going to turn me away as well?”
“I should…”
“But?”
Darius took ahold of her, lifting her easily and setting her onto his lap, pulling her up against him. Melara giggled as she wrapped her legs around him tight, returning his hungry kiss.

†

They were halfway through their monotonous voyage, having already made three quick cargo stops along the way. The companions were sitting topside near the quarterdeck eating breakfast, all appearing lost in their own thoughts. 
While Makaelah finished the last of her cheese and fruit she thoughtfully regarded the Elf who sat a few paces away from her. “May I ask what part of Rystarr you are from, Shadowhawk?”
The Elf, who was suspicious of most anyone who was not her kin, only stared at her a moment before she narrowed her eyes. “Why do you wish to know?”
“I am only curious.” Makaelah said, but when Shadowhawk did not reply after several seconds, the Celeyian shook her head. “Apologies, I do not mean to pry. It is not often I find myself in the company of one of the Fair Folk.” Makaelah had hoped the slight compliment would ease any suspicions the Elf may have, though it did not help when Kai’las, who had just taken a drink of water, spit it out in a fit of coughing.
 Shadowhawk’s expression instantly changed to at first pride and then embarrassment. “Apologies, Commander, this past month or so of our travels have been... well, I do not often leave the forest you see.” She relaxed and leaned back on the bench. “It has been a long time since I have been in the company of those of a race other than my own.” She actually gave a slight smile. “And surely not one of the divine.”
“It is understandable. Your apology is not necessary. Please, tell me of your home.” Makaelah was fully aware that Kai’las was listening as well, even though he would never admit to it.
“My home is in the village capital of Greenmar.” Shadowhawk said with obvious pride. “Just west of here but hidden deeply within the forest. We will soon be nearing it.” She paused a moment in thought, her smile deepening when she continued to speak. It was the first time Makaelah had seen the Elf show such emotion. “The trees are thick with foliage year-round and the forest floor is covered in rare blossoms. Our homes are built high up in the ancient oaks and elms with more than a hundred suspension bridges running throughout.”
“It sounds truly beautiful.”
“Well wonders never cease.” Kai’las whispered into the Seraph’s ear. “She does show emotion.” When Shadowhawk looked out at the water, Makaelah took that moment to elbow him in the ribs while keeping her attention on the Elf. “Ow!” He yelped, rubbing the hurt area. “You are lucky I care about you.”
Shadowhawk turned back, oblivious of their exchange as her mood suddenly darkened. “I will be honest… I did not wish to leave my home to attend the meeting in Pembrook. When I spoke to my Queen of the urges or… feelings I was experiencing to travel north she insisted that I trust what I was feeling. She was the one who directed me to Pembrook. Queen Avonliel has the foresight you see.” She looked at Makaelah, her eyes showing concern. “I have been wondering since our meeting with the Librarian if Avonliel already had known that I was an offspring of a God… although my entire life she spoke nothing of it to me.”
The boat suddenly jolted sharply, causing their breakfast bowls to go flying, the food scattering. Both Xilton and Shadowhawk tumbled from the bench to the deck and when the boat started tilting to one side the Elf slid across the deck, coming to rest on the other side. Chaos erupted as the Captain began shouting out orders to his crew.
“Captain...” Darius called. “What has happened?”
“We struck a couple of large boulders.” Hereward exclaimed as he rushed past them.
Darius followed after him. “Can I help?”
The Captain stopped and eyed him. “Yes, come with me.”
Makaelah immediately shot into the air, extending her wings as she glided around the entirety of the outer portion of the vessel. Moments later, the crew gave her curious looks when she landed back on the deck where her companions awaited. “The damage appears to be on this end, beneath the cabins. They are having difficulties controlling the vessel.” She looked at Kai’las. “Can you not help them?”
“I can.” He replied, glancing around while the crew members fought to get control of the boat which was running at an odd angle. “Though with this many eyes on me, I will be exposed.” He gave a half grin. “But since when have I ever worried about that? Perhaps they will believe me to be a spellcaster.” Kai’las rushed off towards the bow with his companions following close on his heels. Once he reached the railing, he raised his hands and the water surrounding the vessel took on a luminescent glow. Seeing the water, the crew members stopped what they were doing and lifted their gazes to Kai’las standing at the bow. The water swirled slightly as the boat slowly turned, straightening out and gliding back into a forward position. When the water returned to normal, the Fae turned, seeing all their looks of awe. He tilted his head to the side as he regarded them, clearing his throat. “I assume you have never before witnessed the workings of mage?” The crewmen bobbed their heads, talking amongst themselves as they all took several steps back, seemingly troubled by what they had just witnessed. Kai’las raised a brow at their alarmed faces. “Silly little crewmen. Do you not recognize help when you see it?” He turned to step away, leaving the men cowering.
Shadowhawk threw him a level look as the four of them walked away.
Kai’las took a sharp breath. “Do not look at me like that, D’ae Feon. I am annoyed.”
“They cannot help that they are afraid of you, Kai’las.” Xilton chimed in but he chose to remain quiet and not reply, his jaw clenched tightly shut.
As the demigods headed back towards the backend of the vessel, they passed the Captain, who was barking out orders to his crewmen, telling them to get below deck and patch the hole.
Xilton crouched on the bench near the quarterdeck and looked down over the railing, knowing it was the general area of the boat where the damage was. “Do you think it has taken on much water?”
“It is difficult to know for certain at this time.” Kai’las said, taking a seat near the Monk. “They will have to pull into a dock to assess the damage.”
“The nearest one is at Crystal Lake.” Shadowhawk remarked, bending down to retrieve her journal which had fallen from her grasp when she took her tumble across the deck.
Makaelah glanced at the crewmen, rushing around the boat, before addressing Kai’las. “You are not controlling the vessel any longer?”
“I am not. They now control it.” He gestured to the men at the wheel. “I merely set the direction back on course for them.”
Makaelah paced back and forth, her golden tipped wings lightly brushing the deck as she turned. “Can you pull water from the damaged area; in case we are taking on too much?”
“Interesting.” The corner of his mouth tipped up. “You are concerned for all the humans.”
Makaelah gave a nod of her head. “Of course. As well as our companions who have no ability to fly or shift away from here.”
Kai’las glanced between Xilton and Shadowhawk before he came to his feet. “Very well. I see your point.” He took a stand on the bench near the quarterdeck and raised his hands. The water, at first, slightly glistened and then took on more of a glow. An ebb of water suddenly began rushing out from the side of the vessel.
“You are drawing attention to us.” Shadowhawk remarked, having seen all the crewmen staring once again with looks of alarm and fear on their faces.
Kai’las kept focused on the task at hand, not turning away. “What would you have me do, D’ae Feon? Would you rather I do nothing and let the vessel sink?”
Shadowhawk made no attempt at a reply, for she knew the Fae was right. They could not very well let it sink, especially when they had the means to do something about it. 
Kai’las was still working with his powers when Darius approached the four of them sometime later with Captain Hereward trailing close behind. The Warrior recognized at once that he was using his powers for a purpose while the Captain only eyed him with curiosity, though he said nothing.
“Apologies for the chaos here.” Hereward voiced. “It has taken some time but it seems we have the Lass back on course and the damage below has appeared to have been dealt with… remarkably. We will be docking her in a couple of hours once we arrive at Crystal Lake. There, we will make the necessary repairs before continuing on.”
“How long do you expect the repairs to take?” Xilton asked.
The Captain’s eyes followed Kai’las when he jumped down from the bench. “I will know once we dock and have a chance to inspect the damage. We have all the necessary materials on board to make the repairs so I cannot see it taking more than three days. You are welcome to stay on while they are being completed. There is no lodging in Crystal Lake.” He paused, appearing thoughtful.
“You have concerns, Captain?” Xilton asked.
“I just…” He shook his head. “I cannot tell you how many times I have passed up and down this river in the past thirty some odd years and I know everything of it. I know where it narrows and widens. Where it deepens and becomes shallow. And I know where every boulder sits. It just does not make sense to me. It was as if those boulders appeared out of nowhere.” Hereward rubbed the back of his neck, deep in his own thoughts. He took a deep breath. “Well, I suppose odd occurrences do happen on occasion.” The immortals instinctively eyed one another, all appearing to be thinking along the same lines, if the boat becoming damaged was truly an accident or not. The Captain straightened. “As I said… I will know more once I have had a chance to assess the damage.” He started to walk away but turned back, his eyes drifting between Darius and Kai’las when he said, “Many thanks for your help.”
Kai’las inclined his head while Darius replied, “Of course.” Hereward’s eyes trailed curiously over the Fae one last time before he stepped away, leaving the five of them alone. “What was it you were doing?” Darius immediately asked Kai’las.
Kai’las’ eyes showed a touch of humor. “Trying to be helpful. I was drawing water from the damaged area.” He said and Darius appeared surprised by this. “Do not look so amazed, I merely chose to assist instead of doing nothing.”
“The entire crew looks at you differently now.” Shadowhawk voiced.
“Yes, they think I am remarkable.” Kai’las said with a wink.
The Elf scoffed. “I highly doubt that.”
“I could have taken the time and compelled them all, though I do not believe any of you would have been pleased with that.” Kai’las sighed. “I have given the Captain nor his crewmen any reason to fear me. I have brought them no harm and in fact, I have helped them. I am still helping them.”
Darius frowned. “Still?”
Kai’las took a seat on the bench and rested his arms across the back railing, appearing bored with the conversation. “I drew out all the water from the damaged area, created a barrier and tied it off.”
“Hmm...” Darius uttered. “And it will hold till Crystal Lake?”
Kai’las scoffed. “It will hold until I release it.”
The Warrior was silent for some time, his deep blue eyes looking off in the distance. “Can you... can you repair the boat as well?”
Kai’las’ mouth twitched in a suppressed smile. “You have much faith in me, my friend. It warms my heart, but alas, no. Except for a few small tricks, I draw most of my power from the elements. The last I checked, repairing a vessel is not one of them. What I have done was merely put a bandage on it.”
“The crewmen will keep a wide berth from now on.” Shadowhawk muttered.
“Yes. It appears I cannot appease everyone.”
Darius rubbed the side of his jaw in thought. “Captain Hereward was just telling me of an incident that happened not too long ago. A mage booked passed on a vessel traveling south from Janardan, caused all sorts of havoc. He said the mage killed five of the crewmen and set fire to the vessel after conjuring a pack of bat creatures to attack the crew.”
“Sounds like the work of Arrôz.” Makaelah stated.
Xilton glanced at Kai’las. “Now we know why the crew is so fearful of you, after hearing stories like that.”
“I suppose so.” Kai’las’ eyes moved to something behind Darius. “It appears your consort needs tending to.”
“My... my consort?” Darius asked in confusion. He looked behind and found Melara standing several yards away. He sighed and turned back. “She is not my consort.”
“No?” The Fae angled his head to the side. “What is she to you then?”
Darius glanced at Makaelah who was looking at him curiously before he replied to Kai’las. “Does it matter what she is?”
“No.” 
“Good. Now since we have that out of the way...”
“Are you not going to go to her?”
“No.” Darius said sharply with a shake of his head. “I had thoughts to speak with the four of you.”
Kai’las grinned and folded his arms. “Very well.”
Darius brushed a hand through his hair. “Captain Hereward was correct in what he said before, there is no lodging in Crystal Lake. If I remember correctly, just a fisherman’s shop and a small market.” He peered at Shadowhawk. “My thoughts were we could go further into Greenmar and pay a visit to the Wild Elves. Spend the three days there it would take them to make the repairs on the boat. I know for certain the elves would not turn us away.”
Shadowhawk narrowed her eyes. “Well, are you not in an exceptionally good mood? Worked your problems out have you?”
Darius took a step closer. “Perhaps I have worked my problems out, though I see it being no concern of yours.” He sighed and glanced at the others. “As I said, the elves would not turn us away.”
“If it were up to me, I would turn you away.” Shadowhawk coldly replied.
Darius sat down and leaned back, clasping his hands at the back of his neck. “Of course, you would.”
The Elf glowered at him. “Fortunately for you, Queen Avonliel would not.” It was true, she yearned to see her home but she loathed the thought of taking the others with her… the two males at least.
“Well then, it is a good thing it is not up to you, is it D’ae Feon?” Kai’las remarked with a wink. The Elf turned away, looking disgusted and the Fae laughed outright.
“It appears we are going to go play with the elves then.” Darius said with a smirk, causing Shadowhawk to shake her head.
“Are you going to take your consort?” Kai’las asked.
Darius took a sharp breath, his teeth clenched. “She is not my consort, but no... Melara will not be joining us.”

‡

The half-God son of Koron, the God of Malice, stood just one-inch shy of his father and even resembled the God with light brown hair and striking gray eyes. Black full plate mail covered his powerfully built body and his chosen weapon, a large two-handed war hammer, sat at the Berserker’s hip. It was no secret he and his father were allied with Arrôz and had been for quite some time, so much so, Grorrus Doomhammer had developed followers of his own and amongst them he was both feared and respected.
Grorrus stood in his chambers looking down at a ten-foot square scale of Rystarr when a knocking on the door drew his attention away. “Enter.”
The door opened and an elderly male gnome stepped into the room. “Apologies, my Lord for the interruption.”
“It is fine, Ellisar.” Grorrus replied, his eyes still on the model. “What is it?”
“Lorimier Blackwing has arrived.”
“About bloody time. Send him in.” The Berserker said, then added, “And bring me a flagon.” He could not recall how many magic users he had working on trying to locate the elf, but Grorrus knew it had been over a week since they sent out the first message.
The Gnome bowed his head. “Yes, my Lord.” He walked out while leaving the door open ajar.
Grorrus heard lightly booted footsteps leading up to the door. He turned his head, watching as it opened further to reveal a blond male elf. “My Liege.” The elf said, sweeping into a flourish bow. 
“Hmm.” Grorrus muttered as the Gnome returned with his Lord’s flagon, setting it on a side table between two chairs before he exited the room and closing the door on his way out. Grorrus took a seat in one of the chairs and picked up the ale, taking a long swallow. He eyed the elf, taking in his appearance. He had known Lorimier Blackwing for many years and he still looked the same as the first day he met him. The half-God never understood the Gray Elf’s choice of armor, being a long black leather armored coat which hung to his mid-thighs, belted at the waist, and etched with what appeared to be runes of some sort. Grorrus took another drink from his flagon before he finally spoke. “You are a difficult elf to locate.”
“Yes, my sincere apologies, I have been traveling quite often as of late.” Lorimier replied, his hands resting on the two short swords at his hips. “I was just departing Jovian Falls when I received your message.”
“One of many, I am sure.” The demigod replied, none too happily. “When you did not reply to any of mine, I set my mages to work trying to locate you. Why do I give you a gift when you chose not to use it?”
The elf bowed once again. “Forgive me, Lord. I will be sure to do better.”
“Good.” Grorrus stood again, for he was never one to sit still for long periods. He stepped to the window and looked out at the city. His home for the time being was in Vlondoria in the town of Rel Hastor and he liked it well enough. Truth was, he did not really care one way or the other. “I have a task for you. It may seem petty to someone with your talents but I need you for this, Lorimier.”
The elf smiled and bowed his head. “I am your servant, my Liege.”

‡

The Dark Praetorium reeked of evil so much so that Arendon was disgusted to have to step foot into the structure yet again. But this meeting was important. As the Celeyian walked through the darkened room toward the back, he received several curious looks from the few evil beings occupying the space, all of them mostly human and quite below him. Arendon thought they probably wondered what business one of the divine would have there in a place of such utter darkness. He ignored them all, holding his head high as he stalked past the vile pentagram to the rear of the building until he came to a stop standing directly in front of the small man dressed in black.
The Mage was seated in a plush velvet chair thumbing through his book of spells. He looked up at the male Seraph looming over him with a daunting presence and swallowed hard, clearly in a state of unease. “Oh...you have arrived.” The Mage muttered, falling from his chair into a bow, the book dropping to the marble floor. “My Lord.”
Arendon sighed irritatingly. “I am not your Lord, Moculus.” His words were calm but cold. “Now stand, before you draw unwanted attention.” The Mage straightened immediately, picking up his fallen book as he did so. He held his breath as he stood with his eyes lowered. “Stand tall. I am here because those devoted to me speak highly of you. You are known to be a strong Mage, not one to cower. Raise your eyes and look at me.”
Moculus did as he was commanded and looked up at the Celeyian standing before him. “Yes, my Lord.”
“Arendon.” He corrected sternly. “I am not your Lord.” The Celeyian glanced around the Praetorium to see if the man had drawn any attention to them but it appeared no one was watching them. He turned back to the Mage and motioned to the chair he had been using when he first arrived. “Take a seat if you are more comfortable.” Without a word, Moculus fell into the chair. “I assume Hetheril gave you the details of my wants, yes?”
He nodded. “Yes, my… yes, Sire. He did. Do you have a drawing of this piece of jewelry, Sire?”
The Seraph sighed once again. “My name is Arendon, Moculus. Why must it be so difficult for you to speak it?” He began pacing back and forth, his powerful wings lightly ruffling. “No, I have no drawing, although you should have no trouble identifying it. The stone is circular. It is one inch in diameter and bluish silver in color. She wears the band around her crown.”
The Mage’s eyes lit up. “You are speaking of The Heart of Celeya.”
Arendon stopped pacing, his full attention now on the short man. “What do you know of The Heart of Celeya?”
Moculus gave a shake of his head. “Only what I have read, my… uh, Arendon. Where am I to find this stone?”
“There is a female Celeyian who travels with four others, two humans, an Elf and a Fae. She carries it with her always, so your attempt at retrieving it will have to be furtive.” Heavy footsteps on the marble floor echoed throughout the quiet room. Arendon turned and watched a hooded woman in black strut towards a back corner, her leather boots the source of the clamor. He waited until the woman settled down in one of the comfortable chairs before turning his attention back to the Mage. “This Celeyian’s name is Makaelah. I assume you have your ways of locating someone, yes?”
“I do.”
“Good. You will not harm her, in any way. Just get the stone.”
“Yes, Sire.” The Mage took a moment to take down some notes in his journal. “This female Seraph… may I ask, who is she to you?”
Arendon took a sharp breath. “She is my sister. Whom I care deeply for. So, I will repeat my words and you will heed my warning… you will not harm her. In. Any. Way. You understand this?”
“Yes, of course. No harm will come to her. I swear it.”  
Arendon nodded. “Very good. Do what you are told and I will pay you handsomely in gold.” He rubbed his chin in thought. “I assume you have means of travel.”
“I do, sire.” Moculus smiled wickedly. “Special means of travel.”
“Very good. Send me a message when you wish to contact me.”
“A message, Sire?”
“Call out my name. The wind will carry it and I will answer.” Arendon turned to leave.
“Sire… uh, Arendon.” Moculus said, causing the Celeyian to stop and turn back around. “Did… did I hear you correctly before? Did you say a Fae travels with your sister?”
“That is correct. A prince, or so I have been told.” 
The blood drained slowly from the man’s face. “A Fae Prince?”
Arendon raised a brow. “Will this be a problem, Moculus?” He asked, a touch too impatiently.
“No.” The Mage replied with uncertainty. “Would he be the Fae Prince of the Court of Light or the Dark Prince?”
Arendon angled his head to the side, curious of his question. “I do not know.”
Moculus was thoughtful a moment. The news concerned him and almost made him wary of accepting the task, though he knew at that point he did not have much of a choice. He leaned forward. “How powerful is this Fae Prince?”
“I am not certain. It remains to be seen.” Arendon’s words did not give the Mage much encouragement. “Chose your steps wisely, Moculus, and you will have no encounters with the Fae.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
Arendon did not even bother to correct him. He turned and walked away; his white silver tipped wings almost touching the floor as he stepped with the authority which all the Celeyians possessed.
When the Seraph stepped out into the night he worried over being seen exiting the dark temple, immediately taking flight. If the Mage thought low of him regarding his plans to steal The Heart of Celeya from his sister he did not show it and Arendon could care less what the human thought. He needed the stone to save Makaelah.

CHAPTER
13

The immortals arose early the next morning and left The Rusty Anchor, gathering their horses before they made their way to the docks where their ship was waiting. As they moved closer, Valen, Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos immediately took notice that the area had been cleared from the night before, with no traces left behind whatsoever of the Vurbalar nor the unfortunate city folk who had fallen from the creatures. The three of them silently eyed one another.
“What is it?” Tarakis asked, having seen their silent exchange. “What are you three being so mysterious about. That reminds me…” He inclined his head. “What happened out here last night?”
“There were Vurbalar. Seven of them.” Valen quietly replied. “When we left there were bodies strewn across this entire area. City folk as well.”
“Oh. Well, the guards…”
“That is the thing…” The Warrior interjected, shaking his head. “The guards were nowhere to be seen. Neither were the Paladins. Why do you think that is?”
“How am I supposed to know?” Tarakis shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe they were busy elsewhere.”
“Hmm.” Valen scoffed. “Someone let those creatures into the city.”
The Rogue crossed his arms. “Then the Overlord should be looking at one of the guards or even one of the Paladins. Why are you concerned with it, this is not even your city?” 
Valen shot him with a glare. “No, but it is yours and while you were sleeping off the effects of your Emerald Fire Elixir, Vurbalar were out here slaughtering your neighbors.”
“Perhaps we should worry about this another time.” The Knight voiced. “Right now we have a Captain who is waiting for us to board his vessel.”
“Yes, Tavannos is correct.” Airrak said in agreement. “Also, I do not want to get into the details just yet until I have a chance to do more research but I may have an idea of what we might be searching for in the Plains of Aras.”
Valen nodded. “That is good to hear, Mage.” He said, letting the issue go for the time being as they boarded the ship.
The Venture was twice the size of The Charybdis, at one hundred twenty feet in length, twenty-five feet wide with large sails attached to three masts and two other levels below the main deck. In the center of the vessel were ladders that took you below deck and towards the back of the ship were a set of stairs leading down to the cabins. The Captain’s quarters sat at the backend at the quarterdeck. In a short while the demigods were settled in, as well as their four mounts, Tarakis having his magical steed securely stored with his belongings. It was not long before the ship was ready to cast off, the Captain, named Carona, soon gave the order and they were on their way, leaving Jovian Falls behind.
The first leg of their journey, which lasted almost two days, took them across Lake Leopold to the Crystal River, the small town of Yor being The Venture’s first stop. They had stayed only long enough to unload some cargo with plans to be on their way again within a few hours. The half-Gods decided they would remain on the ship during the stop, having no business to carry out in the town. Soon after, The Venture had resumed its journey down the Crystal River. Their next stop would be the town of Evermoor, a slightly larger community than Yor. The town sat on the west bank of the river, right at the point where the river fed into Crystal Lake. The journey would take approximately a day and a half.
A couple of hours after departing Yor found Valen on the deck taking in the fresh air as the crew went about their duties while the ship sailed on along the calm waters of the river. Shortly, Szarzekk joined him on the deck and seeing him approach, Valen nodded a greeting. Although still wearing his armor, the Warrior currently wore no helmet. Szarzekk, though, was still clad head to toe in his very ornate and ancient armor, Valen could not recall a time of ever seeing the Undead Warrior without donning it all.
“I have been speaking with the others.” Szarzekk’s hollow voice said. “Most especially the Mage.”
“Smell that air. It is so refreshing.” Valen said and peered at Szarzekk, suddenly realizing whom he was talking to. “Oh, my apologies. I forgot.” He cleared his throat in awkwardness. “You were talking to the others? About what in particular?”
Szarzekk considered his demeanor for a few moments. Something was obviously troubling the Warrior. “We have no idea what, or for that matter where this so-called portal is that we are to find.” Valen returned his statement with a nod. The Undead Warrior awaited him to speak but the man just stood, staring out at the river. “We need a plan.” He said, but again, was met with only silence from Valen. “The Mage seems to think this portal lies somewhere in the Bone Peaks, along the Crystal Tributary.”
Finally, the Warrior inclined his head, giving him a sideways look. “And how did he arrive at that conclusion?”
Szarzekk gave an uncharacteristic shrug, the action appearing strange to Valen. “Apparently he borrowed a couple of books from the Library when no one was looking and he has been doing his research. His words.”
“Alright then.” Valen said off-handedly. “I am willing to follow the Mage’s advice.” His gaze shifted back to the water. “We will start our search wherever he suggests.” After a couple of moments, he eyed Szarzekk again. “Anything else?”
He was a little taken aback by the man’s question. “No. Nothing else.” Szarzekk merely said and turned to walk away but decided against it at the last instant. “Are you alright?” The Undead Warrior was not very good, at reading human emotions but whatever he was sensing, he was pretty certain Valen was not well.
Without even casting him a glance, Valen replied, “Yes, I am fine.”
“Then I will leave you to your thoughts.” Szarzekk stepped away to rejoin his other comrades. 
He found the rest of his companions down in the cabin they shared. They had been given the largest quarters on the ship, though the five of them still found themselves somewhat cramped. Airrak had his head stuck in a book but the other two glanced up when the Undead Warrior entered the room. 
“Well? What did he say?” Sir Tavannos asked while Tarakis too stared eagerly at him, clearly waiting for his answer.
“He said…” Szarzekk started to speak but trailed off. After a brief pause, he continued, “He thinks we should follow the Mage’s advice.”
“Just like that?” Tavannos voiced with a shake of his head. He frowned. “How fortunate we are he is agreeable this day.”
The Undead Warrior was quiet for a moment. “I think there might be something wrong with Valen.” His comment caught the others by surprise and even Airrak looked up from his studying.
Tarakis’ eyes narrowed. “Like what?” 
“I am not certain.” Szarzekk replied. “I am not the best at reading human emotions.” He tilted his head to the side. “But something definitely appears to have him pre-occupied.”
Sir Tavannos came to his feet. “Well, speaking as a human, I can tell you that we all get affected by our emotions from time to time.”
“I have heard that.” Tarakis remarked, a little tongue in cheek. “I am only half human myself but sometimes my emotions get the best of me as well.”
Szarzekk did not understand any of it, for the transformation from human to undead had removed most of his remaining emotions, except for his rage. That was alive and well. The Undead Warrior tilted his head and gave a shrug of his shoulders as his three companions stared at him questioningly.
Silence followed for a brief time until Tarakis eventually spoke up. “So? We are following the Mage’s plan then?”
Tavannos eyed Szarzekk, receiving a nod from the Undead Warrior. “Agreed.” He turned to his longtime friend. “We follow Airrak’s advice.”
Airrak peered sheepishly at his companions. “I will continue with my research and try to learn all which I can.” He motioned at Sir Tavannos, who came to sit down next to him. The Mage looked at their other two comrades across the room, then quietly said, “Someone should probably check on Valen.”
Tavannos frowned. “Who?” He glanced around, pointing at himself. “Me?”
“Well someone should.” Airrak answered with a shake of his head. “And the others certainly have no grasp on what might be wrong with him.”
“But I am about as close to the man as I am to a Goblin.” The Knight replied and Airrak gave him a level look. “Alright, alright. I will see what I can find out.”
The Mage appeared relieved. “Good. Because we need him.”
“Agreed.” Sir Tavannos blew out a breath. “But I think perhaps I will just watch him for a time before I say anything. He is a very proud man and he might not appreciate the intrusion into his matters.”
“Very well. Whichever way you think would be best.” Airrak uttered, returning to his studying.

†

A day and a half later, The Venture docked in the town of Evermoor. The town appeared incredibly quaint, consisting mostly of wooden structures while the most prominent establishments, mainly government, were constructed of stone. There was not much in the way of a wall surrounding the town, just a wooden palisade. Approximately two thousand beings made their home in Evermoor, the majority of them human, although there were also more than a few elves and half-elves living in the town as well. By Captain Carona’s orders, The Venture would remain in the town overnight, allowing enough time for the unloading of cargo and to replenish the ship’s stores.
As soon as the ship hit the docks in Evermoor, Valen was standing by ready to leave. Without a word of where he was going to any of his companions, he departed the ship and immediately headed into town. When asked as he was leaving, there was no reply, only showing the questioner his back. 
Szarzekk was the last to see Valen go, the Warrior ignoring his question as he departed. The Undead Warrior shook his head. “Humans…” Not long after, he was joined on the deck by Tarakis and Sir Tavannos. “Valen has left the ship.”
The other two glanced at one another. “We know.” The Knight said.
“Any thoughts on where he was going?” Tarakis asked, then quietly mumbled, “Not that I really care all that much.”
Szarzekk ignored the last portion of the Rogue’s comment. “None whatsoever.” The Berserker looked at Tavannos, his head angled, for he thought he had detected worry on the Knight’s face. “Is there a reason for concern?”
Sir Tavannos was thoughtful a moment. “I am not certain concern is the correct word, but it is a bit disconcerting.” Szarzekk continued to stare at him curiously. “It is simply not like him.”
“Oh, for the love of the Gods!” Tarakis remarked, no longer able to contain himself. His statement even caught Szarzekk by surprise. Seeing the other two staring at him, the Rogue rolled his eyes and shook his head. “The man is perfectly capable of taking care of his own affairs and does not need us to worry for him!” When Sir Tavannos and Szarzekk continued to gawk at him, Tarakis went on in a calmer voice. “He rules his own domain and he is half-God. I think he will be alright.”
After a brief silence between the three, Sir Tavannos finally cleared his throat. “I am going to find him.” He stepped away, heading for the ramp.
“I will go with you.” Szarzekk voiced after a thought, moving to follow behind the Knight.
“Oh, for the love of my Godly parent!” Tarakis shook his head as his companions departed. “Go ahead! He will not appreciate the intrusion.”

†

When Valen departed the ship he was not certain where he was headed, just feeling the need to be alone, regretting it some that he ignored his comrades questions as he left. He did not truly consider them to be friends but they had been through a lot together already and Valen knew there was more coming. He was not really certain why his mood had turned so black. He realized that he was worried about his home and was missing his consort, but never before had he experienced the feelings he was having. Valen had been away from his home on many occasions in the past, though never for the amount of time he had been gone up to that point. His mind continued to wander as he walked along.
“I should have gotten my horse out of the hold.” Valen mumbled. “This walking is not for me.” He peered around. “Oh, for the Gods sakes!” Suddenly stopping in his tracks, he glanced around to get his bearings, for he was not quite sure where he was in relation to the docks. He noticed a rather seedy looking tavern off to his right, looking up at the shingle hanging out front with a picture of a rose and a crown. “The Rose and Crown.” He muttered to himself. “Seems as good as any.” Valen entered the tavern and quickly scanned the room.
The place was about half full with a mixed crowd. Most appeared like local laborer types but there were also a few who looked like sailors. A majority of the people in the room stared at him as he entered. The sight of a fully armored warrior bearing a very ominous looking sword strapped on his back was apparently not something they were used to seeing. Valen removed his helm, allowing the patrons to see that he was human before he made his way across the room to an empty table. He took a seat, setting his helmet on the table for all to see. It was not long before a Barmaid came around.
“Ale.” He directed. “The strongest you have.” The girl gave him a quick curtsey and bounced away. Valen put his hands on his head, looking down at the table. “What am I doing here?” He muttered. It was only a couple of minutes later that the Barmaid returned, setting the tankard down in front of him. He handed her a gold coin. “When this one is empty, bring me another.”
“Certainly, my Lord.” The girl gave him a slight bow before stepping away.
Valen took a large drink from his tankard and slowly scanned the crowd, no one really catching his eye. “Just peasants.” He mumbled to himself. He did notice one particular table which seemed to be a bit out of place. The woman was incredibly beautiful with shoulder length obsidian hair, dressed all in black, including her leather armor and full length cloak, the hood currently down. Sitting across from her, with their backs to Valen, were two individuals, dressed similar to the woman, although with their hoods currently drawn, he could not tell if they were male or female, but Valen was pretty certain they were male. All three were sipping out of goblets, appearing to be having a heated conversation. Whatever it was they were discussing, they obviously did not want anyone else to overhear them, as they were leaning into one another, speaking in low tones.
Valen could not be certain but he could have sworn the woman looked up at him as she spoke and then turned quickly away. That piqued his curiosity and he raised a dark brow. He continued to watch the group for a few more minutes, though he did not see the woman, nor the other two, so much as look in his direction. Valen returned to his tankard and his thoughts, which were of his home and Solara. 
A lot had changed since that morning he had rode out of his gates of Jwarl Avignon. He had discovered that he was the son of a God and responsible for saving the world, quite possibly the multiverse. As if he did not have enough to worry about with the ruling of his domain. Somewhere around ten thousand souls depended on his rule, he did not have time for any quest. Valen had incredible worry over what was occurring back at home, but as he thought further, if he and the others failed at their mission, there would be no more domain or world for that matter. Then there was the other so-called group they were to meet up with. He knew hardly anything of them, with the exception of what the Librarian had told them, which was next to nothing, and, together, they were expected to save the world. It was bad enough that he was forced together with the ones he was with now, but four or five others which he had never before met? Valen pinched the bridge of his nose to ease the growing tension in his head. “How is this going to work?”
He finished his tankard and as soon as he placed it on the table, the Barmaid appeared, setting another one down in front of him. He gave her a quick nod. She curtseyed, grabbed the empty and was off. 
Valen was aware he had no choice but to continue with the quest. He certainly would not depend on the others to get it completed without him but he needed this time with his thoughts, alone.

†

Sir Tavannos and Szarzekk had spent the last couple of hours searching for their missing comrade. Although the town was not too large, there were still a considerable number of establishments to check that they thought he might be partaking of. They focused most of their attention on the Inns and taverns, assuming that, considering his recent mood, Valen would take refuge in such a place.
“I am beginning to agree with Tarakis.” Szarzekk said, causing the Knight to stop in his tracks and regard the Undead Warrior. “Valen is committed to our quest. He will return by the time we are to depart.”
“Are you absolutely certain of that?” Sir Tavannos asked. He cocked his head to one side as if to emphasize the question. “Hmm?”
Szarzekk shifted his gaze, taking a few moments in thought. He gave a nod. “Very well. We keep searching for him.”
The two of them continued on with their search, entering several more establishments. In each they would ask a member of the staff if they had seen anyone matching Valen’s description and so far, they had no luck. 
“This town is larger than it first appeared.” The Knight stated as they came to a stop at an entrance to an alley.
“Agreed. There are just too many establishments for which to search.” Szarzekk turned slowly. “Is it normal to have a town with this amount of taverns?”
“I suppose it is, although I do not frequent them myself.” Tavannos gave a deep sigh. “We must not give up.” He glanced down the alley, noticing a wooden sign that caught his eye. “Madame Gisele’s.”
Szarzekk considered the sign. “Is it another tavern?”
“Yes, I believe so.” The Knight scanned around the area. “And it is off the path of the streets, so it may be just the sort of place Valen would have been looking for, given his mood as of late.”
They walked down the alley and opened the wooden door, stepping in. Inside, the large room was furnished excessively with an ample amount of oversized chairs, settees, and ornate chandeliers. Everything, including the walls, was covered in various shades of reds and pinks with gold trim and tassels. Almost immediately upon entering, the two demigods were surrounded by scantily clad women dressed in suggestive corsets with thigh high stockings and black lace garters. 
Sir Tavannos thought his heart was going to leap from his chest, for it was racing so fast. He tried to turn his eyes away but everywhere he looked another woman appeared. He cast his gaze toward the wall, seeing artwork which caused his eyes to grow wide.
“This is an unusual tavern.” The Undead Warrior muttered as he looked down at the females hanging from his arms. “The strangest we have yet to enter.”
The Knight swallowed hard. “I… I… I…” 
Szarzekk regarded him curiously. “You… what?”
“I, uh…” Sir Tavannos started to reply as he was being swept across the room. “No, my ladies, where are you taking me?”
“Upstairs” Four of them said in unison.
“No, no, no.” His voice came out in a high pitch. He cleared his throat. “I must decline.” He belted out and they all uttered a whimper of complaint and stopped, though none of the females made a move to step away. Tavannos glanced at Szarzekk who had two women holding onto each of his arms while he raised them up and down. “I do not believe Valen would come into an establishment such as this.”
The Undead Warrior peered across the room at him. “You mean because they have no ale in here?”
Sir Tavannos took a deep breath. “Yes, of course. That is one reason.” 
Once Szarzekk and the Knight were finally able to flee the brothel, they continued their search but after the experience at Madame Gisele’s, Sir Tavannos was especially leery about which establishments they entered. It was not too long before they came to a tavern called The Rose and Crown. It was an incredibly rundown looking place which seemed like it would attract the opposite of Valen’s type. The two of them decided to take a chance anyways and cautiously went on inside, the Knight breathing a sigh of relief when he saw it was indeed a tavern.
As they stepped in, most of the patrons in the common room turned their heads to see who had entered. However, when they saw two very heavily armored and armed warriors filling up the entryway, they quickly turned back to what they had been doing, avoiding staring at either one for too long.
“There are fewer females in this tavern.” Szarzekk commented.
The Knight gave him a look. “Indeed.” He said, then quietly muttered, “Thank the Gods.” He scanned the common room, spotting their wayward comrade. Tavannos leaned toward Szarzekk and whispered, “There he is.” He motioned with his head at where Valen was sitting, the Undead Warrior giving him a quick nod in acknowledgement.
They noticed Valen sat by himself, a large tankard placed in front of him. While they watched, he drained what remained of his drink and almost immediately a Barmaid appeared with another, whisking away the empty.
“I wonder how many times the girl has done that.” Sir Tavannos said, leaning towards Szarzekk. 
“Perhaps we should head over there?”
The Knight let out a long sigh. “Yes, you are right. Let us see if we can discover what the trouble is.”
As they approached the table, Valen glanced up at them and shook his head, uttering a curse under his breath.
“Valen?” Sir Tavannos frowned, for the Warrior appeared to be avoiding looking him in the eyes. Szarzekk and the Knight glanced at one another when Valen failed, or refused, to respond. “Why yes!” Said Tavannos, somewhat sarcastically. “We would love to join you.” This also received no response. They both took a seat opposite the Warrior. Within a few moments, the Barmaid was back and looking at the two new arrivals. “Local wine please.” The Knight set his helm aside and continued to stare at Valen.
“Nothing for me.” Szarzekk voiced and in a flash, the girl was gone.
“Valen?” Sir Tavannos said again. After a time the Warrior raised his head and looked him in the eyes. The Knight swore he recognized some sort of pain in there.
Valen took a long drink of ale. “What are you doing here?” 
His comrades could tell by the slightly slurred words, he had already finished several tankards.
Sir Tavannos did not seem to know what to say next, appearing to be searching for words. Szarzekk, seeing this, glanced at the Knight first, then at Valen. “We needed to make certain you were prepared for the next portion of our journey.”
Valen gave the Undead Warrior a sharp glare and Tavannos quickly added, “Uh, yes. We are making sure that all of us were ready to depart in the morning.”
Szarzekk stared at the Knight with his head angled to the side and although he did not truly understand the human ability of innuendo, he cast a look at Valen. “We have already spoken with Airrak and Tarakis and you were next.”
Valen’s eyes volleyed between the two of them for a few moments until he cast his eyes downward. He shook his head, looking back up with a strange smile appearing on his face. He let out a dry laugh. “You two are just…” He gave a deep sigh, appearing to calm down a bit. “Fine. I am ready and prepared. As soon as I finish this.” He lifted his tankard. “We can go back to the ship.”
The Barmaid returned and set down a small goblet in front of Tavannos. He peered up at her and started to dig a coin out of his pouch. “Oh, it is covered, my Lord.” The girl said, looking longingly at Valen before turning to leave. 
The Knight appeared a little confused after the exchange but eventually he lifted his goblet. “That is fine. I have this to finish as well.” He leaned back with his wine and blew out a breath. “I am in need of it after what we had to go through to find you.”
 
‡

Alenia sat in The Rose and Crown, watching one of the immortals who was sitting across the room from her. It amazed her sometimes how events unfolded. She had arrived there in Evermoor a day ago, watching as Osremyer, the fool that he was, take the beast and fly south. She would meet up with him at a later time. And now, it was an absolute coincidence this demigod happened to show up in this tavern while she was there. Alenia waited, hoping to see something that would help her find out where they were going but all he did was continue to drink from the tankards that some wench kept bringing him. A time later, two of the others showed up and joined him. It was obvious to her that it was an uncomfortable situation.
“There is trouble in paradise.” She muttered to herself. “This could be useful.” After a short while and several exchanges, the three immortals got up and left the tavern.
Alenia looked up at the man sitting across from her. “You!” The man’s eyes instantly fell on her. “Follow them! Let me know where they go in town!” He gave a quick nod and moved to leave but she grabbed his sleeve. “Do not fail me. I want to know exactly what they are doing!” The menace in her voice was clear.
“Yes, mam. In the name of Grorrus.” The somewhat shaken man replied.
Alenia watched him leave. She smiled to herself and took a sip of her goblet. “Hmm.” She leaned back, getting comfortable.
She remained in the tavern for a good while after the immortals had departed, so much time passing that Alenia grew more impatient by the minute. “You!” She exclaimed, addressing the other lacky who had remained with her. “Go and find out what is taking that idiot so long!”
The man could not move fast enough, for he had seen her wrath before. “Yes, my lady.” He said as he quickly left the tavern.
Alenia’s eyes followed him out. “Idiots. Morons. I am surrounded by them.” She mumbled to herself.
Not fifteen minutes had passed since her second flunky had left when who should stroll into the tavern? None other than the Rogue himself… Tarakis.
“So, he got my message.” She thought to herself.
Tarakis stood just inside the door, scanning the crowd. After a few moments, he spotted who he was searching for as his eyes landed on Alenia sitting by herself. He gave her a quick nod, which she returned, before he turned around and walked out.
Alenia quickly threw a few coins down on the table and stood to follow him. She stepped outside, looking around, though not seeing him anywhere near. Walking to an alley to the left of the establishment, she took a look down it, but from where she stood she did not see him. Cautiously, Alenia started walking down the alley. “Are you here?” She whispered loudly while passing by a stack of barrels. 
“Yes, I am here.” Tarakis answered, springing out of the shadows of the barrels, and grabbing her from behind. In an instant, his dagger was at her throat. She let out a small yelp but made no move to break free of his hold. “Give me one good reason why I should not slide my blade across your throat!” He sneered menacingly. “And be quick about it!”
Alenia hesitated for just a moment. “Because if you did that, you would not be able to hear what I have to say.”
Tarakis relaxed his hold, just a touch, as he stared at her, considering her words. “And why should I trust you?”
“I think you are really going to want to hear what I have to tell you.” She whispered. “Why else would I have sent you the message?” Alenia paused a moment before adding, “But we have to be quick. Before those fools who are with me return.”
Tarakis kept quiet as he released his hold on her, taking his blade away from her throat, he held it at the ready. “No tricks!” He warned.
Alenia turned to face him while caressing her neck where his dagger had made contact. “No tricks.” She agreed. 
He considered her for a moment. She was indeed incredibly beautiful with pitch black hair, fair skin and piercing brown eyes. “How exactly did you send me that message?” He asked. “I mean… it just sort of popped into my head. It was an impressive feat.”
“Just a little power bestowed by my master. All of his important servants are able to communicate simple messages in such a manner.” That surprised the Rogue as he had never heard anything of it before. He opened his mouth, about to inquire further of the ability when she cut him off. “We do not have time to discuss it.” She appeared to be growing nervous, peering around as she spoke.
“Fine.” Tarakis grumbled. “Then tell me what it is you have to say.”
Alenia took a deep breath. “I know you have no reason to either trust or believe me, but I am here to offer you a bit of advice.”
Her words caught Tarakis off guard. “Advice?” He said with a scoff. “You want to give me advice?” He regarded her while she remained silent. “Tell me…” Shaking his head, he smiled to himself. “As you said, why should I trust you, let alone listen to you?”
Her head angled to the side and she let out a slight sigh. “I am not exactly certain but there is this feeling I have been having.”
“Do tell me about this feeling.” He remarked suspiciously.
“It is just something which keeps surfacing in my head. I do not know where it is coming from, but I cannot help but believe that someone or something wants me to give you this aid. I cannot explain it.” Tarakis rolled his eyes as he regarded her in disbelief. Seeing this, she quickly added, “Look, I understand how this sounds and it does not mean that I will not still carry out my duties for my master. However, I feel, very strongly, that I am supposed to give you this information.”
Tarakis narrowed his eyes as he considered her words. He let out a deep breath. “Very well. What is this information?”
Alenia glanced around as if she were expecting someone to be eavesdropping. “I am not sure if you are aware of the one I have been working with.” She spoke in a quiet voice. “He is the Darkman and he is thoroughly depraved.” Tarakis nodded in understanding, motioning for her to continue. “Well, our master has given him a monstrosity to be used against you and your comrades. I do not know when he will unleash it upon you but I am certain he will.”
He cocked his head, staring at her in disbelief. “And what does this monstrosity look like?”
“Oh, you will know it when you see it. And there is only one way to deal with it.” She paused a moment. “Look to its head. You have to extinguish the life spark.”
Tarakis shook his head. “And how exactly do I accomplish that?”
Alenia shot him a piercing look. “Use your imagination! You have your talents as well as your weapons. I understand that your weapons are enchanted… you might try them.”
He stared at her thoughtfully for a moment. “I still do not understand why you are telling me this and I still do not know if I believe you.”
“That is on you! Take it however you want. Use the advice or do not. I have already explained my reasons as best I could. Now it is up to you to use it or not.”
“Fine. Anything else before I get out of here?”
She gave a quick shake of her head, signaling that there was nothing else. He took a couple of steps backwards before turning around and disappearing into the shadows.
Alenia watched him vanish from sight before she made her way back into the tavern. She was not sure exactly how she felt about the Rogue. She most certainly had some admiration for him, for she saw a lot of similarities between their lives. Either one of them could have ended up where the other one was. She was definitely starting to have some confused thoughts. Alenia shook her head to clear it and to help her focus. “Now, back to it.” She quietly mumbled to herself.

‡

The three immortals were on their way back to the ship after leaving The Rose and Crown when Sir Tavannos suddenly stopped. “We need some supplies. The two of you should head back to the ship. I will meet you there.”
Szarzekk gave a nod. “Very well.” He and Valen continued to head for the docks as their companion went off in a different direction.
When the two of them arrived back at The Venture there was much activity going on with the crew busy readying the vessel for its morning departure. They found Airrak standing on the main deck near the ramp. 
Seeing two of his companions return, the Mage looked at them curiously. “Where is Tavannos? I thought the two of you went off together?”
“He went to procure supplies.” Szarzekk replied, then peered around. “Where is the Rogue?”
Airrak appeared to have a bit of a smirk on his face. “Oh, I believe he left about an hour after you did.”
“Where did he go?” The Undead Warrior asked. “Did he say?”
“I have no idea. I was in the cabin. I did not even know he was gone until I came on deck.” Airrak watched as Valen started walking away. “Where are you going?”
The Warrior stopped but did not turn to face him. “I am going to the cabin. You do not need my help in finding the wayward Rogue.” He started off again and was soon down the stairs leading to their quarters. 
Airrak shrugged his shoulders. “Well, do we go out and look for Tarakis now or just count on him to return in time?”
Szarzekk appeared to be pondering the question, or at least the Mage thought he might be. “He can take care of himself.” He finally said. “I believe he will return in time.”
Airrak nodded his agreement. “Very well.”

†

When Valen reached the cabin he was suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling of exhaustion. After stripping off his armor, he laid down on his cot and tried to clear the cobwebs from his mind, for it was obvious that all the ale he drank was taking its toll. Not long after, he started to doze off, or at least he thought he had, for all of a sudden, something caused him to open his eyes. It took him a few moments for him to focus on the room. A strange mist circulated around the cabin and the temperature had instantly dropped.
“What is going on here?” He uttered, coming to sit on the edge of the cot. He stood and walked over to the small porthole, looking out and seeing that everything outside appeared to be as normal as should be. Valen turned back around as he watched the mist continue to swirl. After a few moments it appeared to coalesce into a vaguely humanoid-like shape. It was still composed of the mist and there were no discernable features but it was most certainly a human shape. He stared at it in disbelief, about to reach for his sword when the shape spoke aloud to him.
“You are in a dark mood, my son.” The deep voice said, seeming vaguely familiar to him. Valen was sure he had heard it before, though he could not place it. He did not respond because he still was not certain what was occurring. “You are concerned about events at home.”
The last words appeared to get his attention. “What in the Blarth do you know about my home?” He asked rather sharply.
“I know that all is well there.” The voice responded without emotion. “Your people are well led in your absence.”
The Warrior did not take his eyes off the shape. “You are referring to Solara? She is well?”
“She is well. And is leading in your name. You are well represented.”
Valen’s thoughts instantly went to home and to his consort. Oh, Solara. He stared off, losing himself in thought. How I do miss you. His eyes looked up, falling back on the mist.
“You must continue your quest, my son.” The voice said rather sternly. “The entire multiverse is depending on you.” It paused before adding, “As am I.”
Cocking his head for a brief instant, he looked more closely at the mist, trying to discern who or what it truly was but he could see nothing definitive. “Who are you?” He finally asked but was only met with silence. “Please tell me. Who are you?” The mist swirled a little more intensely, beginning to dissipate. “No! No! No!” He shouted. “Do not go!” 
The mist was almost completely gone, the temperature appearing to be returning to normal. At last a ghostly whisper touched his ears. “I am your father.” With that, it vanished completely, leaving Valen alone once again.
He stood for a few moments staring off at nothing, then sat down on his cot and lowered his head in his hands with thoughts of home.

CHAPTER
14

It was late afternoon by the time they reached Crystal Lake where they left Captain Hereward after agreeing to return to the boat within three days. Before departing, the half-Gods packed what belongings they had, readying themselves for the two-hour trek taking them deep into the forest of Greenmar to the village of the Wild Elves. It was the first excitement they had in days, though Shadowhawk was not happy about it. Sure she was looking forward to seeing her kin but the thought of bringing the others only irritated her.
They trailed in silence for quite some time with Shadowhawk leading the way. The eyes of many animals of the wild were upon them as they walked the forest floor, passing a small creek which was near overflowing where they stopped to take a drink of cold refreshing water and to refill their waterskins. Sometime later, the Elf led them to a grouping of Fir trees where the ground was covered with a spread of ferns and wildflowers. 
Shadowhawk stopped, turning to face them. “I would advise you to wait here, for it is best if I announce you first. My kin do not welcome surprises.” 
“That is understandable.” Xilton replied, realizing they must have been close to the elven village. She watched Shadowhawk silently disappear through the thick foliage. “Even the monks at the Monastery prefer a little warning when a group of travelers would happen through Saint Chandler’s.”
“Do you suppose she would decide traveling with us is just a waste of time after all and leave us. Never to return?” Kai’las asked, his eyes drifting off through the trees.
Makaelah peered at him. He had a devilish grin on his face which made it difficult for her to decide if he was being facetious. Ofttimes with Kai’las it was hard to tell, but one thing was certain, there was never a dull moment with the Fae around. His spontaneity and sense of humor Makaelah welcomed, considering what they were facing. Kai’las was a unique person and unlike anyone she had ever met in her lifetime. “I cannot see you being rid of her so easily, as much as I am sure you would like to.”
“Makaelah…” Kai’las replied, putting his hands over his heart, feigning offense. “My, how you wound me. Is this how you perceive me to be? I think you must be confusing me with my brethren, the Unseelie, who are known for their heartless deeds.”
“Yes, of course.” Makaelah smiled. “How could I have been mistaken?”
A small smile touched Xilton’s lips. “I just do not understand the trouble you and Shadowhawk have with one another. Of course she can be difficult at times, she is an incredibly strong-willed individual.”
“Is that what you call it?” Kai’las asked. “Strong-willed? Hmm… you Rystarrians have another name for someone like her… it is called a bi…”
“Kai’las!” Xilton interjected with a gasp.
He grinned. “I am only joking with you, my dear. You are right, she is strong-willed. And speaking of D’ae Feon…”
Shadowhawk stepped back through the trees right at that moment, oblivious of the conversation that had taken place at her expense. Barely glimpsing at each of them, she said, “Come,” expecting them to follow. Anxious to see the elven village, Xilton followed close on her heels with Kai’las right behind her.
Darius peeled back the ferns, opening up a gap for them to move through. “After you.” He said, gesturing with his head for Makaelah to go ahead of him.
Giving him an odd look, she moved on, feeling his eyes on the back of her as she walked the floor of the forest, thick with moss and wildflowers. They passed another creek, smaller than the first one.
“The elven lands are beautiful, are they not?” He spoke.
“Yes, they are indeed.” Makaelah replied softly, surprised he was actually speaking to her in a civilized manner for once, though she did not know if she should be thankful or concerned. As they walked, she grew accustomed to not only the sounds of the forest but also Darius’ footsteps, as light as they were, and when she heard them no longer, Makaelah turned and found he had stopped several paces back. He stared off through the understory of the forest, but she could not see where his eyes were directed at. “Did you see something?” She walked back to stand beside him.
Darius looked down at her, her golden eyes held not one speck of the flames he usually saw when she looked at him. He had no idea why, but his breath shuddered for an instant when he began to speak. “Something. Or someone.”
Makaelah scanned the forest. “Do you see them still?” Darius shook his head. “Perhaps it was one of the elves. I am certain they have sentries stationed throughout the forest.”
“Yes, I did see a few of the sentries.” He gave a small nod. “Still I think it wise to mention this to the elves.”
“As you wish.”
When the two of them caught up with the others they had just broken through the trees and into the elven village. Makaelah had never before seen anything like it. Not only were small huts spread out across the ground level but also built high into the trees with several suspension bridges running throughout. Colorful flowers painted the forest floor and almost everywhere she looked some sort of forest creature scurried about. It was just as Shadowhawk had described it to her that very morning. 
“I have never traveled to any of the elven lands before.” Xilton said to no one in particular. “Of course, there are many books written of them but seeing one is so different than reading of it.”
“I am fairly certain we were followed.” Darius suddenly said to Shadowhawk. “I am aware you have sentries just outside your village, but I think you would be wise to further search the outer perimeter.”
“Yes.” The Elf agreed much to his surprise. “I will assemble a party and look into it myself, but first, per her orders, we must speak with Queen Avonliel. Come.” Shadowhawk walked away, while again, expecting them to follow behind.
Kai’las stayed close by Makaelah’s side. “Perhaps visiting her homeland might do her some good after all.” He whispered. “She already does not seem as highly agitated as is her usual.”
Makaelah smiled. “Perhaps we should pay a visit to Faery. It may do you some good as well.”
“I beg your pardon.” Kai’las gave a wry grin. “I am one of the calmest beings you will ever know.” He gave a wink and Makaelah could not help but let out a small chuckle. “Also I highly doubt returning to Faery would do me any good. I would much rather stay here.”
They followed Shadowhawk up a flight of stairs which protruded out and wrapped around a massive tree. Xilton gasped when she looked across the way and saw the large dwelling that had been built across three great oak trees. The Elf led them down a long suspension bridge, then along a wooden walkway to an enormous set of double doors which were intensely detailed with elvish carvings, appearing to had taken quite some time to complete. Two male elves were standing guard at each of the doors, both of them acknowledging Shadowhawk as she approached. “D’ae Feon.” They said in unison. Shadowhawk nodded as the males opened the doors, allowing them to enter.
Upon stepping in, the immortals gazed around in wonder at the enormity of the room. When one looked at the massive treehouse from the outside they did not see the many hallways branching off, taking you further into the dwelling. The beauty of everything in the room was immense, the air of royalty without the gaudiness of gilded furniture and extravagant décor. Standing just inside the door was a tall male elf garbed in brown elven armor with two long swords sheathed at his hips. He did not have the tanned skin as the other Wild Elves, making his striking appearance stand out even more so. The smile he cast Shadowhawk lit up his pale blue eyes.
“D’ae Feon.” He said with a nod.
“Lanithier.” Shadowhawk murmured, going straight to him and clasping his arm, their foreheads touching in a show of affection.
Kai’las raised an eyebrow and glanced at Darius, who appeared just as surprised.
“We have guests you two.” A female voice said from farther in the room.
“Apologies, Avonliel.” Lanithier replied.
The Queen sat on a high-backed wooden chair, decorated with delicate hand carvings of leaves and vines. Queen Avonliel was beautiful in a long gown of dark green which complimented her eyes of the same color. Her long wavy walnut colored hair was pulled back in the front away from her face. She came to her feet, walking gracefully to meet them halfway into the room.
“Welcome to Greenmar.” Queen Avonliel greeted them with a warm smile. She gestured toward the tall, dark haired elf. “My Commander, Lanithier.” She turned, her eyes immediately focusing on Makaelah. She stepped over and stood before the Seraph, not taking her eyes away as she spoke to Shadowhawk in the common tongue. “D’ae Feon, you did not tell me you traveled with one of the divine.” The Queen gazed deep into Makaelah’s eyes, making her feel as though she were searching for something locked deeply away. “One of stature too.”
Shadowhawk lowered her head. “Nimen su, ne’ Tar’in.” 
“Hmm.” Avonliel murmured. “We must speak while you are in Greenmar.”
“Your Majesty.” Makaelah gave a slight bow, not being entirely certain of the proper way to address elven royalty. “I would be honored.”
The Queen smiled. “No. It is I who would be honored. What is your name, Commander?”
“Makaelah.”
“Makaelah.” The Queen repeated as if she were testing to see how the name sounded when she spoke it. “Please, call me Avonliel.” She regarded the others and added, “All of you, call me Avonliel. The Wild Elves are honored to open our home to you. You are welcome to stay as long as you like.” She gasped when her eyes moved to Kai’las, standing to the left of Makaelah. “The Fae Prince.” Behind her, Lanithier spoke a few words quietly in elven, his eyes meeting Kai’las’, who grinned at the male elf. “It would seem there are many things D’ae Feon has neglected to mention.” Avonliel uttered, clearly not sounding pleased with Shadowhawk.
Kai’las turned his attention to the Queen, smiling. “Greetings Avonliel. I pray I am as welcome here as are my companions.”
“Of course, Prince…”
“I am only Kai’las.” He gave a slight bow of his head.
“Kai’las. I assure you; my agitation is in no way directed at you but at D’ae Feon’s lack of information, with whom I will speak in regards to later.” Avonliel took his hand into her own. “You are most definitely welcome. I have heard of your visits to the Elm Forest, so I must say… it is about time you came to Greenmar.” Kai’las gave her a wide smile and a short nod. She turned and eyed Lanithier and the elf inclined his head. As if satisfied, the Queen moved onto Xilton. “It has been a long while since we have had a visit from the Religious ones. Welcome friend Monk.”
Xilton smiled. “Many thanks, Queen Avonliel. I must say your village is quite beautiful.”
Avonliel nodded in appreciation, then took Xilton’s hands into her own. She turned them over and inspected the marks of her Monastery on each of her forearms. “You are from the Monastery of Saint Chandler’s. Tell me, is Brother Delfross still with you? He had visited us every spring for thirty years but I regret we have not seen him for the past two.”
Xilton’s look became grim. “It pains me to say we lost Brother Delfross the last winter to the lungs sickness. He was one hundred and eighty-three name days old when he entered into the afterlife.” 
“It saddens me to hear this.” The Queen replied and turned to Lanithier, speaking to him in the elven tongue. 
A look of sorrow came over the male elf. His eyes met Xilton’s. “Brother Delfross’ presence here will be greatly missed.” The Monk gave him a warm smile before Lanithier turned away.
“They had gotten close.” Avonliel voiced quietly. “Lanithier looked forward to Brother Delfross’ visits each spring. One hundred and eighty-three name days old you said?” Xilton gave a nod. “He did live a long life for a human and as far as I was able to observe, it was a good life. Lanithier is correct, his presence here will be incredibly missed.” Avonliel left it at that and said no more to her. Moving on, she stepped in front of Darius. “A Kingsguard.” She stared up into his eyes, making him feel a bit uncomfortable. “I beg your pardon… I should say, the Captain of the Kingsguard.”
“Your Majesty.”
“Avonliel.” She corrected and surprised him when she said, “You have been here before.”
“Yes.” Darius answered. “I passed through your capital village some fifteen years ago.”
The Queen cocked her head curiously. “Please. Tell me of it.”
“It was during the Goblin Wars. Myself and two comrades, one of them badly injured. It was winter and the night was stormy when we came through Greenmar and you brought us in, gave us food and shelter to wait out the storm. You personally tended to my comrades wounds.”
“Yes, I remember this now. Your friend, he survived?”
“He did and is still with me to this day. Though he would not have survived if not for you, so you have my thanks.”
“Then we have done well by the Northern King.” Avonliel said with a nod. “The wars were horrendous. Many of my kin fought in them… including myself, Lanithier and D’ae Feon.” 
“They were horrendous.” Darius agreed. “And long.”
Avonliel smiled. “Yes, that they were.” She stared at him a moment longer before gliding gracefully back to her chair and taking a seat. “D’ae Feon, have food and lodging prepared for our guests.” Shadowhawk nodded, though she did not look pleased. “D’ae Feon will see that you have everything required to make your stay with us pleasant.” She raised a delicate hand and waved toward her company. “Go now and rest, for tonight we celebrate.”
 Once their visit with the Queen had ended, Shadowhawk introduced them to a male elf named Faelyn who would show them to the small huts on the ground level. The structures were uniquely constructed from a combination of clay, twigs, shrubs, and vines, appearing to be solid and secure. Bare minimal furnishings decorated the inside of each structure with only a small chest of drawers, a single bed with a small bedside table and one chair. A basin with a pitcher full of water was also placed inside for washing. The Wild Elves were simple beings who did not thrive on gold and riches but got by and were happy with what they could create themselves, for each piece of furniture in the huts were all handmade by the elves.
Stepping inside Makaelah’s hut, Faelyn lit all the candles, illuminating the small room before he turned to address her. “The water in the pitcher is fresh and you will find clean linens in the chest, Commander. The Queen wishes you take some time to rest and for quiet reflection while we prepare for this evening’s festivities.”
Makaelah smiled. “Very well, my thanks, Faelyn.” The dark haired elf bowed before stepping outside, closing the door behind him, and leaving her alone in the room.
Faelyn went on to show both Xilton and Darius to their huts and addressing them with the same words as he had used with Makaelah. The Monk thanked him kindly before closing the door and taking up her book, choosing to read for a time, while Darius just nodded and shut the door on the elf, wanting time to himself.
When he and Kai’las stepped into the last hut, the Fae waved his hand and the candles immediately lit up. Faelyn shifted his stance, appearing a touch uncomfortable. “I must say, that seems highly convenient.”  
Kai’las grinned wide. “You have no idea.” 
The elf kept close to the door, which Kai’las took note of. “There is fresh water in the…”
“Yes, I know, Faelyn, thank you.” The Fae interjected. “Forgive me if I made you uncomfortable. Old habits, I suppose.” He eyed the elf. “I take it this is your first encounter with a Fae. Do not believe all the tales, Faelyn. Your Queen obviously does not. I am not horrible. I am Light Fae, after all.” Kai’las laid down his pack on the lone chair and removed his sword, setting it aside. “Your village is boundless. How many Wild Elves dwell here?”
Appearing to have relaxed some, Faelyn said, “Nine thousand, four hundred and twenty-eight Wild Elves reside in the Kingdom of Greenmar with one thousand, one hundred and thirty-three of them residing in this village alone.” His blue eyes sparkled proudly. “There was a time, many years ago, when only a few hundred lived here. Greenmar has always thrived. As our people grew, we added onto our village. We still continue to do so as is necessary.”
“I must admit, I am surprised at hearing this. I had once thought the village of the Wood Elves in the Elm Forest was much larger, but this is not so.” Kai’las quieted a moment in thought. “There is something I had been pondering… while we were in your Queen’s chambers I had noticed… Avonliel seems to hold D’ae Feon in high regards.”
Faelyn smiled. “As well she should.” He responded but gave no further explanation.
Kai’las regarded him a moment, sensing something different about the elf but it was gone in the next instant. In fact, he was getting no emotions from him whatsoever. It was as if a wall went up, blocking him.
The elf waited a few moments longer to see if anything else was said before he spoke again. “If that is all, I will leave you now.”
“Of course.” Kai’las said, watching him curiously. The elf bowed slightly before stepping outside and closing the door shut behind him.

†

Hours later, once darkness came, the elven celebration began. In the center of the village, lit candles were strung from one corner to the next and in the center of it all, a huge bonfire blazed. Off to the side, tables were lined up and spread across them was a variety of cheeses, fruits, and vegetables with an abundance of elven wine. Off to the other side, a female elf sang a slow, enchanting melody with the assistance of four male elven musicians lending their talents of the harp, flute, pipes, and lute while a group of dancers glided along gracefully.
Xilton stepped from her hut finding Darius’ large form sitting alone by the huge fire with a goblet of wine in his hand. Searching around, she did not see any of her other companions and, sadly, she did not consider him to be much company as of late since he had been acting so out of character. Xilton made up her mind where to head to first when her stomach growled loudly, setting off toward the tables of food. She immediately took up a wooden bowl and began piling in a large assortment of cheeses and fruits, never caring much for vegetables. Feeling eyes on her, she raised her head, catching Lanithier watching her from across the way. The elf had a curious look on his face. Xilton was so preoccupied with her thoughts, she had not noticed the Queen standing beside her.
“Apologies, good Monk, but I did not ask you for your name earlier.” Avonliel said as she poured herself a glass of elven wine.
“Xilton, Your Majesty.” She replied and turned back to regard Lanithier, only to see that he was no longer there. “Xilton Taregan.”
“Xilton.” The Queen repeated quietly. “Call me Avonliel. I have a gift for you, Xilton. Something I am certain once you see it you will agree it will come in quite handy on this quest you have been burdened with.”
The Monk’s eyes sparked with excitement. “You have something you wish to give me?”
Avonliel smiled. “I do. Will you do me the honor by accompanying me to my dwelling so that I may show you?”
“Yes, of course.” Xilton set down her bowl on the edge of the table, her hunger and thoughts of the elf forgotten as she followed the Queen up the flight of wooden steps leading to the massive adobe. When they reached the set of double doors, the same two guards who had been there earlier both acknowledged Avonliel and opened the wide doors for the two of them. Inside, heat from the large fireplace across the room warmed the entire floor which was very welcome to Xilton who had still yet to purchase a cloak.
Noticing the Monk rubbing the chill from her arms, Queen Avonliel spoke in elven to a female elf whom Xilton had not seen when they first entered the room and just moments later the elf draped a brown hooded cloak across the Monk’s shoulders.
“Many thanks.” Xilton said smiling, looking first at the female elf and then at Avonliel.
“You are quite welcome.” The Queen replied. “Please, follow me.” The two of them walked off to the left of the large room where a small alcove sat. There were no doors which shut it out from the rest of the Queen’s chambers, just a high rounded archway. Inside, a small table and four chairs sat in the middle of the room and lining three of the walls were elaborately carved wooden cabinets standing approximately three feet tall and five feet wide. Glass enclosures showcased hundreds of objects ranging in size from a few inches to the largest being a dagger approximately eighteen inches long.
Xilton eyed the cases in wonder, her expression clearly not hiding her look of surprise. “Amazing.” She muttered.
“I have collected artifacts for many years. This is not the only room I have such as this, nor are they all small items as these. I harbor the larger treasures at the other end of my dwelling. I will show you if you wish to see.” 
“Yes, I would like that very much.” Xilton replied while she looked through the cases. “They are all truly remarkable. I look forward to seeing all which you have gathered through the years.”
“Very well. Tomorrow then. Perhaps your companions would wish to see them as well.”
“Yes, I imagine they would.”
Avonliel turned and opened the glass door of the cabinet behind her. Reaching in, she pulled out a set of arm bracers and turned back around, laying them down on the table in front of Xilton. “When I was younger I set out with a group bound for Jovian Falls. There were twelve of us. We traveled as we usually had, passing through the Iron Mountains, the dwarves may not care for us but they do tend to leave us be. Many things transpired along the way, which I will not go into detail, but sadly, only four of us made it out of the mountains alive.”
“Sad indeed. I am sorry to hear this.” Xilton said sincerely. “I know the dwarves mostly keep to themselves…”
Avonliel laughed dryly, interrupting her. “No, my dear. It was not the dwarves. Had it been, more of us would have survived. We happened upon the lair of a young red dragon.” Hearing Xilton gasp, the Queen paused. “At first he was just toying with us, but then when the beast tortured Kymel, burning him to a crisp…” Avonliel’s words trailed off as her thoughts took her back to the dreadful day long ago. Not wanting to interrupt the Queen, Xilton left her alone, letting Avonliel continue speaking when she was ready to. “After we had slain the magnificent creature, I found these in its hoard. They are magical. Wearing them, Xilton, your strikes become not only incredibly fast, but they enhance your strength as well. Your opponent will never see your attacks coming.”
“I… I do not know what to say.” The Monk said, struck speechless. The Queen smiled, pushing the bracers closer to her. Xilton looked down, truly seeing them for the first time and her breath caught. Her legs began to tremble.
Avonliel pulled out a chair. “Take a seat, my dear.” She took the Monk’s shoulders, easing her into the chair.
Xilton nodded in gratitude and picked up one of the bracers to get a closer look. They were made from leather which had been darkened by the light of the Darksun and round silver studs lined both the top and bottom, but what had the Monk in such a state of surprise was what was branded in the center of both bracers. Was it coincidence? No, Xilton did not believe in coincidences. She knew then and there she was meant to wear them. She took a quick second to look up at the Queen who stood peering down at her with a twinkle in her eye and a grin on her face before once again turning back to the bracers. Her finger trailed over the emblem of a stalking tiger. Xilton knew the emblem well since she had seen it every day her entire life. It belonged to her Monastery, Saint Chandler’s. Sliding on the bracers, she immediately felt a rush of power. “Did you know?”
Avonliel took her arm and turned it over, pulling at the laces to tighten them. “I knew they were meant for someone. I just did not know whom until we met earlier when I saw the marks upon your arms.”
“Thank you.” She eyed the bracers again and shook her head. “I can say that a hundred times and it would not be enough. This is truly a treasure you have given me.”
“There is no need to thank me, my dear.” When Avonliel finished tying both bracers, she turned and opened the glass in the case again, pulling out another object which she also laid on the table in front of Xilton. For the second time within minutes the Monk was having trouble catching her breath. “They are a set. These are anklets. Though it may take you some practice before using them.”
Xilton’s heart raced from excitement as she gently ran her fingers over the embellished face of the tiger. “This is incredible.” She mumbled.
“Incredible, yes. I would say so. I would also say someone very powerful is definitely looking out for you.” 
The Monk had to agree with her and she had a pretty good idea of who it was. All Xilton could do was hope that someday she would have the chance to meet her mother, the Goddess of Wisdom and thank her herself. “Do they have a name?”
 “I believe the set is known as ‘The Guardian of The Stalking Tiger’.” Avonliel replied. “Or so I was told. Beyond that, I know nothing more. But if you learn anything of them, I would be interested in hearing of it.”
“Interesting.”
“Yes.” Avonliel frowned in thought. “Perhaps she who wears them is known as The Guardian.”
Xilton sat staring at the ankle bracers a moment before slipping them on. The power she felt emanating from both objects was tremendous, so much so she knew it would take a bit of practice to get to the point to where she would be comfortable calling forth their full power, but Xilton kept them on, she was not about to take them off. She and the Queen talked a bit longer before returning to the celebration, though the Monk knew no matter how hard she tried, she would have a difficult time concealing her emotions. When they reached the bottom of the stairs Xilton remembered she still wore the borrowed cloak and attempted to remove it. 
Avonliel laid a hand on her arm and said, “You will need it for your travels. Keep it. My gift to you.”
“But you have given me so much as it is.”
The Queen smiled warmly. “Child, the bracers and anklets were never mine to give. They were placed there in that dragon’s hoard long ago by someone who wished me to find them for you. Long before you were even born.” Avonliel eyed her a moment. “I hope Lanithier does not make you uncomfortable.”
“Lanithier?”
“It think my Commander is intrigued by you. I have never seen him so curious about someone.” Avonliel’s eyes sparkled. “Enjoy your evening.” She said and walked away, leaving Xilton with much to think about. 
Meanwhile, Darius sat near the large fire with his eyes gazing out at the elven dancers swaying to a captivating melody. He found himself leaning back and closing his eyes.
He stood in a darkened room, though he knew he was not alone. Strong hands placed a sword into his right hand and just moments later, another blade was laid in his left hand. “Bless you, my son.” Said a deep voice.
Darius awoke with a start, the flames of the huge fire glowing in his eyes. His breath hitched as he came to his feet.
“Darius? Are you well?” Xilton asked, having noticed the look on his face when she departed ways with Avonliel.
“I feel… strange.” He replied, rubbing his temples. Seeing this, Makaelah and Kai’las had wandered over. Darius’ hand went to his chest and he took a deep breath. “I was not certain at first, though now I am.” He started mumbling, staring off into the fire without truly looking at the flames. “These blades were given to me by my father, Bronn.” His right hand trembled as he placed it around the hilt of the sword on his left. “This is Justifier… and this…” Darius did the same with the weapon on his right. “Is Silencer.” Once the words left his mouth, a power he had never before felt rushed through him as thunder rumbled above and a piercing white light shot forth from his eyes so fierce it brightened up the entire village. Those nearby turned away, covering their eyes from the intensity of it. It took several long moments for the light to fade, leaving his eyes now a glowing white.
The Fae and Makaelah shared a look while Xilton drew back, looking dismayed. Kai’las glanced around at all the elves staring in wonder before his eyes came back to rest on the Warrior.
“Is it my imagination or is he a bit taller?” Xilton uttered.
“No.” Kai’las replied with a wry grin. “You are not imaging it. He is yet taller and larger.” He took a few steps closer to the Warrior. “Darius.”
Darius, who now stood at six foot, seven inches and was even more broader, turned his eyes to the Fae. The glowing white had begun to recede, changing to a pale ice blue. No more was the deep blue of his Andorian roots. “Kai’las.” He muttered, shaking his head as he examined his hands, still feeling a steady flow of power surge through him. “I feel it still. What has happened? Do you know?”
“You have come fully into your powers.” Avonliel said from behind. Darius turned and cast her a look, noticing Shadowhawk and Lanithier stood beside her.
“I would say so, yes.” Kai’las replied with humor lacing his tone. “You have a powerful father with the God of War.” He grinned wickedly. “I for one am looking forward to finding out what you will be capable of.”
Shadowhawk muttered words in elven, appearing fascinated as she eyed the Warrior. Both Kai’las and Avonliel looked at her and laughed.
The Fae gazed at the Warrior with a mischievous grin set upon his face. “It appears our Elf is now intrigued by you.”
“Hmph.” Shadowhawk hissed, turning away.
Being too engrossed over what had occurred to him, Darius did not even hear his comment and took to examining his arms and hands once again. “Did this happen to you?”
Kai’las chuckled. “Me? No. I have always been omnipotent.”
“Of course you have.” Darius mumbled and then cast Makaelah a look. “You?”
The Celeyian have a nod. “Yes. It was very long ago, but it was slightly similar to what you just experienced.”
“It seems you will need new armor.” Avonliel stated and pointed to several areas on his armor where the stitching had come apart. Almost ripped to shreds.
“Bloody Faustus. I like this armor.”
The Queen smiled. “I will have some brought to you come dawn, for we will need time to make quite a few alterations.” She turned to her Commander. “Lanithier, will you see to it?” The male elf gave a nod.
“Gratitude.” Darius replied.
“Of course. Now, if you will excuse me while I get things back in order here once again.” Avonliel stepped away with Lanithier following behind and within minutes, the music was playing and the dancers were swaying.
Xilton took a seat and cleared her throat. “Does this happen to all those with Godly lineage? Myself and Shadowhawk?” She looked around and noticed the Elf had already wandered off.
“It is different for all.” Makaelah replied, taking a seat beside the Monk. “Some may receive their powers all at once, as I did. Some may get them in spurts, a little at a time. Kai’las has had his since birth. I believe Darius, if I am not mistaken, already had some of his powers and just now fully received the rest. It is not certain how it will happen, but it will.”

†

Perched up on the highest rooftop, Shadowhawk looked down at her companions. She felt she barely knew them and yet spent much time in their company already. Too much time as far as she was concerned. Shadowhawk grabbed ahold of the edge of the roof and lowered herself down, dropping the remainder of the way to the deck. She entered her small tree hut, a place which was just hers alone. Her sanctuary.
Shadowhawk stepped up to a high table where a variety of items were spread out upon it. After reviewing an assortment of various colored leaves, she selected a few, placing them in a wooden bowl with a few drops of water and using a tool to finely grind them. Shadowhawk took the bowl with her and sat down in her chair to resume her painting. She had begun working on it a week before her Queen sent her off to Pembrook, taking it up once again almost immediately upon returning home. Now, it was almost completed.
Another hour had passed while Shadowhawk worked on her painting by the light of four candles steadily burning, enjoying her quiet solitude when a light tapping sounded on the door. She knew at once who it was, for only one which she knew of had such delicate hands to tap so softly and yet those hands could also be firm when called for. Shadowhawk opened the door, allowing her Queen to enter her abode.
Avonliel’s eyes drifted over the small hut resting on the painting. “So, this is what you have been spending your time at.” She said in elven. “It is beautiful, D’ae Feon. I am curious, what made you decide on this?”
Shadowhawk was thoughtful for a time. She walked to her table, setting aside her bowl and brush. “It appeared to me in my dreams.”
Avonliel regarded her for several long moments before she gave a nod of her head. “It is time.”
Shadowhawk turned from her table, staring at her Queen with open surprise spread across her face. “You believe that is what this is?”
“I do. Among other things.” Avonliel responded calmly. “I will send Lanithier to you.” She moved to leave but stopped short of the door. “I am proud of you, D’ae Feon.”
When her Queen stepped out, closing the door behind her, Shadowhawk turned back to her painting and regarded it curiously.

†

Makaelah rose early the next morning. She was sipping on a strong cup of tea which one of the elves had prepared for her while warming up by the fire. She and only a handful of elves were up at the early hour enjoying the light of the Darksun’s first rays. On Celeya, Makaelah had always been one to rise before many of the other Celeyians and she preferred it that way. It allowed her quiet time to herself before others rose, a sure sign it was time to begin the day. As she was sitting there she felt the lightest of kisses on her cheek and then the brush of one across her lips. Makaelah smiled. “You are awfully bold to steal kisses. Though I see you think you have to be invisible to do so.”
Kai’las appeared in front of her. “Well, I would not try to steal them if you would just offer them to me willingly.” He said with a wicked grin. “Good morning, beautiful.”
“Kai’las. How did you sleep?”
“Let me think… how did I sleep?” He repeated, pondering the question before answering. “Fairly well. And You?”
“Surprisingly good.” Makaelah looked off towards the guest huts when something caught her attention. A barefoot female elf was closing the door to Kai’las’ hut with her boots wrapped tightly in her arms. The Seraph laughed. “I question though how much sleep you truly got.”
Kai’las turned to see what she was speaking of, seeing the elf rush off through the trees. He laughed with her. “That, my dear was Elora and she is…” His words died from his lips when a second elf maiden walked out the door carrying her boots as well. Makaelah raised a brow. “Talila. Both are sweet as can be and I have never been one to…” When his hut door opened and a third elf crept out, Makaelah’s laughter grew louder. “And Anarra. As I was saying, indecision is one of my strong suits. Always has been.” He sighed deeply. “Especially with elves.”
“I would ask if you enjoyed the celebration last night, though it seems obvious you had. Perhaps a little too much.” She japed.
“Amusing. I will admit, I did enjoy it. It went on for hours even after you retired.”
“I can see that.” She took a sip of her tea. “And keep in mind, there is another celebration tonight.”
“Yes, the elves do love their festivities. Although, I do not think I will end it as I did the last.” Kai’las put his hand to his mouth and quietly said, “The Wild Elves sure live up to their name… if you know what I mean.”
Makaelah chuckled. “Personally, I do not know what you mean nor do I think I want to.”
They watched as Darius stepped out from his structure, wearing brown leather elven armor. His ice blue eyes immediately scanned the village coming to rest on the two of them. He inclined his head before walking off.
“Strange.” Makaelah uttered from behind her tea cup.
Kai’las rubbed his chin. “Indeed.”

†

“How has your journey been thus far?” Lanithier asked as he and Shadowhawk walked through the forest.
She gave him a mocking look. “Wonderful.”
The male elf laughed. “It cannot be that bad. Your new companions do not appear to be too awful. What do you think of the Fae?”
Shadowhawk scoffed. “I think he is the worst of them. Or perhaps the Warrior. I am yet undecided. Why do you ask?”
“No reason.” Lanithier was quiet for a moment. “And what about Xilton?”
She eyed him from the side. “What about her?”
“She is quiet and has not spoken much during their time here.”
Her eyebrows rose and a grin spread across her face. “You have been watching her. She is young and a human, Lanithier.”
“What does her being human have to do with anything, D’ae Feon? She is immortal. And for some reason, which I cannot explain, I find myself intrigued by her. She is from Brighton, no doubt?”
“No doubt, though she is not aware of it. She grew up in Saint Chandler’s.” Shadowhawk stopped walking, her eyes meeting his. “I will say between the four of them, I would almost consider Xilton a friend.”
He grinned. “I suppose that is a lot coming from you.”
“It is.” Shadowhawk agreed, then scanned the forest. “Now, where am I to go?”
The male elf gave her a grin. “That, my friend, is entirely up to you. Let your boots guide you.” Lanithier laid a comforting hand on her shoulder when he noticed the concern in her eyes. “You need not worry, D’ae Feon. There are sentries posted all around you, though they are not close enough to prove any disruptions.”
“That is not my concern.” Shadowhawk uttered.
Lanithier’s brows furrowed. “Then what?”
She stared over at her friend, her eyes meeting his. Shadowhawk did feel safe with her sentries out there, for many were their numbers. The truth was, what she worried over was fear of her emotions since she knew not what to expect. Shadowhawk smiled. “Nothing. All will be well.”
Lanithier nodded. “Indeed it will.” He handed her the pack of supplies, placing his hand on her shoulder. “Peace be upon you, my friend.”
She smiled, putting her hand on his shoulder. “And you, my friend.” She turned, bounding away.
Shadowhawk dashed through the forest knowing not where her feet were taking her. The ancient trees stood serenely, the foliage thick and dense. Birds were twittering high up in the canopy while she moved, sprinting lightly on her feet, passing a family of deer by the creek. They stopped drinking and glanced up at her but made no attempt to flee. She grinned as she continued on, moving deeper into Greenmar, dodging trees and small scurrying animals as she ran faster and faster. It surprised her the rate of speed she was traveling and the fact that she was able to move so quickly, it was almost as if her body naturally sensed she was coming upon an object and glided herself around it. 
After running for nearly two hours, Shadowhawk came upon a small glade where the trees receded and suddenly came to a stop, her boots sliding in the dirt and leaving a deep trail four feet long. Having no idea what was special about the area, she knew for certain that was where she had been led to.
A gentle breeze swept through, rustling the dried leaves of the underbrush as small rays of light shot through the canopy from the light of the Darksun. Shadowhawk walked to the center of the glade and sat down, crossing her legs. She opened the pack that Lanithier had provided her with and began emptying its contents, setting everything down in front of her. When the pack was empty, she laid it aside and regarded the items before her. A silver bowl. A pestle. A pouch of dried herbs. A long feather. Flint and steel. Shadowhawk took a deep breath and went to work. Picking up the pouch, she emptied the contents of the herbs into the silver bowl and began using the pestle, grinding them down. She then used the flint and steel, holding them close to the bowl and igniting the finely crushed herbs. Closing her eyes, words of elven sprung forth from her mouth as she used the feather to stir the smoke from the herbs, guiding it towards her and breathing it in.
Shadowhawk sat for over an hour, when suddenly her stomach twisted and she felt her legs moving, rushing through thick foliage. She opened her eyes and it was as though they were not her own, but another being’s altogether. As they ran as one, Shadowhawk could see what it was seeing, the trees, the blooms, the forest animals as they all rushed to scurry out of the way. Their heart beat as one, a deep pulsing in her ears and the heavy footfalls, a pounding getting closer. Closer. Closer. Closer.
In the glade where Shadowhawk sat, she gasped deeply, sucking in a huge breath and her eyes flew wide open, seeing a large glowing apparition of a bear rush into the clearing. It let out an enormous growl before jumping directly into her.

†

Xilton was a short distance from the elven village beside a small lake where the trees broke away and the ground was clear. She had been there since dawn, training with her new anklets and bracers. After she had first started working with them she was amazed to find just how powerful the pieces of armor actually were. Xilton jumped and dove into the air, spinning several times and coming to rest in a crouch in front of a pair of leather clad legs. Her eyes traveled upward, peering into the pale blue eyes of Lanithier. The elf leaned against a tree, his eyes trailing across her face. The Monk stood and backed up a few steps.
“Apologies. I did not mean to startle you.” He pushed off the tree. “You fight well. Your moves are impressive.”
Xilton’s eyes shot around. “You were watching me?”
“And if I were?” Lanithier asked with a grin, seeing her cheeks redden. “Do not be embarrassed. You intrigue me, Xilton.”
“Why?”
He shrugged a shoulder. “You have a kindness about you. Your heart is pure. Full of unselfishness and grace. Yet as I watched you, you can be deadly when need be.”
She gazed at him a moment. He was tall for an elf, standing about the same height as her. “I have trained all my life.” Xilton uttered, sitting down, and leaning against the tree.
Lanithier glanced around before he sat as well and offered her his waterskin, which she accepted and took a long drink from. She nodded and passed it back. He gently nudged her with a shoulder. “In case you had wondered, I was not following you. I was with D’ae Feon and happened to see you on my way back to the village.”
“You are close with Shadowhawk.”
He smiled. “Yes. We grew up together. She is stubborn, that one.”
Xilton chuckled. “Tell me about it.”
“She speaks highly of you.” Lanithier said, Xilton giving him a look of surprise. “It is true. You do not know D’ae Feon as I do. She may be stubborn and irritating at times but when you need her, she will always have your back.”
“Yes, actually I believe she would.”
Lanithier leaned close and said, “Now, tell me of yourself, Xilton Taregan.”
Xilton turned and gazed at the striking elf sitting beside her. “Me?” She shook her head. “I am afraid there is not much to tell.”
Lanithier’s blue eyes lit up when he smiled. “I do not believe that. My ears would welcome anything you have to say.”
“Is that so?” Xilton said with a laugh, finding it odd how comfortable she felt around the male elf. 
The two of them sat conversing for another hour, Xilton speaking of her life in the Monastery while Lanithier spoke of growing up in Greenmar. She actually found herself growing somber when she realized their time together was at its end.
“I fear I must get back to my duties.” Lanithier reluctantly said. “Avonliel has probably wondered where I have wandered off to.”
“Yes, I should go as well.”
He came to his feet and reached out a hand to help her stand. “It has been a pleasure, Xilton. May I walk you to the village?”
The Monk gave a smile. “Yes, of course.”

†

Midafternoon, the immortals, with the exception of Shadowhawk, accompanied Queen Avonliel to her chambers where she revealed to them her immense collection of artifacts. Xilton had been looking forward to it since the night before when the Queen had given her the bracers and anklets.
Avonliel had quite the collection from gemstones and spell books to bastard swords and full suits of armor. She would not say exactly how long she had been collecting the items, only that her obsession had started centuries ago when she was a very young elf. Most of the items, Avonliel had no concerns with the demigods picking up and handling, except for a few which she was certain were magical but had yet to discover their powers. 
“Some of these items capabilities are unknown to me.” The Queen said. “Even the magic users I have employed to study them have not been able to discern them. So, it is best if they are not handled.”
“Very wise.” Darius replied. “As unfortunately, I have seen firsthand the repercussions of the wrong person taking hold of a magical item they should not. Trust me, it is not a pretty sight to see.”
“Yes, as have I.” Avonliel said and then added, “And you are correct, Captain, it is not… pretty, but fear not, those items are kept locked in a separate case in another room altogether. So, please feel free to handle any item you wish in this room and the others I have shown you.” She turned and walked away, leaving them alone while she went to tend to other matters.
At first, the four of them walked through the alcoves, not speaking much as they examined the various artifacts.
Xilton picked up a silver mirror, the handle looking worn and tarnished. Flipping it over, she gazed into the glass and gasped when she did not see her own reflection looking back, but that of a blonde blue-eyed woman. She quickly turned it over, setting it back down.
Kai’las stood staring at a golden crown, feeling as though it were calling to him. His brows furrowed in perplexity.
“Every Prince should have a crown.” Darius voiced from behind.
“No. I do not like crowns, just as you do not like helmets. But there is something about this one.” His head tilted to the side. “Something odd.”
Darius grinned. “Maybe you should try it on.”
Kai’las’ eyes narrowed on the crown for a few moments. “Perhaps I will just… try it out.” Lifting the crown, he set it atop his head and immediately, his cloudy eyes widened. Turning, he jumped atop the table and started dancing a jig while words flowed from his mouth as he belted out a song.
Darius’ shoulders shook as he burst with laughter, his other two companions coming to stand by his side, both trying desperately to contain themselves. Darius wiped the tears from the corner of his eyes, glancing at Makaelah and Xilton. “The Crown of Fools.”
“Should we relieve him of it?” Makaelah asked with a giggle.
“Nah… let him keep it on a little while longer.”

CHAPTER
15

Once full darkness set in, so did the second nights celebration. During their entire stay with the Wild Elves, Queen Avonliel proved to be a gracious hostess, going out of her way to ensure her guests were well tended to. The half-Gods found their time spent with the elves were just what was needed, allowing them to temporarily escape the weight of the burden that had been placed upon their shoulders. They tried their best to enjoy their evening while mentally preparing themselves for departure in the morning.
“Walk with me?” The Queen asked Makaelah, who had been sitting near the fire watching the dancers sway to an enchanting melody. Avonliel was beautiful in a crimson gown which flowed elegantly to the ground.
The Seraph immediately stood. “Of course.” The Queen linked her arm with Makaelah’s, leading her outside of the celebration. The two of them had spoken quite often during their stay in Greenmar, Makaelah realizing quickly how much she enjoyed their conversations.
As they walked, the Queen abruptly stopped to examine Makaelah’s head band. “What an unusual stone. It is quite exquisite. What do you call it?”
“The stone is call Zurenthil.” Makaelah answered. “It was given to me by someone close to my heart.”
Queen Avonliel quieted a moment while studying her eyes. “Yes. I see. Someone very close. Your father if I am not mistaken.”
“Yes.” Makaelah said, surprised, though she did not know why she should be. She knew Avonliel had the foresight and had made many other comments during her two day stay in the capital village of Greenmar.
“What has it been like to have the Lord of the Angelic Host as a father? I have heard Allassidel is a good and just God.”
“He is. And incredibly kind. We have always been extremely close.”
Avonliel smiled and took off walking once again, pulling Makaelah along with her and changing the conversation. “Have you enjoyed your stay in Greenmar?”
“I have indeed. You have been very gracious.” Makaelah replied smiling and then added, “Tassuri’ ele,” which meant ‘thank you’ in elven.
“You speak the language of the elves.”
Makaelah smiled. “I speak many languages.”
Avonliel regarded her a moment, her eyes boring into the Seraph’s. “How has your journey been thus far with these companions you barely know?”
“We all have our moments but for the most part we seem to get past them.” Makaelah paused to carefully choose her words. “Although Captain Varen most times appears to despise me.”
The Queen smiled. “He tries to despise you, though he is unsuccessful. Captain Varen is a private man, there is more to his story.” Avonliel grew quiet for a time as they walked, not speaking again for several moments. “It was an honor for me to witness him receiving the powers of his Godly lineage. I can only hope D’ae Feon will come into hers soon as well. This, I have not be allowed to foresee.” She smiled. “I am a true believer in what the five of you are doing. I genuinely admire you. You are putting your life on the line to save Rystarr while many would not. You and the Fae Prince taking part in this has touched me the most, since neither of you are natives of Rystarr.”
“If Rystarr falls, there is a great chance Faery and Celeya may fall as well. What choice do we have? We are the only ones who even stand half a chance at accomplishing it. I would gladly put my life at risk to save Rystarr and apologies Avonliel, but I… I could only hope you are wrong about this one and others would do the same.”
The Queen had shown she was not offended in the least when she smiled warmly and replied, “You are not from the material plane, Commander. The divine are not like us here on Rystarr.” She took a deep breath and exhaled. “Many here would not do the same. A fact which is sad, but true.”
Makaelah stopped walking and quieted for a moment in thought, her features troubled. “There are many cruel people on Rystarr, but I have to hope there are just as many with kindness and love in their hearts. Otherwise, what hope does the world truly have when all is said and done?”
Avonliel smiled, her green eyes full of warmth. “Wise words, Commander. There are many who could learn a great deal from you.”
As they walked back toward the festivities, Makaelah glanced around, her eyes coming to rest on Xilton who was standing off to one side talking to Lanithier. “It appears my companion has acquired a new friend.”
Avonliel tilted her head. “Yes, it is strange. My Commander has a strong affinity towards the Monk. Even he does not understand it.” Her eyes met the Seraph’s. “Yet who are we to question the Gods?”
 They found Kai’las leaning back against a tree surrounded by several elven maidens, but the instant the Fae spotted Makaelah he smiled, pushing away from the tree, and apologizing to the maidens who truly appeared disheartened he was leaving them. Walking up to Makaelah, Kai’las held his hand out to her. “It is our last night here and I am not about to depart without us enjoying at least one dance together. May I? I promise not to step on your toes.”
The Queen let out a whimsical laugh. “Enjoy the celebration you two.”
They watched for a quiet moment as Avonliel stepped away.
“It is probably I who should promise not to step on your toes. It is not too often I am given the chance for a dance.” Makaelah said suddenly, a touch embarrassed.
“All the more reason to accept my request.”
“Very well.” 
When she took his hand, Kai’las kissed it. “I have heard the many tiny bones in an Angel’s wings are hollow, so I do not think you weigh quite enough to break my toes.” She chuckled, letting him lead the way.
The two of them danced to a few songs, Makaelah losing all thoughts of her conversation with Avonliel and even though the dances did not involve any complicated moves, it still surprised Makaelah how experienced Kai’las was at it. “Who taught you to dance?”
“Marilia Silveroak.” He grinned. “Why? Am I completely awful?”
Makaelah laughed seeing the flash of light cross his eyes which she had grown used to. “No, of course not. You are a wonderful dancer, Kai’las. But then, I realized this earlier when we were in the Queen’s chamber.” She said in jest.
He gave a grim look. “I told you all, that was never to be spoken of again. How did Darius even know about the Crown of Fools?”
“I have no idea, but it was rather amusing.” 
“I am sure it was.”
Makaelah smiled. “But in truth, you are a wonderful dancer, Kai’las.”
The corner of his mouth tipped up in a crooked grin. “Why do I feel like you seem surprised?”
“Because I am… a little. Though I suppose I should not be. There are many things about you which surprise me. But you said Marilia Silveroak?” Makaelah thought the name over in her head. “Is that elven?”
“Why yes, it is. Throughout my long life, I have spent a lot of time on Rystarr away from my father. Court life in Faery could be quite tedious at times. I am hardly ever left to myself. So, you see, I had made a lot of friends with the Wood Elves of the Elm Forest. For a while there, in my younger years, it became almost a habit, me sneaking off every chance I had, until my Father got wise and closed the gates of Faery for a time. Now, I am quite old enough to come and go as I please.”
“Well, I should say that Marilia was a good teacher.”
“Yes, she was. We helped each other out. She taught me how to dance and I taught her many… other talents.” He said with a wink. “I will never forget her.” Obviously not wanting to speak on the subject any further, Kai’las cleared his throat. “Surprisingly, the Celeyian dance is very similar to elven. Who was your teacher?”
“My first Captain.” She smiled and added, “and yes… we taught each other various other talents as well.”
“Commander, I am in shock.” Was his exaggerated reply which caused Makaelah to break out in laughter. Kai’las took her hand and spun her around. He caught sight of Darius watching them by the fire. “Do not look now but I do believe we are being watched.”
“Let me guess… Captain Varen.” She sneered quietly.
“He has been thoughtful. Something is eating away at him. I wonder…” Kai’las stared at the Warrior for several seconds before he finally grinned. “No… could it be? Of course. It all makes sense.”
“What do you mean?” She asked suspiciously.
Kai’las halted their dance and gazed into her eyes. “Makaelah…” One side of his mouth tipped up. “This may not be something you wish to hear but I am going to tell you anyways because…” He stopped and stared at her. “No. Perhaps I should not.” 
“Kai’las!”
His eyes moved briefly to something behind her. “You should kiss me. Right now.”
“What?” She gasped.
“Now, Makaelah, it will mean absolutely nothing.” He grinned and added, “And I am after all a terrific kisser, or so I have been told… by many in fact.” Kai’las laughed, pulling her closer. “Alright, fret not. You do not have to. I was only trying to prove a point.”
“Which is?”
Darius cleared his throat from behind. “Would you mind?”
She glared at Kai’las, who obviously saw the Warrior approach them. “Of course not.” The Fae said, placing her hand into his. “You should have kissed me.” He whispered into her ear as he stepped away.
The two of them danced a moment before Darius said, “Thank you for not turning me away.”
“It is only a dance.” Makaelah replied calmly and looked away.
Darius sighed deeply, closing his eyes briefly before he opened them and spoke. “I fear I owe you an apology.” She stayed silent; a look of surprise shown clearly in her expression. “There was an incident, during the last year of the Goblin Wars. A male Celeyian portaled through into our camp in search of my commanding officer. Days later I learnt my King had personally requested help from the Celeyians. You see, at the time we found ourselves surrounded by hundreds of Goblins with no hope in defeating them.” Darius paused, taking a deep breath. “The Seraph had arrived with the news that there would be no assistance from the Celeyians. The message he brought with him was short, containing only five words, ‘It is not Celeya’s Battle’.” His voice broke and he cleared his throat. “I lost many good men during that particular battle, including my brother.”
“Darius I…” Makaelah shook her head, suddenly overwhelmed with emotions.
“I apologize that this has taken me so long, but I have come to realize I cannot blame you for any of this when it was not your fault to begin with. I have treated you so unjust and for that I am truly sorry.” A tear slid down her cheek and Darius gently brushed it away. “You do not have to say anything. I only needed to tell you. The man I have shown you... that is not me.” He pulled her a little closer and the two took up their dance awhile longer in silence.
They were quiet for some time before Makaelah pulled back, gathering up the courage to speak. “Darius, you need to know…” Her words died on her tongue when she saw his strange eyes dart off in the distance. “Darius?”
“I saw something but I would like to look into it first before raising any alarm.”
“Very well. Be careful.”
He smiled. “If I did not know better I would almost believe you were concerned for me. My thanks for the dance.” He took her hand and kissed it, sending chills up her arm.
He immediately rushed off through the trees, his head brushing across a high branch. Darius blew out a breath, still unaccustomed to his newfound height. Ducking low, he moved quietly from tree to tree, traveling a ways out from the village. He scanned the surrounding area as best he could under the circumstances, for the night was dark. His feet hit something solid and Darius realized rather quickly that it was a body. Crouching down next to it for further inspection, he did what he could to check for any signs of life.
“He is an elven sentry.” Kai’las said, suddenly standing above him. “Or was. Makaelah said you spotted something.”
“Aye. The same figure as before.” Darius stood straight. “At least I thought I did. I am starting to doubt myself.”
“Why do you say that?”
“How is it we can never find this hooded figure? Nor any sign he was ever there? He leaves no trace.” Darius was thoughtful as he brushed a hand through his hair. “Why am I the only one who has seen him?”
“Do not doubt yourself. I have sensed him.”
“MEKA ‘EN SOR’IN!” An elf shouted in alert which was then followed by the sounds of battle. They locked eyes for a brief second, both with the same look of dread in their eyes, before Kai’las shifted out and Darius rushed off through the trees having no idea what he would find once he reached the village.
The village was in pure chaos. Lanithier and his soldiers were in battle against creatures Darius had never seen the likes of before. He unsheathed his swords and jumped in, battling wicked looking bat creatures.
Makaelah was flanked by four of the beasts but as with the Goblins in Jovian Falls, the creatures made no move to attack, keeping a wide berth from her while not allowing the Celeyian to move and lend her assistance to others.
Two creatures came upon Xilton at the same time and she unleased her twenty years of training on the deadly beasts at once, allowing her the chance to test her new gifts from the Queen in battle. The Monk’s strength and speed were exceptionally heightened, killing one beast instantly with just a simple spinning hook kick before taking the other down with an uppercut which nearly went through the creature’s skull. She turned, preparing to strike another coming at her when two swords slashed through its neck, taking the creature’s head off. When the beast dropped, Lanithier stood behind with his swords raised, their eyes locking for a brief instant before the elf turned his attention on another creature.
Shadowhawk jumped from the trees into the middle of it all, landing in a crouch. Swinging her sword over her head, she brought it down, slicing through the center of the creature on her right. She spun in a rush, kicking the one on her left as she did and knocking it back several feet. She then turned, giving the creature which had come up on her from behind her full attention. Shadowhawk swiped her sword horizontally, slashing the beast’s arm, then sprung back to strike at it again, unbeknownst to her the creature she had kicked before it was coming up behind. In that moment, a soft glow emitted from her and the ghostly apparition of a large bear came from within her, separating from Shadowhawk. It let out an enormous growl before charging into the forthcoming beast, gripping it in its deadly jaws and ripping it to pieces.
Makaelah knew exactly what the creatures were which was why she was extremely thankful they were not attacking her. She took advantage of the opportunity and moved to lend her assistance to Xilton, but there were still two of the creatures blocking her path. The Seraph welcomed the first beast with a slash to its chest and another to its leg, the final blow proving to be fatal when she stabbed the creature through the heart, it fell to the ground convulsing violently. Easy kills when the beasts would do nothing but stand and stare at her. It was almost as though instinct was telling them to attack, but something was keeping them from doing so.
Darius unsheathed his enhanced blades in one smooth motion, feeling his strength and power increase ten-fold. He engaged with two of the beasts at once, taking turns swiping at one and kicking the other. Darius brought Silencer up, sweeping it around in an arc while calling out its name on a whisper, he took one of the beasts head clean off. He then turned his full attention to the other, slashing out with Justifier, the blades etched runes glowing an eerie red. The sword struck and the creature cried out and dropped as the wound in its gut instantly smoked and hissed, the flesh eating away. A burst of pain shattered Darius’ concentration and he let out a battle cry while his eyes turned a glowing white. His blades started spinning with an unnatural powerful speed as he moved forward toward the large beast which struck him, slicing the creature into several pieces. 
The last creature that had been blocking Makaelah stood staring at her as the ones before it had done when suddenly, Kai’las appeared standing before it. Swinging his sword in an arc over his head, he brought it down with both hands aiming right for the creature’s heart. Ice blue lightning crackled throughout the beast’s chest as it screamed in pain, clenching the open wound, and dropping to its knees. He whirled in blur of speed, taking the creature’s head off and ending its torment. Another came at him on his side. He spun, slamming his palm onto the creature’s chest, blasting it with the element of air and causing it to shoot backwards, crashing into a tree. Kai’las lifted his free hand and thunder echoed throughout the sky. Lightning shot down through his sword, Glimmer, and several streaks branched out of the blade, piercing straight through seven of the creatures heads. They fell instantly, the holes in their skulls smoking.
None of the beasts escaped or attempted to, even when it was obvious they did not stand a chance. When they killed off the last one and the battle ended, it was certain the Wild Elves had lost more than just a few of their own. The survivors tended to the wounded and, sadly, moved their fallen comrades to another location where they were lain until the morn when they could be properly buried.
“It is a deep cut.” The Queen said, tending to Darius’ wound personally. “But what is strange… it seems to be healing as we speak.”
Darius raised a curious brow. “Hmm.”
“You might find that to be normal now.” Makaelah said. “Now that you have come into your powers. Of course some wounds are different than others.”
“Well, that is something.” Darius grinned, pulling his undershirt over his head.
“Yes, I would say so.” Avonliel said with a faint smile, then regarded the others. “Do we know what those horrible creatures were? I have never seen the likes of them before.”
“Nor I.” Darius replied shaking his head.
“I am not surprised.” Kai’las answered. “Few on Rystarr have ever heard of them but they have been in existence for several eons. They are called Kromiths. Normally they would attack from the sky but the trees of the forest are too thick. As you have found, their claws are sharp as daggers but one small bite from their fangs will kill you from a venom which is deadly poison. Foul creatures born of Blarth.”
Queen Avonliel nodded. “There are a few of my kin who suffer from the poison of their bite.” She shook her head somberly. “And I can do nothing for them.” 
Makaelah stood. “There is a chance I may be able to. It is a small chance, but I will try.”
“Yes, please do.” Avonliel responded and turned behind her to address Faelyn in elven, asking him to show Makaelah to the wounded.
The male elf nodded his head, replying in elven before gesturing for Makaelah to follow him. “This way, Commander.” 
After they left, Avonliel continued the conversation they had been having. “Kromiths you say? The looks of them were truly evil. I am certain they were sent here to stop you from continuing your journey.”
“Onin en’ ranja, ne’ Tar’in.” Shadowhawk’s eyes glistened as she spoke in her native tongue to the Queen.
Avonliel laid a hand on Shadowhawk’s arm with a caring smile while she spoke softly in return. She then turned to the others. “D’ae Feon apologizes for that which is no fault of hers, nor is it any of yours.”
Kai’las scoffed in disgust and stood up. “I beg to differ, Avonliel. There is no one to blame here but us.” He leaned back against a tree; his usual cheerful mood dulled by the dark cloud hanging over them. “We were fools to make the mistake of coming here.”
Shadowhawk nodded. “For once we agree.”
Queen Avonliel shook her head. “Nonsense. There is a reason for all which happens, Kai’las.”
“Look around you.” The Fae replied somewhat coldly. “How can you say that with ease?”
“With ease? Do not misunderstand me, Kai’las… it is very unfortunate and saddens my heart to see so many of my family lost but I am speaking of the entire perspective. I would risk a few to save thousands.” She spoke somberly and then turned to address the Warrior. “I am curious to know what you saw that alerted you?”
“Something I have seen before.” Darius had trouble speaking when a lump formed in his throat. “We had been aware we were being followed since Janardan, only I… I had hoped once we left Jovian Falls on the boat we might have lost whoever it was. Although, before we entered your village I thought…” Darius shook his head, lowering it.
“The fault is mine.” Shadowhawk spoke up, surprising them all. “When we first arrived in Greenmar he had mentioned to me of his concerns regarding what he had seen. I gathered together a scouting party and we patrolled both the inner and outer perimeters but found nothing. Perhaps I should have been more thorough. The fault is mine those creatures assaulted us.”
“No, D’ae Feon.” Lanithier, who had been standing behind, spoke up. “I know you. You are extremely thorough. If you found nothing, then it was because there was nothing to be found.”
“Lanithier is right.” Avonliel replied.
“But I do not understand how I could keep missing this.” Shadowhawk said.
Avonliel was thoughtful. “He uses magic to conceal himself else I am certain you would have seen him clearly by now. A Mage perhaps, concealing himself as well as his tracks. Whatever it is, there is a good reason why you have found no sign of him, I assure you, D’ae Feon. You are an excellent Ranger, keep on and I am certain you will find him.”
“We do know he is a mage.” Shadowhawk nodded. “Perhaps you are right.”
“Perhaps?” The Queen responded with her brow raised, causing the very slightest touch of a smile to form on Shadowhawk’s face.
Kai’las regarded the Elf. She appeared different to him. Not just the long feather she now wore threaded in her hair but her eyes. They were fierce. He also witnessed the appearance of her spirit animal. “You have been busy while at home, D’ae Feon.” He glanced at Lanithier. The two of them locked eyes for a moment before the male elf gave him a nod.
Shadowhawk said nothing but stared at her Queen. “Yes.” Avonliel started. “It is good D’ae Feon returned when she did. Having her sword in this battle truly helped.”
“It is a puzzle why Makaelah is not attacked.” Xilton said, shaking her head.
Lanithier frowned and tilted his head. “What do you mean?”
“She is avoided in battles. Here and in Jovian Falls.”
“Now this is truly odd.” Avonliel pondered the Monk’s remark. “And she has no idea the reason behind it?”
Kai’las rubbed the back of his neck, letting out a long breath. “No. No idea. She was attacked by soldiers the moment she arrived on Rystarr but the assaults after that Makaelah has been left alone. Completely avoided.” He paused a moment in thought. “I would not think a Kromith could be controlled as such. They are raging beasts. Truly evil. I could see it in their eyes, they wanted to attack her.”
“I am not certain if it is fortunate or not her being left alone as such.” Xilton said, cleaning the dried blood from her knuckles. “Obviously, there is an explanation for it, but how do we find out what it is?”
“The only way to do so would be to ask someone who knows.” Kai’las stated.
“The dark figure.” Darius said, yawning. He did not realize how tired he was until just then.
“Yes.” Kai’las quietly muttered. “But I have no idea how we could manage it when he seems to disappear so suddenly.”
“Perhaps he is one of yours.” Lanithier chimed in.
Kai’las laughed dryly. “He would not be Seelie. Unseelie perhaps.” He became thoughtful for a moment, rubbing his chin. He had not even considered it, though he supposed anything was possible at that point.
“How could we find this out?” Xilton asked.
“We catch him and ask.”
Xilton chuckled. “Could it be that simple?”
“Yes and no.” Kai’las answered. “Asking him is the easy part. Fae cannot lie, but we need to catch him first.” He quieted for a time. “Although to be honest, I do not think this possible or perhaps I do not want it to be possible. Typically Fae do not turn on their own, even our Dark Fae brethren.”
“So then perhaps it is a mage.” Xilton responded.
“Yes.” Kai’las nodded. “I think it is more likely the case. The magic that was used in the forest of Janardan was not Fae... at least not with the control of the weather. It was a spellcaster who performed those spells.”
Xilton’s brows furrowed. “And the blooms which spread across the forest floor?”
“Oh, I take credit for those.” He said with a lopsided grin. “As well as the bolts of lightning which struck down on our mysterious dark figure.”
Darius stretched and yawned. “It is a shame you missed him.”
Makaelah returned then with Faelyn at her side. “I have done what I could for them.” The Celeyian voiced. “They appear to be resting peacefully.”
Avonliel gave her a faint smile. “You have my thanks, Makaelah.” She glanced around her village seeing the ruined remains of the once joyous celebration. “I am sure you all would like to get at least a few hours of sleep before you take leave in the morn and I need some rest as well. Tomorrow is going to be a trying day for Greenmar. So, I will leave you to it. Good night.” She stood. “Lanithier.”
“Yes.” He peered at Xilton, the two sharing a smile before he stepped away with Avonliel and Shadowhawk.
“Sleep does sounds good about now.” Darius voiced, gathering up his armor that was lying at his feet before he stood. He took a moment to regard the Monk’s bracers, noticing the tiger symbol of her monastery. “You said Avonliel had given you these?”
“Yes.” Xilton replied with a faint smile while the four of them made their way to the cottages. “Imagine my surprise when they bore the symbol of Saint Chandler’s.”
Darius was thoughtful for several long moments before he responded. “I have seen something similar before. A chest piece bearing this mark.” He stated and Xilton’s eyes flew to his in surprise. “Though it was many years ago.”
“Please, tell me of it.”
Darius shook his head. “There is not much to tell. This was when I had first joined the Kingsguard, so I was perhaps six and ten. It was a monk who wore the armor and she traveled with, I would say, maybe twenty other monks. I did not speak with them. I just took notice of her because...” Darius cleared his throat. “Well, she was the only female traveling with a group of men. And I was young.”
Kai’las laughed. “As if that would stop you even today.”
“Did you happen to notice if she wore the bracers or anklets?” Xilton asked, ignoring the Fae’s comment.
“She did not. At least not the bracers.” Darius replied. “I remember this because I took notice of the gold bands around her upper arms. They were the only adornment that decorated her arms.”
By then, they had walked to the front of the guest cottages. The Monk turned to him and said, “Thank you for telling me this.”
“Of course. Good night, Xilton.” Darius turned to his other two companions, giving them a slight smile. “Makaelah...Kai’las.”
Kai’las inclined his head while Makaelah responded, “Sleep well, Darius.”
As their two companions stepped into their cottages, the Fae took Makaelah’s hand. “I will see you to your door.” He uttered, walking her to her cottage. “I fear the new dawn will not bring a more pleasant day than this one turned out to be. I mourn for the Wild Elves.”
“I do as well. It is a sorrowful time.” She replied and he nodded in agreement. Makaelah was thoughtful a moment. “Shadowhawk...”
“Yes. She has changed. I sense there are two beings within her now. Though she appears more at peace.”
The Celeyian gave a nod of her head. “Good. That is good. Try and sleep well, my friend.”
“You as well, Makaelah.” Kai’las replied, kissing her lightly on the cheek before shifting away.
The Seraph stepped into her cottage, adjusting her eyes to the darkness as she moved inside. She thought the darkened room odd since she knew the elves had come by at dusk to light all the candles in the village. Once her eyes had adjusted, Makaelah stripped off her sword, placing it in the corner by the door before moving to the table beside the bed. Setting her gloves down, she opened the box of flint and steel and lit the candle. She felt uneasy, though could not say why. Sitting down on the bed, Makaelah peered around the cottage seeing everything as she had left it earlier.
Minutes later, she took a deep breath and stood. Moving to the dresser she poured some water from the pitcher into the basin and began washing her face first and then her hands and arms. A faint scuffle in the darkened portion of the room incited her awareness she was not alone. “Show yourself.” Makaelah demanded as she turned and scanned the cottage once again, seeing no one.
Suddenly, hands came around behind her, grasping at her temples. Makaelah reached up, grabbing onto what felt like an arm, though she could not tell for certain since whoever was assaulting her was concealed, invisible to her eyes. Makaelah drew her arm up and quickly rammed her elbow down into her assailant, hearing a male grunt as it connected. The unseen man twisted in her arm forcing Makaelah to let go of her grip but she instantly shot her wings out hoping to hit her assailant, though only to realize the door to her cottage was swinging open.
Kai’las shifted into her cottage, having heard the commotion from his own hut. “You were attacked.” He said, seeing the state of alarm his friend was in.
“I did not see who he was. A Mage. He used a spell to conceal himself.”
Kai’las’ iridescent eyes scanned from one end of the cottage to the other. “I can smell him.” He sneered. “Are you hurt? What was he after?”
“No. I am fine. I think he is the one who was hurt.” Makaelah sat down on the edge of the bed. “He grabbed at me but...” Her thoughts trailed off for a moment. “He took nothing.”
Darius and Xilton both stood at the open door looking in. “What has happened?” The Warrior asked, taking notice of the Fae’s bright iridescent green eyes.
Kai’las took in a sharp breath. “Makaelah was attacked.” He said before he shifted out and both Darius and Xilton turned concerned looks at the Seraph.
“He has gone after him.” She said, shooting her other two companions a look. “I am fine. And I saw nothing. He kept himself concealed by a spell.”
Xilton’s brows furrowed. “But I thought you could see through spells.”
Makaelah shook her head. “Only illusions and those of glamour. Though I should have known. I felt uneasy when I first stepped in here. I sensed him. Did you have candles burning in your cottages?”
Xilton nodded while Darius lowered his head to step through the doorway. “Yes, why? Did you not?” He replied.
“No. He must have extinguished them.”
Darius took a seat on the bed next to her. “You do not know what he was after?”
“He took nothing.” Makaelah repeated, looking down at her hands and avoiding his question.
Darius sat thoughtfully watching her, his fingers unconsciously trailing over the small scar on his jaw. He had a feeling she knew what her assailant was after but Darius would not press her. “I am glad you were not harmed.”
Makaelah met his eyes, giving him a slight smile. In the next instant, Kai’las reappeared beside Xilton, his sudden appearance causing the Monk to take a quick step back. The three of them noticed first off the Fae’s eyes were back to their normal cloudy green color.
“You did not find him.” The Celeyian said.
Kai’las sighed. “No, I did not.” He unsheathed Glimmer and went to take a seat in the chair. “I will stay here tonight.” Kai’las raised a hand before she could protest. “Yes, I know you do not need protection. That is not why I am doing this.”
“If not for her protection, then why?” Darius asked with a frown.
“It is because he got away.” Makaelah stated, staring at the Fae. “You want to be here if he returns.”
Kai’las breathed deeply, the light flashing across his eyes. “If he returns I will end him.” He said matter of factly.

‡

Skalanis stayed in the shadows of the two small buildings near the dock at Crystal Lake. He had waited to watch how the battle played out between the demigods and the Kromiths he had sent their way, another of his tests set upon the group. Since they had destroyed the Goblins in Jovian Falls within minutes, Skalanis thought perhaps something a bit more powerful would keep them on their toes and they did well against the bat creatures, as he knew they would.
The only one of them Skalanis was unsure of in the beginning was the Fae and now of course, he knew more. Truth was, he thought all of this was a waste of time, but Tark-volmar’s orders were to test their powers and so he did. The Gods knew he would be a fool to ever argue with his master and he was also not going to make life easy for the immortals if he could help it.
Skalanis dropped his pack and sat down, leaning back against the side of the building. Near the port there was only a small store and a bait shop for the fishermen, neither of which were open at the late hour. He knew he would be safe staying there until the morn but Skalanis was much too eager to get on his way. Besides, I can always sleep on the boat, he thought. He would rest just a few moments before boarding the vessel with the small crew of just fifteen, more servants of his master. From there he would start making his way southwest towards the Plains of Aras, arriving there before the immortals.

‡

Shadowhawk rose early, turning to glance at the painting she had spent so much time on. The background had been easy for her, the browns, and greens of the trees she had painted while gazing out her window, but in the center of the painting was what came to her through many dreams during meditation. She stared once more into the emerald eyes of the great brown bear before stepping outside into the cool harvest morn.
She headed straight across the suspension bridge which took her to Avonliel’s large dwelling. Shadowhawk had some concerns she needed to address with her Queen and since they were soon departing, she could put them off no longer. The two guards stationed at the doors greeted her and immediately opened the doors, allowing her entry. Shadowhawk stepped into the large chamber, finding Avonliel conversing with two female elves.
“D’ae Feon.” The Queen said, speaking to her in the elven tongue. “Please come in.” The elven females left the room, leaving them alone as Avonliel took a seat in her high-backed chair, the pain of the events from the night before shown clearly on her face.
Shadowhawk walked toward her, taking a seat beside Avonliel. “The events of this journey have brought to light certain facts which have taken up my thoughts.”
“What is it, D’ae Feon? Perhaps I can help.”
The Elf laughed dryly. “Why did you not speak to me of my ancestry? To tell me that I have Godly blood in my veins? You have the foresight; I am certain you have known of this.”
“Are you now?” Avonliel replied without even a touch of emotion. She stood and walked over to a side table, pouring herself a small glass of honeywine. “I was asked not to speak of it.”
“By whom?”
“By your father, Tha’Lanil, the God of the Woodlands and Elves.” Avonliel’s green eyes warmed. “He wished for you to discover it on your own when the time was right. Tha’Lanil did not want you growing up envied by others nor to ever have to live in fear of your life. His wish was for you to have a natural upbringing.”
Shadowhawk came to her feet, finding she could no longer sit still. She took the glass of honeywine the Queen offered her, drinking it in one gulp. “Have I ever met him?”
“Yes, of course. Tha’Lanil watches over you always. He has forever been a part of your life.” Queen Avonliel took her seat again, smoothing out her dress. “I can say no more, child, so please do not ask. I made a promise to hold my tongue and I fear I may have already said too much.” 
Shadowhawk shook her head. “How am I supposed to learn of him then?”
Avonliel reached over, gently touching her cheek. “Tha’Lanil will come to you, D’ae Feon. He is aware that the truth has been made clear to you. Just be patient.” She smiled and added, “I know that patience is not one of your strongest suits but you must please try.” She waited a moment before speaking again. “I assume your other journey went well.” Shadowhawk inclined her head. “Good. Speak nothing of it, for it was your journey alone.” 

†

Outside, the remaining four companions were sitting in the center of the village speaking quietly of the events of the night before. The elves had come by earlier and set up a large fire which was now blazing, for the morning air was cool. 
“I have not seen much of D’ae Feon since we arrived in Greenmar but I was certainly happy to see her when we fought those Kromiths last eve.” Kai’las remarked. 
“Shadowhawk...yes...” Xilton muttered thoughtfully. “This has certainly been an unbelievable visit here in Greenmar.”
“Hmm…indeed.” Kai’las said, then grinned. “And you have made a new friend.” The Monk frowned in confusion and he gestured toward Lanithier who was standing at the bottom of the wooden staircase with his eyes cast directly on her.
“Excuse me.” Xilton stood, leaving her companions. The male elf met her half way and the two of them slipped off through the trees.
“I was aware we were followed before even stepping foot into the village.” Darius muttered, his gaze deep in the flames of the fire. “If only I would have pursued it none of what happened last night may have…”
“Ah, not you too.” Kai’las interjected, inducing Darius’ attention to turn to the Fae Prince. “You cannot think along those lines, my friend. Such four simple words, ‘If only I had’. So simple and yet those words could cause a person to dwell on them in anger for so many mortal years. I know. I have seen it.” He pinned the Warrior a look. “I will speak to you the same words Avonliel spoke to D’ae Feon... you are not to blame.”
Darius sighed deeply and scrubbed a hand down his face. A moment later, he nodded his head, accepting the Fae’s words before standing and glancing around the elven village, his eyes coming to rest on the Seraph. “And you, Makaelah? How are you after last night?”
She smiled, though it did not reach her eyes. “I am well. My assailant did not return.”
“Had he, you would have found his bloody corpse lying on her cottage floor.” Kai’las voiced.
Darius gazed up at the Queen’s dwelling, catching Avonliel descend the wide wooden stairs as she worked her way over toward them. He turned back to his companions. “Well, Captain Hereward should be finished with the repairs on his boat by now. It is probably best we not keep him waiting long. I have a feeling we may have some difficulty convincing Shadowhawk to leave with us.”
Darius turned to leave them just as the Queen stepped up beside him. To honor her fallen kin, she was wearing a long pure white formfitting gown, the color being tradition for the elven community. The gown was modestly cut and decorated with stitching’s of intricate elven designs. Her long wavy hair was pulled back in the front and a silver chain sat atop her head with a white stone which fell to the middle of her forehead. The smile she gave him was genuine, but her eyes held a touch of sorrow. “Captain.”
“Avonliel.” Darius replied.
“Did you sleep well?”
“I did. Thank you.” Darius was the first of them to turn away, for he could not handle another second staring into the depths of her eyes, feeling to him as if they held thousands upon thousands of secrets. “Excuse me. I should pack for our journey to the river.”
Avonliel gave a playful grin. “Certainly.” She watched as Darius rushed off. It seemed he could not get away fast enough. “Strong and fearless about all but one thing.” Her words were barely a whisper and even though Kai’las had heard, for Fae’s had exceptionally sensitive hearing, he did not let it be known to the others. Avonliel turned her attention to her other guests, the Warrior forgotten for the time being. “I assume you will wish to depart soon. I regret we only had but a few days to get to know one another. Perhaps you will visit us again soon.”
“You have my thanks, Avonliel. I myself would like that.” Makaelah replied. “We have not yet seen Shadowhawk this morning. Is she well?”
Avonliel gave the slightest touch of a smile. “D’ae Feon is well, or perhaps I should say, she will be. She is angry to have to leave when so much has yet to be done here.” She stepped up to stand before the Seraph, taking her hand into her own. “I wish to thank you, Makaelah. Those three who suffered the bite wounds from those horrible creatures, you saved two of them.” The Celeyian smiled faintly and Avonliel swallowed hard. “It is very unfortunate we lost Merathael in the early hours of dawn.”
“I am truly sorry, Avonliel.”
“As am I. It is another burden I must bear, but I thank you for saving Terron and Allorella, I owe you a debt.”
Makaelah shook her head. “You owe me nothing, Avonliel. It is an ability some Celeyians have been gifted with and I chose to give mine freely.”
“I had heard of the mishap in your cottage last night.” The Queen stated. “Had you alerted me at the time I would have set my soldiers out in search of this assailant.”
“It was not necessary, Avonliel. Kai’las searched... the mage left no trail.”
Avonliel took both her hands. “Thank the Gods you were unhurt.” She uttered and her eyes glided over Makaelah’s face coming to rest for several long moments on the stone in the center of her forehead. Her eyes met the Seraph’s and she smiled. “Take heart to know your Celeyians will come in the end.” Avonliel gave her hands a gentle squeeze before releasing them and she stepped away, leaving Makaelah pondering over the Queen’s comment.

‡

Skalanis awoke to a tapping on his boot which startled him. He opened his eyes wide, his dagger already in his hand. It was dawn, which meant he slept there the entire night. Skalanis cursed under his breath, for his intentions were only to rest a few minutes.
“Sleeping on the job, eh?” A male voice said. 
“Who are you and what do you want?” Skalanis asked coldly.
“Which question shall I answer first?” He crouched down beside the Mage which gave Skalanis the opportunity to get a better look of the man. Although, he was not a man at all, but an elf. Long blond hair and blue eyes identified him as one of the Gray Elves. He was dressed all in black leather, including his boots and carried two short swords. The grin on his face seemed nothing short of deadly. “Lorimier Blackwing at your service.” He said with a bow.
“That name means nothing to me.” Skalanis said suspiciously as he sat up. It was difficult for him not to be suspicious of anyone, especially an elf. He despised elves.
Lorimier gave him a strange look as he leaned against the side of the building. “Grorrus Doomhammer sent me to lend you a hand. It seems Tark-volmar senses you are somewhat... overwhelmed with your task.”
“Overwhelmed? I am not overwhelmed.” 
“Ah, well then perhaps he has not been satisfied with the amount of time it has taken you to produce results.” 
Skalanis narrowed his eyes. “Which is it? Does Tark-volmar suspect I am overwhelmed or is he not satisfied with my results?” It seemed to him the arrogant elf knew nothing of what he was speaking of. Typical elf, Skalanis thought.
Lorimier narrowed his eyes as though he had heard his thoughts. “Please do not insult me, while I admit a lot of my brethren are, but I on the other hand am not arrogant. And yes, I am quite certain you despise elves.”
Skalanis rubbed at his temples, feeling a headache suddenly overcome him. “Wonderful, a Mindseeker.” He muttered. “Could this get any worse? Very well, but if we are to work together, I would appreciate it if you would kindly stay out of my head.”
“I will try my best, though sometimes it just cannot be helped.” Lorimier said with a sly grin, taking a drink from his waterskin. “Now, tell me of this group of demigods we follow.”
The Mage sighed. “I will tell you as we walk.” He came to his feet and the two of them started off while he began telling the elf all he had learned of the group. “I know not why, but I have orders not to harm the Celeyian.”
The Elf nodded. “Yes, I too have the same orders.”
The Mage frowned. “Were you told of the reason for it?”
“No, only that she is not to be harmed, or even touched for that matter. Perhaps they have plans for her.” Lorimier paused in thought before changing the subject. “And just how powerful are they?”
Skalanis laughed dryly. “I wondered so myself at first so I decided to test them. First, I released a pack of Goblins on them and… let us just say they wiped through them within minutes. Over a hundred of them. Then, I sent something a little stronger, Kromiths, which they had no trouble at all defeating.”
The Elf rubbed his chin in thought. “Impressive. Well, of course I must see this for myself. Hmm… I will have to think on this.”
“You will have plenty of time to do that on the boat.” Lorimier gave him a questioning look. “From what my sources have told me, the immortals are headed for the Plains of Aras. I managed to slow their progress down by a few days with a little damage to their vessel, but they should be arriving back to the port within a few hours or so. We must leave, for I intend on arriving there before they do.”
CHAPTER
16

Tarakis had eventually returned to the ship long after dark, though he would say nothing of where he had been nor what he had been doing, only telling his companions that he was seeing to his business. Early the following morning, the Venture proved ready to depart the town of Evermoor.
The demigods were gathered together on the main deck, even Valen was present and appeared to be in better spirits. He had returned to his old self, giving orders, and taking charge. It would take them the best of four days to reach their destination, and he wanted to make certain that they had a plan.
“Alright.” Valen said, rubbing his hands together. “So, we have our supplies.” He looked at Sir Tavannos expectedly, then added, “Right?”
“Uh, yes, I have taken care of them.” The Knight replied, caught somewhat off guard. The others each glanced at him, then at Valen while Tarakis could not help but let out a slight chuckle.
“Well…” The Rogue grumbled. “Someone is back to normal.”
“Apparently so.” Airrak quietly added.
Szarzekk, who did not truly grasp human idiosyncrasy, looked from the Rogue to the others. “I do not understand. Is there something the rest of us need to know?”
“Never mind.” Tarakis replied, throwing him a dismissive hand. “I will explain it later.”
Seeming to ignore the last exchange, Valen eyed Airrak. “And we know exactly where we are going?” He waited, expecting an answer.
When he noticed they were all staring at him, the Mage realized he was talking to him. “Oh, uh… yes.” Airrak responded, though after a brief pause, he added, “Well… not exactly where we are going but I have an idea of where it is.”
“Ummm…” Tarakis started to speak. “You have an idea?”
The other companions began voicing their questions and opinions as well and soon, no one could discern anything of what was being said between them.
“Just stop!” Valen exclaimed, his hands raised. When they all quieted down, he took a deep breath. Giving a shake of his head, he fixed the Mage with a level look. “So, you do not know our exact destination?”
Airrak peered down at his feet, then, rather sheepishly, looked at the others. “Well, not the exact, precise location.” He glanced around, noticing his comrades concerned gazes and he quickly added, “But I am close to finding the answer.”
Valen’s eyes drifted between the Mage and the other three. “Well then.” He shifted his stance. “Get down there and keep working on it. We need it.”
Airrak looked at Tavannos who appeared willing to let Valen take the lead once again. “Yes, I am on it.” The Mage responded and with that, he stepped away, heading down to their cabin.
“I will go and… check on our horses.” The Knight voiced, somewhat anxious to get away from the Warrior for a while. “To make certain all is ready with them.” Without waiting for a response he moved fast, heading for the hold.
“Well…” Said Tarakis. “I certainly hope all is well with the horses and they are ready for the journey.” His comment was obviously said with much sarcasm and completely missed by Szarzekk, though definitely not by Valen, who shot the Rogue a very sharp look. “I think I will go and… and make certain that my horse is all ready to go as well.”
The Undead Warrior watched the Rogue walk away. “Is his horse not made out of bronze?”
Valen, who had taken a seat and was working on sharpening his blades, looked up at Szarzekk. “Of course it is.” He paused briefly. “He was being an ass.”
“I do not understand.” He said with confusion.
Being fully engrossed in his work, Valen off-handedly said, “Neither do I.”
Szarzekk thought it over a little longer before he shook his head, taking a seat beside the Warrior and took to sharpening his weapons as well. They worked next to one another in silence for quite some time until the Undead Warrior finally spoke up again. “I must admit… even though I was, at one time human, I do not comprehend emotions or…” Szarzekk took a few moments in thought while trying to find the right word. “Mannerisms, I suppose is the correct term.”
“I do not know what to tell you, my friend.” Valen said without looking up from his work. “With most humans those things are all over the place.” Szarzekk stopped what he was doing and stared at him. Seeing this, the Warrior quickly added, “It has been my experience that no two people are the same in this regard.”
The Undead Warrior appeared to consider his words for a short while before returning to sharpening his weapons.
After a few minutes, Valen said under his breath, “Besides, the Rogue is not human, so trying to figure those things out with him is even more difficult.” The two of them went back to their work in silence for a while longer when suddenly, Valen stopped and looked up. “There is one thing that is somewhat bothering me about the Rogue.” He quietly said while indicating with his finger.
Szarzekk halted, his eyes moving up from his blades. “And what is that?”
The Warrior thought for a brief moment before answering. “I would really like to know where he went when he left the boat the last night. He has said nothing about his actions. Actually, he refused to speak of it.” Having said that, he went back to the task at hand.
Szarzekk considered his words and deciding that he had no idea what was going on, went back to work as well. Although, he remained silent, he was definitely more confused than ever. 

†

The day was incredibly overcast with a pleasant breeze blowing across the river. As they sailed with the current with the wind blowing in the same direction, the half-Gods considered themselves to be making good time.
They had all gone in different directions that morning and presently Tarakis was standing on the bow of the ship, looking out over the water ahead of them. He stood alone for quite a while until eventually he was joined by Szarzekk who came up to stand beside him, though the Undead Warrior remained silent. Tarakis noticed his approach out of the corner of his eye but chose to keep quiet himself.
The other three companions stayed together in their cabin, conferring about the rest of their journey.
“I am very close.” Airrak said. “I will find the answer.” He motioned at a rather thick tome lying open in front of him. “I am convinced it is within these pages.”
Valen, who was standing and pacing back and forth, stopped, and peered at the wizard. “Before we get there… I hope.”
Sir Tavannos picked up on the impatience in the Warrior’s voice. “He will find the answer but you have to give him the time!” He said, defending his longtime friend. “I do not suppose you know where we need to go?”
Valen stopped his pacing, giving him a slightly perturbed look. “Just find it! As quickly as you can.” He turned and headed for the cabin door. Before going any further, with his back to Airrak, he added, “Please. All depends on it.”
As Valen opened the door, a loud commotion came from the deck above them. They could hear shouting and loud voices as the warning bell began clanging. The three of them heard Szarzekk’s distinctive voice above all the others, for he was yelling louder than they had ever heard him before. “DANGER IN FRONT OF US!” He exclaimed over and over again.
Valen was the first out the door with Sir Tavannos and Airrak close behind. They emerged on deck and went directly toward the bow of the ship, dodging the crew as they frantically moved around the deck. There were two ballista mounted at the bow and two at the stern with several crewmen busy readying each one as Captain Carona barked out his orders.
When Valen and his two companions reached the bow, they found Szarzekk standing with his weapons in hand, looking out ahead of them. Taking a glance around, they could see no sign of the Rogue.
“Where is Tarakis?” Valen asked.
Szarzekk turned when he heard his comrade. “He was here just a moment ago.” He looked from side to side. “I do not know where he went.”
Valen shook his head but decided there were more important matters at hand. “Where is the danger?”
“See for yourself.” Szarzekk replied while gesturing ahead. “Something in the sky winging its way toward us. Something rather large.”
As the immortals all turned their eyes skyward they could indeed see, perhaps three hundred yards away, a winged shape heading towards them. It was approximately two hundred feet above the water’s surface, though it was most certainly coming straight towards them.
“Dragon!” Sir Tavannos exclaimed, recognizing the shape of the creature.
The others continued to stare at it, though something did not appear completely right to Airrak. “It is definitely dragon-like, whatever it is.” The Mage said. “But there is something different about it.”
“Well, whatever it may be, it is coming our way.” Valen said. “We need to be ready and we do not have much time. Tavannos!” He turned to the Knight, standing behind. “Speak with the Captain. I will leave you to direct the ballista fire. I would trust their chances of hitting a lot more with you directing their fire.”
“Very well.” He replied. Stepping away, he yelled, “Captain!”
Valen then turned to Airrak. “I think we will be best served with you going where it is you need to be, using your magic against this beast. Afterall, unless it decides to land, your spells are the most potent weapon we have.”
Airrak nodded and began to make mental notes regarding what spells he would be needing to use.
“Where would you like me?” Szarzekk asked.
Valen took a moment in thought. “I want you to stay close to the Mage.” The Undead Warrior gave a nod and turned to follow Airrak but as he moved to step away, Valen grabbed ahold of his shoulder and added, “Just try and make sure to keep him out of trouble or from causing the ship unnecessary trouble, if you know what I mean.”
Szarzekk was not completely certain he did know what he meant but he nodded his agreement just the same before leaving to follow the Mage.
“Now, where is that bloody Rogue?” Valen mumbled to himself as he watched the creature approaching closer.

†

Tarakis had been standing on the bow next to Szarzekk when he first spotted the flying creature coming their way. Only a half a minute later, the Undead Warrior noticed the beast as well and shouted out his warning. Almost immediately, the crew snapped into action as the lookouts above caught sight of it, shouting out their own warnings.
Tarakis thought for a moment, trying to determine his best course of action. His eyes being much more keen than those of the humans around him, or even more so than Szarzekk’s, he had briefly studied the monster to see what he could tell of it. It certainly looked like a dragon, for it had all the characteristics and it was absolutely big enough. It appeared to be over a hundred feet long from nose to tail with a wingspan somewhat more. 
But as he looked at it he could tell something was off with it, for it did not appear to have any skin. “A skeletal dragon!” He quietly exclaimed. Tarakis gazed closer at it and could see many shapes sticking up from its back. “What in the world are those?” He tried to focus his eyes and suddenly as he watched, recognition came to him. The ‘shapes’ were actually other beings or creatures sitting on the monsters back, riding it. “Well, if that does not beat all.” He scratched his head, hardly believing what he was seeing. Tarakis stared out, trying to make out more details of those riding it, deciding he needed a better vantage point. He looked up at the main mast at the second highest sail, concluding that it would be a good place to see clearly. He slipped away, quietly heading for the mast.

†

The monstrosity was still a couple of hundred yards away, though approaching closer by the minute. Valen continued to stare at it, trying to formulate a plan to deal with the beast. “If it is a dragon, we are in deep, deep trouble.” He muttered to himself. He knew that a true dragon could simply set the entire ship on fire and that would be that. There would be very little they could do in that situation. 
As he stood with his thoughts and worry, he heard a voice yell his name from somewhere behind and above him. “Valen! Valen!” He turned around and peered up. Standing on the second highest sail of the main mast was Tarakis. The Rogue yelled down to him while pointing ahead at the creature.
“Valen!” Tarakis screamed again and seeing that he now had the Warrior’s attention, he added, “It is a skeletal dragon creature!”
Valen frowned, barely registering his words, he turned and looked out at the creature, taking his time regarding it. After a moment or two, he could discern what the Rogue was speaking of. It certainly resembled a dragon but it most certainly had no skin. He turned back and looked at Tarakis incredulously.
“There is more!” The Rogue yelled down. “There are riders on its back! I cannot tell what they are but they look to be armed!”
Valen’s eyes went up to the creature as he slowly took three or four steps back toward the ship’s railing. He gazed intently at it and after a few moments he could clearly see now that it was indeed lacking any kind of skin or other body parts, constructed only of bones, although there appeared to be a smoldering fire burning where the eyes should have been. Valen could also make out, sitting on its back, quite a number of other creatures. What they were exactly, he could not tell but they appeared to be humanoid, at least ten and very probably more than that number. He continued to watch it as he shouted, “Szarzekk! Tavannos! Captain! Prepare for boarders!”
The deck was a flurry of activity as someone yelled out a question in response to the warning. “Boarders?” Valen thought it was the Captain’s voice but he was not a hundred percent certain. “From whence do they come? I see nothing except the flying creature!”
Valen turned, looking for who it was that asked the question. Seeing too many eyes staring at him, he yelled his response, “They are on the flying monster!” He gestured towards it. “Upon its back!”
“Damnation!” He heard from somewhere amid ship, realizing it was the Captain who spoke.
“Are you certain?” Sir Tavannos asked, standing on top of the fore-cabin between the ballistae. “I can make out nothing but the creature itself.”
“I have seen them.” Valen answered and motioned up to where the Rogue stood on the mast. “And Tarakis has seen them as well. Now, prepare to be boarded!”
After a quick moment passed, Captain Carona shouted, “Prepare to repel boarders!” Almost as soon as the order left his lips, the crew began to arm themselves with hand-to-hand weapons, as well as equipping whatever armor they could don quickly.

†

The skeletal dragon was now only about a hundred yards away and closing quickly. “Loose number one!” Sir Tavannos shouted and almost immediately, there came a loud and deep ‘twang’ as a large flaming javelin launched from the first engine. He glanced at the second ballista and after receiving an acknowledging look from the crewman aiming it, he yelled, “Loose number two!” Again, there came the ‘twang’ and a second six foot flaming javelin launched on its way. “Reload!” The Knight ordered.
Meanwhile, all eyes followed the first two missiles as they flew on their way. The dragon creature, evidently seeing the flaming projectiles, swerved to the left to avoid the first one, causing it to shoot harmlessly past it. In doing so, however, it moved right into the path of the second javelin, which slammed home somewhere into the bones of the chest area. A loud cheer went up from the crewmen who had seen the impact and even Tavannos let out a small exclamation. After a moment though his excitement dimmed as he saw that the impact seemed to have little to no effect on the creature. The javelin remained stuck in the beast and the fire continued to burn brightly, though it still appeared to be having no effect on the monster whatsoever.
“Prepare to shoot again!” The Knight shouted in frustration. Looking to both ballista and receiving assertive nods, he again ordered, “Loose one!” A few seconds later, “Loose two!” After that, Sir Tavannos decided he would better help all by taking his skills elsewhere on the ship, his last order being, “Loose at will!”

†

Szarzekk had heard Valen’s warning of the approaching creature and, unlike the others on board, he had very little trouble believing that it was a skeletal dragon that approached. His own people used such things in both war and as transport by riding upon its back. He had stood beside Airrak since first sighting the monster and currently they were standing amid ship on the port side of the vessel.
Right after Valen shouted his warning and it appeared to sink in with the Mage, he turned to Szarzekk. “A skeletal dragon? I have not heard of such a thing in many, many years.” Airrak stared up at the creature as if leaving his statement unfinished.
Szarzekk made note of this. “But?”
The Mage looked back at the Undead Warrior, appearing to remember what he was saying. “But… such a thing is definitely possible. There are many instances which I have read about where the constructs were used, for various reasons.”
Szarzekk decided not to mention anything of his personal experiences with the things. There just was not enough time to get into it at that moment. So, trusting in the Mage’s skill and knowledge, he simply asked, “What do we do? What are their weaknesses?”
Airrak took a moment in thought. “Very few.” He paused, then shook his head. “They are just mindless automatons and their only weakness, as I recall, is that they are very susceptible to impacts.”
“Impacts?” Szarzekk asked. “As in anything which smashes their bones?”
The Mage nodded. “Exactly.” He rubbed his chin. “Fire will also probably prove effective against it.” He motioned up at the creature. “See there, the flaming missile which struck the thing. The fire is still burning and starting to cause it some trouble.”
Not waiting too long to share the information which the Mage had just imparted to him, Szarzekk shouted to all who could hear, “Use fire on the monstrosity and anything that will smash it’s bones!” He glanced around, seeing that most everyone standing near was paying attention to him. “Those are really the only effective means of dealing with it.”
Tarakis was still standing on the mast, watching the creature approach. “The Gods help us!” He mumbled to himself.
Evidently the Captain had heard Szarzekk as well, for almost immediately he ordered, “Ballista men! Continue loose the flaming javelins! We need as many hits as possible! Aim for the main body!”

†

So far, they had scored many ballista hits on the creature, but it just kept coming at them even though several small fires smoldered in the beasts rib cage. There was a flurry of activity on the creature’s back as the humanoids appeared to be readying themselves for action. Weapons and shields were now visible, but the demigods still were unable to discern what kind of beings they were.
Sir Tavannos moved to stand beside Szarzekk and Airrak. Valen was still at the ship’s bow, waiting to see where the creature would make contact with the vessel. Tarakis had actually moved out onto the tip of the mast on the left side and was precariously balancing there for the time being.
A number of ropes suddenly dropped from the creature to a length of about twenty to twenty-five feet. As the immortals watched, they witnessed six humanoids climb down on each of the ropes, it was obvious to all they intended to drop onto the ship’s deck. A few moments had passed before the dragon creature was directly above the ship’s bow and heading for the middle of the deck. When it reached the center, it pulled up and hovered for a time as the humanoids began shimmying quickly down the ropes. Right before the first six dropped, they were then followed by another group of six.
Valen was already heading for the deck’s center as the first group of creatures hit the ship’s deck. Sir Tavannos and Szarzekk immediately went into action, attacking the two humanoid creatures nearest them. They appeared to be Goblin-like, whatever they were, though they were easily three feet taller than any Goblin they had ever seen before and much more human-like in their stance and posture. Each creature was very broad and appeared to be incredibly skilled with their weapons, which were long, slightly curved swords and wicked battleaxes. They were also heavily armored in a combination of black plate and chain, heavily spiked and very wicked looking. At least half of them carried shields and those that did not, wielded a weapon in each hand.
Valen arrived at the fight, seeing his friends already involved in the melee. Airrak appeared to be concentrating on a spell, though he saw no sign of Tarakis. He immediately let out a battle cry and charged the closest Goblin-man, becoming quickly involved in a close quarter fight. Valen was amazed at how skillfully the creature handled its weapon. He certainly had never seen a Goblin that skilled at fighting. It took him quite a bit more time than he expected it to but eventually Valen was able to drop the Goblin-man with a well-placed thrust of his sword. He looked at his comrades briefly and saw that Szarzekk had dropped his foe as well. Tavannos was still fighting but appeared to have the upper hand on his opponent.
Meanwhile, a couple of crewmen had been dispatched by the creatures and were lying about, bleeding on the deck. The Warrior, with Szarzekk’s help, instantly moved to intercept the Goblin-men that had slain the crewmen. Valen then glanced over his shoulder at Airrak, seeing the Mage utter some words which were incomprehensible while pointing his finger at the dragon creature above them. As soon as he did this, a succession of five glowing darts shot forth from his finger, flying directly towards the beast and striking it right into the skull. The dragon seemed to reel up as if in pain from the impact. The sudden move caused the last couple of Goblin-men that were coming down the ropes to fall the last six to seven feet onto the deck. To Valen’s surprise, they landed on their feet. As he glanced up at the dragon one more time, he could not believe what he was seeing.
Tarakis, who had been standing on the top of the mast, suddenly jumped onto the back of the dragon monstrosity, wielding his short sword in one hand and his dagger in the other. The Rogue landed on his belly, directly behind the beast’s head, on its neck. Facing the rear of the creature, Tarakis immediately spun himself around, assuming a sitting position, as if he were sitting bareback on a horse. Working his way forward, he moved up the neck until he was in position, directly at the base of the skull.
The dragon creature began to peel away from its hovering position over the vessel. Tarakis was not certain how intelligent it was but it was obviously aware that something was going on. The beast started to climb gradually, rocking its wings from left to right. It did not seem to be the most agile creature, appearing to be flying as erratically as it could, as if it were trying to shake Tarakis off, though it was not too successful.
From where he sat on the creature, Tarakis could see a white glow coming from deep within its skull. He glanced around, trying to decide if he were on the right track. He could see where a couple of javelins were protruding from its ribcage, however, there was no fire from them still burning, for they had all smoldered out.
“Well…” He muttered to himself. “I have to try.” He gave a shrug, then plunged both of his weapons deep into the skull, aiming for the source of the white glow. Both weapons bit deep, having sunk all the way to the hilts. The beast instantly reeled up, once more, which surprised Tarakis. “Do you feel pain?” He said off-handedly as he pulled both of his weapons out and struck again, pushing them in to the hilts as he did the first time. Again, it reacted as if in severe distress while it began to move its head from side to side, trying to shake the Rogue off. Tarakis was able to hold on easily as the dragon beast was unable to make too sharp of movements. “Well, third times a charm.” He voiced and struck with his weapons one more time. The dragon immediately went limp and began diving, or falling actually, directly towards the water.
“Oh damnation!” Tarakis shouted once he realized his situation. He was about a hundred feet up in the air when he started to descend, very rapidly. If he timed it just right, he thought that he should be alright though. The creature was approximately twenty feet from impact when Tarakis lunged up and away from its back. The beast pummeled onto the water with tremendous force and an enormous splash shot water several feet into the air. Once the area finally calmed, there was no sign of Tarakis.

†

The melee on the ship went on for a few more minutes with the immortals and the help of the crew, eventually getting the upper hand. By the time the last of the Goblin-men went down, a total of four crewmen had lost their lives, while another four had been wounded, two of them critically.
Sir Tavannos had sustained a semi-serious wound to his right shoulder but he would heal without any complications. He sat next to Airrak while the Mage bandaged up his wound.
Airrak appeared to be very fatigued, though otherwise none the worse for wear. He had used many spells on the Goblin creatures, since he remembered the effects his more powerful magic had on the so-called normal people around him, he chose to use some of his less flashy spells repelling the Goblin-men. Airrak had intended to focus his magic on the skeletal dragon, but then he watched Tarakis, recklessly he might add, jump onto the creature’s back. When the beast flew away from the ship with the Rogue on its back he had to redirect his focus on those in front of him.
Valen stood at the ship’s railing, peering out at the water where the dragon had hit when Szarzekk approached him. 
“Any sign of him?” The Undead Warrior asked while looking out in the same direction as his comrade.
The Warrior gave him a sideways glance. Szarzekk appeared the same as he always did. It was impossible to tell if he had exerted himself or if that was even possible. Does he even get tired? He thought to himself. Valen shook his head. “No, I can see nothing.” They kept searching for a little while longer before he turned and shouted, “Captain, we need to launch the small boat!”
The Captain, who was busy seeing to his fallen crewmen appeared a touch annoyed by his request but after a moment, he relented. “Launch the boat!” He ordered, then added, “Drop the anchor and stow the sails!”
A short while later, the longboat was ready with six crewmen manning the oars. The immortals were all standing about watching the activity. 
Valen peered at the others. “I will go with them. Help the crew get the ship in order and ready to continue the voyage.” He wasted no time and climbed over the side rail and on down into the longboat.
“Good luck.” Airrak said, Tavannos nodding in agreement.
“I will find him. Rest assured.” Valen said after a moment.
Tavannos, Szarzekk and the Mage watched from the ship as the crewmen took the boat over to the location where the dragon creature had hit the water. There was no portion of the beast visible, having sunk beneath the water where the river at the mouth of Crystal Lake was especially deep.
The three demigods continued to watch from the vessel when suddenly a familiar voice came from behind. “What are we looking at?” They turned around quickly as recognition of the voice sank in. Tarakis was standing before them, dripping wet and soaked to the bone, his neck stretched out to see around them as he looked out at the water where the little boat was. 
Shock gave way to joy in Sir Tavannos and Airrak, though only for a brief moment before both were looking serious once again. “Where in the Blarth did you come from?” The Mage asked while Tavannos looked on, clearly expecting an explanation.
“I climbed up from the water over there.” He said while pointing to the opposite side of the deck. “When I hit the water, the shockwave from that thing hitting the river threw me a good distance, then the current did the rest. Before I knew it, I was pulled a good hundred yards away.”
“Someone had better signal Valen.” Szarzekk said. “He seemed concerned that you were missing.”
His comment caught Tarakis off guard. “Concerned? About me?” The others nodded in the positive. “That seems a bit out of character.”
“I agree.” Airrak said. “And if I were you, I would not bring it up with him, not if you were wise.” He started to turn away but decided to ask, “One thing… how did you know the means of dealing with that beast?”
Tarakis thought for a moment. “It just seemed logical and the right thing to do.” Airrak appeared a little dubious about the Rogue’s explanation, so Tarakis added, “I mean… I figured it had to have some kind of brain directing its actions, I suppose I got lucky and it worked.”
There was something more to it, Airrak was certain of it, though he decided to let it go for now. “Let us get Valen back on board so we can get going.” He said, changing the conversation.
Tarakis nodded his agreement. “I will go and tell the Captain.”
Sir Tavannos watched him go. “What was that about?”
“Animated constructs like that dragon creature do not have brains.” Szarzekk answered. “They are controlled and directed by their creator, usually in the form of some kind of talisman which resides inside the construct somewhere.”
Airrak sighed. “And in order to stop the construct you have to know where said talisman is located, then destroy it.”
The three of them watched Tarakis in silence for a moment as the longboat began to make its way back to the ship.

‡

Tark-volmar opened the two heavy doors with a touch of impatience flowing through him as he stalked inside the God of Evil’s study. His eyes drifted over the large room seeking out his father, whom he found seated in his usual dark plush chair on the far side of the room.
 He realized quickly the God was in the middle of a conversation when he saw the four foot image of Grorrus Doomhammer floating above the floor before him. Arrôz’s eyes met his and he motioned Tark-volmar over to take a seat.
“Very well, Grorrus, see to it.” The God directed the image. “You are doing well. Continue to gather retainers. We will need many in the end.”
Grorrus bowed his head. “Yes, my Lord.”
Arrôz ended the conversation, the image fading away. He turned his eyes to Tark-volmar. “Your stride gives you away. You are tired.”
The half-God sighed. He had no time for his father’s casual conversations. “I am fine. You sent for me.”
The smile Arrôz shown did not reach his black eyes. “Right to the point I see. Even your sister gives a good quantity of her time to speak with me.” 
“Octavia has more time on her hands than I do at the moment, father.” Tark-volmar replied and his eyes went to the object in the God of Evil’s hands, the Rod of Dominion. He looked back up at Arrôz, who was gazing at him sharply. “Apologies, my Lord, I have been away too long. It seems I have forgotten to whom I speak.”
“Yes, it appears so.” The God agreed, brushing down on his pointed goatee. “I think it would be wise you not forget again in the future. I am your father, yes, but above everything, I am the God of Evil.”
“Yes, father.”
“Yes, my Lord.” Arrôz corrected him sternly.
Tark-volmar cleared his throat. “Yes, my Lord.”
“Very good.” The God voiced, adjusting his black robes. “Now... I want updates. What do you have for me?”
The immortal moved uncomfortably in his chair before he began speaking. “There are not many. We have been following both of the groups of five. At this time, they are making their way south toward the Plains of Aras.”
“This is interesting.” Arrôz stated with a grin. “They have chosen to seek out the Arbalest first. Both groups of five.”
“So it would seem.”
“And the female Celeyian?” The God’s lip curled as he spoke. “You have received my orders I take it.”
Tark-volmar nodded. “I have, father, and sent out orders of my own. She has not been touched.”
“Good.” Arrôz was thoughtful a moment before he mumbled, “Never thought I would come to making deals with an Angel, but I do what I must.” He turned his black eyes upon his son, gazing at him silently for several long moments. “Speaking of making deals... there is someone I would like for you to meet with.”
“Forgive me, father, but I have many responsibilities. Can you not send Octavia to meet with them?”
“No.” He growled. “I want your sister nowhere near this one. At least not until I am certain we can control him.”
Tark-volmar leaned forward, curiously. “Who is he?”
“A possible ally. A powerful one.” Arrôz gave a piercing glance. “And a very much unexpected one.”
The half-God’s eyes stayed locked with his father’s until he finally looked away. “Very well, I will meet with him.”
Arrôz grinned wickedly. “Good. I will alert him and send him your way. You, my son, will do whatever it takes to appease him. Give him whatever he wants. We need him on our side.”
Underneath his helm, Tark-volmar’s brows furrowed in perplexity. It was the first time he had ever heard his father order him to give a potential ally anything he desired. The thought of who this person was both worried and intrigued him. The half-God stood from his chair and looked the God of Evil once again in his eerie eyes. “Yes, my Lord. Whatever it takes.”

CHAPTER
17

It was late morning by the time they broke through the trees, The Golden Lass coming into view. The companions boarded the riverboat quietly. “Perfect timing.” Captain Hereward said from the deck. “We just finished the repairs this morning and she is good as new.” The Captain smiled. “Did you enjoy your time with the Wild Elves?”
Kai’las gave a ghost of a smile as he took a seat on the bench. “I think I can speak for everyone when I say it was… unforgettable.”
“By the sound of your voice that did not sound all too encouraging.” The Captain said, having picked up on their somber moods but asking nothing of it. “We had a bit of excitement while you were away, although I am not certain you would believe me if I were to tell you.”
Darius laughed. “You would be surprised, Captain, at what we believe.”
“Yes, something tells me I probably would.” He replied with a nod. “Alright then… it was yesterday, my crewmen were shouting about and pointing at a large object in the sky.” Hereward made gestures with his hands while he spoke. “I got my spyglass out to get a closer look and I will be damned if it did not appear like a dragon at first glance.”
Makaelah took a step forward, her brows knitted together. “A dragon?”
“Aye.” He shook his head. “Though that was not what it was, not exactly. It was all bones, like a skeleton.”
“Hmm.” Darius mumbled, his eyes drifting across the boat seeing Melara standing at the bow, watching him. Clearing his throat, he turned back to the Captain. “And it was just… flying around?”
Hereward shook his head again. “From what I could see, it hovered over a ship down river and the next thing I knew, riders were dropping from its back onto the deck of the ship.”
“They attacked whoever was on that vessel.” Xilton remarked.
“Yes. I am not certain what occurred on the ship but it did not end well for that skeleton beast. My crewmen and I witnessed it crash into the river.” The Captain peered out in the distance as if he were recalling the details. “It sank below the surface after that.” He paused, rubbing his beard. “Strange things happen out here on the river.” A few moments later, he inhaled deeply and glanced at each of them. “Well, I will leave you to get settled. Since we are already running a few days behind schedule, we will set sail immediately.”
“Interesting tale indeed.” Kai’las said after the Captain had stepped away. “Seems there are all sorts of strange events happening across the land.”
Makaelah rubbed her temples. “A skeleton dragon? How is this even possible?”
“They are used by spellcasters. Whoever was on that vessel must have some powerful enemies.” Darius voiced, his eyes following Shadowhawk as she stepped through the door leading to the cabins. He waited a moment before speaking again. “What do you all think of the Elf’s new companion?”
Kai’las leaned back, stretching his arms out across the railing. “The Spirit Bear.” He said and Darius inclined his head. “A spirit companion is natural with some of the Wild Elves. I think it is good. It will serve as a protector and a good companion.”
“In these times, she will need it.” Makaelah added.
The Golden Lass sailed within fifteen minutes, the river flowing choppier than usual, the boat rocking from side to side. The first day back from Greenmar the companions spent alone in their cabins choosing quiet reflection, with the exception of Kai’las, who chose the open deck. There having been only four cabins on the Golden Lass, the Fae quickly solved the argument over which of them would do without. He was not one to sleep locked up in an eight by eight cage when he could sleep under the stars.

†

On the next night, Shadowhawk sat on her favored bench, along the side of the quarterdeck, looking up at the Darksun with the loss of her people weighing heavily on her heart. In respect to them, she wore a silver chain atop her head with a pure white crystal that dropped to the middle of her forehead, very similar to the one Avonliel wore the morning they had departed Greenmar. Shadowhawk had donned it the same morn and wore it still. The boat jolted sharply nearly causing her to slide from the bench. “I will be glad when this Gods forsaken boat journey is over.” She snapped.
“Someone is under the weather.” Kai’las muttered, settling on the deck in front of her, crossing his legs.
“And you think I have no right to be?” She hissed.
Kai’las raised an eyebrow. “I did not say that, though sometimes you have to take a look at things from a different perspective. For instance, you did have the chance to see your home once again.” He eyed the feather dangling from her hair. “Among other things.”
“I lost eleven of my kin in a battle which was meant for us. We led those creatures there. I should have been able to sense their coming.”
Kai’las sighed. “I see you are still beating yourself up over this. How many times does one have to be told something before it actually sinks in and starts to make sense? It was not your fault, D’ae Feon. Do you think I would speak kind words to you just to make you feel better?” It was no secret to any of them that Kai’las did not give the Elf too much of a regard, and vice versa. “If you will not believe any others, than at least believe your Queen. Surely you trust her words to be true.”
“Just go and leave me be.” The Ranger snapped with a glare. 
Kai’las’ eyes flickered with iridescence as he took in a sharp breath. “Very well, D’ae Feon. I will leave you be. I am aware you are grieving but know your tone of words insult me.” Kai’las walked to the other side of the boat, cooling his temper with the nights breeze. He knew he should not be angry with her for speaking to him the way she had, after all, she was suffering but still, he did not like it nor was he used to being treated as such. A little farther along the port side of the vessel, Kai’las found Makaelah standing at the railing, staring out over the dark river, her expression telling him that her thoughts were millions of miles away. “I have seen that look many times, though never on you.” He said, stepping over to stand beside her. “What is troubling you, Makaelah?”
“Many things.” She gave him a faint smile before turning back to the river. “I only hide them well… for the most part.”
“Would you like to talk about what is troubling you the most at this time?”
Makaelah took a breath. “Darius.”
Kai’las scoffed. “Of course it is Darius. Why would I think otherwise?”
She shook her head. “You misunderstand me. It is nothing he has done, but rather something I have done.” Makaelah breathed deeply and continued. “Near the end of the Goblin Wars, while I was in quiet meditation, I received a... a prayer for assistance. It was from his King. They found themselves in a compromising situation, one they saw no way out of.”
Kai’las’ brows furrowed with concern. “What transpired?”
“I immediately sent orders for one thousand of my soldiers to travel through a portal to lend their assistance, though my Ambassador put a stop to it. We had words, but she argued that we could not save everyone.” Anger laced Makaelah’s words. “Of course, I had no choice but to halt my soldiers before they dispatched. I sent Elrendel, my second, to deliver the dreadful news to the Northern King.” Her voice lowered, slightly trembling. “Darius lost his brother in that battle, Kai’las and I am at fault.”
He shook his head. “You are not to blame for this. You said yourself you were ready to send soldiers out. Who is the one person which can overthrow your orders?”
“My Ambassador.”
“Precisely. Your mother.” Kai’las sighed, moving closer and laying a hand on her arm. “Makaelah, I am well aware of the issues you have had with your mother. My father was always very outspoken when it came to Alindra. Not just as your mother but as your Ambassador. She has a way of getting under everyone’s skin who she comes into contact with. So, if you have to blame anyone, lay the blame on her.”
“Whether I lay the blame on her or not, it does not change the fact that it happened, Kai’las. Darius has to be told the truth.”
“Does he?” The both of them stood for long moments in silence staring out at the dark water before Kai’las spoke again. “I consider Darius to be a friend but the Rystarrians are known to hold grudges. If it were me, I would let it be and speak no more of it but I know you, your heart will not leave it alone. You are better than me.” Kai’las took a deep breath. “Be prepared, my friend, for once you tell him, it will appear as if the fires of Faustus were raining down upon you once again.”
“I know.”
“And depending on how disrespectful he is towards you; I cannot promise I will stand aside and watch it for long before I step in.” Kai’las gave her a slight smile as his eyes flickered with light. He kissed her cheek before stepping away.

†

Midafternoon the next day, dark clouds covered the sky so much that hardly any light from the Darksun shone through. All had been quiet since they had returned from Greenmar, Darius was not certain how he felt about it, staying extra alert while on deck with Captain Hereward. 
“How often per month do you travel these waters?” He asked the Captain.
“That depends. Depends on a few things. The job. The coin. Most importantly, the season. I try not to take too many long trips in the dead of winter. Not good being out in the middle of the river during a blizzard.”
“No, I am sure it is not.”
“But the rest of the year compensates for it. When it reached the point when I was away more than I was home, I sold the small cabin I owned outside Jovian Falls and took this as my fulltime home.”
Darius cleared his throat. “And Melara?”
The Captain stared at him a moment with curiosity. “Melara does not usually travel with me. I was pleasantly surprised when she jumped onboard at the last second before we set sail. I asked her what brought it on but she claimed she had been bored and needed a change of scenery. I had thought, Captain Varen you may know something of it.”
“Me? I assure you I only met your daughter after we sailed out of Jovian Falls.”
“Hmm.” Hereward rubbed his chin. “So she said as well.” The Captain’s eyes bore into his. Hereward was not a dimwitted man. He noticed the changes in the Andorian the moment he stepped back onto his boat. How could he not, for they were not subtle. “And you have no idea why lately she will not come out of my cabin?”
“Darius.” Makaelah said from behind, interrupting their conversation. “Apologies if I…”
“No.” Darius said, stopping her. In truth, he was happy to see her and relieved to have the conversation cut short. “We were done here.”
“Yes, quite.” Captain Hereward said. “I will take my leave. Careful…there is a storm coming. You may wish to go to your cabins or below deck soon.” He gave a slight smile while gazing up at the thick clouds before walking away.
“I did not mean to interrupt the two of you.”
Darius chuckled. “Trust me, I am thankful for the interruption.” He took ahold of her arm, leading her toward the railing overlooking the river and out of earshot of others. It surprised him at the excitement he felt knowing she came searching for him. “It is so peaceful out here.” Darius brushed a hand through his hair. “Makaelah, I am glad you came to me. I feel as if we got off at a horrible start. And yes, I am well aware it was all my doing.”
“Please, stop.” She quietly uttered.
Darius could see her eyes held sadness. “What happened?”
Makaelah’s breath caught as a tremble ran through her. “There is something you need to know.” She turned, locking eyes with him.
Whatever she was about to tell him, Darius knew by the looks of it, it was difficult for her to talk about. “Tell me.”
“You will find this difficult to hear. But you need to know. It was I who denied your Northern King’s request for help. It is my fault your men died.” Her voice trembled. “And it is my fault your brother is dead.” In that instant, the clouds broke open and rain began pouring down, though neither of them seemed to notice or even care.
His body immediately tensed. Darius stared into her eyes, seeing them cloud with tears, though he still felt his anger rise. “Why?” He looked away, his jaw clenched. “It would have cost you nothing. You had come to Rystarr’s aid many times. The Celeyians would have crushed those Goblins in a heartbeat.”
“I am at fault.” She held back her emotions, remaining strong. “The rest matters not.”
“It does not matter?” Darius’ voice rose from anger. “My brother is dead. It matters to me.” He waited for her to answer and when it was clear she would not, Darius stormed off. In the distance, lightning lit up the dark sky with the loud booming of thunderclaps.
Makaelah turned her head back toward the river, letting out the breath she had been holding, then shot up into the dark stormy sky, taking flight.

†

The last day which passed on the Golden Lass had been trying and full of tension. Darius spent most of it in his cramped cabin, drinking and being entertained by the Captain’s daughter. Kai’las never seemed to leave Makaelah’s side, though she hardly spoke much to him. Neither Xilton nor Shadowhawk had any idea what had occurred between the Seraph and Darius but were smart enough to know it was serious and avoided them both when at all possible. One thing they were all in agreement of was the fact they were ready to leave the river behind. Gathering together below deck, they all stood over the large map of Rystarr which was spread out across four large barrels of whiskey.
Bending over the map, Darius said, “Captain Hereward will dock right on the outskirts of the West Plains of Aras on the River Aran. We will set off traveling through here…” He pointed to a location on the map, adding, “Seeking out the entrance. That is the plan at this time.” He glanced at his companions. “It will be the most difficult part. No one knows where the entrance is nor what we are even searching for.”
“So, we are to go in blind.” Xilton replied. It seems to happen to us often, she thought, shaking her head. 
Darius shrugged his shoulders, rubbing the back of his neck, having no answers for them.
“You have nothing to say?” Shadowhawk snapped. “We are stepping blindly onto strange land and you have nothing to say.” She turned away from the others, folding her arms across her chest while speaking angrily in elven.
Darius held his hands out. “What would have me say?” He coldly asked.
“Why do you blame Darius for this?” Makaelah snapped back at Shadowhawk while the Warrior stared on, his eyes blank. “He came into this the same as we all did. We are all learning as we go.”
The Elf sniffed. “And how would you know exactly how we came into this when you were not there? You were not in Pembrook.” She sneered. “You do not even belong on Rystarr. You are one of the divine.”
Darius scoffed and mumbled, “Very true.”
Makaelah’s eyes flared with flames of anger. “Be careful Shadowhawk. You know nothing of me.” Her voice was calm but deadly just the same.
Kai’las peered at the others, Xilton had taken a few cautious steps back, standing beside Darius while Shadowhawk stood defiantly before the Seraph. Knowing something had to be done before the situation got out of hand, he stepped between Makaelah and the Elf, turning first to Shadowhawk. “Step away, D’ae Feon.” She stood unmoving with her arms still folded at her chest. “NOW!” He said, eyes glowing. She hissed but did as Kai’las had commanded and backed away, turning around. He then turned his attention to Makaelah whose eyes were beginning to return to normal. Kai’las took her head in his hands, looking into her eyes and watching until the flames were completely gone. “Makaelah?”
Makaelah took a deep breath. “I am fine.” She knew her actions were mainly caused from keeping her emotions inside. “I am fine.” She repeated, taking another deep breath. “We do not have much time. Continue.”
Shadowhawk turned back around, her face full of anger. “I know not what went on between the two of you…” Her eyes drifted between Darius and Makaelah. “Though I do know it was something horrific. Only a fool would say otherwise. You…” Her eyes went to Darius. “Have spent the entire night and most of the day drunk in your stateroom doing the Gods know what. And you…” Her eyes then went to Makaelah. “Have not said two words even to the one person who is supposed to be your closest friend.”
“Listen Elf…” Darius shouted angrily.
“No, you listen.” Shadowhawk said, holding up her hand. “As I said, I know not what happened but I do know this… if we have any chance of completing this quest successfully it is going to take all of us to do so. Which means you two best sort your problems out.”
Kai’las grinned, surprised by her words. “Those are perhaps the most intelligent words I have heard her say yet.” He said, earning glares from everyone except Xilton. He looked apologetically from Makaelah to Darius. “Forgive me, but D’ae Feon speaks the truth. Set your issues aside for the time being and let us accomplish what we set out to do for the sake of the multiverse. With any luck and we are successful, your issues will still be there when this is over.”
It took a few moments, but Darius finally nodded his head and grumbled, “Fair enough,” turning his attention back to the matters at hand. “Before we go on, I wish to say to all of you… we are in this together as equals and any of you who would like to step forward with ideas of your own, then please do so. I know for certain each of you has a voice.” Darius waited but when none of them chose to speak up, he said, “Fine,” and returned to the parchment in front of them, moving on. “One thing I just cannot fathom is the Caves of Jaeron have to be in the Plains of Aras but not one map mentions anything of them. You would think as long as they have been in existence, someone would have placed their location on a bloody map.” Darius shook his head in frustration.
“Is it not obvious?” Xilton asked, her voice surprising the others since she had been so quiet up to that point. “Gamaliel would not want the location revealed. It would make it too easy.” The Monk looked down at the map. “It would be a location where no travelers could likely come across it, and if by chance they did, they would not recognize it for what it was.”
Darius frowned. “But where? The Plains of Aras stretch far and wide. There are five clans of Arans living in the plains, so you would think the caves would be in an area where none of them would find them.”
“These clans…” Xilton started. “Do we have anything to be concerned with?”
“I would say so. Quite a bit.” Darius replied, nodding. “None of the five clans in the Plains of Aras do well with outsiders. As with any new territory we set onto, we have to stay on alert.”
Xilton swallowed hard. “So… keep a lookout for any of the five clans while we search blindly for the entrance to the Caves of Jaeron, praying that once we find it we will recognize it for what it is.”
Darius nodded. “It is all we can do at this point.” 
“How are we even certain it is the west plains and not the east?” Shadowhawk asked.
“That was my idea.” Kai’las replied, his eyes flickering. “Call it a hunch.”
The Elf arched a brow, taking a sharp breath. “A hunch?”
“Our plan is decided.” Darius said as he began rolling up the parchment. “Hereward claimed we should be docking within the hour. I suggest we gather our belongings and meet on deck.”
Darius paid Captain Hereward the remainder of the gold promised before they stepped off the boat onto dry land. He turned back, finding Melara staring down at him from the deck with a glare in her eyes. She had begged him to let her come with them and it did not go well when he flatly told her no. Melara did not understand but Darius was doing her a favor. Someone like her would not last long where they were headed. He gave her a faint smile, watching as Melara turned away. “Well, it was fun while it lasted.” He mumbled.
It was late in the day when the immortals left the boat behind, though they still had enough light left to travel for at least a few hours. The companions had no idea what they were searching for but hoped they would know once they found it, keeping their eyes open for anything out of the ordinary. Even though the tension was still present between them, the demigods were happy to finally be moving closer to the first weapon, the Arbalest of Gamaliel. Now, all they had to do was keep one another alive and find the entrance to the mysterious Caves of Jaeron.

†

The West Plains of Aras sat at the southwest corner of Rystarr. The entire land was extremely scarce on trees and mountains, being fairly flat for the most part with small dips and valleys here and there. From what they could see, the land appeared to be open for miles upon miles. The immortals traveled for days along the River Aran with Makaelah staying in the sky a ways ahead, stopping only to rest for short periods when absolutely necessary and then to lay camp each night.
“Have you ever been this far west?” Xilton asked Darius who walked along beside her, his hands on the hilts of his swords.
“I have, a couple of times, though it has been many years.” He answered without turning his eyes away from in front of him. “The first time was in my youth shortly after I took up service in the Kingsguard. A band of thirty of us set out from Andoria, half of us youths like myself. The officers called it training and I suppose it was. It was a long, hard journey but I returned a man.”
“And the second time?”
Darius hesitated before answering. He did not care for talking about that particular time in his life. “It was a different situation. During the Goblin Wars. Myself and ninety-nine others, working our way across Rystarr only to end up in this desolate land. In the end, three of us became separated from the others, or…” Darius paused, thoughtful. “Perhaps we were the only survivors, I cannot recall.” Truth was, he did not want to discuss it further. “We passed through Greenmar on our return home where Queen Avonliel nursed my wounded comrade. If not for her he would not have survived.”
Xilton kicked at a small rock in her path, sending it soaring a hundred yards away and earning a look of surprise from the Warrior. They both shared a laugh. She wondered if she would ever get used to her powerful anklets. “I remember now, you spoke with Avonliel regarding it.”
“Come winter it will be fifteen years. Those were some trying times. Memories which I chose to forget.” He eyed her from the side. “I met Lanithier then too, though he never mentioned it when we were there visiting. The two of you seemed to had gotten close.”
Xilton smiled. “He was kind to me. I enjoyed his company.”
“Lanithier is honorable and highly respected in the elven community. His reputation proceeds him. In my opinion, you chose good company.” Darius smiled. “But I think he did as well.”
Where none of his companions were able to, Kai’las could barely see Makaelah in the distance, one of the many benefits of being Fae. He was well aware the Celeyian could take care of herself, but still, Kai’las appreciated having the ability to see her, especially with five Aran clans out there somewhere. Turning away from Makaelah, he peered over at Shadowhawk. The Elf tread close to the river with her bow readily available in her hands as if she were expecting trouble at any moment. “Your bow, is it red oak?” Kai’las asked with genuine interest.
“It is.” She answered shortly. 
Kai’las held his hand out. “May I?” Shadowhawk responded with a nod, removing the arrow before handing the weapon over to him. He lifted it, testing its weight before inspecting it, instantly sensing the magic within it. The bow had a slight recurve, engraved throughout with leaves and vines in a complex pattern and entwined with ivy and the grip was brown leather, darkened naturally by the light of the Darksun. “The scrollwork is magnificent. I have seen many unique and treasured weapons produced by the elves. Their work never seizes to amaze me.” Kai’las returned the weapon back to Shadowhawk. “What is the firing range?”
The Elf shrugged. “Perhaps five hundred.”
The companions continued in silence, treading over the empty, lonely land. They stayed beside the river knowing sooner or later, according to their map, it would be coming to an end but at least for the time being fresh water was available for the taking. When night came once again the immortals made camp by the river where they ate a meager meal of trail rations given to them by Captain Hereward.

†

The next day brought much the same as it had been, traveling over low hills and around small clusters of rocks. By midday, the half-Gods still saw no signs of other travelers or anything which would give them hope the Caves of Jaeron were anywhere in the vicinity. The companions were hours into the day when Makaelah landed beside them holding a crude arrow.
“There are Goblins waiting up ahead. Perhaps two hundred yards or so.” She said, showing them the arrow she carried.
Kai’las took the arrow, looking it over. “You caught this?”
“Yes. They only fired the one. There is perhaps sixty of the creatures waiting beside the river.”
Darius frowned. “By the river?”
It took the Warrior by surprise when in a flash, Makaelah brought forth her bow of light and an arrow appeared as she pulled back the string. The arrow tip erupted in purple flames as it blazed through the air, the force of it so strong it struck a Goblin through the neck, forcing the creature into another Goblin behind, the arrow also embedding into the second creatures neck as well. Both Goblins burst into flames, the fire consuming them. “It appears they are already upon us.” Makaelah muttered, pulling back the bowstring for another arrow as more Goblins came at them.
Darius rushed at the creatures, unsheathing his swords as he went. He came at them hard with his newfound strength, jumping over rocks, a flurry of blow after blow. Darius drove Justifier into one. It staggered backwards, tripping over a rock, and falling to the ground where the Warrior finished it off. Another Goblin was already rushing in to take the fallen one’s place. Darius bashed it in the head with the blunt end of Silencer. He grabbed it and used the creature’s body as a shield for another who flew at him with its sword raised. The Goblin ‘shield’ fell to the ground, thrashing in agony while Darius turned in place and set his glowing white eyes on the next one.
As her Spirit Bear separated from her, growling while it rushed at an approaching Goblin, Shadowhawk dodged and jumped out of the way of an oncoming arrow. She returned the favor, firing her own arrow at a Goblin racing toward her. The creature flew backwards due to the force of the impact, crashing to the hard ground with the Elf’s arrow protruding from its chest. She turned to her left, seeing her bear had one locked in its deadly jaws. With no time to waste, Shadowhawk nocked another arrow, pulled back and fired, dropping a second foe with a single hit. She sent off another two more before her heart took its next beat.
Xilton jumped at a Goblin with a flying front kick, sending the creature flying before crashing into a large boulder. She came at the next two with a whirl of blows, her enhanced strength and speed causing every bone to turn to mush. Xilton turned and jump side kicked a Goblin bedside her, knocking it backwards into the Fae.
The Goblin pounded into Kai’las’ backside. He whirled around with Glimmer, taking off the creature’s head. Another beast came at him head on, Kai’las sidestepped, gliding his blade around in an arc as lightning crackled through it. Bringing his sword down, he sliced the Goblin clean in half and revealed another creature behind. He raised his hand, blasting the beast with a stream of fire. It stumbled around for a few minutes while screeching in pain before finally dropping to the ground.
It was a bloody massacre. Pieces of Goblins were strewn about. The scene brought back unpleasant memories to Darius. Memories he was trying hard to forget. He stood at the bank of the river, gazing out at nothing really. When he finally got his thoughts together, Darius returned to his companions. “You had said the Goblins were waiting by the river.” He spoke to Makaelah.
“I did.” She replied.
Darius was thoughtful. “Goblins hate water. They would not be lounging about it less they have reason to.” 
“They were waiting for us. Attempting an ambush.” Xilton responded, her nostrils flaring.
“Yes.” Darius agreed. He scanned around the surrounding area, searching for movement but seeing nothing. Slipping his pack across his shoulder he said, “Let us move on.”

‡

“You were correct, Mage.” Lorimier said to Skalanis. “They truly are remarkable creatures.” The two of them had been keeping their distance from the demigods, traveling well behind them. “And that spirit animal of the Wild Elf’s...”
“Yes...” The Mage replied, none too happily. “It is something new. Something she acquired while in her home village.”
The Elf grinned. “Well, it was bound to happen. I have had a few encounters with the Elves of Greenmar and they are incredibly deep in their nature.”
“Why did you send Goblins?” Skalanis sneered. “I already told you it would be a massacre. A waste of time.”
Lorimier laughed. “You see it so, but I... I saw the beauty in it.” The Elf took a drink from his waterskin, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “Besides, now there are less sixty-four of the grotesque beasts. Rystarr is better off.”
“Still... a waste of time.”
“Patience.” Lorimier said. “They will encounter something larger. Something... stronger. In time. After all, we are in the Plains of Aras.”
 
‡

For the next two days, the companions trailed along the river. Landscape starting out was smooth and flat for the most part, becoming tougher when jagged slopes started taking over, then later turning to a pebbly sand. The demigods stopped to break camp at the end of the second day when the sky had just begun to darken. 
“I had thought this day would never end.” Xilton voiced. She sat on her bedroll rubbing her bare feet. “How many days and we still see nothing?”
“Seven.” Kai’las spoke up while using his powers to light a fire. Bright flames instantly erupted. “But who is counting.” 
“I am.” Shadowhawk said glumly.
Darius rubbed the back of his neck and stretched out on his bedroll, his feet overlapping it by a couple of inches. “Tomorrow we will have to break away from the river. Head more west.” His eyes caught Makaelah as she landed from the sky, folding her beautiful wings behind her. They had not spoken much since she had told him the truth. It was easy to keep their distance from one another when she had been keeping mostly to the sky. 
“Anything?” Xilton asked the Seraph.
Makaelah shook her head. “Nothing which I could see.”
“I pray we have better luck come the morn.” The Monk replied, laying down on her bedding.
“Come, sit with me.” Kai’las said to Makaelah, motioning with his hand for her to have a seat next to him by the fire. She smiled and moved immediately, sitting down beside him. “You have not seen the ones who follow us?”
“If they are still there, they stay well concealed.” The Celeyian replied. 
“Oh, I am almost certain they are still there.” The Fae said calmly. “I do not believe they will give up so easily.” His eyes turned to Makaelah. “Which reminds me. What transpired in Jovian Falls with those thieves led by the man Aiden?” The Seraph’s eyes flew to Shadowhawk and Kai’las grinned faintly. “Yes, D’ae Feon spoke of it. Why did you not end their miserable existence?”
“They did not trouble me.” Makaelah turned away so she would not have to look him in the eyes. She peered across the fire at Darius laying on his bedding, a shining golden aura surrounding him from head to toe. His aura was once a brilliant green before he had come into his powers.
“Yet they ran as cowards at the first sign of Goblins, lending you and D’ae Feon no aid.” Kai’las continued speaking. “Need I also remind you of their intentions that night?”
Makaelah took a sharp breath. “No.”
“They will not survive for long before they meddle with the wrong company.” Shadowhawk said, voicing her opinion.
“No, they will not.” Kai’las stated. “And it would be good for their sakes, for if we were to have another encounter with them I would not be merciful.”

†

“DARIUS!” The Warrior awoke with a start upon hearing the shouting of his name. He was on his feet in seconds with his blades drawn. He took a moment, glancing around in confusion. Shadowhawk stood ten paces away with bow nocked at the ready while Makaelah had her sword drawn, standing near. Through the firelight, he saw Kai’las creating a Fire Elemental to lend aid as four others stood by already, waiting for his command. 
Darius’ eyes drifted around, searching for the Monk. “Where is Xilton?”
“In the river.” Kai’las replied as he finished creating his fifth Elemental.
“What?” Darius exclaimed in surprise. His first instinct was to jump in and retrieve her.
“Fret not. I already sent help to her. We have bigger problems.” Kai’las unsheathed Glimmer and spoke elegantly in the Fae language, commanding his Fire Elementals to spread out, allowing him some room.
“What is the concern?” Darius asked, though did not need to be told, for he saw the whites of their eyes closing in.
“The Brazen Horde.” The Fae replied as a bronze skinned warrior moved to attack him with a deadly curved sword. While Kai’las fought, more of the warriors moved in, spreading out to attack his companions. They were very animalistic, their steps effortless and smooth. The Fae attacked, slashing, but his opponent leapt away. Circling left, Kai’las rammed Glimmer through the warriors chest, lightning crackled from the sword and the man fell to the ground twitching.
Darius pressed forward catching a warrior off balance, crashing into him, and bashing him to the ground. He brought Justifier up, ramming it down through the man’s skull. Immediately, another savage moved in on him but Darius was surprised when a Fire Elemental wrapped its fiery arms around him, enveloping the man in blazing hot flames. The Elemental held him until he screamed no more and nothing was left but ashes. Darius turned as a warrior rushed at him, slamming him to the ground and knocking the air from his lungs. Punching the foe in the face, the Warrior rolled and was back on his feet, blocking a downward swing with Silencer, he kicked his foe in the gut, the impact causing the savage to fly back several feet. Darius stalked over to the man, looking down on him with his glowing white eyes. Justifier arced in a blurring motion coming down and taking off the Horde members head.
Three of the Brazen Horde members surrounded Makaelah but made no attempts to attack. They pushed into her, driving her backwards and allowing her no access to pass, though their moves only angered the Seraph. Makaelah took a deep, calming breath and held her palms out before her. She spoke one word in the Celeyian tongue and pure white light burst forth from her open hands, connecting with the savages eyes. When the light faded, all three of the horde members immediately dropped their weapons, going down on their knees before her as if they were now in awe of her.
Shadowhawk sidestepped and turned in place, bringing her sword back around and straight into the belly of the man in front of her while her Spirit Bear rushed the warrior next to her, a loud growl coming from its throat before latching onto his leg. The Elf had already taken down one Horde member with arrows but as they moved in closer, her sword came out. A Fire Elemental moved in to help with the remaining foe, wrapping him in a fiery hug.
The demigods killed ten members of the Brazen Horde Clan that night. Kai’las dismissed his Fire Elementals after using them to dispose of the remaining bodies. Movement came from the river and seconds later, Xilton was carried through the darkness in the arms of a Water Elemental, her limp body motionless. Kai’las spoke to it in the Fae language and the Elemental gently placed the Monk in his arms after which he whispered words, dismissing the Elemental.
Darius rushed over with Shadowhawk and Makaelah. “Is she...” He asked.
“She is alive.” Kai’las said, laying Xilton down in front of the fire on her bedroll and wrapping her cloak around her. He took careful consideration of the arrow which protruded from her upper arm. The Fae waved his hand and Xilton woke up in a fit of coughing, water spewing from her mouth. He turned her head letting the water run out. 
“Is she well?” Shadowhawk voiced with concern.
Kai’las grinned. “She is fine.” The Monk glanced around with wide eyes seeing all of their grinning faces. “Now, to get the arrow out.”
“This will hurt.” Darius said, putting a stick between her teeth. “Bite down on this. It will help.” Xilton nodded, clamping down on the piece of wood. Darius breathed deeply, reaching for the arrow.
“Wait.” Kai’las said, stopping him. “I will remove it.” Darius exchanged a brief look with him but moved aside. Kai’las raised his hands, using his Fae powers to gently glide the arrow out smooth and easily. Blood poured down Xilton’s arm but the Warrior was ready to wrap it tight with cloth.
“She will need more than dressing.” Shadowhawk voiced. “You should burn the wound.”
“No.” Makaelah responded from behind. “I will heal her.” The others stepped back to give the Seraph room as she moved in to sit beside Xilton. “Much less painful than burning a wound.” She said with a smile.
“Yes, I would agree to that. My thanks.” The Monk replied, her voice raspy.
“Not at all.” Makaelah gently unwrapped the dressing and inspected the wound. “Now, lie still.” She directed and pulled out a blue feather from her wing. Makaelah put the feather to her lips and whispered, “Heal” in the Celeyian tongue then placed the tip directly into Xilton’s wound. Her companions looked on as the fluffy plume immediately vaporized into an icy blue cloud.
Xilton regarded her arm which was now completely healed. “By the Gods.” She expressed while sitting up.
Darius could not help but smile. His eyes trailed across their camp, coming to rest on the three horde members who were still kneeling with their heads bowed. “What should we do with them?” He frowned in confusion. “What did you do to them, Kai’las?”
The Fae laughed. “That was not me. I would not leave any of those savages alive. That is Makaelah’s work.”
Darius’ eyes went to the Seraph. “What is wrong with them?”
“There is nothing wrong with them now.” She coldly replied. “They have atoned for their evil ways.”
“Atoned? And you have done this?” He asked with surprise, inducing her to give a nod. “Hmm.”
  
‡

“You fool.” Skalanis snapped at Lorimier after he witnessed the Monk get thrown into the river.
Lorimier cast a cold look on the man. “Be careful, Mage.” He warned. “I am an easy one to get on with but when you start insulting me I can quickly become your enemy.”
The Mage looked at him, and at the river, then back at him again with panic in his eyes. “What were you thinking? We need them to lead us to the weapons.”
“Relax.” Lorimier replied. “They will get through this. You underestimate the Fae. He will save her.”
The two of them watched as the battle played out before them. Silently witnessing Kai’las summoning both his Water and Fire Elementals. Skalanis gasped as the Water Elemental carried the Monk from the river, saying a silent prayer to the God of Evil she still lived. For their sakes. 
As the time carried on and they saw the Monk lived, Skalanis finally let go of the breath he had been holding and Lorimier grinned widely. “See.” The Elf said to his companion. “What did I tell you?” Lorimier glanced up at the sky. “They will be leaving soon. We should go.”
“Are you not going to send word to Grorrus of our findings?”
“Oh, right, I should do that.” Lorimier listlessly said. He stepped away, leaving the Mage with a look of detest.

‡

“What happened last night, before the battle?” Darius asked his companions. “I awoke upon hearing my name shouted.” They had packed up before the dawn and headed out, wanting no more trouble from the Brazen Horde Clan. 
“We tried to wake you but you were in such a deep sleep.” Xilton answered. “I shouted your name as a last attempt as I was struck with an arrow and thrown into the river.”
Kai’las took up the conversation from there. “Knowing time was of the essence and we would soon have enemies upon us, I immediately created a Water Elemental to see Xilton returned to us safely, giving me the opportunity to stay where I was and create the Fire Elementals. I believe the rest you are aware of.”
The Warrior’s brows furrowed in confusion. “I am curious. How did you know it was the Brazen Horde?”
“I heard them.” Kai’las remarked, watching Makaelah flying in the distance. “They were still quite a distance away, speaking in whispers in their barbarous native tongue. I used the time to prepare for their coming.” His smile was full of deviltry when his eyes met his.
Darius’ eyes were full of concern. “Luck was with us last night. The Brazen Horde usually travel in higher numbers. We need to find those caves. Quickly.”

CHAPTER
18

The day moved along slowly as they traveled away from the river, moving westward, deeper into the west plains. The terrain grew jagged and uneven in some parts and then later smoothing out to pebbly sand once again. Throughout the brisk day, the only signs of life the companions found were that of a few animal tracks, which the Ranger thought to belong to some sort of large cat.
Kai’las abruptly stopped, his head tilted to the side as he listened. He narrowed his eyes, turning to search behind. 
“What do you hear?” Darius asked.
The Fae turned back around and began walking, speaking quietly. “We are being followed... closely.”
“How can this be?” Shadowhawk expressed. “There is no way of concealment.”
“Bloody Faustus, we have spoken of this before... there is a way.” Darius sneered. “For a mage.” All this time in the plains he had been hoping they had lost their tail. Whoever it is was just standing in the background watching them. “You heard him?”
Kai’las quietly replied, “I heard two voices and... another.” He stopped walking once again, pausing to collect his thoughts. “There are three. But the one is not with the other two. He is closer.”
“Are you certain?” Darius asked as they moved along.
Kai’las shot him a glance that said, ‘are you truly questioning me?’ “Yes, I am certain. I could smell him. He is... human.” He looked at Darius, shrugging a shoulder. 
The Warrior inclined his head. “How close does one have to get for you to... smell them?”
Kai’las grinned. He could tell his friend was surprised by what he just confessed. “Fairly close. Unless it comes to me on a breeze, and I feel none here.”
“What should we do?” Xilton asked.
“There is nothing we can do at the moment. Until they reveal themselves. But the human is one I have smelt before.” 
“In Greenmar.” Darius growled.
“Yes.” Kai’las muttered and lifted his head up at the sky. Through the dark clouds he could see the Seraph heading their way, flying low. “Makaelah is returning.”
Makaelah was actually a distance away and took some time to reach them. She dropped gracefully behind them, folding her wings. “A little more than mile ahead, the terrain becomes green and grassy. Smooth.”
“But you saw nothing?” The Monk responded.
“Spotted cats. Striped horses.” She said, though she knew it was not what they were hoping to hear. “I fear it will storm soon and there is no shelter to be had.”
“As with everything, we will worry about it when the time comes.” Darius remarked, pushing on. 
The rocky terrain opened up to green pasture less than an hour later, stretching across the wide-open plains. The sky was slightly darkening when the clouds opened up and the first droplets of rain began coming down. Kai’las stressed his thoughts on halting their travels for the night, assuring his companions he would see that the rain would not trouble them. The others agreed and so with a soft wave of his hand, Kai’las created a clear canopy, extending his power to envelope around them, holding the rain at bay. He then used his powers and began removing dirt in the center of the shelter as the demigods looked on in puzzlement. When Kai’las was content with the amount of dirt removed, another wave of his hand and flames erupted from the pit he had created.
A short while after, the immortals had their bedrolls set up, sitting close to the fire, for the night was cool. Darius’ thoughts began wandering of their future travels. Preparations needed to be taken, for it would not be long before winter would be upon them. He had traveled during the blistery snowstorms of Rystarr and without the proper gear, it would be arduous. Xilton’s voice pulled him out of his reverie.
“May I see it?” She spoke to Makaelah.
“Of course.” The Celeyian said, passing the Monk her sword.
Xilton softly ran her hand up the back end of the blade, inspecting the finely etched detail. “The words...they are Celeyian?”
“They are. They tell the story of the sword. Its name, Erathyl.”
Xilton’s brows furrowed in confusion. “The story?”
“Yes. More etching appears on the blade each time it is wielded in… certain battles, telling more of the blades story.” Xilton’s eyes lit up and Makaelah saw the pink aura surrounding her brighten.
 Xilton looked further, carefully examining its brilliance. Starting at the pommel was a golden dragon’s head with clear blue stones set in the eyes, the beasts body wrapped around the grip leaving its tail to sweep out, making the cross-guard. A one-inch circular pale blue stone was embedded into the blade right below the cross-guard. She had never seen such an extraordinary weapon. And deadly. “It is... beautiful.” She said, passing it back. “What is the meaning of its name?”
“Destroyer of Dragons.” 
“Oh.” Xilton’s eyes widened. “Have you killed a dragon before?”
“Yes. A fair amount.” Makaelah responded, though she did not wish to speak of it.
“Dragons have been the Celeyians lethal enemy since the beginning of the Planes creation.” Kai’las spoke up. “They have broken through onto Celeya on several occasions causing great harm, death and destruction.” He gave the Seraph a friendly smile. “Makaelah slays them at all costs... with Erathyl.”
“No. I have assistance from others.” She said modestly, then added, “Apologies, but I wish to speak of this no more.” Peering across the campfire at Darius, Makaelah thought she saw admiration in his eyes, which was something new coming from him as of late. 
“And your bow?” Shadowhawk voiced. She had witnessed the Celeyian use the bow of light on occasion and the magic which sprung forth from it greatly amazed her.
Makaelah took a moment to respond. “The bow is called Peregi. It means Flame.”
Shadowhawk frowned in thought. “Did it always have a name or did you name it yourself?”
“I have been wielding it for so long but I do remember the day my father gave me the gift of the ability to wield the bow as if it were yesterday. Peregi has always had a name.” The Elf did not respond but became quiet and thoughtful and Makaelah took notice of this. “Do not fret, the name of your bow will come to you when it is time.”
Shadowhawk nodded faintly, remembering the time when her mother had presented her with the bow two and eighty years ago. Since then, she had been waiting, hoping to hear its name. She had heard some of her kin mention theirs had come to them through dreams.
“May I ask you of your spirit companion?” Makaelah asked and the Elf’s eyes immediately drifted to hers. After several long moments she finally inclined her head. “Obviously, I do not know anything of them but I have noticed that it seems very protective over you and appears when you have need of it. Does it have a name?”
Shadowhawk stared down at her hands for the longest time before she raised her head. “Yes, its name is Quar Re.”

†

Makaelah awoke to a soft brushing against her temple. It was black as pitch. Kai’las’ magical fire was no longer burning. Touching her forehead, she noticed her stone had been meddled with. She sat up. “Kai’las.” Makaelah called out and the Fae shifted next to her before her heart took its next beat.
Kai’las did not have to ask, for he could smell the stench of the human. He raised a hand, attempting to use his powers when he heard a male voice speak, “Ignis! Flamma! Perero!” The camp suddenly lit up in magical flames, surrounding them and keeping his powers locked in that area.
“What has happened?” Darius growled while Shadowhawk and Xilton stood behind him, both appearing panicked.
Kai’las’ eyes glowed iridescent green. He let out a slow hiss. “The human.” He sneered. Raising his hand, the Fae lifted his shelter over their campsite and the rain began pouring down on them, extinguishing the surrounding flames. A quarter of a second later, Xilton gasped when large iridescent amber wings sprouted from Kai’las’ back and he shot into the air, soaring off.
Makaelah was on her feet in an instant. “He is after the human. I must find him.” She sheathed her sword.
“Wait.” Darius replied, his ice blue eyes showing concern for a change. “Do you think it wise? Kai’las was...”
“He is angry, yes. He will likely kill the mage but I need answers first.” Makaelah took to the dark and stormy sky, leaving her companions standing in the pouring rain.

†

It was early dawn by the time Makaelah returned with Kai’las. The rain had stopped hours ago, leaving everything soaked in its wake. 
Darius cast a glance at the Fae’s eyes, noticing the pale green color and his wings had vanished once he landed on the ground. “Did you find him?” He asked.
“No.” Kai’las snapped, his eyes flashing iridescent for the briefest of seconds, letting the Warrior know he was not happy.
“He traveled northeast.” Makaelah said, shaking out her wet bedding. “Which was all we were able to determine. Kai’las and I... we flew as far as Aethil Wood.”
“Aethil Wood?” Shadowhawk voiced in surprise at the distance they had traveled. “How could a human travel that distance?”
“He is a mage.” Makaelah shook her head. “I do not know. Kai’las believes he had a familiar.”
“Yes, it would make sense.” Xilton replied. “Do you know what he was after?”
“I believe he was after my stone.” The Seraph admitted, touching the blue stone in the center of the band around her head. Makaelah had decided after the second attempt, her companions would need to know.
Xilton stepped closer. “By the Gods. I had not looked close enough to take notice before. You wear the Heart of Celeya.” Her words were a statement, not a question. The Monk knew enough of the Celeyians to know what the Heart of Celeya was and what it was capable of doing. “It was how you portaled to Rystarr.”
Darius’ head snapped around. “Is that what this stone does?” He stepped closer. “Creates portals?”
Makaelah hesitated before she responded. “Yes, but...”
“And we spent over a week on a boat?” He growled.
Kai’las was standing before him in less than a quarter of a second, his eyes glowing. “Think before you speak. Makaelah was on the boat with us...with you, do you not think she would have portaled us had she could?”
Darius stood face to face; his eyes locked with the Fae’s. He breathed deeply. “I do”. He turned to Makaelah. “Forgive me, I know nothing of your stone, nor how it works.” Darius said somewhat coldly.
The Celeyian gave a curt nod. “I cannot speak much of it, though I can tell you at this time, I am only capable of creating a portal to return to Celeya.” Her father had reservations of her traveling Rystarr with such a powerful artifact, but he wanted to make certain his daughter always had a way home. “Others have attempted to take it in the past, but this Mage...he has gotten too close.”
Kai’las took a sharp breath. “I will find him.” He said pointedly. “And I will end his miserable existence.” He bent to retrieve his pack, noticing for the first time that all of his belongings were soaked through. Because of the magic user’s flames, he had no choice but to lift their shelter last night, letting the rain through. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, letting his anger go. When he opened them, they were the palest of greens and all within their campsite was now completely dry.

‡

Arendon stood on the rooftop of the three-story Inn overlooking the city of Jovian Falls. His wings were slightly spread, pure white with a scatter of crimson red feathers. There was no one out walking about in the early hours of the morning except for the occasional city Guard and several Paladins of Seleria. He missed his sister. She had been there fairly recently, or so he had heard. Other than a small glimpse, he had not seen Makaelah in over two centuries. Not since he left Celeya, to walk amongst the races of Rystarr.
He heard the slightest whispering of a prayer. It was incredibly faint but it was there. Arendon suddenly shot into the sky, flying toward the cascades on the northwest side of the city. Once there, the Seraph flew through one of the high waterfalls into a hidden cavern, advancing deeper in. He cleared his mind and called out. “Moculus.”
Instantly, a four-foot image of the Mage began appearing in front of the Celeyian. “Sire.” 
Arendon did not bother correcting him on the misuse of his name. “You have news for me?”
“Yes, I had made another attempt at the stone.” Moculus said, his voice uneasy. “Though regrettably I was unsuccessful once again. Close... but unsuccessful.” Suddenly, the mage lit up with excitement. “But this time I actually touched it, Sire. I touched the stone.” 
“You...touched it?” Arendon repeated, his voice calm but cold. He took a deep breath. “Yet you could not take it.”
Moculus swallowed hard. “The Fae... the Fae, he is a powerful being. I barely escaped.”
“Yet you did.” He said, his eyes glowing. “Before it was Makaelah you mentioned that you barely escaped from.”
“Yes, that is true. In the village of the Wild Elves.” The Mage lowered his eyes. “But I will find a way, Sire.”
“Yes, you will... and soon. I am losing patience.” Arendon cleared his mind, ending their conversation as he turned, leaving the cold, wet cavern.

‡

The companions traveled through another day, seeing no sign of anything leading up to the Caves and they were beginning to become discouraged. When the sky was just starting to darken, they finally decided to stop for the night under one of the very few copses of trees that could be found in the sparse land. 
“Are you certain a fire would be wise?” Xilton asked, thinking of their past two nights as she watched Kai’las use his powers to start a fire which soon blazed within seconds. 
“If you are concerned about being seen by any of the Arans clans…” Darius voiced. “Then trust me, they probably already know we are here.”
“Are you certain?” Her brows furrowed. “Then why have they not made their presence known?”
Darius shrugged his burly shoulders. “Could be many reasons. Do not fret, Xilton and enjoy the night.”
The Monk tried to heed his advice, taking a seat next to the fire. She opened her pack and pulled out a map of the area, holding it out before her. Still leery while she studied the parchment, her eyes kept drifting off in the distance. “Without any landmarks or anything to follow, it is difficult to know exactly where we are.” She did not like surprises. Especially in the dark.
“Aye, it is.” Darius replied. “May I?” Xilton handed him the map when he sat down next to her, spreading it out on the ground before him.
“When we have completed our task…” Kai’las said to Makaelah while he snacked on a piece of hard cheese. “And we are known as heroes throughout the multiverse… would you then take me with you to Celeya? Do you believe your mother would let me pass through those golden gates?” He gave her a devilish grin. “Or do you think she will still be blinded by a thousand years of mindless quarrels?”
“I would take you with me if I could. Have faith, my friend.” Makaelah whispered, brushing a lock of his long hair behind his ear. “Time changes all things. Even the most stubborn of hearts.”
Kai’las scoffed. “Clearly you have never met my father.” His striking eyes met her golden ones. The sound of someone clearing his throat drew his attention away from her. Turning his head, Kai’las found Darius glaring at him from across the fire. He chuckled. “Apologies, was I speaking too loud? Or is there something you wish to say perhaps?”
“No, but you should keep alert.” Darius said with a frown.
“You think I would not know if someone reached within a hundred yards from us?” Kai’las said with a grin. “Very well.” He stood and stretched. “It is a beautiful night. Perhaps I will keep alert by taking a short walk to stretch my legs.”
 “I do not think it wise.” Shadowhawk voiced.
 Kai’las’ smile grew wider. “If you are concerned for my welfare, D’ae Feon, then why not join me as my protector? The Plains of Aras stretch wide, I am certain we can find something to do out there.”
Shadowhawk sniffed. “I would rather be chased by a pack of ravaged wolves.”
Kai’las chuckled as he strapped on his weapon. “Please, say how you truly feel.” He sighed. “So be it. It is your loss.” He walked away, leaving the light of the camp.
“You think there are more clans near us?” Xilton asked Darius, thinking of his comment from earlier.
He began rolling up the parchment. “If I had to guess, I would say, yes.” Darius saw the concern in her eyes. “As I said before, do not trouble yourself, Xilton. Stay alert. We have gotten this far. We will get through whatever comes.” 
Kai’las strutted right back into camp with a wide grin on his face, trailing behind a golden butterfly. The winged insect circled around each of them, shooting forward and back and flying in several loops before finally coming to a rest atop of Shadowhawk’s travelers pack.
“I have seen many butterflies in my lifetime but never have I seen one as peculiar as this.” Xilton stated.
“Agreed.” Said Shadowhawk, staring at the butterfly next to her.
“Ah, but this is no ordinary butterfly, my friends.” Kai’las replied and at his words, the butterfly began to sparkle and brighten, changing forms an instant before an intense burst of colors shot forth from it. When the light faded, a woman was left standing in its place. She was average height, wearing robes the color of roasted chestnuts. Long wavy blonde hair framed a beautiful face with bright blue eyes.
Kai’las immediately stepped toward her, the grin never leaving his face. “Mother, you always knew how to make an entrance.” He said, kissing her cheek.
“Kai’las, my son.” She responded with a sweet, musical voice.
Kai’las took her hand, spinning her around to face his companions. “My friends, may I present to you Sandrella, the Goddess of Nature.” He gazed at her with pride showing in his unusual eyes. “My mother.” The surprised half-Gods stood, bowing their heads in respect.
“Greetings, my friends.” Sandrella’s smile was warm and pleasant as she placed her hand over her heart. “You honor me.”
“To what do we owe this honor, Goddess?” Makaelah asked.
“I wished to meet you for myself. The powerful immortals who will save Rystarr.” Sandrella sighed. “Truthfully, I felt you all needed some… encouragement, if you will.” She regarded each of them individually. “Come, let us talk, but first…” With a magical wave of her hand, an elaborate banquet was spread out before them, the food resting upon a tabletop floating several feet above the ground. “Let us eat. I am certain you are all famished.”
While Kai’las and his mother spoke quietly, sitting off alone to one side of their campsite, the comrades enjoyed their meal. Makaelah watched the two together, they appeared incredibly close and it reminded the Seraph of her own relationship with her father, making her feel a touch homesick.
Full darkness had fallen across the land by the time they had finished their meal. Sandrella knew the demigods had questions for her and while she agreed to answer those that she could, she explained to them there were limits to what she could and could not speak of.
Kai’las lounged, listening to his mother’s sweet voice and he started thinking back to when he was a younger Fae. A day in time he would never forget when he had asked Sandrella what it was she saw in his father that made her decide to choose him to father her child, for her being a Goddess, she could have had any being she desired.
Sandrella’s laugh always resembled music to him. “When I first laid eyes on the Seelie King…” She began. “I could not tear them away no matter how hard I tried. With his light golden hair and pale green eyes, no other being in all eternity matched his beauty. His eyes were a color I had never before seen, though now there are two who exist with those eyes, for yours, my son, are just like his.”
Kai’las’ eyes lit up. “You love him.”
“Yes, I have always loved Rhaak’Var. Since the very day I saw him.”
Kai’las was brought from his reverie when he heard Makaelah’s voice speak to the Goddess. “We have traveled so far and still; each day see nothing.” The Seraph said. “We do not even know for certain if we are on the correct path.”
Sandrella smiled. “I can say without a doubt, you are on the correct path and you will reach a crossroads very soon. When you finally discover the Caves of Jaeron there will be only one direction for you to go which will be up.” The Goddess pointed skyward as she spoke the last word, though the companions had no idea what she was referring to but assumed they would find out in due time. Sandrella however, did not discuss it any further and they did not push the subject. “I wish I could tell you more, but…”
“Yes, we know, Mother.” Kai’las said, interrupting her and then in a deep voice he added, “Qadan has forbidden it.”
She silently gave a nod. “I know it is difficult, but please do not become discouraged, for you are closer than you know.”
“It is difficult.” Xilton agreed. “There has been nothing for us to follow. Though I am sure it was the idea when Gamaliel chose the location to conceal the Arbalest.”
“Indeed, it was.” The Goddess replied. “A large portion of the challenge to prove your worthiness is discovering the locations of the three weapons. I know not why, but we must assume the three Greaters have reasons for all they have done and most likely are still achieving, even though they are away in exile.”
“And Qadan... he is still missing, I take it.” Darius said, though it was not a question.
“Aye.” Sandrella voiced quietly. “Though we know he watches us. It was Qadan who warned us The Bursting was once again drawing near.”
“Let us hope it does not end as it had the last millennia when the other chosen had failed.” Shadowhawk mumbled. “We were shown what was left of Pembrook.”
Sandrella’s eyes flew to Shadowhawk and the Goddess shook her head. “The other chosen, Qadan rest their souls, were mere mortals. They did not have our blood running through their veins. Not as the five of you. Do not misunderstand me, it will be of no easy feat. Many will try to stop you.”
“They have already tried.” Darius stated while he poured himself another flagon of ale from the assortment of drinks. “We have been followed since Janardan. We have had Goblins sent on us in Jovian Falls and then Kromiths while we visited the village of the Wild Elves.” Shadowhawk shifted uncomfortably at the mention of her home and the devastating event. “More Goblins near the river here in the plains.” Darius did not mention the Brazen Horde Clan, for he was not certain if they happened on them by chance.
“Kromiths? Foul beasts.” Sandrella sneered. “It is more than likely a mage of sorts working for Tark-volmar.” When the Goddess took notice of their confusion, she added, “Tark-volmar is the demigod son of Arrôz. He has many followers of his own, though his prized possession are The Condemned.”
“The… the Condemned?” Xilton asked with a touch of unease.
Sandrella nodded. “Yes, one hundred undead knights given to him by his father. I do pray you never encounter them. I have heard they are powerful foes.”
“I pray as well. We have enough to concern ourselves with.” Darius stated. “Kai’las said there are now three tailing us. Do you suspect they were all sent by this Tark-volmar then?”
“Three?” Sandrella said with surprise. “Yes, perhaps. Though, honestly, Arrôz has many followers. Sadly, there are even some of my brothers and sisters who have allied with him. Asmoellus and Koron to name just a couple.”
“Koron...” Darius said, standing before the Goddess. “He is Bronn’s twin.”
“Yes.” Sandrella replied sadly. She stopped and considered him, her eyes resting on his pale blue ones. “Now I see it. You are Bronn’s son.” Darius inclined his head. “And which one are you?”
The Warrior frowned, shooting her a strange glance. “Does he have more than one?”
Sandrella smiled with a twinkle in her blue eyes. “I was referring to your name. What is your name?”
 “Mother...” Kai’las spoke up, casting the same look at her that Darius had. “This is Darius.”
“Oh, yes… Darius.” The Goddess replied offhandedly.
Xilton cleared her throat, deciding to move on to another area that had been troubling them, since she was not sure how much longer the Goddess would remain with them. “Do you have any idea why Makaelah would be avoided in battles? The creatures we have fought would get close to her, within striking distance, but even when she would strike at them, none would attack.”
Sandrella frowned, turning to eye Makaelah. “How odd is that? I can understand why this would puzzle you so.”
“We even had an encounter with one of the Arans Clans.” Kai’las voiced. “The Brazen Horde. They made no attempt to strike her.”
 “I have no idea why this could be.” The Goddess turned deep in thought. “Have you spoken of this with your father?” She asked the Seraph.
Makaelah shook her head. “No. I have not seen my father nor heard from him since I departed Celeya, but I am confident if he had any news I should hear of, he would contact me one way or another.”
“Yes, of course. It leads me to believe he is unaware of it then.”
Kai’las brought himself up to a sitting position with his legs crossed. “Look into it, mother, will you?”
It made Sandrella’s heart swell seeing that her son truly cared for the Celeyian. She was happy he choose not to let a foolish quarrel which had been carrying on for far too long, as far as she was concerned, stand between him and his happiness. Though she was pretty certain it was only a friendship, still she would not be opposed to the idea of a romantic relationship between the two. The Goddess smiled. “Certainly.”
“You have my thanks, Goddess.” Makaelah responded.
“Please, call me Sandrella. And no need to thank me. I will do what I can for any of you.” They sat in silence for a time before the Goddess finally stood. “Now, I regret I must leave you. You need not worry of anything tonight, for I have placed a concealment veil around your campsite but once you leave here in the morn it will no longer be active.”
Kai’las came to stand next to the Goddess, taking her hand into his own. “Mother. You will contact us if you discover anything?”
She smiled. “And even if I do not. Please be careful.”
“Am I not always?” He said with a wink.
Sandrella lovingly patted his cheek. “Sometimes I do wonder.” She turned and gave a quick look at Makaelah before turning back to Kai’las, whispering into his ear. “Perhaps there is not, but just in case there is a tiny spark of something… I do approve, even if your father would not.”
Kai’las chuckled. “There is not, but I thank you for the approval none the less.”
Sandrella sighed. “Well, a mother can hope.” She turned to the others who had gathered around her. “There is one more thing I can do for you.” The Goddess waved her hand and a large canvas shelter appeared before them. “Sleep well this night, for exciting things come on the morrow.”
Kai’las bent down and kissed her cheek. “Goodbye mother.”
The immortals watched as the Goddess stepped back and was suddenly enveloped in the same brilliant light that brought her there. When the light dissipated, Sandrella was gone.

†

The companions did indeed sleep well, for inside the shelter large cots with thick blankets were laid out, the room larger on the inside than it appeared to be on the outside. When dawn came they packed up their belongings, ready to get started on their way, all feeling more encouraged than they had before their encounter with the Goddess. When they turned away from the shelter, it vanished with no trace left behind. 
Hours into their travel, small peaks and low dips appeared in the near distance and they started to see more trees with thick foliage which none of them expected to see in the Plains of Aras. Even Darius seemed surprised by the change of scenery, he being the only one of them who had crossed through the plains. 
Kai’las trailed behind with Makaelah, who had just come down for a few minutes to rest her wings. His eyes went to the back of Darius. “You have not told him it was your mother who gave the order not to send those soldiers.”
She took a drink from her waterskin. “Lives were lost. Does it matter who gave the order?”
 “Yes.” Kai’las sternly replied. “It does. He needs to know.”
Darius stopped, turning to face them. “What do I need to know?”
Kai’las looked at the Celeyian. Her golden eyes locked with the Warrior’s for a long moment before she finally said, “Nothing.” Darius’ jaw tensed but he turned and began walking once again. Makaelah stared at the Fae. “It matters not.” She whispered and followed behind.
“It does.” Kai’las mumbled to himself. He sighed deeply and shook his head. He needed to do something, for their emotions were storming, weighing him down. Hearing something very faint off in the distance, Kai’las cocked his head to the side, listening. “Wait.” He called out. His companions halted, stepping the few paces back towards him. 
“What now?” Shadowhawk grumbled.
“Drums.” Kai’las replied, startling the others for they heard nothing and as far as their eyes could see, nothing was up ahead. “It does not surprise me that none of you can hear them but trust me… if we continue on in this direction, we will run into whomever it is those drums belong to.”
Darius sighed. “Suggestions?” Makaelah peered around thoughtfully and then up at the sky, her actions causing him to shake his head. “Do you think it wise? The Arans clans are expert bowmen.”
“It must have slipped your mind that I am as well.” Makaelah said, appearing insulted. “And I see no other option.”
“So be it.” Darius said, not liking the idea but seeing no other option as well. Brushing a hand through his hair, he scanned in each direction. “While you do that, we will change our course just slightly to the east and continue on. Try not to stay away for long.” 
“Careful Makaelah.” Kai’las spoke the words Darius would not say.
She smiled. “Come now. I have not lived through over a millennia just to die at the hands of some savage.”
“I know.” The Fae gave a wry grin. “I just want to be sure you live for at least a few more.”
“I plan to.” She answered and shot into the sky, her bow of light appearing in her hands in the next instant.
“If only there were more trees for cover.” Shadowhawk stated as she and her other three companions started walking east.
“Best to wait and see what Makaelah finds first.” Darius remarked, knowing the Elf had a thought to set out and do some scouting. It concerned him though, for he had a feeling the Celeyian would find something, but his gut told him they were not going to like what it was.
They had traveled on for another hour when thick dark clouds rapidly spread across the sky. “Looks like rain, my friends.” Kai’las said, looking up at the darkening skies.
Darius’ body tensed as distant lightening and thunderclaps sounded off. “Aye.” His gaze shifted off to the east where something in the dark sky caught his eye. He breathed a sigh of relief once he realized it was the Seraph finally returning. Knowing Kai’las had to have seen her approach before he had, he glanced at the Fae, who gave him a nod.
She dropped down rapidly in front of them, her wings folding back the instant she touched ground. Makaelah was soaked from head to toe with a two-inch gash on her forehead, which Kai’las immediately approached to inspect. “What happened?” 
“I was caught in a storm.”
“I see that.” The Fae raised a brow. “But I was speaking of this.” He motioned to the cut that was dripping a fair amount of shimmering pale blue liquid down the side of her head. Kai’las began dabbing at her cut with the piece of cloth that was suddenly in his hand.
“There is a village of one of the Arans clans just to the west. As I flew closer, I began hearing the drums you spoke of.”
“Lucky the arrow only grazed you.” Darius stated, pausing in thought. “Could you tell which clan it was?”
“They looked the same as the ones we fought before.” The clouds opened up and rain began pouring down on them. “They wore very little armor. The men were bare chested and wore leather breeches. And from what I could see besides the bow and arrow, they wielded swords. Long and curved.”
Darius nodded his head. “Yes, I would say it is more of the Brazen Horde.”
“Perhaps some of them followed us.” Xilton stated.
“That is not possible.” Kai’las voiced. “I would have known.”
Xilton worried down on her lower lip, swallowing hard. “If at all possible, it would be best to avoid a confrontation.”
“I plan to.” The Warrior grumbled, then added, “if possible.”
“Also, I found something else.” Makaelah voiced. “Though I could scarcely believe it was real until I landed beside it to be certain.”
The corner of Kai’las’ mouth tipped up. He loved seeing the Seraph so excited. “The suspense is killing me.”
Makaelah returned her friend’s smile. “A ship.”
“A… a ship?” He repeated.
“A ship?” Shadowhawk said as well, though she spoke with disbelief. “We are in the middle of nowhere, how in the name of the Gods could there be a ship out here?”
The Celeyian narrowed her eyes where small flames began sprouting up. “You question my words?”
“Yes, I question your words.” Shadowhawk sneered. “Perhaps you flew too high to see clearly. Or perhaps the cut from the arrow affected your vision. Think of what you are telling us... a ship?”
“I did say that I landed beside it.”
Kai’las stepped between the two of them, turning to the Elf to calmly say, “If Makaelah said there is a ship, then there is a ship. And since it is the only thing we have come across in close to two weeks, I for one think it should not be ignored. Unless you have a better idea, D’ae Feon.” Shadowhawk only growled low and turned away.
“Agreed.” Darius replied. Rubbing the back of his neck, his eyes went to Makaelah. “Will we have trouble reaching it? Any obstacles we should be concerned with?”
“Possibly.” The Seraph said, her eyes returning to normal. She shot a brief glare at Shadowhawk before continuing, “I was struck by the arrow when I came down next to it.”
“So the clan is near it.” Darius mumbled, giving a heavy, disappointed sigh. “Very well, we deal with them.” He turned again to Makaelah and said, “Lead the way.”
Walking over small peaks and valleys where the grassy plains gave way to rocky terrain proved to be somewhat tedious in the rainstorm. It took them close to an hour before the ship finally came into view, less than a mile ahead. The half-Gods paused, taking in the surrounding area.
Kai’las peered at Shadowhawk from the corner of his eyes. “Looks to me like someone owes someone else an apology.”
“Hmph. I owe her nothing.” The Elf grunted and turned away.
“I see no one ahead.” Xilton whispered, her eyes darting all around the area surrounding the vessel.
Darius looked at Kai’las. “And you?”
The Fae’s eyes shot off in the distance, moving in all directions before he shook his head. “Nothing. And I hear no drums, but it does not necessarily mean there is no one there.”
Darius nodded. “Right.” He took a deep breath. “Alright, keep alert.” Staying together, the demigods stepped cautiously through the pelting rain towards the ship. Keeping their eyes out for any movement in the distance.
“Did the Goblins ever completely desert this land after the wars?” Xilton spoke quietly to any of them who would listen.
Darius, having much knowledge of the history of Rystarr was the one who answered. “No. There is one band of Goblins that remain here. But they stay mostly in the east plains. The Goblinoids of the Grinning Skull.” Darius frowned as a thought came to him. “Did you not learn of the Goblins and the Arans clans in your Monastery?”
Xilton took a moment before she replied, blowing out a long breath. “History and events written of the Plains of Aras I have learnt are odd.”
“What do you mean by odd?”
“They are somewhat vague. At least in all the books I have read.” Xilton worried down on her lower lip, her eyes appearing troubled. She shrugged her shoulders. “There is not much history written at all. I have gone as far back as I could. Were you aware that Dagan, the God of Madness was known to frequent this area quite often?”
“Dagan?”
“Of course this was back before he was defeated in battle by Ragnar.”
“Ragnar could not kill him though, right? So, whatever happened to the Mad God? Did he just vanish as the Librarian had said?”
Xilton shook her head. “That is all I have read as well.”
“Hmm.” Darius muttered, his brows furrowed.
After their short conversation, the five of them continued the rest of the way in silence, bringing them closer to the ship in no time. Now that they were nearer to it, they could see the vessel appeared like it had seen much better days, for it was beaten up badly as though it had sailed through a hurricane… or a few hurricanes. It sat tilted to the side with an immense hole directly in its center.
An arrow came from out of the stormy sky, barely missing Xilton. In less than minutes, they were surrounded by about twenty figures, some on horseback, and a mixture of both male and female, all wearing very little armor with spiked shoulder and elbow pads. Each of them were equipped with weapons ranging from bows to spears or long curved swords.
“The Brazen Horde.” Kai’las muttered quietly.
“Aye.” Darius replied, none too happily.
The Fae eyed the clans long curved swords. “Do you think there is any chance of reasoning with them this time around?”
“After what happened the last time…” Darius shook his head. “No bloody chance.”
Kai’las arched a brow. “Very well. Stand ready.” He raised his hands and suddenly, lightning flashed throughout the dark sky. A solid bolt separated into branches and shot directly through three of the horsemen mounted near the back. The rest of the Horde stood frozen in fear as they watched their clan members shake and twitch as the giant sparks of electricity lifted them high into the air, their frightened horses running off to find safety. Kai’las did not stop there, while his companions used the distraction to their advantage and began attacking immediately, the Fae then created seven-foot-tall water elementals. After he was done with that task, Kai’las drew Glimmer, the Blade of Light, calling upon the weapons name and the sword instantly began to glow. He grinned wickedly when two clan members came at him, a mixture of both fury and fear in their eyes.
The moment the lightning struck, Darius unsheathed his enhanced swords and moved into attack, choosing the closest one, a male. He took a slash to his leg as he lunged forward and spun Justifier, opening up a deep gash on his opponent’s chest. Although the strike seemed to do nothing but anger his foe, who launched forward while swinging his curved sword in a horizontal direction. Darius’ eyes glowed white as he blocked it and kicked out as hard as he could, slamming the clan member in the chest, causing him to stumble back several feet. Darius used that moment to launch forward, dipping low and thrusting Silencer directly through the man’s chest. He pressed forward onto the next one with hard punishing blows, swinging his swords to swipe and slice until his foe lay still, bleeding out from over a hundred open wounds.
Two female clan members attacked Xilton at once but with the added strength and speed to her kicks and punches, the Monk was able to keep the upper hand and eliminate one of them in no time, therefore allowing her the opportunity to focus on the one remaining. Using a series of powerful punches, Xilton brought her enemy to her knees and knew it would only take just a few more strikes before she defeated that one as well. When a spear came out of nowhere and struck her in the shoulder, it barely slowed her but when a second one struck her in the side, she knew she was in trouble.
Makaelah witnessed the spears strike Xilton and she moved in quickly, not hesitating as she took down the female who had the Monk on her knees just moments ago. The enemies were treating her the same as the others had, making no move to attack but trying to keep a wide berth. Makaelah still did not understand it and at the moment she did not care, her only concern was keeping them away from Xilton. A male and female came near, ready to throw their spears at the Monk and Makaelah immediately went into a rapid spin, raising her wings as she did so and causing deadly, crushing blows to both of the clan members. The female died instantly from a crushed neck and the male, who received the worst of it, flew through the air with every bone in his body completely demolished.
The enemies were too close for Shadowhawk to wield her bow, so when the Fae’s lightning struck, the distraction gave her the opportunity to switch out her bow for her short sword. After which, the Elf barely had time to think because everything happened so fast and before she knew it, she was fighting alongside two water elementals. As much as Shadowhawk disliked the Fae, she had to give him credit for his quick thinking. She grunted in pain when the male she had been fighting struck her upper arm, though the cut was only minor but she felt the separation as her Spirit Bear, Quar Re, moved from within her and latched his jaws onto the foe that struck her. Shadowhawk spun and slashed her sword across, knowing it sliced through the flesh of another one near her. She kicked out, knocking him back a few feet before driving her blade through his heart and feeling Quar Re rush past her, leaping upon another savage, and tearing his head from his shoulders.
The rain let up to a light drizzle by the time the battle had ended and twenty-three of the Brazen Horde clan lay defeated. Kai’las dismissed his water elementals before both him and Darius turned to find Shadowhawk leaning over Makaelah, who was on the ground with an unconscious Xilton cradled in her arms, the four-foot spears still protruding from her body.
“For the love of the Gods.” Darius muttered, rushing to their side with the Fae following beside him. He looked down at the Monk with sadness. “This poor girl.”
“She lives.” Makaelah said quietly.
“The spears must be removed.” Shadowhawk said, her eyes full of concern. “But we must leave this place at once.”
Makaelah stared over at the ship which sat in the open perhaps fifty paces from them and with her enhanced vision something in the hole of the vessel caught her eye. An illusion the others could not see. “We must get her to the ship.”
“What do you see?” Kai’las asked.
“The ship is a portal.” She replied. “To where, I do not know.”
“The Caves of Jaeron.” Darius mumbled and off in the distance a horn blew, followed by drums. “We need to move. Quickly… someone grab my pack.” Moving quickly, he grabbed ahold of one of the spears, gripping it firmly, he snapped it in two, shortening the length of the spear to just under a foot. Darius repeated his movements with the other spear before bending down and gently lifting the Monk, her weight seeming as though it did not hinder him in the least.
Kai’las picked up both Darius and Xilton’s pack as the four of them rushed to the ship. The ancient vessel was large, approximately ninety to one hundred feet in length, with ivy grown up and over the sides, a sure sign it had been sitting there for an incredibly long time. Kai’las looked through the large opening, unsheathing his sword. “Let me go in first.” He said, then added, “Stay close.”

CHAPTER
19

The Venture was underway soon after the battle with the Goblin-men creatures and the skeleton dragon monstrosity. Due to the encounter, there was most certainly an air of tension spread across the ship, with much whispering amongst the crew members as well as more than a few sideways glances thrown at the immortals here and there. The tension even extended between the comrades themselves.
Questions had been directed at Tarakis regarding his awareness of how to handle the flying beast, with which he responded the same to all, “he made a logical deduction and it turned out to be correct, lucky for them.” Obviously, his explanation did not hold water with his companions but Tarakis did not seem to care one way or the other and would offer no further information.
Nearly four full days later, the ship reached the stage where it was time for the immortals to depart the vessel. They had finally arrived at the fork where the Crystal River and the Vlon River came together. After the unloading of their horses and supplies, Sir Tavannos paid Captain Carona the remainder of their fare and the ship sailed away, becoming quickly obvious to them that the crew was not sorry to part ways with the demigods. 
They stood on the shore for several moments, watching The Venture depart. “Well, now would be a good time to discuss our ultimate destination.” Valen finally said, looking at Airrak.
The Mage stared at him as he realized what the Warrior was getting at before looking at Tavannos as if to say, ‘help me.’
Although, before the Knight could say anything, Valen spoke again. “Do you know where we are going, or not?” His eyes narrowed when the Mage stayed silent, staring at his feet. “You have had a few weeks to figure this out. We are depending on you.”
A few more moments of awkward silence passed before Airrak finally cleared his throat. “I am sorry. I do not know exactly where the portal resides.” Other than Sir Tavannos, the rest of them appeared dumbfounded by his response. As they all exploded with questions, the Mage continued speaking loud enough to be heard over the others. “However, I do know the location of an artifact that will tell us where the portal is!” His words seemed to get their attention, for they all stopped talking at once and stared at him incredulously while Tavannos looked on with a smile. “That is where I have been directing us to since we left Janardan.”
Their eyes volleyed between one another and Valen stammered a touch as he spoke, “Well, that is news I think we all should have known a bit sooner.” Tarakis and Szarzekk both nodded their agreement, though Sir Tavannos appeared indifferent. Seeing that he had the consent of some of his comrades and that Airrak had said nothing in protest to his statement, Valen continued on. “All along our voyage from there…” He pointed in the direction of north, pausing a second for emphasis. “To here…” Valen pointed to the ground at their feet. “We have been following your direction with the understanding that you were leading us to the location of this ‘so-called’ portal!” He rested his hands on his hips as he added, “At least that is what you said.”
It was all Airrak could handle. He peered up at his fellow demigods, seeing that, with the exception of Tavannos, they were all staring at him questioningly and with various degrees of scorn. And even though Szarzekk’s face was covered by a helm, at that point Airrak was almost certain that underneath the helmet he showed the same look as Valen and Tarakis. Only the Knight showed any sympathy or understanding at all in his outward appearance. Although inwardly, he was sure his friend was feeling the same way. 
His companions continued to look at him expectedly, watching as the Mage looked down and slowly shook his head. 
After Airrak had collected his thoughts, he glanced back up at his comrades, speaking more calmly than he felt. “First of all…” The Mage stared directly at Valen. “I never said anything of knowing the location of the portal, much less the location of the weapons, much less the locations of the Gods themselves!” His voice increased in volume, progressively louder as he spoke until he was nearly yelling in the end. “What I said was, with a little luck and time to research it properly, I might… might be able to find a way to locate a said portal and thus a way to find the weapon!” He let out a long sigh, taking a couple of deep breaths and letting his frustration drain away. Airrak glanced at his friends once again, seeing that their expressions had softened some, although they all still stared at him expectedly. “This I did.” Airrak simply said, then after a moment or two of thought, he added, “At least that is what I believe.” 
While the Mage had been speaking, Sir Tavannos, who obviously believed and trusted his longtime friend, brought both his and Airrak’s horses around and placed the reins into the Mage’s hand.
Accepting the reins, Airrak smiled at the Knight and glanced at the others before mounting his horse. “Now, if you can all trust me.” His eyes drifted from one to the other, ending his gaze on Valen. “As I have come to trust all of you.” He stared down at his horse, giving it a quick pat on its neck. “I will lead us to the location where I believe we will get the answers we seek.” Airrak continued looking at the three of them a few moments longer before realizing that Sir Tavannos had climbed onto his horse and was waiting next to him. He gave the Knight a slight nod before the both of them headed off towards the southwest.
Valen and Szarzekk silently watched them depart for several long moments and eventually mounted their horses, seeing that Tarakis had already sat on his magical mount. The three of them appeared thoughtful.
“Well, unless someone has a better idea…” Tarakis started to speak after a time. “I suggest we follow the Mage.”
“I do not see that we have much of a choice.” Szarzekk said.
Tarakis noticed Valen shifting in his saddle, hesitating. He let another few moments of silence pass between them before he began losing patience. “Look! Either we follow the Mage…” Tarakis gestured towards the direction where Airrak and Sir Tavannos departed, their figures getting smaller and further away by the second. “Or one of two geniuses comes up with another plan!” Both Valen and Szarzekk only remained silent. The Rogue scoffed and threw his hands up. “No? Nothing? Alright then, let us go!” He turned, directing his mount to follow the other two.
“If you have a better idea, now is the time.” Szarzekk voiced as they watched the Rogue ride away.
Valen’s gaze appeared serious when he looked upon his comrade, though it softened after a few moments. “You know, just once I would like to know what is going on with that face of yours underneath the helmet.” When Szarzekk only stared back, he let out a slight chuckle. The Undead Warrior angled his head in a way which might have indicated amusement from his statement. Valen straightened in his saddle and said, “By the Gods!” Turning his horse to follow the others, he added, “Let us follow the crazy Mage!” Szarzekk gave him a slight nod as they both trotted off to catch up with the others.
“I do not believe you really wish to know what is going on under my helmet.” The Undead Warrior said several minutes later, earning a questioning look from his comrade. “It would only cause you alarm.” Valen frowned in confusion before turning away. Szarzekk, seeing that he no longer had his friend’s attention, added while muttering to himself, “And make our friendship difficult.”
While they rode to catch up, Szarzekk thought a great deal regarding those he currently called comrades. Was it truly friendship he was feeling towards them or just the comradeship that came naturally amongst those you endured the same situations with? He had been in many harrowing circumstances before, in the service of his Queen, but what he felt appeared to be different. These other four, the proud noble Warrior, the obnoxious streetwise Rogue, the overbearingly chivalric Knight and the know it all Mage, they all certainly came from a different region then he had, but regardless, they had all ended up in the same place. Despite coming from such different backgrounds as well as different positions in life, each answered the call and agreed to undertake the ridiculous quest they were on. Szarzekk, of course, was doing it because his Queen had asked it of him, or was he? Certainly, originally, that was the reason he had agreed to pursue their goal, however, after spending the past time with these others, he had seemed to acquire admiration, even fondness for them. It was definitely something which was not supposed to happen amongst his kind. At least, that is what he was originally taught when he was reborn into his undeath. 
Noticing that he and Valen had already caught up with Tarakis and were closing in on Sir Tavannos and the Mage, Szarzekk shook his head to clear his thoughts, refocusing on the task at hand. Soon after, they reached the Knight and Airrak, who had halted their horses to wait for them once they realized they were following behind.
Now that they were once again all back together, a cloud of uneasiness hung over them, Szarzekk sensing several emotions emitting from each of them. “I think we are all in agreement that you have the best chance of finding our destination.”
“That was directed at you.” Tarakis added, nodding at the Mage. “In case you could not determine that.”
While they sat on their mounts in silence, Airrak gave the Rogue a piercing glance. A moment later, Tavannos let out a slight chuckle, laying a hand on the Mage’s shoulder and inducing Airrak to relax.
Szarzekk cleared his throat, at least that was what the others thought he was trying to do and peered over at Valen.
“Yes, we are in agreement.” Valen said, shifting uncomfortably in his saddle. “We will follow you to this… uh, location and if the Gods, our forebears in particular, intend for us to receive our answers, then I am certain we will.”
It was as close to an apology for doubting him as Airrak was going to get and he realized it. With his head held high he took a moment before giving Valen a curt nod in acknowledgement. 
“Now that was not so hard, was it?” Tarakis said to no one in particular, though they all peered at him with various different looks, which he seemed to relish. When he felt as if they had stared at him for long enough, the Rogue gestured with his hand, addressing the Mage, “Shall we go?”
“Yes, let us go.” Sir Tavannos agreed. “It is time.”
The Mage nodded. “Very well.”
Just as they turned their horses to set off, the immortals gave a start when they heard a wisping sound somewhere off to their right, fairly close to where they stood. The first was then followed by several more until the very air was filled with numerous whooshes and wisps. They could see a rather large number of arrows hitting the ground close by, though evidently whomever had shot the arrows was not the greatest of marksman as none had come within ten paces of striking any of them. 
Getting their startled mounts under control, the demigods scanned around, trying to determine where the arrows had come from. Airrak dismounted from his horse, having already settled on the general direction. The Mage first took a moment in thought, and knowing what spell was required, he orientated himself, gazing out in the right direction he began his preparations that would bring the spell into fruition.
 Airrak began moving his hands in the required pattern, becoming ready to unleash his power. “Magnus Scutum! Magnus Scutum!” He shouted while pointing his hands upward, his fingers spread and thumbs touching. Instantly, a translucent field appeared over the immortals, forming a dome that covered them completely from the ground up, twenty feet in height.
It was then the next volley of arrows could be heard, whooshing in. Most of the arrows hit the magical dome which now surrounded them all, bouncing harmlessly off with a loud tink. Some had gotten through but considering the lack of skill of whomever the bowmen were, the arrows landed harmlessly a few feet away from them.
“Impressive.” Tarakis said while the others looked at Airrak appreciatingly.
“Yes.” Valen added. “Very impressive, but where did they come from?”
While the companions glanced at one another, wondering the same, Szarzekk peered off into the southwest, seeing the answer to Valen’s question. “I believe I can answer that.” He gestured with his hand. “Goblins, many of them.”
“Goblins?” Tarakis asked. “That is just great!” Drawing both of his weapons, he added, “Scum of the world, that is what they are!”
As Sir Tavannos and Valen both unsheathed their weapons, Airrak regarded the dome. “My shield will hold for a while but not indefinitely. And it will do nothing to stop them from approaching us. It will only stop their missiles which fly.”
Valen, who had returned to his leadership role despite what had occurred earlier amongst them, considered Szarzekk whose eyesight seemed clearly superior compared to the rest of them. “What exactly do you see?”
The Undead Warrior kept his eyes locked towards the southwest. “There are two groups. The first has at least thirty to forty of the creatures. They are the bow armed ones.”
“I am pretty certain we can take on forty Goblins without too much trouble.” Sir Tavannos said.
“It is not the first group which concerns me.” Szarzekk stated, earning each of their attention as they waited for him to finish his comment. He turned his gaze on them. “It is the second group.”
“Yes?” Tarakis said impatiently with a gesture of his hand. “The second group?” The Undead Warrior stared at him and the Rogue glanced at Valen as if to say, ‘please help me out here’.
“Szarzekk!” Valen exclaimed, earning his attention. “What do you see in the second group?”
When Szarzekk took his time to answer, Tarakis muttered under his breath, “Anytime now.”
“The second group, from what I could tell, seems to be about eighteen or so of the man-type Goblins we faced on the ship a few days ago.” He finally said.
The others appeared to take the news with little enthusiasm. The man-Goblins were not exactly the most dangerous of foes they had ever faced but they certainly were not pushovers either, nowhere near as weak as normal Goblins.
“How far behind this first group are they?” Valen asked.
Szarzekk, who still appeared a little concerned, hesitated with his answer. “Perhaps a half a mile, though coming fast.”
“So, we will have a short while to deal with the Goblins before they arrive.” Sir Tavannos voiced. He appeared to be growing in confidence since learning that their foes were Goblins, even Goblin-men. Valen and Tarakis both grinned at the Knight’s comment and even Airrak himself had seemed to grow in confidence.
Szarzekk did not understand how his comrades could take the matter so lightly. I should probably tell them of the others, he thought to himself. Although in another few minutes they will be able to see for themselves, he added as an afterthought. He glanced back at the two groups of enemies before turning back to his companions, who were talking amongst themselves, formulating a plan. “They are not even looking. I should tell them.” He mumbled. Moving his horse to a position where he could be heard by all his friends, Szarzekk spoke louder than was his usual, “But it is not just the Goblins!” His statement indeed earned their attention, for he found they were all staring at him, waiting.
Valen cleared his throat. “Not just the Goblins?”
The Undead Warrior nodded the affirmative. “Not even just the man-Goblins either.”
Sir Tavannos and Airrak sat with their mouths open while Tarakis shook his head slightly and peered at Valen, who had his eyes on Szarzekk with visible disbelief.
Valen composed himself after a few moments. “If it is not just the Goblins nor the Goblin-men, then who else is it?”
Very calmly, as if he were speaking about the days weather, the Undead Warrior gave Valen a level look. “There are two figures, dressed all in black and riding horses amongst the second group.”
“Yes?” Valen calmly said. “Go on.”
Szarzekk’s eyes went briefly to the others before turning back to Valen. “Yes. That is correct. If I had to make an assumption, I would say that they are leading the Goblins and the man-Goblins.”
Inside, Valen was fuming after hearing his answer, though he kept his composure. “Yes.” He calmly replied. “That would be my assumption as well.” Most certainly flabbergasted by how Szarzekk had failed to prioritize what was probably the greatest threat to them, Valen turned to his other companions and began making plans to deal with the main threat.
Tarakis moved his mount over to stand beside Szarzekk’s. The Undead Warrior appeared confused by the sudden flurry of activity from the others. “You know…” The Rogue whispered, leaning into to him. “I thought I had a lot to learn about humans and their emotions.” He nodded in the direction of their companions. “But it turns out… I guess I know more than I thought I did.” He started to move to join Valen and the others, though could not help but add, “Nice going, Warrior.”
Szarzekk took a moment to think over what Tarakis had said, though there certainly were more important things at hand. He did not truly understand exactly what the Rogue was speaking of, so he moved to join his companions to plan the coming fight.
The half-Gods dismounted their horses, for if a battle was coming they all preferred to fight it on foot. They spread out underneath the Mage’s shield with Valen, Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos staying out in front while Airrak was centered behind them and Tarakis near the Mage. Of course the others knew that when the battle began, the Rogue would vanish into whatever shadows he could find, looking for opportunities to surprise their enemies with devastating results, as he had done so many times before.
The Goblins approached, unleashing one last volley from their short bows, though as before, the arrows that did not break bounced harmlessly off the invisible shield. It only seemed to infuriate the hideous creatures even more so, who let out furious howls before charging the remaining hundred paces or so separating them from the demigods. Even though they were only between three and four feet tall, the red-skinned Goblins were vicious, especially in larger numbers. Each of the beasts were armored in worn leather with bits of metal here and there, carrying short bows as well as an assortment of wooden shields and crude short swords, axes, and spears.
The three warriors up front met the charging Goblins first, although prior to reaching them, the creatures had already been on the receiving end of several of Airrak’s spells, destructive spheres of fire. The results of which were so effective that by the time they reached the warriors, the Goblins had been reduced in number by eighteen or so. Those that remained continued to charge, though a little less enthusiastically. Many of the Goblins glanced to their rear, off in the direction of the second group, as if they were more fearful of those behind them than they were of the immortals in front.
As the melee up front swirled with broken and bloodied bodies of Goblins, pieces flew all around Valen, Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos, for each slayed the humanoids in droves. Those few that broke through their line were met by Airrak who used his more minor spells to deal with the creatures individually. The fight had not been under way for long when Tarakis suddenly appeared behind the Goblins, backstabbing the red-skinned beasts at his leisure. Although he was totally immersed in the fight, Valen could not help but wonder where exactly the Rogue had come in from and how he managed to disappear and just reappear at will, wherever he desired. 
The appearance of the Rogue, seemingly out of thin air, directly behind them was the last straw for the Goblins, what few remained alive. They turned to flee, though they were unsuccessful and after just another short while all of the creatures lay dead, the entire battle taking all of about five minutes. The demigods glanced at one another, scanning to make certain each was alright.
“Anyone hurt?” Valen asked as he checked himself for wounds. When no one responded, he turned and looked at Airrak, who simply shook his head, indicating a ‘no’. “Great job, my friends.” He added as he stooped down to wipe the blood from his sword on one of the dead Goblins.
“Well, of course.” Tarakis expressed. “But then again, they were only Goblins.” Tavannos and Airrak both eyed the Rogue questioningly.
“He is right.” Valen voiced while he peered off toward the other group that approached, now a little less than half a mile away. “Now we have to deal with the real threat.” He indicated with his head. “I suggest you all prepare yourselves, we do not have long.”
“My suggestion is we move slightly, away from all these bodies.” Szarzekk said, wiping off his weapons. “The footing here could prove treacherous.”
The others appeared in agreement as they grabbed their horses and walked them further to their rear, a hundred paces away from where the first battle had taken place. This action would leave all the Goblin bodies in-between them and the second group.
Valen scanned around at where they currently stood. The ground sloped somewhat which meant their foes would be fighting slightly uphill, hopefully giving the demigods a small advantage. “This ground should do nicely.” He said, satisfied. 
“Yes.” Szarzekk agreed with a nod. “That should give us an advantage.”
“However small it will be.” Tarakis added.
Sir Tavannos opened his mouth to voice his objection at the Rogue’s negative comment but Valen raised his hand. “No. He is right. This is going to be a much tougher fight than the last one.” His gaze met each of theirs. “It is not only the Goblin-men, they do not concern me too much.” Valen glanced across the field at those who approached, getting closer by the minute. He inclined his head. “Those two out in front are what concerns me. They are obviously not Goblins of any type.” His comrades followed his gaze, all staring at the two mounted figures in black.
“Yes, I wonder very much who they are.” Sir Tavannos said.
Valen thought briefly. “I cannot be certain but I believe I have seen them before.” His statement caught his companions by surprise.
“Where?” Airrak asked.
“And when?” Added The Knight.
Even Szarzekk appeared incredibly curious by the Warrior’s statement. Only Tarakis remained indifferent, unspeaking of a single word. The Rogue was fairly certain he knew where Valen had laid eyes on the two before, for he had seen at least one of them himself just recently during their journey south.
“It was in the town of Evermoor.” Valen said, replying to both of their questions. He gestured at the Knight and Szarzekk. “At the tavern where you encountered me. I cannot be a hundred percent sure but seated at a table were a few individuals dressed all in black. They seemed unusually interested in what I was doing.”
Sir Tavannos and Szarzekk only shook their heads, as neither one of them could recall anyone of the like from the tavern. Then again, the two of them were not there for very long and both more interested in what was occurring with their comrade at the time. Not to mention, the Knight had still been recovering from their shocking encounter at Madame Gisele’s, which his other companions knew nothing of.
Airrak was thoughtful for a moment before he shook his head. “The chances that these are the same people you saw at the tavern are extremely slim. I mean… black is not exactly a rare color worn.”
Valen half agreed with him as well but there was something nagging at him regarding the entire matter. He gazed more closely at those getting nearer, trying to focus on the dark figure to the right. He searched for anything which would help spark his memory when it finally came to him. “That is it!” He exclaimed. “One of those from the tavern was a woman. A woman with the blackest of hair and fairest of skin I have ever seen.” Valen pointed to the figure on the right. “That is the woman!”
His comrades peered across the field and back at Valen incredulously. 
“Yes, but…” Airrak started to speak. “How can you be certain it is the same woman?”
Although they could not see it through his helmet, Valen smiled. “Take a closer look at that person and tell me that is not the blackest of hair you have ever seen flowing out from under that hood.”
Szarzekk, Airrak and Sir Tavannos all glanced out once again, taking a much closer look. Although Szarzekk, with his undead sight, saw it much clearer especially now that Valen had brought it to their attention. “It is most definitely black.” The Undead Warrior voiced. “The blackest of hair. And that is absolutely a female.”
“Alright, we agree.” Airrak said, pausing a moment before continuing. “And you say that you saw a person which looked very similar back in Evermoor, so it is possible they are the same person.” Valen appeared relieved, though before he could say anything, Airrak added, “But the real question is, regardless of whether you have seen them before or not, who are they and what do they want with us?”
Sir Tavannos cleared his throat. “And we do not have much time to figure this out, if we hope to avoid a fight with them.” His comment caught the others by surprise, even Airrak stared at his friend in confusion.
“You do not honestly believe you can convince them to call off their attack? Do you?” Tarakis asked. “They have already aptly displayed their desire for our demise.”
The Knight nodded, having admitted to himself there was little chance of a peaceful end. “So, what do we do?”
“We prepare to defend ourselves.” Valen answered, matter of factly. “And perhaps the opportunity to take one of them alive will present itself.”
Szarzekk and Airrak appeared to agree with him and even Tavannos after a moment relented, adding his agreement. Tarakis was the only one who did not voice an opinion one way or another, for he did not look forward to a fight with the woman. Yes, he had run into her before when she had threatened to have him killed. Although since that encounter, he had stumbled upon her another time when she had even offered him assistance. Tarakis had not spoken of it to any of his comrades, for he was not certain of how they would respond. The woman’s name was Alenia and she used the surname of Soulreaper, not exactly a name which inspired good feelings about a person. But there was something about her, he could sense it, her heart was unsure as were her loyalties. He was certain that if those she outwardly served were to discover the aid she had given him, and by extension, his companions, they would eliminate her. Probably in a most horrendous way. 
Another reason Tarakis had not spoken anything of it was the fact that he was not sure how his comrades would react to not only her but to him as well. So, he had kept it all to himself, up until now and, although he hesitated, he again decided to not speak of it. Now was just not the best time, although he had to do something. He could not stand by and watch his friends do harm to her, not after what she had risked for them and he certainly could not participate. Tarakis thought quickly, coming up with a plan. He glanced around at his comrades who were busy preparing themselves for the upcoming fight.
“Tarakis!” Valen yelled, though it did not appear to get the Rogue’s attention. “Tarakis!” He shouted louder, bringing him back to reality.
“Alright, alright.” He muttered. “What is it?”
Valen gave him an irritated look. “If it is not too much trouble would you mind taking the horses up to the top of the hill behind us?”
“Sure thing, I can do that.” Tarakis replied somewhat mockingly. 
Valen ignored the sarcasm, as he was clearly dwelling on the upcoming battle. “From there you should have a good vantage point of the fight.” He said to the Rogue as he walked the horses up the hill. Tarakis turned and stared at the Warrior questioningly. “So… do your thing. Go where you are needed.”
Tarakis understood perfectly what Valen was saying. He nodded in understanding before the Warrior went back to his preparations. There is my chance, the Rogue thought to himself as he considered how he was going to get across the battlefield unseen by anyone, then providing he did, how was he going to obtain her attention and get her away?
From where he stood on the top of the hill Tarakis could see the approaching enemies clearly. He quickly ducked behind a nearby stand of shrubberies that dotted the entire hill he was on. From there he watched their foes getting closer. They would be upon his comrades below within a couple of minutes. He shot a glance to where they waited at the base of the hill, seeing that they were positioned as was their usual when they awaited contact with foes. Valen was in the middle, slightly in front of Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos, who each flanked him. The Undead Warrior on his left and the Knight on his right. Airrak stood behind the three of them, apparently deep in thought. “Probably already preparing some nasty surprise for them.” Tarakis mumbled to himself.
As he looked at his… friends he could not help but feel a sense of admiration for them. They had been through so much together in so short a time and the very near future almost assuredly guaranteed that there would be more to come. He shook his head as if to clear his thoughts. “Focus, Tarakis.” He said to himself. 
He peered back at the closing group, noticing that the two on horseback had fallen in behind the Goblin-men, one of which was Alenia. They stopped their horses about one hundred to one hundred and fifty paces away from the immortals while the creatures continued to close in on them. “Aha, there is my chance.” He decided in that instance, if he was going to have any possible way of contacting Alenia and sparing her from the coming fight, he had to move then. Tarakis immediately fell into the shadows, moving quickly from tree to tree while using the brush as cover. He made his way to where Alenia and the other dark cloaked figure sat mounted atop their horses and waited.
About the same time that Tarakis made his move, the Goblin-men let out a ferocious battle cry and began charging the other demigods. The creatures were armored in a combination of leather and plate, carrying a wicked looking assortment of polearms as well as the typical swords and axes.
“That is it!” Valen yelled. “They are charging!”
“Well, at least they do not appear to have bows.” Sir Tavannos muttered, knowing that the normal Goblins who were more easily dealt with carried the missile weapons.
“Prepare yourselves!” Valen commanded, though it was basically an unnecessary order, as the others were clearly ready for the coming fight.
Szarzekk was obviously gearing himself up to a serious fit of rage, for Valen could see him writhing about as he randomly swung his two great weapons around.
Tavannos watched the approaching enemies with a bit of trepidation. “This is going to be a tough fight.”
Valen eyed him. “Are you suggesting we look to retreat?”
Sir Tavannos shot him a look. “Of course not.” He said, smiling to himself. “I would not miss it for the world.”
Valen could not help but smile under his helmet. He gave a nod. “Nor would I.” Tavannos returned his nod before the both of them turned their attention back to their foes.
The creatures were thirty yards away when Airrak unleashed his first spell. The others heard him exclaim his words of magic and within a split second of when he finished, a great flaming ball flew over their heads, shooting directly at the center of the approaching creatures. Valen and Sir Tavannos had both witnessed Airrak use that particular spell several times, however, the size of the flaming ball that flew over them in that instance was at least three times larger than any they had ever seen the Mage produce before. The two warriors glanced at one another, the Knight giving a shrug of his shoulders before they both turned their attention back to their enemies. 
The fireball flew with a loud ‘whoosh!’ right into the middle of the advancing creatures. It exploded with a mighty blast of fire and concussion, incinerating five of the Goblin-men in an instant. The remaining fifteen or so of the creatures hardly seemed phased by the explosion that killed five of their group. They kept continuing on with blood lust in their eyes. 
Airrak began chanting the words that would bring another spell of ruin upon the creatures when a moment later, he found himself unable to move a muscle. His words of magic were cut off in the middle of his preparation as he found himself solid as a statue.
Sir Tavannos noticed that Airrak did not complete his words of conjuration, for he had heard them so many times in the past. He turned to venture a look at his friend, witnessing him standing completely stationary as if he were frozen. “He is bewitched!” The Knight yelled. “Someone has put a spell on him!”
Szarzekk was lost in his battle rage and did not hear a word Tavannos had said. Valen, however, had heard and shot a glance at the Mage. “I guess we handle this our way.” He said. “He will be alright.” Sir Tavannos stared at him questioningly, so Valen added, “As long as we are victorious.”
Moments later, the Goblin-men were upon them. Valen let out a battle cry, Sir Tavannos giving a knights salute to his enemies. Two of the creatures were upon the Warrior, swinging their weapons with much force, though he easily parried both attacks. He responded, swinging his great sword with both hands, catching one of his foes with a blow that nearly cleaved it in two. Valen jumped to his right, deftly avoiding another attack from the other creature, and brought his sword back over his head and directly down on the Goblin-man’s head. The blade went right through the creature’s helmet as well as its head, splitting it in two. Valen looked to his right, seeing that Sir Tavannos had dealt with the two that had been on him as well, both bodies were on the ground in various states of carnage. Neither of them had time to celebrate as almost immediately there were more creatures on both of them. The battle was loud and difficult to hear much of anything, although Valen did hear Szarzekk screaming and yelling in his rage. The Undead Warrior had advanced ten to fifteen paces ahead of him and the Knight, leaving two of the man-Goblins behind him, either dead or dying. He still faced off with a few of the creatures but he swung his sword and axe like a madman and so far, was holding his foes at bay.
A short while after the battle began, whichever spell that was affecting Airrak had either broken or wore off. Regardless of which, he found himself able to move and speak once again. He quickly surveyed the situation and saw that Valen and Sir Tavannos were heatedly involved with two of the creatures each, both having already dispatched two of the Goblin-men. He then looked at Szarzekk and was amazed by what he saw. The Undead Warrior was in an incredible state of rage as he swirled and spun, moving from side to side in a blur. He faced off against three of the creatures, who seemed to be completely taken aback by Szarzekk’s movements. As a matter of fact, the Mage thought that he had never seen the warrior perform like he was. Airrak could barely focus on him, for he moved so quickly.
The Mage decided he could be of most use focusing on the enemies facing off against Valen and Sir Tavannos. He concentrated on the creature to the Knight’s right as he began his conjuring. Within minutes, he unleashed his spell by uttering the ancient language of the Gods. “Timor! Timor!” He exclaimed as he pointed his right index finger at the Goblin-man. The creature suddenly took a step back, started shaking and dropped its weapon. Putting its hands to its head, the creature let out an unintelligible scream. The Goblin-man turned and ran from the battle, screaming the entire way. 
The creature’s actions took the other Goblin-man by surprise, distracting it from the fight with Tavannos. The Knight, seeing an advantage present itself, finished the creature off with a strong thrust of his sword into the man-Goblin’s midsection, causing it to drop dead without uttering a sound. Sir Tavannos peered over his shoulder to where, Airrak stood and gave him a quick salute. “Glad to have you back, my friend!” He yelled. He then looked to his other two comrades, noticing that Valen had taken care of the ones he fought. Szarzekk also had dealt with his foes, all three were down. At least the Knight thought it had been three, though it was hard to tell, for there were so many bits and pieces of bodies around the Undead Warrior that he could not tell for certain how many enemies had fallen there. Szarzekk was down on one knee but Sir Tavannos knew he was not wounded, as they had all seen it before. The aftermath of working himself up into a raging fit always took it out on him after the fight was over and he was clearly recovering. Being undead, he recovered faster than most. A mortal would take hours to get their strength back where he only required a few minutes.
Valen glanced from comrade to comrade, making certain they were all well. Satisfied that they were uninjured, he then looked to the top of the hill where he had sent Tarakis with the horses. Their mounts stood there, staked to the ground but there was no sign of the Rogue. Valen did not really expect to see him there, as he had told him to go where he was needed in the fight, but he had expected to see him show up during the battle, however, he had not. “Where in the name of Faustus did that Rogue go?” He yelled, looking around.
“No sign of him.” Sir Tavannos replied first.
Valen let out a sigh. “I swear, when I get my hands on him, I am going to…” His voice trailed off as suddenly he remembered. “The leaders!” He exclaimed as his head shot in the direction they had last seen the cloaked figures.
It was Airrak who spoke up first, appearing to be what his comrades were also thinking. “What would possess him to take on the leaders by himself?” Valen and Tavannos glanced at one another, obviously expecting the worst. “I do hope he is alright.”


CHAPTER
20

As they stepped cautiously inside, the ship appeared to warp and stretch, their steps becoming many. It was awhile before they finally saw light coming from up ahead which seem to grow more intense the closer they got. Once the companions reached it, they stepped through, seeing deep green land stretching for miles underneath a lavender sky. Crimson red trees thick with foliage decorated the surrounding land and rolling mountains were scattered throughout the distance.
“What is this?” Shadowhawk voiced, staring in wonder. Wherever they were, she was most certain they were no longer on Rystarr.
Darius shook his head. “Let us worry about it later. Right now Xilton needs us.” He laid the Monk down gently. “Her pulse is weak.”
They worked together. Kai’las used his powers first to carefully remove the deadly spears and Darius cleaned the wounds, using the waterskin that Shadowhawk had handed him. Makaelah then moved in, pulling two blue feathers from her wings, and placing each of the tips directly into the wounds. Within seconds, the feathers turned into an icy blue vapor, the wounds closing. Xilton remained unconscious the entire time but her breathing became steady.
“I thank the Gods those spear tips were not dipped in poison.” Makaelah voiced. 
“Aye. Other Arans clans are known for doing just that.” Darius replied. “Do you think she would not have survived it?”
She took a moment to respond. “There is always that chance, but still I think she would have, though it might have taken her more time to recover.”
He glanced at her wings as a thought came to him. “Do the feathers grow back? The blue ones?”
Makaelah gave a nod. “Within a day or two.” 
Darius’ eyes stayed locked with hers a few moments before he muttered, “Good.” He gazed down at Xilton who laid unconscious. “Why is she so fragile? She is half-God.”
“She is young still.” Makaelah replied.
Kai’las inclined his head in agreement. “As she grows, so will her strength. Once she comes into her powers, she will become invincible.” He nodded towards the Elf and added, “As will D’ae Feon.”
“Should she not be awake?” Shadowhawk asked. “You healed her.”
Makaelah smiled faintly. “This ability works differently for each circumstance as well as each individual. The one spear pierced her almost straight through. It may just take Xilton some time.”
Darius nodded. “She will be fine.” He turned, finally taking a moment to look around for the first time since entering the strange land. The countryside went on for miles upon miles and enormous mountains were set far in the distance. “My gut tells me the caves are here... somewhere.”
“Agreed. Though they could take another week to find... or two.” Kai’las replied. Frowning, he spread his arms, palms toward the ground. “Something is amiss.”
Makaelah looked over with concern. “What is wrong?”
Kai’las faced her with brilliant green iridescent eyes. “You do not feel it? The energy is off here. I felt it when I was pulling those spears from Xilton.” While he spoke, Kai’las’ eyes switched to their cloudy pale color for a split second before brightening to iridescent once again.
Makaelah exchanged concerned glances with Darius and Shadowhawk. She stepped next to Kai’las, touching him lightly on the arm. “Has something angered you, Kai’las?”
He narrowed his eyes, causing an alarming look. “Not at all.” He moved away from them, stepping lightly. “My powers... They are not gone. Just... different.” He turned to the Seraph. “And you?”
Makaelah shrugged, shaking her head. “I feel no different.”
“Interesting.” Kai’las folded his arms, rubbing his chin in thought. “Tell me... what do I look like? Do I appear any different?”
Darius sighed deeply. “Your eyes? Bright green and the colors of a prism, as if you were angry.”
“And?”
“And what?”
“Nothing else? No other differences?”
Darius inclined his head. “Is that not enough?”
Kai’las grinned. “Of course.” He said, although he had been wondering if his glamour was lifting and his companions were seeing more of his true form. Kai’las was relieved it was not the case. Or perhaps that is the case, he thought.
“Will there be any consequences to this?” Shadowhawk asked, stepping forward.
Kai’las raised a brow. “I suppose we will find out.” He laughed. “At least I am skilled with the sword, though at the moment there does not appear to be any lifeforms here.” He was more concerned than he led them to believe. He could only pray things would be set right again once they left the unusual ground they stepped onto.
“Just because you see nothing or no one, does not necessarily mean we are alone.” Shadowhawk stated dryly.
Kai’las grinned wickedly. “Why, D’ae Feon, if anyone had ever said you were not intelligent, they were a fool. I knew there was a brilliant mind floating around in there somewhere.”
“Hmph.”
“I will take a view from above.” Makaelah remarked, ignoring their conversation as she gazed up at the lavender sky. “Perhaps I can locate these Caves of Jaeron.” Darius stared at her with what she thought was a look of concern but it was gone the next instant. Calling forth her bow of light, she prepared to leave them.
The Warrior cleared his throat. “I should not have to warn you to be on guard.”
“And that is his way of saying to be careful.” Kai’las said with a wink of an iridescent eye.
“Yes, I will.” Makaelah responded, shooting into the air.

‡

Lorimier and Skalanis followed the demigods for the entire day, watching their every move and even witnessing their impressive battle with the Brazen Horde clan. It was the reason they were so surprised when they suddenly lost sight of them. The two turned away for mere seconds, having a minor argument when the half-Gods disappeared. 
“How can five people simply vanish?” Skalanis mumbled.
“They are around somewhere.” The Elf calmly said. “We will find them. Just use your magic.”
Using a spell of invisibility, the two searched the entire area, finding nothing but footprints which ended abruptly. The land in the West Plains of Aras was completely open for miles upon miles, so they had no explanation for the strange occurrence.
Skalanis angrily threw his pack to the ground, dropping down beside it. “Bloody immortals.”
“Calm yourself.” Lorimier sneered as he crossed his arms. “You are not dimwitted. As I said, use your magic.”
The Mage sighed and breathed deeply. He opened his pack, taking out an ornate silver bowl and a large pouch. Setting the bowl down on the ground in front of him, Skalanis picked up the pouch, removed the stopper and emptied the contents of a shimmery liquid into the bowl. He gazed into the liquid while mumbling quietly, “Ostindo, Resuro, Indeco,” trying several attempts before finally giving up. “Impossible!” The Mage stated while furiously swiping the bowl with the back of his hand, tipping it over and spilling its contents.
Lorimier sat, crossing his legs before him. “What have you found?”
“Nothing.” Skalanis stared at him with a look of dread. “They are nowhere.”
The Elf grinned. “Impressive.”
“What are you smiling about?” The Mage grunted. “Tark-volmar is going to skin me alive.”
“Yes, he probably will.”

‡

An unconscious Xilton laid near while the three of them awaited Makaelah’s return. The Seraph had already been gone from them for a couple of hours and they worried over how much daylight remained in the unusual land, for the sky was slowly becoming a deep purple. During their wait, the only other signs of life they saw were that of an occasional bird flying overhead, their peculiar colorings unlike any they had ever seen before.
“How did you come to get that scar?” Kai’las asked Darius, pointing at the two-inch scar along the Warrior’s jawline. At first, the man frowned, then ran his fingers across the old scar as he gave a laugh. “An amusing tale, to be sure.”
“No, not entirely... well, perhaps a little amusing. Sometimes I forget it is even there.” Darius shook his head, brushing a hand through his hair. “Ever seen a giant?”
Kai’las gave him a sideways look. “Have you?”
“No. But he may as well have been one. The man was huge.” He took a swig from his flask of whiskey, offering it to Kai’las, who kindly refused. Darius pulled back, noticing the Fae’s eyes were once again cloudy pale green. He laughed to himself and went on with his story. “One eve, years ago, myself and some comrades slipped into a new Inn in Andoria, ‘The Andorian Juggler’. We had our minds set on enjoying some hard ale and the rumors were, they had the strongest and also the fairest Barmaids in the city.
“As the night continued on, I drank a few ales and then a few more, until I finally had my fill. I said goodnight to my comrades, took the last of my ale with me and stumbled up the stairs to my room. Or… what I thought was my room.” Darius laughed, shaking his head. “It was dark when I stepped in and not to mention, I was incredibly drunk. I stripped off my clothes and climbed into the bed, hearing this Gods awful noise coming from my immediate left.” His brows furrowed. “It was horrible. It sounded like some kind of animal was being tortured.”
“What did you do?”
“I jumped from the bed, for whatever it was, scared the bloody Blarth out of me. The next thing I knew, the room lit up with candlelight and I could now see that the awful noise had come from a woman who was in my bed.” Kai’las’ mouth twitched as he tried to contain his laughter. “Suddenly, this giant of a man emerges from out of nowhere. He shouts at me, wondering what I was doing in his room with his wife.” Darius took another swig of whiskey. “My mind was not thinking clearly. I hurried and grabbed my clothes when the husband rushed over. He began chasing me around the room and all I wanted to do was get out of there. I am a brave man, Kai’las, but I am no fool… did I mention the man was enormous? He threw the flagon, spilling ale everywhere and shattering it against my face. I barely had enough time to grab my pack and get out of there before he killed me. While I was in my undergarments, mind you, the bastard chased me through the hall, down the stairs, across the extremely crowded common room and out the front door, all the while screaming curse words I would never repeat in front of my mother. All this because I stumbled into the wrong room.”
Darius sighed. “Needless to say, I hurried out of the area and camped for the night outside the city gates. Once I sobered, I realized the cut needed a few stitches. I grabbed my shaving mirror, a needle and thread and stitched it right there beneath a tree. Did not do too bad of a job either, under the circumstances.”
Kai’las’ shoulders began shaking as he broke out with laughter. “I can just imagine you being chased around a common room by a giant.”
“Yes. I am sure it was quite the scene. And he was a giant... at least seven feet tall. I was so young, barely old enough to shave. My comrades still to this day have not let me live that one down.” Darius was quiet a moment, thinking back to the strange experience.
“Makaelah is returning.” Kai’las stated with a grin. With his extraordinary eyesight, he had been the first to see her approaching, still far in the distance. They stood at once, the Fae making a sound of despair while his smile faltered. “Something is amiss. She favors her right wing.”
“She is injured.” Shadowhawk said, coming to stand beside them.
“It appears so.” Darius muttered while they anxiously watched as Makaelah flew nearer, getting closer and closer without slowing. He brushed a shaky hand through his hair. “For the love of the Gods.” He felt as if the air was punched from his lungs as he watched the Seraph slam onto the ground like a dead weight.
 At once they rushed to their fallen comrade, dropping down beside her. Their eyes fell first to the three foreign arrows, one protruding out right below her left shoulder, another was stuck in her mid-section and the third, in her right side. An enormous amount of shimmering pale blue liquid flowed freely from the wounds.
Shadowhawk mumbled words in elven, then quietly said, “She is losing too much blood.”
“Makaelah.” Kai’las uttered, his eyes drifting over her face as she laid with her eyes closed. “In all of my long years, I have never seen arrows such as these.”
“Nor I.” Darius agreed.
Makaelah’s eyes fluttered open, her brows furrowing when she saw Darius leaning over her. “You…”
“Shh… speak not.” He softly said. “You are injured. Let us care for you.”
Makaelah grew weaker, having a difficult time in keeping her eyes open, but she was able to see the concern on his face. “You are a… confusing man… Captain Varen.” Closing her eyes once again, she drifted into unconsciousness.
“I will get some water and something to bandage the wounds.” Shadowhawk said before rushing off.
Kai’las cocked his head to the side. “Her heart beats strong.” He peered over to where they set up camp, seeing the Monk lying motionless on her bedroll and he shook his head. “Our time in this land is not starting out well.”
Darius cleared his throat. “The blood has slowed but we need to remove the arrows and clean her up.” His eyes met Kai’las’, once again glowing iridescent. “What?”
“You are a confusing man. There is something you are not aware of.” He paused in thought. “I am not certain even Makaelah knows this but... Fae have the ability to feel the emotions of others. It is stronger in this land.”
The Warrior glared at him, his eyes narrowed. “Do not presume to misinterpret my actions. Makaelah is a comrade.” Darius looked down at the Seraph lying lifeless and his heart ached. He swallowed hard. “A comrade who needs our help.”
Kai’las grinned wickedly, his eyes following the Elf as she returned with the needed supplies. He turned back to Darius and said, “Well, let us get to it then.”

†

Once the dawn had shown its face across the peculiar grounds, Makaelah had risen before the others. She sat with her legs crossed, examining one of the odd arrows that had taken her down the night before. At first glance, it appeared as any ordinary arrow but taking a closer look, it was a different story. The arrowhead was constructed from a sort of bone, carved to a deadly point with four sharp, jagged notches on each side, causing the damage they inflicted to be ten times worse than an ordinary arrow. Makaelah shuddered, taking a deep breath. She was certain quite a bit of bone and muscle had to have been shredded when her companions removed the projectiles. Of course the damage had repaired itself, but had she been awake, it would have been painful. The black twenty-inch shaft ended with a fletching of feathers from a type of bird she had never seen in her entire existence. 
Being so engrossed in her thoughts, it took her several moments to realize Kai’las sat next to her with a wide smile plastered across his face. The grin lit up his strange alien eyes. “Makaelah.” He said, taking her hand and kissing it. “You look beautiful as ever.” She smiled, turning her head. “You do not appear to do well with compliments. I imagine you tire of hearing that.”
“Not at all. It is not often I am able to enjoy the advances from a beautiful, charming male such as yourself.”
“Ah...” Kai’las leaned closer, playfully nudging her with his shoulder. “You think I am beautiful and charming, do you?”
“You, my friend, are perhaps the most beautiful male I have ever had the pleasure of knowing.” She leaned in and whispered, “But you already know this.”
Kai’las laughed. “I am rather remarkable.” He said, winking at her. “But is it my fault the Gods have chosen to bless me?”
“Certainly not.” She replied, laughing with him. Makaelah’s eyes followed his when he regarded Xilton, who did not appear as though she had even moved since the night before. “I think she is much better, though she has not awoken yet, but her breathing has improved.”
Kai’las nodded while turning back to the Celeyian. “And how do you fare?”
“I am well.” Makaelah revealed her shoulder where her wound was now completely healed. “One of the benefits of being an immortal. I appreciate the three of you attending to me as you did.” Makaelah suddenly had the feeling of being watched and turned to find Darius staring at her.
“He was really worried about you.” Kai’las stated.
Makaelah recalled the way Darius’ eyes appeared when he looked down at her before she fell into unconsciousness. “He is an odd man.”
Kai’las shook his head. “Yes, he is but you my friend are stubborn.” Makaelah turned, giving him a look of startlement as Darius walked over with an expression on his face that said he knew that he was the subject of their conversation. “Darius. How are you this fine day?” Kai’las asked, playfully giving him the back of his hand.
Darius frowned, his eyes volleying between Kai’las and his hand before he scoffed. “It will be a cold day in Faustus before my lips touch that hand.”
Quickly drawing his hand back, Kai’las said, “You wound me,” as he feigned a sulk.  
“I will wound you if you ever stick that in my face again.” Darius claimed in jest, inducing a giggle to escape from Makaelah, the sound of it warming his heart. He shared a look with the Seraph, then cleared his throat, motioning at the arrow in her hand. “Did you get a look at who shot those?”
“I did. Creatures I have never before seen.” She handed Darius the arrow while he took a seat next to them. “They were on the small side, possibly four feet in height and covered in thick dark fur. A large snout and small beady eyes.”
“Sounds as though you had gotten fairly close.” The Warrior replied, sounding surprised. “No small wonder the wounds were so deep.”
“I was already on the ground before they struck me. These creatures run incredibly fast on four legs and their two arms wield the bow. I have never seen anything like it.” Makaelah paused, her eyes showing concern. “There were hundreds of them.”
“Hundreds, you say?” Kai’las repeated, surprised. “So, help me to understand this. These creatures had four legs and two arms?” The Seraph nodded. “A total of six legs, if you count the arms as legs.” When Makaelah nodded a second time, Kai’las laughed dryly. “Hmm. I imagine they are fast little buggers.”
“They did appear to be gathered in that one location.” Makaelah peered off in the distance. “But we know not this land. There could be more scattered about, along with other creatures which are far worse.”
Darius rubbed a hand down the thick stubble on the side of his face. “How far away from us were they?”
“Perhaps ten miles west.” Makaelah pointed. “Assuming that is west.”
“And you found nothing else?”
“Not which I could see.” The Celeyian breathed deeply and added, “I fear we have entered onto another plane, though I do not know which one.”
Kai’las nodded. His eyes were again pale green and looking into the distance. “I fear you are right.”
Darius leaned back, stretching out his legs. “You said west.” He voiced and the Seraph inclined her head in response. “Then we go north. And the sooner, the better I say. We have no idea how long our journey is.”
“Agreed.” Said Kai’las. “I just pray Xilton is easy to wake. I am not certain she has moved since yesterday.”
“She has.” Darius replied. “The Elf and I split the watch last night. Xilton awoke in need of water. After I gave her some, she fell back into a deep sleep. If need be, I will carry her.”
“I do not think she would be happy about that.” Kai’las mumbled, coming to his feet. “Very well. I suppose it is time for the two of them to wake.” He gave a wink and shifted away.

†

Makaelah had remained in the sky for the first half of the day, scouting ahead to make certain the way was clear for her companions trailing behind on foot. So far, she had seen no signs of any of the creatures from the night before, nor anything which could cause them trouble. In fact, the only signs of life Makaelah had even glimpsed were of a few rare birds and small critters scurrying about resembling the rats on Rystarr, only larger.
 On the ground, Xilton gazed thoughtfully in the distance. Her wounds appeared healed but she grew more tired with each step. “I fear we will not find much this day.” She said while pulling a cloth from the side of her pack to wipe at her brow. It is warmer in this foreign land than it is on Rystarr, she thought. Not incredibly hot, but definitely warmer.
“Yes.” Shadowhawk agreed, none too happily. “Regrettably, that may be the case.”
“How do you fare, Xilton?” Darius asked.
“Tired.” The Monk replied and smiled. “And thankful to be alive.” That morning, after she awoke fully, Kai’las had told her all that had happened while she was unconscious. Xilton wished she would have been able to get a closer look at the ship that brought them to where they were. The last memory she had upon waking was the battle with the Brazen Horde.
“If you tire too greatly, do not be stubborn... I will help you if need be.” The Warrior stated. 
Xilton hesitated a moment, but then nodded. “My thanks, but I will be fine.”
Makaelah touched down behind them and immediately began rummaging through her pack for her waterskin but accepted Kai’las’ when he offered it in an outstretched hand. “The land is desolate.” Makaelah said and took a long drink of water, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. She passed the waterskin back to him with a smile.
“I am not certain if it is good or bad news.” Darius replied. “You were gone half the day. How far was your search?”
“To the surrounding mountains.” She motioned with her hand. “I would have seen movement, unless there are creatures that hide underground. Or in the mountains.”
Darius rubbed his jaw. “Which both are possible, I suppose. I pray whatever is here keeps at bay. If all could be simple for once, it would be a welcome change.”
“Yes, it would.” Xilton agreed.
“There are quite a few rough patches further up where the land has grown uneven.” Makaelah continued speaking. “Though it should not prove…” Her steps faltered when she suddenly grew dizzy.
Immediately halting, Kai’las wrapped an arm around the Celeyian to help steady her. “Makaelah?” He gave her a sideways look, his brow raised.
“I am well.” She responded, rubbing her temple.
“Obviously, you are not well.” The Fae stated, concern was evident in his iridescent eyes. 
Darius regarded the Seraph. “You have been up there since we set out this morn. Considering what you went through last night perhaps you are pushing yourself.”
“Do not concern yourself with me, I am fine.” She sneered.
 He scanned the land surrounding them. “Even so I think a rest would do both you and Xilton some good.” Darius’ jaw clenched. “At least it would not hurt.”
“Agreed.” The Fae replied, still holding onto Makaelah. He gave her no chance to speak up, for Kai’las knew with her stubbornness, she would object.
They received no argument from Xilton, who at that point, was more than willing to take a few minutes off her tired feet. The half-Gods found some shade under the red trees where they took some time to rest up.
“Drink more water.” Kai’las voiced, pushing his waterskin into Makaelah’s hands. “Drink it all if need be. I will find more water.”
“I still have my own, Kai’las.” She answered, giving a small laugh. “You worry over me as a sibling would.”
“Yes.” He said, turning his green iridescent eyes upon her. “I do.” Spreading his arms out, Kai’las grinned and added, “Think of me as your annoying older brother. I will always look out for you.”
“Mm... incredibly annoying.” Shadowhawk murmured.
Twenty minutes later, they were on their way once again, though try as Kai’las could, he could not talk Makaelah into staying grounded. The Celeyian bounded into the sky, feeling much better after they had stopped to rest.
Kai’las watched her soar away, his eyes glancing around. “Such a strange place this is. It is too quiet here.” He muttered, tilting his head to the side. “It is terribly disconcerting. Are we not due for some excitement?”
“Please, no.” Xilton expressed. “At this time, I will take boredom over excitement.” Having been struck with those spears had taken a lot out on her, but Xilton was finally beginning to feel like her energy was returning to her.
“Ah, but Xilton, my dear...” Kai’las turned to face her with a wry grin. He continued along walking backwards. “Boredom only drags the days along, but excitement...”
“Thank you, but no. There has been too much excitement as of late.” She replied, covering a yawn with the back of her hand. “I have to admit, I miss the Monastery.”
An object on the ground that was just a few paces away from Kai’las caught Shadowhawk’s eye. It appeared as a large opalescent circular mass of approximately five feet in diameter. The Elf shouted an alert for him to halt, but her words came a second too late and as Kai’las stepped onto the glistening mass, he immediately began sinking into it.
Kai’las glanced down at his boots stuck in the shimmering object. He tried raising them, but they would not budge. “Well, this is a predicament.” He uttered, then looked up at Shadowhawk with a slight grin on his face. “I thank you for the effort, D’ae Feon. Although I would have preferred a bit more of a warning.” A low rumbling grew from within the body of matter and Kai’las’ eyes switched a few times back and forth between iridescent and pale green before settling on iridescent.
Having seen her companions stopped, Makaelah circled back, landing beside them. Her eyes grew wide when she noticed her friend’s situation. “Kai’las!”
“Can you get out from this?” Darius asked, dropping down at the edge of the mass. “Try your powers!”
“Do not think I have not tried. There is a strong energy emitting from within it.” He responded with a touch of panic showing in his eyes.
Darius reached for him. “Give me your hands!” Kai’las reached out, taking ahold of his hands and the Warrior immediately started to pull. Darius’ eyes glowed white as he began using all his strength at attempting to pull him out.
“Stop!” Kai’las insisted, inducing him to let go. “I am only sinking further and I fear if you continue to use any more of that enhanced strength of yours I will be left without arms.”
“There must be something we can do.” Xilton stated in a panic.
Makaelah rose into the air, contemplating on trying a different angle. “Do not fret.” She watched as her friend sank five inches in no time. “We will pull you from this.”
“Who is fretting?” Kai’las said, glancing up at her hovering above. “Makaelah, as you can see I am not moving. If I am to be honest...”
“Stop it, you fool!” Shadowhawk snapped, causing Kai’las to raise a brow. “We will somehow get you out of this.” The Elf looked down, trying to hide her concern as she took a rope from her pack, quickly making a tether at one end.
“I am not quite sure we share the same beliefs in that.”
Xilton watched as Kai’las sank to his knees. “Be of haste with the rope, Shadowhawk. He is sinking too quickly.” She shrugged a shoulder, giving him an apologetic look. “Sorry, Kai’las.”
He gave a slight smile. “Do not be sorry. It is true, I am sinking quickly.”
The Elf hissed in elven and tossed the tethered end of the rope over Kai’las, pulling it taunt. Her eyes glanced over the others. “Do not just stand there. Grab the rope, or the Fae will surely die.” They all immediately moved to join in, each taking ahold of the rope and pulling.
Kai’las sighed. “I am not entirely certain what you believe this will accomplish. I did not move even in the slightest when Darius had tried.” 
“Do not be a fool. Have some confidence in us.” Shadowhawk snapped and the Fae’s eyes flickered. He took a sharp breath. “Have you not heard of umartempla litsé...cursed sand?”
Kai’las sighed irritably. “Yes, I know of it, D’ae Feon. I have even had the misfortune of being trapped in it a time or two but trust me when I say this is not umartempla litsé.”
“What?” Makaelah responded.
“Are you certain?” Xilton asked.
“Quite certain. Cursed sand does not sit on top of the sand, it is the sand. Have you even taken a look at it? A close look? Had you, then you would know it is nothing like umartempla litsé.”
Darius did not have to inspect it, for he had already gotten a close look when he attempted to pull him out. The mass sat approximately two to three inches above the ground and peering underneath it Darius was able to see directly across from him making it appear as though Kai’las was not even there. “Kai’las is correct, it is not the same thing. Not to mention, I see no sand anywhere in this place.”
“Exactly.” The Fae agreed. “This substance is thicker than tar but let us not forget I am still stuck… and sinking rather quickly. Only not into the ground. Another dimension, perhaps.”
As his companions worked even harder to free him, appearing to have no luck, Kai’las sank to his shoulders in no time. By then they had become discouraged, though neither of them were about to give up.
“He is not budging.” Darius said through clenched teeth as he pulled on the rope. “This cannot be happening. Kai’las... I have seen what you are capable of. You are powerful. Bloody Faustus, you are a Fae Prince, can you not do anything?”
His cloudy pale gaze met Darius’ ice blue. “I am not giving up, my friend.” He softly replied. “I will fight until there is no life left in me to fight with.” 
“You better.” Makaelah ordered, watching in dismay as Kai’las sank even further, his chin now covered. Suddenly overwhelmed with anger, tiny orange flames sparked in her eyes which she did nothing to suppress.
Kai’las stayed calm as he struggled to keep his mouth above the thick liquid. “Back away, my friends, although I appreciate your effort.” He quietly said and his companions reluctantly let go of the rope. His green iridescent orbs settled on the Seraph and even through the flames in her eyes, he could see an outpouring of love in their depths. He smiled and gave a wink.
The others stood by helplessly watching in horror as Kai’las’ head went in, taking him completely under. A few bubbles rose up from the thick substance, settling at the surface briefly before popping, after which, there were no signs whatsoever he had ever been trapped there. Rumbling came from the body of matter and the land around them shook and trembled. Darius pulled a shocked Makaelah back for fear of her falling in. The mass dropped onto the ground and began to slowly shrink, the ground absorbing it until it disappeared altogether, taking Kai’las with it.
“No!” Makaelah pleaded. A tear ran down the side of her face from eyes alight with angry flames.
The blood drained slowly from Darius’ face as he eyed the spot where Kai’las disappeared moments ago. He turned to the Celeyian. “Makaelah...”
“Do not do that!” She sneered, the flames growing larger. Darius saw no gold whatsoever remaining in her eyes.
He took a sharp breath. “You all can stand here and mourn him if it is what you choose.” Darius growled. “But I refuse to believe a being as powerful as Kai’las could truly be gone from us.” Shaking his head, his voice softened when he added, “not like this.”
“What are you saying?” Xilton asked, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
“He does not believe him to be dead.” Shadowhawk quietly said. She turned away from them, for even she was having a difficult time trying to contain her emotions.
They all stood silent for some time. Finally, Makaelah was the first to speak again, her voice trembling. “If only that were true.” She looked down at the ground where the mass once sat before casting her eyes at the purple sky. “We do not know what plane we have stepped onto. Anything could be possible here.”
Darius regarded her a moment. He knew it was taking much for Makaelah to contain her emotions. “Yes, anything is possible. Do not give up on him.”
Her breath shuddered. “I do not want to.”
“Then do not.” Their eyes held for several moments. “It is that simple.”
The ground suddenly gave a shudder, lightly at first before growing more intense, the four of them immediately taking steps back. Rumbling came from all around and a distant roar from deep down in the core of where the mass had once stood. The thunderous sound grew louder as it came toward the surface. The immortals witnessed as the ground broke wide open and a burst of light and a kaleidoscope of colors came shooting skyward, causing them to shield their eyes from the intensity. Once it all faded and they were able to see, Kai’las hovered in the air above, his amber iridescent wings spread wide and shimmering with brilliant incandescence, though he appeared to be slightly different than he had before. 
“By the Gods.” Xilton gasped.
“Kai’las?” Makaelah muttered, approaching him warily. 
He had the same grin he always wore but Kai’las’ beauty was more intensified with a heightened energy radiating from him, his eyes glowing with a prism of colors. “Makaelah.” He landed gracefully on the ground, stretching his arms wide, awaiting her embrace.
Darius was suddenly at her side, his hand on her arm. He bent to whisper, “What are we seeing?”
“More of his true form.” She whispered back. Makaelah hesitated no longer and approached Kai’las, falling into his embrace. “I thought...”
“I know what you thought.” Kai’las spoke quietly into her ear. “You should know, I do not die easily. I realized after you all tried everything you could, the only way I was to burst free of it was to transform into my true form.” He grinned. “I am able to accomplish much more in that form.” His eyes drifted around at his other companions, staring at him in wonder. Kai’las arched a brow and angled his head in thought. “Why do they look at me like that?”
Makaelah gazed up at him. “Your appearance is... heightened.”
Her words sank in immediately. Kai’las smiled crookedly and replied, “Is it? Such a strange land we stumbled onto.”

†

Hours later, the lavender sky had grown dark with storm clouds when Makaelah touched down. The companions continued north, though their travel had started to prove more trying once the rain had begun bringing with it strong winds. Their vision had become obstructed, making it difficult for the half-Gods to see their way clearly through the pelting rain and wind. 
“We must find a place to stop and wait this out.” Shadowhawk expressed, scanning the line of small mountains in the distance, approximately a half a mile from them. “Perhaps we might have a chance of finding shelter near the mountains.”
Kai’las shifted out, only to reappear within seconds. “There are a few small grottoes. At least one appears large enough to accommodate the five of us.”
“Very well.” Darius responded, inclining his head. “Lead the way.”
It took them some time to reach the small cluster of mountains which they approached hesitantly with their weapons raised, for fear the small caves may already have occupants. Although they found the cave that Kai’las had spoken of to be empty and so the companions moved in, making it their shelter for the night.
The grotto went back into the mountain about fifty paces, where it widened into a small cavern giving them plenty of room to lay out their bedrolls. It took Kai’las three attempts to make a fire, his powers being somewhat off in the strange land. The Fae’s appearance was still heightened, though his wings were no longer visible but his eyes remained iridescent. They thought it best if one of them remained on watch by the cave entrance at all times, which was where Shadowhawk stood at the moment, looking out as the storm blew across the deep green countryside.
“D’ae Feon.” Kai’las said. Stepping toward the mouth of the cave, he leaned against the side, staring across at her, his eyes glowing in the dim light. “I would like you to know that I appreciate your attempts to free me from that horrific substance.” He tilted his head. “But do not think for one instant I will not discount the fact that you addressed me as a fool not once, but twice.” The Elf glared at him, her jaw tense. “I am not certain if it was your intention to insult me in the presence of our companions but I have ended the lives of others for far less.” Kai’las paused a moment, letting his words sink in. He sighed. “I know not why you attempted to save me when you so dislike me, but even so…” He gave a slight bow of his head. “I am in your debt.” Kai’las quieted a few moments, staring at her. “What is it going to take for you to realize I am not your enemy, D’ae Feon.” The Fae left her there, turning to head back into the cave.
Shadowhawk watched him walk away, giving him a piercing glance. She thought it strange that she never actually felt threatened by him the entire time he stood there. Had she, Quar Re would have immediately detached from her and she was not certain what the outcome would have been. The Elf gave a quiet chuckle. “That would have been interesting to see.” She mumbled to herself.
Back in the cavern, Kai’las found his other companions lounging on their bedding near the fire he created. His strange, exotic eyes scanned the small cave, narrowing and coming back to focus on the fire. He tilted his head in thought. Normally, when he created fire the flames were a reddish orange, but Kai’las was looking at flames that switched between purple and blue.
“It changed soon after you walked away.” Xilton stated, noticing his curious look. “Nothing has changed as to the heat it brings forth. It still burns.”
“Hmm.” Kai’las rubbed his chin. “There is a distant vibration in the ground.” He said, rolling smoothly onto his bedroll. His other companions exchanged a concerned glance. “It is incredibly light. Not a wonder you do not feel it.”
“Should we be concerned?” Darius asked, stuffing a piece of jerky into his mouth.
Kai’las shrugged his shoulders. “How am I to know of this place?” His eyes met the Warrior’s and he blew out a breath. “It is very faint.” He smiled and winked at the Seraph. “Makaelah will protect us if need be.”
She chuckled lightly. “I am not certain what good I would be if the cave collapses in on us. I suppose I may be able to get one of you out.” Kai’las immediately raised his hand, a devilish grin on his face and Makaelah laughed again. “You need no help from me. With your powers, you may be the only one of us who would make it out.”
Kai’las snorted. “Have you not seen what my powers have been doing as of late?” He motioned at the fire.
“Sleep with your boots on tonight.” Darius said after a time. “And your weapons close. One of us must be certain to stay at the mouth of the cave. As soon as this storm passes we can leave.” He laid down, stretching out and yawning in the process. “We should try and get some sleep while we can.”

†

A time later, Makaelah awoke to a low rumbling beneath her. Sleepily, she sat up just as a large gray worm burrowed its way through the cavern floor right next to her bedding. She yelled out and instinctively reached for her sword as the worm wrapped itself around her wrist, holding tight.
The others had awoken to the clamor, catching sight of the three-foot worm that had attached itself to the Seraph. “Makaelah.” Darius uttered, reaching over, and pulling on the creature. Suddenly, the other end wrapped around Darius’ right wrist, twitching, and wiggling and jolting their arms to and fro. “Bloody Faustus.”
“Use your sword and slice it, Fae.” Shadowhawk voiced as Xilton ran from the cave opening to see what the commotion was about.
“No!” Darius commanded. “Unless it stops its wrenching, I will not have you risk cutting one of our hands off.”
Kai’las, who already had Glimmer halfway unsheathed replied, “Very well”, and slid the weapon back into its scabbard. He took a deep breath and nodded. “Other methods then.” He waved his hand and the worm stopped moving as it hardened, becoming a solid rubbery form.
Darius’ body tensed and he let out a slow hiss. “Kai’las!” He loudly sneered through clenched teeth.
“Kai’las!” Makaelah’s eyes sprouted with flames.
There was humor in the Fae’s iridescent eyes when he smiled wickedly. “You do recall when we spoke of consequences? Perhaps you could consider that this might be one of them.”

CHAPTER
21

So far Tarakis had made his way across the distance that separated him and his comrades from where they stood and waited to where Alenia sat on her horse next to the other one in black. He assumed the second rider was this Osremyer, the one she had spoken of. Having seen the Goblin-men charge his friends, Tarakis had no doubt the four of them would have little trouble in dealing with twenty of the creatures. A few moments after they attacked, he witnessed a large fiery explosion go off in their midst. He smiled to himself and thought, Good one, Mage.
Twenty-five paces away from where Alenia sat atop her horse, Tarakis crouched in the shadows off to the left, behind a stand of three rather young trees. He watched for a moment, trying to determine what his best course of action would be when he noticed Osremyer’s hands begin to move, indicative of casting a spell. When he heard the man mutter the ancient language of the Gods, Tarakis knew for certain that was what he was doing. He was sure the spell was not directed at him, as neither of the two in black had shown any indication that they were aware of his presence. 
There was a line of trees fifteen paces behind where the two sat, it was also about forty paces across and would provide excellent coverage for his approach. He could hear Alenia and the other one speaking, but he was unable to make out what they were saying, though it was clear that Osremyer did not look pleased with what he was hearing. While the two appeared to be distracted with one another, Tarakis decided the time was right for him to make his move. He quickly moved behind the trees, taking up a position directly behind Osremyer, readying his short sword and dagger. As stealthily as he could, Tarakis charged, hoping to take him by surprise while he sat atop his horse, his back to the Rogue. When he reached a point where he was just paces away from the man’s horse, he jumped, planning to land on the mount right behind Osremyer so that he could take him by surprise. Tarakis did indeed land on the horse, directly behind his foe, and immediately thrust his dagger into the Darkman’s side.
Osremyer let out a loud groan as the dagger struck home. The Rogue raised his short sword, preparing to land a follow-up thrust when his opponent yelled two words in the language of the Gods. “Repulsu relectae!” 
Tarakis suddenly found that he had lost all control of his body, feeling as if an unseen force had reached out and grabbed him, rendering him unable to complete his attack or do anything else for that matter. It only lasted a moment, however, for he found himself being thrown from the horse with a tremendous amount of force. He landed ten paces away with a loud thump, rolling a few times when he hit, but he used the movements to his advantage and when he came out of the last roll, Tarakis twisted upright, landing on his feet. Although he was only able to keep ahold of his dagger, his short sword had fallen from his grip and ended up on the ground five paces away.
“Well, well, well.” The Darkman said as he turned his mount to face the Rogue. “It is one of the immortals, trying to be a hero!” He added with a grimace. 
It was obvious to Tarakis that his dagger had struck a serious blow to the man.
Though not saying a word, Alenia turned her horse to face him. She stared at him with a touch of confusion as if she were not certain how to feel or what to do.
Tarakis stood still for a moment in a ready position, trying to determine if it would be worthwhile to retrieve his sword or continue to attack with his trusty magical dagger.
Osremyer dismounted his horse and gazed at Tarakis with his piercing night black eyes. Drawing an incredibly wicked looking dagger with a wavy blade from within the folds of his cloak, he held it out menacingly before him. “Your move, Rogue!” He said, taking a defensive stance.
Alenia watched the situation develop with much trepidation and confusion. What was this she was feeling? She had never been as confused about her duties to her master as she was then. She did not understand what she was feeling with this Rogue that she barely knew? It was as if some outside force was trying to influence her, guiding her emotions and intentions. Alenia was one of her master’s trusted servants, if not his most trusted, and now she found herself with an overwhelming need and desire to protect this half-fiend Rogue that she had only spoken with twice before.
Tarakis was just about to launch another attack upon Osremyer, who only stood with a bizarre smile upon his face. 
Alenia sensed what was about to happen and before she even realized what was occurring, she shouted a warning to the Rogue. “No, Tarakis! You cannot take him alone!” She paused a moment, realizing they both stared at her in startlement. 
Alenia caught the Rogue’s glare with her eyes and as they met, something unseen passed between them. Both suddenly found that their feelings towards the other either changed or actually surfaced for the first time. Tarakis felt as if he could truly trust her and depend on her while Alenia felt real admiration for the Rogue as well as a deep desire to see that he complete his task. 
Tarakis lowered his guard just briefly as it appeared as if he were about to speak when Osremyer, who had been momentarily overlooked by the two of them, took advantage of the situation.
“Impetu!” The Darkman yelled.
The Rogue was suddenly hit by an invisible wall of force that threw him back into the line of trees, leaving him battered and bloodied on the ground and losing his grip on his dagger. He laid there, unable to move, for whatever had struck him was still on top of him, pressing Tarakis into the ground. 
Osremyer slowly approached the prostrate Rogue with his hands fanned out before him in order to keep his spell active on his foe.
Alenia quickly dismounted her horse and slowly moved a few steps towards Tarakis where he laid in the line of trees.
The Darkman noticed her but did not turn away from the helpless foe when he said, “Do not think for an instant that I did not hear you attempt to warn our enemy.” She peered at him with much hatred in her eyes, though remained silent for the moment. “When we are done with him, I will deal with you.” He added menacingly.
Alenia looked at Tarakis, who continued to writhe in pain, before turning back to Osremyer and letting her anger take over. In an instant, she drew her two daggers and lunged at the Darkman, letting out a vicious scream and catching him by complete surprise. “Bastard!” She screamed as she thrusted her right dagger at him, catching him in the right arm. He instantly lost the concentration on his spell over Tarakis as he tried to recover from the unexpected attack. He turned to face Alenia, trying to parry her next move, but it was too late. She thrusted upward with her left dagger and caught him directly in the right armpit. It was a critical blow, although it was not quite enough to bring him down. 
“You malicious little bitch!” He shouted. “You will pay for this betrayal!” While his right arm hung uselessly, he raised his left hand to throw a quick spell at her that would give him a few moments to recover. “Flama, Digitus!” He exclaimed. Instantly, small flaming darts shot from each of the five digits on his hand, flying directly at Alenia and striking her in the chest, the arms, and the head. They did not do much harm but they did serve to distract her from the assault upon him as she strove to extinguish them before they did greater harm, taking a few steps back as she did so. 
Osremyer smiled wickedly, preparing to cast a more lethal spell that would take care of the backstabbing bitch. He had just begun his conjuration when Tarakis, whom he had for the moment forgotten about, hit him full force with a bull rush, knocking him out of his stance. He lost the spell he was preparing while he and the Rogue stumbled about. The Darkman quickly regained his senses, seeing that his foe was weaponless, he made a quick move to attack and hopefully kill the upstart. Still having the wicked dagger in his right hand, Osremyer shifted it to his left and lunged at Tarakis, who seeing his incoming attack turned himself to lessen the blow. The Darkman’s dagger went into the Rogue’s right shoulder with a vicious thrust. Tarakis let out a loud groan of pain as he grabbed at his shoulder, falling to one knee, while Osremyer gave a look of pure evil and satisfaction. “And so you get what you deserve.” The Darkman growled, pulling out the dagger as he prepared to strike again. Although he would not be satisfied with leaving it at that, for Osremyer truly wanted to rub it in. Before making his death strike, he could not help but stop to add, “Do not worry, your comrades will receive the same.” He laughed wickedly, unknowing that his last move was his undoing.
Tarakis peered at him, seeing Alenia out of the corner of his eye as she crept up behind the Darkman. He smiled and could not resist saying, “Best look to your rear.”
Osremyer felt a sudden shiver of horror and fear come over him. Alenia! He thought as she jumped on him, landing solidly, and thrusting both of her daggers deep into his back. The Darkman was unable to respond to the attack at all, for he was dead within seconds when both of Alenia’s blades pierced his heart from behind.

‡

In that instant, somewhere far away, Tark-volmar sensed that something unseen and horrible had occurred, feeling that the life force of one of his more important servants had been snuffed out. In that moment his rage was great and terrifying to those servants who were nearby. He vowed that whoever had done the unspeakable act would pay dearly for it when he discovered who it was.

‡

Osremyer, the Darkman, servant of Tark-volmar, fell dead on the ground at Alenia’s feet with a dull thud. For a moment she stood staring at the body as though she did not truly believe what had happened. Tarakis, from where he still knelt on the ground, looked from Alenia to the body as if he were having trouble believing it as well. He finally got up, with no small amount of effort, and grasping his wounded shoulder, he walked over, standing next to Alenia as she continued to stare at the body of her former ally. Tarakis remained silent, for he was not sure what, if anything, he should say.
After a few moments of silence, Alenia was able to compose herself enough to speak. “Well, it is no great loss to the world. That man was a complete bastard and deserved what he got!”
Tarakis took a deep breath and nodded his head. “Yes, I agree with that. You are right.” She looked at him as if in a daze, almost like she did not recognize him. He returned her look sympathetically. “But what are you going to do now?” She peered back at the body, though did not respond. Maybe I can explain what happened to my comrades, he thought to himself, then paused on his thoughts when he came to a realization. “Oh merciful dungheap! My comrades!” He exclaimed, suddenly realizing that the sound of battle had faded and they would be searching for him at any moment. He had to get her out of there, for they would never listen to reasoning. He moved to stand in front of Alenia and with his good arm, he grasped her shoulder, getting her attention. “You have to get out of here! Now!” She stared at him, seeming to regain some of her senses as she nodded in agreement. Seeing this, Tarakis continued speaking. “You must go someplace safe, away from those who were your allies before this.” He stared into her eyes to make certain she heard him and understood his words.
She blinked a couple of times, then nodded. “Yes, I must go away.” She uttered, somewhat weakly.
Tarakis cocked his head as he looked at her, not completely convinced that she understood the gravity of the situation. “Do you have someplace to go?” He asked after a few seconds. “Someplace safe where you can lay in hiding for a while?” 
Appearing to regain some of her composure, she nodded once again. “Yes, I know where to go.” She turned and headed for her horse, mounting it.
Alenia turned the reins, about to leave when Tarakis stepped in front of the horse and moved to quickly grab ahold of the reins. He looked up at her, trying to decide what it was he wanted to say. After a time, what he did say was completely out of character for him. “I am not exactly sure what just happened or why it happened the way it did.” Alenia silently stared at him with a very serious and stern look on her face. “But I do know that you saved my life at great personal cost.” Her glare softened some as she continued to look down at him. “Seek me out in the future. You have, this day, earned an ally in me. If you have need of my assistance in the future you have but to ask.” He bowed his head slightly.
Alenia gazed off into the distance briefly before her eyes drifted back to him and she smiled faintly.
Tarakis immediately felt something, he was not certain what it was, but for almost the first time in his life he felt concern for someone other than himself. He took a deep breath. “In the meantime, I bid you to please take care and be careful. I will see you again.”
He released her horse’s reins and she turned her mount away and sped off, looking back at the Rogue briefly as she went.
Tarakis watched her for a few moments until she was out of sight. He then collected his weapons and giving the body of the Darkman one last look, he mounted the dead man’s horse. “He will not be needing it anymore.” He said to himself, realizing in that moment how much his shoulder was hurting. It stung almost unbearably, which did not seem right for a simple penetrating dagger wound. Tarakis wrapped a quick bandage around it and put it out of his mind for the time being. He then went to rejoin his comrades, heading across the field.

†

The four demigods that had faced off against the Goblin-men had fully recovered from the fight. The minor wounds they received had all been tended to when they noticed Tarakis riding towards them on a horse that was not his, coming across the field where the two enemy leaders had watched the battle play out.
“Did he take both of them on himself?” Valen mumbled.
They all stared across the field, seeing what appeared to be a body cloaked in black laying in front of the stand of trees where the two cloaked figures had stood during the battle, mounted on their horses.
“So it would seem.” Sir Tavannos said, with some amazement in his voice. “Impressive.”
Airrak, who was standing beside his friend, nodded in agreement. “Indeed, if that is what he did. Impressive indeed.”
Valen had his doubts but the reality of the situation seemed to confirm that the Rogue had taken on both leaders and came out on top.
Tarakis could see his comrades watching as he rode towards them. He was sure they were going to have a lot of questions for him but he wondered how much of what had transpired between him, Osremyer and Alenia they had actually seen. Hopefully, he thought to himself, they had been so involved in the fight with the Goblin-men that they did not see anything until it was over. His shoulder was throbbing and he was starting to feel a little lightheaded by the time he reached the others.
“Well, you are all in one piece.” Airrak said, being the first to speak up. Tarakis looked at him, though having trouble focusing. “And you have a new mount.” He added, noticing the Rogue was wobbling in the saddle, sitting hunched over. He also appeared to be gasping for breath.
“What is wrong with you?” Szarzekk asked. “You do not seem well.”
Tarakis clutched his shoulder, though did not respond. His companions were not even certain that he had heard them.
“He has been wounded in the shoulder.” Valen said, trying to surmise the situation.
“Yes, but that seems like it would be a relatively minor wound.” Offered Sir Tavannos. “That should not be causing this condition.”
It only took Airrak a few moments to deduce what was going on. “Poison!” He exclaimed, the others peering at him with various looks of disbelief and realization. “He has been poisoned.” The Mage elaborated.
“Let us help him off the horse.” Sir Tavannos suggested, although before he reached Tarakis’ side, the Rogue fell off the mount and began convulsing.
The others all sprang over to their fallen companion while Airrak knelt beside him, placing his hand on his forehead. “He is burning with fever!” The Mage voiced. “We do not have a lot of time.”
Valen knelt down beside him. “What can we do?”
Airrak considered their options and turned to address Tavannos. “Quickly! My pack!” He then said, “Valen! Szarzekk! Hold him. Try and attempt to stop the convulsing.” Grabbing his pack from the Knight, he started digging in it, searching for something in particular. “I need a few minutes but must work quickly before we lose him.” Finding what he was looking for in the form of a small leather pouch, he pulled several small glass vials out, each one filled with a different substance. 
Sir Tavannos crouched down beside his friend. “Anti-toxin?”
The Mage gave him a short nod. “If I can get these mixed correctly…”
The Knight glanced over to where Tarakis lay with Valen and Szarzekk holding on to him. He had stopped convulsing, though the Warrior gave Sir Tavannos a concerned look. “I think we may be too late.” Valen said, trying to find signs of life from the Rogue.
Szarzekk bent his head, his ear close to Tarakis’ mouth. “No, he breathes still. Although very shallow.”
“There!” Airrak exclaimed, holding the vial up. “It is blue! Perfect!” He had moved the components correctly and had just what he was looking for. “Quickly!” He said to Valen and Szarzekk. “Remove that bandage from the wound. I need it exposed.” Moving next to Tarakis, the Undead Warrior stood and stepped out of the way, giving the Mage room to work.
Airrak took the stopper off of the vial and poured some of the blue liquid into the Rogue’s mouth while Valen finished exposing the wound on his shoulder. The Warrior let out a slight exclamation of surprise when he got a look at the wound. It was only an inch in length but what shocked him was the sickly green spiderweb pattern which emanated out from it, covering the shoulder.
“Yes, most definitely poison.” Airrak voiced as he examined the wound, confirming what he already knew. He then poured the remaining anti-toxin into the wound. “Now we need to re-bandage it. Tightly.” He directed Valen.
Szarzekk, who had been watching the Mage work, also attempted to keep an eye out around them, for they were in hostile territory after all. Sir Tavannos stood next to him, though his attention was on Tarakis and Airrak, who was mending him. “You may want to hurry and finish this up.” Szarzekk voiced, causing his companions to glance up at him questioningly.
“Why is that?” Valen asked.
“We will, most likely, have company fairly soon.” Without turning away, Szarzekk pointed off towards the west.
Valen came to his feet, peering out in the direction he had indicated as Airrak took over finishing with the bandage. Tavannos joined the two warriors, staring out at a large cloud of dust. They could not see who or what was creating it but whoever it was, there had to be quite a few of them to create a cloud of that size.
“They are still a good distance away, whoever they are.” Szarzekk stated. “At least ten miles or so.”
“You cannot make out who they are?” Valen asked.
“No. They are too far away, even for my eyes.”
Valen took a sharp breath. “Well, let us not wait around to find out. We mount up and get out of here.”
Airrak looked up at him, then back at Tarakis, who laid unconscious, although he was now breathing regularly. “He should rest.” The Mage said.
“He will have to rest on the horse.” Valen replied as he knelt down beside the Rogue. “There is no choice.”
“I am sorry, my friend.” Sir Tavannos said, laying his hand on Airrak’s shoulder. “Valen is correct. We cannot take the chance that they are more enemies.” The Mage lowered his head for a moment but then gave his friend a nod of agreement.
“Help me get him on his horse.” Valen said to Tavannos. “We will have to secure him to the saddle as long as he is unconscious.”
The two of them quickly, yet carefully, raised Tarakis onto his saddle, using some rope to secure him to the mount. Airrak and Szarzekk mounted their own horses and as soon as the other two had secured the Rogue, they mounted as well while the Knight held onto the reins of Tarakis’ horse.
Valen nodded at Airrak. “Lead on, Mage. We will follow you.”
With that, the immortals were off and heading for the artifact, the Tumulus of Quaestio to find their portal.

†

The companions had been riding for the better part of the day. According to Airrak, if they followed the river due south until it forked with the Crystal Tributary, then followed the tributary, they would come to the so-called Tumulus.
Tarakis still suffered the effects of the poison, although the anti-toxin had slowed it down, it would more than likely kill him, unless a miracle presented itself. Airrak had taken to caring for him as he had to give him more of the anti-toxin every couple of hours to slow down the poison. The Rogue was, for the most part, unconscious the entire trip, though he did have scattered moments when he was awake. At those times, however, he was very confused and incoherent.
To make matters worse, whoever it was they had seen off in the distance after the fight with the Goblin-men was, evidently, following them. As they had been traveling, the dust cloud remained behind them, still at a distance away. 
Szarzekk left his companions, riding back a few miles towards the cloud to try and get a look at who or what was following them. He approached within a distance of about five miles and even with his vision it was difficult to make them out. Although, he could tell that they were all mounted on some form of beasts. Some looked large enough to be horses and they appeared to have human sized beings on their backs while the others were smaller, four legged creatures which seemed to be extra furry carrying significantly smaller beings. What concerned him the most was the fact that there appeared to be hundreds of both types and it definitely looked as if they were heading their way. He quickly rode back to catch up with his comrades to share the disturbing news.
While the others stopped briefly to tend to Tarakis once again, Szarzekk caught up with them after having rode his horse as hard as he could. 
Valen was the first to see him approaching. “Szarzekk returns.” He and Sir Tavannos walked a short ways out to where they stopped to greet him.
As his rode up, Szarzekk held his hand up in greeting and quickly dismounted his horse, the others giving him a moment before they started asking him questions.
“Well, what did you see?” Sir Tavannos spoke up first. “Are they friends or foes?” Even as he asked the question, he was already sure of the answer.
Valen raised a brow, somewhat surprised by his second question. “Considering that we are deep within the Goblins territory, I am certain they are foes.”
Szarzekk nodded his head to confirm what Valen had said. “Indeed, I would say they are most likely not friendly.” He said. “And I am fairly certain they are following us.”
Tavannos let out a sigh and peered over his shoulder at Airrak administering to Tarakis while Valen kept his attention focused on the Undead Warrior. “Who are they? And how many are they?” The Warrior asked.
“I will answer your second question first.” Szarzekk replied. “Because I am more sure of their number than I am of who they are.” He paused for a moment. “There are three to four hundred of them.”
Both Valen and Sir Tavannos gazed at him with looks of amazement. The Knight was about to speak but could not seem to form the words, though Valen did not appear to have any trouble. “Three to four hundred?” He exclaimed. “You are sure?” Szarzekk nodded in the affirmative. “In the name of the Gods.” Valen took a moment, looking out in the distance. “Tavannos!” He yelled to get the Knight’s attention. Seeing that he had it, even though Tavannos appeared as if he were in shock, he said, “Go and tell Airrak the news. And tell him we need to move as quickly as possible.”
Although he was obviously not happy about the news they were just given, the Knight went to do as the Warrior had asked.
Watching him go, Valen turned back to Szarzekk. “Could you tell who they are?”
“As best I could tell…” He began. “There were several different kinds of creatures or beings making up the group.” Szarzekk paused a moment but seeing that Valen was listening intently, he went on. “There were man sized beings that looked to be mounted on horse sized creatures as well as beings about half the size of a man, mounted on somewhat smaller, incredibly furry looking four legged creatures.” He took another few seconds before adding the clencher, “There appeared to be about two hundred of each type.”
Valen was a bit stunned by the news. If what he was thinking was correct, it did not make any sense. He glanced behind him, noticing that Sir Tavannos and Airrak were helping Tarakis back onto his horse. “Let us go tell the others.”
Szarzekk watched the two helping Tarakis into his saddle. “How is he?” He quietly asked Valen. “He still looks bad.”
He let out a sigh. “He seems to be growing worse.” Valen replied, speaking also in hushed tones. “It looks like the Mage’s remedy is only slowing the effects down.” He waited a moment before adding, “I do not know what we are going to do. If we do not find him an antidote, he is going to…” Valen could not finish his sentence but Szarzekk understood what he was saying.
After the two warriors had joined the others, Airrak and Sir Tavannos both waited expectedly for what other news they were to give them.
Valen took a deep breath. “You already know that we are being followed by a large number of potential enemies.” He looked between the Mage and Knight, who both nodded. “With what Szarzekk has told me, I am basically certain that about half of them are Goblins mounted on dire wolves and the others are, most likely, humans mounted on horses, unless they are Goblin-men, which I doubt since most Goblin types would rather eat a horse than ride one.” He glanced at Szarzekk. “Does that sound reasonable considering what you saw?”
The Undead Warrior gave it some thought. “Most assuredly.”
Both Sir Tavannos and Airrak appeared startled by the additional news. “Goblins and humans working together.” The Mage said. “I have never heard of such a thing.”
“Yes, it is extremely odd. If I had to venture a guess, I would say that the humans are probably Arans from one of the clans.” Valen said, offering the last piece of the puzzle. “Probably either the Juns or from the Brazen Horde.” He had a lot of experience dealing with the Juns, having run into them on more than one occasion.
It only took Airrak a minute to make the connection. “It would seem that someone or something is moving amongst the Goblins and the Arans, recruiting them to their cause.” His expression was grim. “I will give you one guess who they are working for.”
None of the immortals needed to answer that, for they all knew exactly who he was referring to. The master of all evil, Arrôz himself.
“Well, we had better mount up and get on our way.” Szarzekk said. “They are still about ten miles behind us.”
“We better figure out a way to increase the distance.” Valen said as he and the others mounted their horses. “Or some way to avoid them altogether.” 

†

Two hours later, even after some hard riding they, unfortunately, had not succeeded in widening the distance between them and their pursuers. In fact, it appeared as if they had closed the margin some. The demigods called a temporarily halt. They were still beside the river at a location near a small waterfall flowing into the river below from about twenty feet up. Lined on both sides of the fifteen foot wide path was numerous trees and other greenery, the whole scene was incredibly pastoral, filled with tall grass, flowers, and various plant life.
Airrak was the first to notice what appeared to be a cave behind the waterfall and immediately, he quickly formulated a plan in his mind.
“We are never going to lose them.” Valen said. “It is as if someone or something is guiding them.”
Szarzekk could not help but agree with him. He scanned around. “I hate to say it but I think you are correct. We should have lost them when we hit all this greenery.”
“And the path we are on only started about a mile or two back.” Sir Tavannos added. “It would be next to impossible to follow our trail without some kind of guidance.”
“Well then, what do we do?” Szarzekk asked. “At this rate they will catch up with us eventually. They have closed the gap some already.” He looked at Sir Tavannos and Valen, hoping for suggestions. “And we will not be able to keep track of them once they reach all of this foliage. I am already having trouble keeping an eye out through all of these trees.”
The three warriors stared at one another, each one shaking his head and shrugging. “Alright.” Valen said. “Obviously we cannot fight them openly.”
“Obviously.” Said Tavannos, rolling his eyes. “We would never stand a chance against four hundred plus.”
Airrak, who had been quiet up to that point, suddenly said, “I have it!” His statement startled the others, who peered at him, waiting for him to elaborate. Seeing this, he continued. “We need to get us and our horses into the cave behind the waterfall.”
Valen gave a slight laugh. “You cannot be serious! Trap ourselves within such a confined space! Ridiculous!”
Szarzekk appeared to agree with the Warrior, for he looked at the Mage questioningly as well. Sir Tavannos, knowing his friend better than the others, put his hand on his chin as if in thought.
Airrak appeared a bit irritated by the interruption before he had a chance to finish explaining his plan. He held his hand up. “Let me finish.” He paused a moment, seeing that he had their attention. “We get us and our mounts in the cave. Then I will conjure a spell which will hide the fact that there even is a cave. It will just appear like a waterfall.”
They gazed at him incredulously. “You can do that?” Valen asked.
“Most certainly.” Airrak said matter of factly. “It is just a simple illusion.” Szarzekk and Valen both peered at him intently while Tavannos seemed lost in thought. “Alright, it is a bit larger than any illusion I have ever conjured before but I am confident I can do it.” When his comrades still appeared unconvinced, Airrak added, “What other option do we have?”
“None.” Sir Tavannos answered, after having been quiet up to that point. “We have no other option or choice for that matter.”
“Oh Lords above.” Valen muttered while shaking his head. He glanced at Szarzekk to see how he felt about it.
The Undead Warrior caught his look. “I do not see any other option either. We have to give it a try.”
“And if unsuccessful then that will be it, huh?” Valen said, scratching his head. After a second or two, he relented. “Very well, everyone into the cave. Just hope it is large enough for us and these big beasts.”
With that, they all started making their way into the cave. Fortunately, the river at the base of the waterfall was only about three to four feet deep, so their plan was to just ride their horses up to the cave and have the mounts make the small one to two foot jump into it.
“I guess we are all going to get very, very wet.” Valen remarked, somewhat irritated. “This had better be worth it.”
“What difference does it make?” Szarzekk asked. “If it does not, then we will all be dead… well, the four of you will be.”
Valen did a doubletake as the Undead Warrior trotted by on his mount. Shaking his head, he followed behind.
It took a few minutes, their having had some difficulty in getting the horses to do what they wanted but eventually they were all inside the cave which turned out to be larger than it appeared from the outside. The cave was approximately forty feet deep into the hillside and twenty feet wide at its widest point. The back of it was split by a rock wall down fairly close to the center, separating the back half of the cave into two chambers. They tethered the horses in the left hand side, storing their gear in the right.
Tarakis stayed unconscious as they laid him down on his bedroll. There had been little change in his condition but he was still hanging on. Airrak used a quick spell to start a small fire so that they could dry off some, for there was no firewood in the cave and they would have a difficult time bringing wood in while keeping it dry, so the small magical fire would have to suffice. The cave was incredibly damp and dripped water throughout and since they had decided to spend the night in there, they would need all the warmth they could get.
“How long will you be able to maintain this illusion, Airrak?” Szarzekk spoke up.
It was an excellent question which none of them had thought to ask until then. Airrak looked up from tending to Tarakis to find his three companions staring at him. He took a moment in thought before clearing his throat. “About a half an hour… give or take.”
“Give or take what?” Valen asked. “It is kind of critical that we know how long we have.”
Airrak appeared a touch irritated. “Give or take whether I am allowed to concentrate on it without any interruptions.” His eyes volleyed between them. “Plan on a solid thirty minutes.”
Sir Tavannos rubbed his chin in thought. “That should be long enough.” Valen stared at him as if he were unconvinced. “I mean, if they do not suspect anything they should all pass within half that time."
Valen still remained doubtful, preparing himself for the worst while Szarzekk said, “I will go and cover up our tracks as best as I can.” He turned to address Airrak. “I will keep watch and try to give you as much warning of their approach as possible.”
“Hold a moment.” The Mage replied. “You should take two of the horses and instead of covering our tracks, make it appear as if we continued ahead down the path.”
Szarzekk could see where he was going with his suggestion. He nodded in understanding. “Then, I will make it look as if we left the path, hence the lack of more prints.” He looked at the Mage, who signified he was on the right track. “Got it.” He said as he went and gathered a couple of the horses.
“That was a good idea.” Valen voiced.
“I will go and help him.” Sir Tavannos stated. “It will go quicker with the two of us.” Having said that, he headed out to assist the Undead Warrior.

†

Twenty minutes later, Sir Tavannos returned leading the horses. “Still no sign of them. Szarzekk is keeping a lookout.”
For the time being, the three of them sat and waited while Airrak tended to Tarakis, administering him another dose of anti-toxin.
Szarzekk came running hurriedly back into the cave within a half an hour. “They are coming. They will, hopefully, be passing us in another ten minutes or so.”
Airrak stood ready, knowing exactly what needed to be done. He peered around at the others who were watching him intently. “Everyone needs to be as quiet as possible. The sound of the waterfall should mask any sounds we make but no point in taking chances.” His companions nodded their understanding. The Mage then moved to the caves entrance but turned around one last time to add, “And whatever you do, do not disturb my concentration. I will maintain the illusion for as long as I can, at least thirty minutes to give them time to pass as far away from us as possible.”
Sir Tavannos took a step forward. “Do not worry, my friend, I will keep watch over you.”
Airrak nodded his thanks, then began his conjuration. He started making the hand gestures, bringing his magic into fruition. After a few moments of doing this, he uttered the language of the Gods, “Procidatt deceptionem!” The entrance to the cave suddenly covered from left to right and top to bottom with a shimmering glow while Airrak stayed focused and concentrated on holding it there.
They watched the Mage go through the process and when he completed it, Valen leaned over to Szarzekk. “It looks like we will not be able to see out.” He whispered.
“That is the downside.” Sir Tavannos whispered, having heard him. “On this side of the illusion we see this, while those the illusion is directed at see the desired result.” He paused a second. “I have seen him use this particular spell before.” He then turned back to Airrak, watching over him.
“What about sound?” Valen asked the Knight. “Will sound penetrate the spell both ways?”
Tavannos thought for a moment. “Yes, however, the sound of the waterfall will make hearing anything difficult.” He replied without turning away from Airrak.
“I suppose we will just have to hope that they have all passed by before it ends.” Szarzekk said, unable to think of anything else.
Valen, though definitely not happy with the news, was forced to agree. “What choice do we have?” He and Szarzekk took up kneeling positions as close to the shimmery illusional wall as they could, hoping to hear anything possible.
Just minutes later, the two of them could barely make out scattered horse whinnies, proof that their enemies were nearby. For the next twenty minutes, they heard assorted loud noises until there was only silence, with the exception of the water. They continued listening, though after another fifteen minutes or so, the shimmering illusional wall slowly dissipated out of existence.
Having reached the limit of his concentration, Airrak fell to his knees, letting out an exhausted sigh. Sir Tavannos was there to catch the Mage before he dropped all the way to the ground. “Easy, my friend.” The Knight said as he held his longtime friend, kneeling next to him.
Airrak looked up at him, drained of energy. “Must rest.” He very quietly said before suddenly drifting into unconsciousness.
Tavannos glanced at his other comrades. “Help me move him to his bedroll.”
Valen immediately moved to assist and moments later they had the Mage lying beside the magical fire near Tarakis.
Meanwhile, Szarzekk remained knelt by the cave entrance. He stared out through the water, trying to determine if there was anyone or anything out there, on or near the path. It was difficult to make out anything, as the water blurred and distorted everything but it seemed like their foes had all passed.
Soon, Valen rejoined Szarzekk, looking out. “See anything?”
The Undead Warrior shrugged. “Nothing in particular but it is extremely difficult to perceive anything which may be out there.” He paused a moment. “It does not appear like it though.”
Valen was thoughtful before he turned, peering over his shoulder, and noticing that Sir Tavannos knelt beside the unconscious Mage. He turned his attention back to staring out through the waterfall. “Let us give it awhile yet, just to be sure. The Mage is not in shape for a fight at this time and if it comes to that we will need him.” Szarzekk nodded his agreement.
The demigods waited another thirty minutes or so, which by that time Airrak regained consciousness as well as some of his strength. Unfortunately, Tarakis was still in the same condition, though at least he had not gotten any worse, or so it seemed. Sir Tavannos stepped over to the entrance, finding the other two gazing out, trying to decide their next actions.
“What is the situation?” The Knight asked.
“We were actually just discussing that.” Valen replied. “I think it has been long enough, they all should have most definitely passed by this time.”
Szarzekk nodded his concurrence with his statement. “I agree. One of us should step out and scout the area, but whoever that is, needs to be as stealthy as possibly, just in case.”
Valen’s eyes drifted over to where Tarakis lay and he thought to himself, I never thought I would wish he were awake and aware.
Sir Tavannos noticed the look he gave the Rogue. He smiled slightly. “Yes, I agree. It would be a good thing if we could send him out there but that is not an option.”
“I will go.” Szarzekk said without any emotion in his hollow voice, causing his two companions to stare at him, Valen even cocking his head to one side. “I believe that of the three of us, I would be the most quiet.”
The notion seemed absurd dressed in his full armor as he was and carrying veritable arsenal of deadly, heavy weapons. However, Valen was forced to agree since he was undead and they had a reputation for being able to make less of a disturbance than others. “Very well.” The Warrior said. “You know what to do and what to look for.”
“Indeed I do.” Szarzekk voiced as he readied himself to head out. At the last second, he turned back. “I will return shortly.”
As he stepped out, the others could partially see him, although severely blurred through the water, until he went too far away from them to discern. After they lost sight of him, there was nothing more they could do but wait.
The Undead Warrior returned after perhaps twenty minutes. He stepped through the waterfall, shaking off as much of the water as he could. “No sign of them at all, except for numerous hoof and paw prints.” Valen appeared relieved by his statement while Tavannos let out a deep breath. “I also went up the path to where we led the horses off and it appears they completely believed our ruse.” Szarzekk added for good measure.
“Excellent.” Valen exclaimed, causing Sir Tavannos to show a quick smile. Even Airrak gave his comrades a grin from where he sat near the fire. “I suggest we take some rest for the night. And let them put some distance between us.”
His companions readily agreed and settled in for the night. Of course, they still maintained one of them on watch throughout the night but the immortals all managed to get some much needed rest, as they had been fighting and riding hard since they had departed The Venture.

CHAPTER
22

The storm finally broke mid-morning the next day. The companions stepped from the dark cave, noticing first a deep green valley with a clear running river standing before them. Small clusters of mountains spread throughout the distance and an eerie silence swept over the unusual land.
Xilton gasped at the sight before her, for it was really quite breathtaking.
Darius stepped out pulling Makaelah along with him, practically cursing under his breath, though she was no less angry. After they had been bound together, the two of them tried for over an hour to get free of the binding, but its substance was solid and would not budge. With the lighting in the cave being so dim, having one of their companions strike it with a sword was out of the question.
Makaelah dropped her pack and stretched out her wings. Darius immediately dove to the ground out of the way, his wrist dangling from the binding attached to her. She cast a gaze down at him while he lay glaring up at her. “Apologies.” She said with a touch of humor in her metallic golden eyes.
Darius blew out a breath. “Kai’las... strike this bloody thing off!” He rose from the ground and scanned around. “Here.” He said, dragging the Celeyian along with him to a large rock. He placed the length of the binding over the rock.
Kai’las grinned. “I am honored you trust me enough not to maim you.”
“Just strike in the center.” Darius instructed. Kai’las started to unsheathe Glimmer and the Warrior raised his free hand, adding, “And... do not call on the magic of the sword... please.”
Kai’las nodded. He struck true in the center of the rubbery substance but nothing happened. The three of them leaned in close to inspect, seeing that there was not even a tiny cut it. Kai’las struck it a second time and still, the binding did not come apart. They finally gave up after his fourth attempt. The Fae seemed to think it was humorous but Makaelah and Darius saw nothing amusing about it. 
Shadowhawk even had a small grin on her face. She turned and faced one of the valleys running between the clump of small mountains, an eight-foot wide river running beside it. “The water runs clear.”
Makaelah moved to have a look, pulling Darius behind her. “Woman!” He growled. “A warning would be appreciated.”
“I will give you warning before I take to the sky.” She said, shooting him a sly grin before turning back. Darius narrowed his eyes while the blood drained slowly from his face.
Kai’las laughed outright and shifted in front of them. “Alright you two.” He turned to the Seraph. “Makaelah, you cannot be flying at this time. Well… you can but it would not be wise and I would not recommend it.” He heard a low growl come from the Warrior, who he then turned to. “And Darius. Calm your anger. Actually… the both of you need to work on that. Whether you accept it or not, you are bound together.” He turned his head and snickered, collected himself, then turned back. “For the moment at least. Though we still all have to work together… so… work at getting along.” Kai’las flung his pack over his shoulder and stepped off toward the valley, leaving the two of them glowering.
“Agreed.” Xilton replied, following behind him.
Shadowhawk tilted her head, glancing at the both of them with humor in her elven eyes. “For once I agree with the Fae.” Her eyes fell on the Warrior’s bound right wrist. “At least you are skilled using your left hand as well.” She strode away, light on her feet.
Darius scrubbed a hand down his face. “Blazing pits.” He mumbled and started off, tugging on Makaelah’s arm, although she would not budge. Darius took a deep breath and smiled grimly. “Forgive me. After you.” The Seraph gave a short nod and moved forward.
The river valley had a curved slope, making their travel manageable. The same deep green grass grew throughout, woven with flowers of every color imaginable. Crimson red trees blossomed with dainty pink and white flowers scattered along the valley floor and hundreds of birds of various colors flew from one end to the other.
“Do you think the water is drinkable?” Xilton asked no one in particular while gazing at the clear river.
“Let us find out.” Kai’las replied, putting a handful of water to his lips as his companions protested. “Yes. I believe it is.” Shadowhawk gave him a sideways glance. “What? Are you going to call me a fool once again, D’ae Feon?” A small smile tugged at his mouth. The Elf shook her head and dipped her waterskin in the river, letting it fill up.
“Would you give me a moment, please.” Makaelah snapped at Darius. The two of them appeared to be having a trying time while they both tried to access their travelers packs. Darius stopped what he was doing, allowing the Seraph a moment to get her waterskin out, all the while speaking angrily in Celeyian.
“Allow me.” Kai’las said, taking her waterskin to fill.
“Oh, sure.” Darius growled, his teeth clenched. “How thoughtful of you, Kai’las.” He bowed his head, rummaging through his own pack while cursing under his breath. 
Kai’las’ lips twitched as he tried to suppress a smile. He handed Makaelah her full waterskin and turned to the Warrior. “Would you like for me to fill yours as well?”
“No, thank you. I will handle it myself.” He replied, dragging Makaelah to the edge of the river. He dipped his waterskin in, attempting to fill it.
“Very well.” Kai’las responded and stepped aside. He shifted away, sitting down beside Xilton underneath one of the crimson trees, listening to the birds chirping as they flew about. It was the only sounds they heard until Darius and Makaelah started up again at the riverbed just moments later.
“I have got it!” Darius growled. “Bloody Faustus, woman! Stop wrenching about!”
“Stop calling me woman!” 
“It is what you are, is it not?” He griped.
“I am Celeyian. It is not the proper term.” Makaelah sneered, eyes flaming.
“Oh, forgive me for not speaking properly.” Darius growled, then suddenly, they were both lying face down in the river. Kai’las was instantly at their sides, his shoulders shaking with laughter as he offered to help them both up from the river. “I am glad you find this so amusing.” Darius remarked while glaring up at him. He glanced at Xilton, who was also laughing, trying to hide it with a hand over her mouth. Even Shadowhawk let out a small chuckle.
Makaelah sat across from him dripping water. Their eyes met and held for several seconds before Darius had to turn away when his mouth began twitching as his tried to suppress a grin.
After Makaelah and Darius had dried off somewhat, the companions set off once again through the river valley. The bound two did not speak much after the incident, though they did not stop casting one another angry sideway glances here and there.
It took a good part of the day to walk through the valley and the demigods could see more of the strange countryside in the distance beyond. A hundred yards or so before the valley ended, Kai’las halted, his head tilted to the side while listening.
Darius sighed, exasperatedly. “What now?” 
Kai’las disappeared, reappearing moments later, his iridescent eyes glowing exceptionally. “There are lifeforms ahead. Humanoid, but... not.”
“Perhaps they are friendly.” Xilton uttered.
His grimace resembled somewhat of a smile. “They are not friendly, my dear. Their emotions drip nothing but hatred when they looked upon me. Although, I did not plan on appearing directly in front of them. Perhaps I startled them.”
“How many?” Darius asked, then added, “What were they up to?”
“They appeared to be traveling across the countryside. Perhaps ten to fifteen in number.”
“And you are certain they were not human.” The Warrior replied.
“Absolutely.” Kai’las answered. “Not only do they not smell human but I sensed no human emotions from them. And there is no avoiding them. We will run directly into their path as we exit this valley.”
Darius looked down at Makaelah, then further down at their bound wrists. “How are we to do this?” He grumbled.
“Carefully and with precision.” She coldly replied. 
Darius narrowed his eyes at her answer. He turned, addressing the rest of them. “Approach with caution. No weapons drawn as of yet. Strike only if hostile.” He eyed Makaelah from the side and said, “Watch the wings.”
Her eyes sparked with tiny flames. “YOU watch the wings.”
The immortals trailed through the tail end of the valley with cautious steps, taking their time. Deep green countryside opened beyond where the river continued flowing through and further in the distance, high mountains enclosed around them. 
The human-like forms Kai’las had spoken of were dipping their hands in the river not forty yards from them. From what the companions could see, they counted twelve of them and they appeared to be all male, for they were tall and muscular with deep bronze skin and long faces with piercing orange eyes. None had any hair to speak of and they wore no armor, only a loincloth across their groin area, each carrying a four-foot shaft with a metal spearhead at each end, sharpened to a deadly point. They all looked up when the demigods came into view, taking a defensive stance with spears drawn, angrily speaking an alien language.
“What would you wish to do?” Kai’las asked his companions, not turning his eyes away from the humanoid creatures. 
“You cannot understand them?” Darius asked.
Kai’las shot him a look of annoyance. “I clearly speak five languages, Fae, Common, Elven, Dwarven and Goblinoid. A small portion of Devilkind and a smidgen of Demonkind... although, that is very little.” He sighed. “So, no. I do not speak gibberish.”
Darius frowned in confusion. “You speak Goblinoid?... Why?”
Kai’las did a doubletake. “We are going to speak of this now?”
In that moment, a double-edged spear grazed the side of the Warrior’s thigh and he grunted in pain. “Perhaps later.” He said to Kai’las through clenched teeth and immediately unsheathed Silencer. Darius had just enough time to glance to his right, noticing Makaelah had drawn her sword as well before they rushed to meet the enemy. 
Two of the savages circled Kai’las as he unsheathed Glimmer, calling on the magic of the blade to assist him. The Fae prayed it would not fail him, as it never had before. He blocked a downward swing of a spear and kicked the one on his left in the gut, sending him stumbling back several feet. His other opponent rushed him and Kai’las jumped over the deadly weapon, the spearhead grazing the bottom of his boot. Glimmer went up and around, striking the spear from the savages hands. He then reversed and ran the Blade of Light through the enemy’s face, lightning crackled, shooting through. Kai’las immediately pulled Glimmer back, turned halfway and thrust the blade out and through the chest of the one remaining. He kept going, moving in a blur of light.
Xilton blocked with a knee and kicked out but her opponent had grabbed ahold of her leg at the last instant and she hit the ground hard. As a spear shot down, she spun away, rolling a few times. She jumped up, hitting him with a jumping front kick, the enhanced strength of her anklets sending him flying. Another savage thrust his spear out as she moved to perform a front sweep, taking his legs out from under him and disarming him of his spear as she did, but the Monk had taken a deep cut to her shoulder. Though weaponless, her opponent was immediately on his feet rushing her with a hellish fury and slamming her to the ground. Xilton carried out a series of furious punches to her enemy’s gut, her strength and speed heightened from the magical bracers. She only stopped when the weight of the savage crushed her as he slumped atop of her. 
One enemy lay dead at Shadowhawk’s feet and deep gashes were clearly visible in her leather armor. She approached another as he pressed forward with his double-edged spear, Quar Re separating from her in an instant. The bear leaped over her and onto an enemy, tearing into it while the Elf slammed the spear aside and moved away, her sword arcing in a blurring motion and coming back around to slice through the savages middle. He grunted in pain, doubling over and the bear rushed him, letting out an enormous growl before locking its huge jaws down on the savages throat. Shadowhawk turned as another came upon her from the side. She moved ahead, her blade moving with deadly speed. She blocked a spear thrust and spun her sword, taking off the savages head in a single swipe.
The fight was a challenge for Makaelah and Darius who did their best to work together being bound as they were. At once, two enemies were upon them, deadly spears lunging out. Darius blocked one with a turn of his sword, then turned to strike the other hard on the head with the swords hilt. “Drop.” Makaelah quietly demanded and the Warrior immediately dropped to the ground when her wings shot out, sending both the savages flying through the air. As he stood, another opponent was already in place. His spear plunged out, piercing the Warrior’s side. Darius howled in agony and stumbled back a step, dropping Silencer as the savage drew back his spear. Flames lit up in Makaelah’s eyes as she struck the spear from the enemy’s hands, breaking it in two. She finished with a downward swing from Erathyl through the middle, nearly slicing him in half. Makaelah fixed Darius with a look when a spear passed by, opening a deep cut on the Celeyian’s cheek. Her eyes turned and met the enemy’s eyes that had thrown it and without thought, she angrily threw her sword, missing the savage by mere millimeters. He rushed at her with fury in his eyes. Darius side-stepped and groaned in pain as he took the opponents feet out from under him, causing the savage to fall on the rubbery substance binding him to the Seraph. Darius and Makaelah exchanged a brief look before pulling taut the binding, strangling the enemy, then dropping him to the ground.
When the fight had ended, the companions retreated back to the tail end of the river valley, seeking shelter under a thicket of crimson trees while they tended to their wounds. As she regarded her companions, Makaelah thought Darius’ injuries were the most crucial at the moment. She knew he would heal rather quickly but if they were to continue on right away it would be best if she healed him. She asked Kai’las to help Xilton remove the Warrior’s breastplate so she could get a better view at the wound in his side.
“It is deep.” The Seraph voiced, eyeing Darius. 
He grunted. “It can wait. Assist Xilton and the Elf.”
“I think not. I will not be dragging your limp body around bound to my wrist.”
Darius laughed dryly. “You can cut my arm off if I were to expire. I give you permission to mutilate my body and free you from your binding.” She cast him a sharp glare and he turned away. “I will not be dying anytime soon. So, sorry to disappoint.”
Makaelah ignored him, pulling a blue feather from her wing. “I will need some water to clean the wound.”
“No.” Darius muttered, shifting to try and get comfortable. “Whiskey. In my pack.”
Shadowhawk was there in less than a minute, handing her the small flask of whiskey. Makaelah reached for it with her unbound hand, her eyes lingering on the deep gashes in the Elf’s armor. “I will need both hands for this.” She said to Darius, who nodded faintly. She pulled the stopper and poured some of contents over the injury, hearing the Warrior take in a sharp breath of air.
Darius’ eyes glowed white as he grabbed the flask from her hands, putting it to his mouth and taking a few long swallows. He nodded his head and Makaelah lifted the feather to her lips but stopped when she noticed the wound slowly closing on its own.
Being bound as she was, the process took a little longer so it was late in the day by the time Makaelah had healed Shadowhawk and Xilton’s wounds, costing her four of her icy blue feathers. As always, Kai’las was the only one of them who suffered no injuries, except to the bottom of one of his boots, having been shaved off by an eighth of an inch from one of the savages lethal spears.
Makaelah, not by choice, sat by Darius near the river staring up at a sky which had just started turning a darker shade of lavender. 
“You long to fly.” Kai’las said, suddenly sitting beside them.
“Yes.” She replied with a sigh.
The Fae took ahold of the binding, considering it for a moment. “If you would like, I could attempt cutting it again. Perhaps I did not strike it hard enough.”
“No. You struck at it four times.” Darius responded, a touch too sharply. “I suspect if it was going to break, it would have done so with one of those strikes.” He glanced over at Xilton and Shadowhawk lounging underneath one of the large red trees. They appeared exhausted. He turned to Kai’las. “You may have to take to the sky. We need some direction.”
The Fae exchanged a somber look with Makaelah, for he knew how much she longed to stretch her wings. He took a deep breath. “Very well.” Kai’las gave the Seraph a warm smile and kissed her lightly on the cheek. “I will return shortly.” He came to his feet and shot into the air in the next instant with his gleaming amber wings shooting forth from his back.

†

It was before dawn when the Warrior awoke, startled with Kai’las leaning over him, his strange alien eyes glowing with a prism of colors. Darius could see his wings folded at the Fae’s back, which told him that he had just recently returned. 
“Kai’las.” He murmured sleepily, bringing his hand up to run it through his hair, it slipping his mind that he was still bound to Makaelah until he heard a low sneer come from beside him.
Humor was in his tone when Kai’las replied, “I can see everything here is as it was before I left.”
“Nothing has changed.” Makaelah coldly responded.
“Well, this should brighten your day...” Kai’las said. Standing straight, he turned from them, his wings instantly vanishing. “I have news.” He pointed off into the distance. “Do you see the mountain which is level at the crown? At the top of that mountain is our destination.”
“You have found the Caves of Jaeron.” Xilton said from behind, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
“What makes you so certain it is the entrance?” Shadowhawk asked. Having been in quiet meditation, she wandered over after hearing the Monk’s footfalls.
Kai’las cast his eyes upon the Elf. “After all this time, D’ae Feon, why do you still doubt me?” He sighed and looked out at the mountains, directing his words at all of his companions. “Just flying near it, I could see there was an opening at the top, further back from a wide ledge. I set down and peered in. From what I could see, it goes further into the mountain. The power emitting from within is immense.”
Darius took a deep breath and once again regarded the mountain far in the distance. “Climbing that mountain will be no easy feat.” He considered the binding holding him and Makaelah together. “Especially with this.” He said, gesturing at it.
“I have been pondering your predicament.” Kai’las voiced.
Darius laughed dryly. “Our predicament? You are implying the predicament caused by your powers going awry?”
Kai’las’ intense eyes narrowed. “I assure you, it was my intention only to help. Not to cause further disturbance.”
“Of course, Kai’las. We are aware of this.” Makaelah said with a kind smile. “Captain Varen is just too arrogant to see otherwise.” She added, hearing a sharp intake of air come from the Warrior. “Please, tell us what your thoughts are.”
“Yes, as I was saying… I have been thinking on this. We have attempted to cut it off.” His eyes shot between the two of them. “But we have not attempted to burn it off.”
Darius and Makaelah exchanged a glance and stood at once. “Do it!” The both of them replied with a touch of impatience.
“Very well. If you would just hold still a moment.” Kai’las raised a hand and a stream of purplish-blue flames shot forth directly onto the center of the binding where he held it there.
“Nothing is happening.” Makaelah uttered.
“Patience.” Kai’las quietly responded.
Several long moments later, when still nothing had occurred, Darius growled low. “It is useless. The Gods have cursed me to be bound with her for life.” Makaelah’s eyes instantly sprouted with flames of anger.
“My friends…” Kai’las voiced. “Be still and have a look.” Wisps of smoke began rising from the rubbery substance and the gray binding started to bubble and melt as the magical flames ate away at it.
To Darius’ surprise, within minutes all that was left of the binding that had once bound him with the Celeyian was lying in a gray puddle on the green valley grass. He immediately rubbed his right wrist and gave Kai’las a grateful nod of his head when something struck him hard, right on the side of his jaw. Darius turned and rubbed his throbbing jaw as he looked upon Makaelah’s flaming eyes.
“Consider that a curse from the Gods as well.” She growled and stormed away.
Kai’las erupted with laughter and the Warrior turned his angry glare upon him. He cleared his throat and mumbled, “Well, it was rather funny,” before immediately shifting out.

†

The immortals had their sights set on the flat-topped mountain in the distance, determined to reach it before dark. The deep green countryside was unbroken but dipped and sloped at various points and the air was cooler than it had been in the river valley.
“I had hoped you would have used your time bound to Makaelah more wisely.” Kai’las said to Darius as they stepped alongside of each other. “You and her need to find peace with one another.”
Darius narrowed his ice blue eyes. “Peace? We will never find peace. My brother is dead because of an order she gave.”
Kai’las’ intense eyes glowed. He breathed deeply and shook his head. “Your arrogance surprises me at times.” A low growl came from the Warrior at his comment. “Tell me, what have you learnt of Makaelah in this short amount of time since you have known her? Do you honestly believe she would not have sent help to your people had she could?”
Darius frowned. “What are you saying?”
The Fae stared at him for several moments. “I have said more than I should.”
“I was there, Kai’las. No help came.”
“Yes, unfortunately, that was the outcome.”
Darius grabbed ahold of his arm, pulling Kai’las to a stop and his eyes seem to glow even more so. “Tell me. Please.”
Kai’las glared at the Warrior but when he saw the urgency in his eyes, it calmed his anger. He sighed deeply and peered up in the sky, seeing Makaelah in the distance. “I should not have said what I did. My words were out of anger. It is true, there is more to your story but it is just that, your story... and hers.” He gestured toward Makaelah, saying no more about it.
Darius was thoughtful for some time when something began nagging at him. “Wait a minute. What was it you said before?”
“Hmm?” Kai’las muttered. “You will have to be more specific.”
Darius spoke his words slowly while he eyed him from the side. “You said you had hoped I would have used my time bound to Makaelah more wisely.” He paused a moment, frowning. “Was the binding truly caused by a mishap of your powers going awry or was it done on purpose?”
Kai’las’ eyes showed humor and his lips tipped up on one side. “Why would I direct such torment upon you?” He replied and shifted away, reappearing further up where Xilton walked with Shadowhawk. 
“Wait.” He heard Darius shout. “That was not an answer!” Kai’las chose to ignore him, for it was the only answer the Warrior would ever receive from him on the subject.

†

Even though traveling most of the day brought the demigods closer to their destination, they still had a good distance to travel and were beginning to worry if they would make it before darkness set in. They saw no other signs of life throughout the day, though the companions knew there were still lifeforms out there somewhere.
“We are very close.” Makaelah said when she landed to rest her wings.
Darius nodded, then turned to regard Xilton and Shadowhawk. “We can rest here briefly.” He dropped his pack and sat down on the green grass.
“Is it wise to stop at this point?” Shadowhawk asked, anxious to make it to the mountain before darkness set in.
“I believe so.” Makaelah responded. “We will make it before nightfall at the pace we have set.”
“That is easy for you to say, when you have wings.” Shadowhawk mumbled, taking a swig from her waterskin.
“Have you all been trained with climbing?” The Celeyian asked no one in particular, ignoring the Elf’s comment.
Xilton laughed, choking on some water while it was Darius who answered, “I have climbed before, but it has been years. Though I imagine it will all come back to me.”
“I have no reason to climb.” Kai’las remarked. “Obviously.”
Xilton was thoughtful before she said, “Could you actually shift to the mountaintop right now, Kai’las?”
“My dear, I can shift wherever I like.” He replied with a grin. “But what fun would that be? I would be sitting there alone for who knows how long waiting on you. I may miss something.” 
“What do you mean you can shift wherever you like?” 
“What do you mean, what do I mean?”
Xilton scratched her head. “Are you saying you can go anywhere? In the entire multiverse?”
“Yes.” Kai’las gave a wry grin. “Though I cannot take you with me, so do not ask. Fae are only able to shift other Fae.”
Darius frowned. “This has to be difficult for you, all this walking you have done when you have the ability to shift or even fly wherever you like.”
“Not at all. I am immortal and nearly three millennia’s old, doing a little walking will not kill me.”
The demigods carried on with their trek while hastening their footfalls and finally making it to the base of the mountain by the time the sky turned a deep purple. 
Darius stood gazing up with his brows furrowed. “I am concerned it will take us half a day alone just to ascend this beast.” He turned, searching the area surrounding them. “We need to find a proper place to lay camp and rise early.”
“This area would be perfect.” Xilton responded. “Unless we were to receive unwelcome visitors.”
Darius nodded. “My thoughts exactly, though other locations may find us too much in the open.” He pinned the others with a glance. “Any of you have thoughts?”
“There is a grouping of trees a few hundred yards north.” Makaelah said. “Though I did not get close enough to it. I will fly over there and have a look.”
Darius quickly shook his head, denying her offer immediately. “No, it is becoming dark too quickly. I would not take unnecessary risks.” He replied sharply, causing Makaelah to take a deep agitated breath and turn away.
“I could take a look around. See if I can spot any sort of tracks.” Kai’las offered, having seen the irritation come over Makaelah.
“Hmm, are you a Ranger now?” Shadowhawk coldly asked. “I highly doubt you would know what to search for.”
The Fae raised his hand. “Calm yourself frosty. I was only trying to make myself useful and help.”
“If you would like to help then come with me and help. I will show you how it is done.” Kai’las raised his eyebrows while smiling mischievously and Shadowhawk crossed her arms, her eyes narrowed. “Why do you look at me like this?”
“Obviously, you do not realize what you have just offered me.”
After she realized what she had just said, Shadowhawk’s face turned a slight shade of red. “How to scout. I will show you how to scout.” She corrected herself, then hissed loudly in disgust.
Kai’las tapped his chin in thought. “Being the Prince of the Seelie, I have had many offers, as you can imagine.” He said, having decided he enjoyed watching the Elf’s face grow red from embarrassment. “Though I must say, I have never had an offer such as this. Very well, D’ae Feon, I will accompany you and let you ‘show me how it is done’.” Kai’las held his hand out. “After you.”
Shadowhawk shook her head and stormed past him, griping words in the elven tongue and even with the purplish hue cast from the darkening sky, her companions could still see the red in her cheeks.
Xilton felt tension between her two remaining companions and moved about thirty paces away from them where a few trees stood, sitting down at the base of one. She opened up her pack and began snacking on some trail rations while waiting for Shadowhawk and Kai’las to return.
Darius could sense agitation radiating from Makaelah. He turned to avoid her, but the Celeyian grabbed ahold of his arm, pulling him to a stop. “Explain yourself.”
“What would you like for me to explain?” He calmly asked, but she only stared at him, her golden eyes holding his own. Darius took a deep breath. “As I said... it is becoming too dark. I felt it best you stay on the ground.”
“You do not control my actions, Captain Varen. I have allowed your cruel treatment on the grounds I felt I deserved it after I had caused you such grief and pain.” Makaelah’s eyes sparked with small flames. “But know this... I will not bare much more.” 
Darius’ ice blue eyes bore into hers for a moment while he tried to decide which way he wanted to go with the conversation. When he finally spoke, his words surprised Makaelah. “What were your orders?”
She frowned, confused at first, but then she understood what he was asking. “I already told you, I was at fault. Why would you want to speak of this again?”
“I want to know what happened.”
Makaelah’s eyes narrowed. “It does not matter.”
Darius cleared his throat. “Someone led me to believe there is a lot more to this story. You need to tell me.”
Makaelah regarded the direction Kai’las left with the Elf and her nostrils flared as she took in a sharp breath. “As I said… I am to blame. Do not ask me again.” She walked away.
He followed right behind. “I do not believe you.”
“Well, that is your choice to not believe me.”
Darius pulled her to a stop. “Why are you so stubborn?” He growled. “Tell me the truth. What were your orders?”
Makaelah turned around, her body tense. “Fine!” She began speaking slowly as if every word hurt. “I heard your King’s prayer for assistance. I had my finest soldiers standing ready. One thousand of them. Just before they entered the portal, my Ambassador cancelled my orders. She stated...”
“It was not Celeya’s battle.” Darius said softly, finishing her sentence. “Why did you not tell me?”
“I am still a Celeyian. I am the commanding officer. Would it have made any difference?”
“Yes.” Darius said, his eyes softening. “I think perhaps it would have.” He swallowed hard, shaking his head. “Do you not understand, Makaelah? At least this tells me you made an attempt. You tried.” Their conversation was suddenly interrupted by a loud bestial screech echoing off in the distance, the intensity of it startling them.
Kai’las returned then with Shadowhawk, both out of breath. “I assume you all heard that.” He said, bending over with his hands on his knees trying to catch his breath. “Moments like this is when I would chose to shift, though I did not wish to leave D’ae Feon out there with these beasts running about.”
“Thanks for that.” The Elf grumbled.
“Beasts?” Xilton asked with wide eyes.
“Yes. I think we found those hairy little creatures Makaelah encountered. Or, I should say they found us.” Kai’las glanced back and forth between the Seraph and Darius, knowing something had occurred with the two of them, though he sensed that neither of them were angry.
“How far away?” Makaelah asked.
“A few hundred yards perhaps.” Shadowhawk answered. “Fifty to sixty of them, from what we could see. They are headed straight toward us.”
Darius scanned around. The mountain behind jutted out on the sides, creating a cove around them. “First off, we need to get out of here away from the mountain. It will take us out in the open, but it sounds as if they already know we are here anyways. I do not like the thought of us getting trapped in here.”
The half-Gods moved out, away from the mountainside, taking them out in the open and exposing them. Screeches and bestial growls echoed throughout the countryside, letting them know the creatures were closing in and wasting no time in getting there. The companions drew their weapons as the first few creatures came into view, running towards them on four legs while their two arms wielded various small bows and short swords. Their small beady eyes were full of rage as they came at them, racing at great speeds.
“I can attempt to slow them down.” Kai’las said, raising his hands. Thunder rumbled throughout the purple sky as streaks of bright blue lightning branched out across it. Multiple bolts began shooting down on the onrushing creatures, striking several of them and slowing many of the others as they screeched and moved out of the way of the deadly missiles of lightning.
Shadowhawk sprang forward, gliding on her feet while unloading arrow after arrow into the crude beasts. As the creatures came closer, she twisted in midair and rolled away while switching her bow for her sword and coming back up on her feet in one smooth motion. Her sword went down in a swinging cut, dropping two of the beasts at once. An oncoming arrow rushed towards her, Shadowhawk sidestepped it and lunged backwards, thrusting her blade into the gut of another creature. She barely had time to take the next breath when she had two come at her on each side and one behind. Quar Re came forth and immediately rushed at the one behind her while she moved swiftly, kicking dirt into the face of another, temporarily blinding it while she spun on the other with a vertical cut slicing up through its middle. She heard her bear let out a loud roar just before it jumped onto the creature she had momentarily disabled with the dirt. It barely had time to let out a shriek before the bear silenced it.
Makaelah made a downward strike of Erathyl, slashing the alien creature through the shoulder and out the side. She immediately turned low, slicing the legs of the next closest one. Four creatures jumped her and she went down on one knee, flames growing in her eyes. Shooting into the air, Makaelah expanded her wings and the four creatures went flying. She could hear their screeching and screaming as they flew with fear until they dropped to the ground far in the distance. She stayed above them, beating the beasts to the ground with slicing blows of her sword before she finally sheathed it and drew her bow of light. Pulling back the string, she whispered, “Peregi”, and watched as the tip burst into purple flames as it shot through the air, the force of the arrow not only just striking through one creature, but also the other unfortunate one behind it.
Xilton jumped into the air, kicking sideways, and striking down a creature that had snuck up on her left. She spun and a double punch brought down another in front of her, immediately flipping backwards, she landed on top and straddled the beast behind her. Xilton let lose a round of punches, her enhanced strength and speed causing extraordinary damage to the creature as she beat it into a bloody pulp. As another raced towards her, she kicked out, sweeping the four legs out from under the creature before she flipped over on top of it and loosed a series of punches down upon it.
Lightning crackled through the breast of the creature and it twitched and convulsed as Kai’las drew Glimmer back. Three more came running at him and the Fae rushed to meet them. Kai’las dropped, sliding on his knees, and swiping Glimmer horizontally, slicing through the guts of all three of the creatures and dropping them instantly. He stood as four more surrounded him. Kai’las smashed his foot into one, sending it stumbling backwards before slamming his palm on another, blasting it with a burst of fire, the action burning a large, gaping hole through the creature’s chest. He set his attention on the remaining two, instantly decapitating one and stabbing the other through the neck. By that time, the first one was back on its feet and moving towards him with a fury in its eyes. The Fae sighed and narrowed his eyes. He gave a soft wave of his hand and thunder rumbled. A bright purple bolt of lightning shot down from the sky, impaling the creature. Kai’las’ head angled to the side as he curiously considered the purple bolt, mumbling, “Hmm… that is different.”
Darius’ eyes glowed white as he spun with fury, slicing off heads and limbs from the velocity of his attacks. He spun in place, a flurry of blow after blow. Three creatures were flanking him. His attention cast to the one on his right, Darius slammed it in the face with the hilt of Justifier and the creature stumbled to the ground. He turned, bringing his blades up and around and slicing through the remaining two. Catching movement off to his left, the Warrior took a brief second to glance in that direction and what he saw he could scarcely believe. A large form was running toward the fight while screaming a battle cry at the top of his lungs. Darius could not see much, considering how dark it was but the man appeared to be wearing a full helmet. He jumped in, joining the battle while two others followed behind. Just then, a hit to his back got his attention and Darius quickly turned around, finding one of the hairy creatures staring at him. He could swear he saw what resembled a grin on the little beast’s face. He narrowed his eyes in anger, kicking it in the face. When it stumbled backwards but did not fall, he kicked it once more, causing the creature to drop its bow and fall to the ground. It stood back up and looked upon Darius with terror in its eyes while slowly backing up, but the Warrior gave it no time to turn and run. Raising his swords, he brought them down in a smooth motion, slicing the beast in half before he turned onto the next one.

CHAPTER
23

The half-Gods were up early the next morning, all appearing to be refreshed and rested. Tarakis had been in and out of consciousness, though mostly out for the good part of the night. After they ate a quick meal, the companions were ready and anxious to continue their journey and just a short while later, they were out of the cave and back on the path. They decided to slow the pace of their horses down some as there were two reasons for doing so, the first being, no one was pursuing them, at least that they could see. The second reason, they did not want to inadvertently come upon the very foes they went through so much trouble to avoid.
The immortals rode on for a couple of hours, the terrain giving way from trees and greenery to rolling hills with soaring mountains off in the, relatively nearby, distance. The path that they had been following had ended but Airrak still insisted that they were going the right way. There were no signs of the Arans or Goblins they had evaded. The demigods assumed the enemies had followed the false trail they had laid for them, heading off to the north.
As they came over the rise of the hill they had been traveling on, the immortals could see the landscape dotted with low rising hills for a distance of five to ten miles before it slowly began to give way to rising mountains and a river stood a short distance to their left. One thing in particular had caught their attention, appearing out of place. On the top of a low hill, about a mile away, stood something which appeared completely out of the ordinary. It looked as though there were a number of pillars sticking up from the top of the hill surrounding another object. Valen, Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos all three gazed out at it, amazed to find something of that nature out there in the middle of nowhere. Airrak, however, was not so astonished, as he knew exactly what it was. Their destination, for it was the Tumulus of Quaestio.
While the three warriors sat on their mounts gawking at what they were seeing, Airrak cleared his throat. “We are here.” He gestured to the distance. “That is what we have been searching for.”
While Tavannos stared at the Mage in amazement, Valen could not contain his skepticism. “That, whatever it is, is going to show us the way ahead?” He asked with a hint of sarcasm in his voice. Airrak nodded while not turning away from the Tumulus. Valen rolled his eyes but kept quiet, speaking no more.
The Mage sensed his uneasiness. “You will have to trust me.” He said to allay some of the Warrior’s concern before walking his horse toward the odd looking structure.
As they watched him go, Sir Tavannos moved beside Valen. “I know my friend.” The Knight said. “If he says to trust him, then we should. He has never failed before when he was so sure of something.” He nodded and followed after Airrak.
“At this point, I do not see what other option we have.” Szarzekk said. He looked out to where Sir Tavannos and the Mage were slowly moving forward. “Either we will find the portal based on the Mage’s research or we will not.” He motioned his horse ahead to join the others. “And if we do not, all is lost anyway, so we must move forward.”
Valen stared out for a few moments as the Undead Warrior moved away. “We must move forward or all is lost. Hmm.” He repeated, mumbling to himself before moving to join the others.
The comrades reached the top of the hill where the Tumulus stood, getting their first real look at it. The first thing that caught their attention was that the hill they were on did not appear to be natural. It looked to be thirty feet in diameter, or thereabouts, and was a perfectly formed mound which rose to a height of fifteen feet. What they initially thought to be pillars were actually four pylons, appearing to be ten feet tall and five feet wide at the base, tapering to a width of one foot at the top. The pylons were arranged in such a way to form a perfect square with one at each corner, having a distance of twenty paces between each of them. In the exact center of the square sat a five by ten altar. In the top of the altar was a formed depression which was in the shape of, at least what it appeared to be, a person, as there clearly showed a place for the head, body, and feet. The depression was long and wide, obviously designed with the intended purpose for someone to lay within it. There did not appear to be any markings or inscriptions of any kind anywhere upon it.
Airrak had already slid down from his horse and was examining the altar, appearing extremely excited. Sir Tavannos dismounted and was doing his best to follow his friend but the Mage moved quickly from feature to feature. Valen and Szarzekk came down from their mounts a touch more slowly, for it was obvious the both of them were somewhat skeptical, Valen more so than the other warrior. The two helped Tarakis off of his horse and onto the soft ground where he would be more comfortable. They then stood by and watched in silence while Airrak ran about in a slight frenzy with Tavannos following behind. 
If he had been in a better mood, Valen might have thought they looked somewhat comical the way they ran about. He looked down and smiled to himself, putting his hand to his forehead while shaking his head.
After watching for fifteen minutes or so, Valen was quickly losing patience. “Do you have any idea how to use this thing?” He yelled to Airrak. “I mean, we are on a bit of a timeframe here.”
Airrak looked up from what he was doing and walked over to join both Valen and Szarzekk with Sir Tavannos right behind him. “Of course I do.” The Mage replied, pausing as he looked around at the Tumulus. “Theoretically.”
Valen shuffled his feet, glanced at Szarzekk briefly before he turned back to Airrak. “Theoretically?” He took a deep breath, letting it out. “And you are confident that you are correct?”
Airrak, rather than being annoyed, just smiled, and laid a hand on Valen’s shoulder. “Please, my friend, have a little faith. I did not spend all that time below deck finding answers for nothing. It will work.” He was so adamant that it was hard for Valen to doubt him. The Mage turned around and stepped to the center of the mound where the altar stood. He then motioned for his comrades to join him, Tavannos immediately moving to his friend’s side. 
Before Szarzekk moved, he laid a hand on Valen’s shoulder as if to say, ‘I understand’, but what else could he do? 
“Now then…” Airrak started to speak after a few moments of the four of them staring at the altar in silence. “The way it works is someone lies down in the depression with his arms crossed over his chest, he repeats the command words and focuses on what he is looking for the answer to.” Almost as an afterthought, he added, “According to my research.”
Valen gave a deep sigh. “Sounds easy enough, if it works the way it is supposed to.” He glanced at his companions before asking the obvious question, “So, who is going to do it?”
Before anyone else could answer, Airrak spoke up. “It will be me, of course.” Sir Tavannos clearly showed concern when he looked at him. “It has to be me, my friend. It is my work which has brought us here and besides…” He gave the Knight a slight smile. “Neither of you know or understand the command words and I do.”
Sir Tavannos relented while neither the Warrior nor Szarzekk voiced any objection to the Mage. “So, it is decided.” Valen said with a nod. “What should the rest of us do in the meantime?”
Airrak took a moment in thought. “I am not exactly certain what happens to bystanders. There is nothing written regarding it.” He rubbed his chin as if considering options. “I would suggest standing outside the pylons, perhaps at the bottom of the mound.” His eyes drifted to Tavannos. “And for the sake of the Gods, do not interfere.”
“Very well.” Valen said. He inclined his head at the other two. “Let us move. I will get our horses, you two help Tarakis.” He then turned to address the Mage. “I wish you good luck. All depends on it.”
Szarzekk gave Airrak a nod, signaling his desire to wish him luck as well.
“Do not fear.” The Mage said to Tavannos. “All will be well.”
The Knight gave him a curt nod and clasped his forearm. “Good luck, my friend. I shall be waiting.” He stepped away, moving to assist Szarzekk with Tarakis.
Airrak watched them move to below the mound, leaving him alone at the altar. He took a deep breath. “Well, no time to waste.” He muttered to himself and climbed into the depression. Crossing his arms over his chest, he began uttering the words that would work the magic.
From where they stood, the others could see Airrak as he climbed onto the altar, laying down in the depression. They could scarcely see him as he sank down into it. As soon as he had done so, barely perceptible buzzing started to permeate the air. Valen and Szarzekk glanced at one another, trying to determine if the other was hearing the same thing. Sir Tavannos, however, did not take his eyes off the altar. 
He watched intently, startled when it appeared as if Airrak had actually disappeared into the altar. The Mage had been lying there one second, then suddenly it looked as if he had sunk deeper into the depression, vanishing from sight. The Knight was not sure if the depression had gotten deeper and Airrak went with it or if the Mage had disappeared altogether. Tavannos immediately let out a yell. “Airrak!” He screamed as he took off running up the mound.
“No! Stop!” Valen yelled, seeing him take off, but Tavannos had trouble hearing him as the buzzing had gotten much louder, so much so in fact that their teeth were vibrating. Seeing that his warning did not help and the Knight was not stopping, both Valen and Szarzekk rushed after him.
Unfortunately, they did not reach him before he attempted to cross the invisible barrier between the pylons. Tavannos hit the barrier about midway between the two eastern pylons, inducing an incredibly loud electrical explosion. Thrown violently back down the mound, the Knight landed fifteen paces away. The other two warriors witnessed it happen, following with their eyes as he was tossed like a ragdoll. Sir Tavannos’ armor smoked as he lay there, unmoving as of yet. 
Valen ran to his side while Szarzekk remained where he had stood, watching events unfold. He noticed that not only, was there the loud buzzing, but the pylons also vibrated violently while glowing with surges of electricity. The barrier that the Knight had collided with was now completely visible, made up of crackling energy. Szarzekk looked up, seeing that a single, incredibly dark, and very ominous looking storm cloud had formed directly over the mound, appearing to be growing in intensity.
Just moments later, Tavannos was conscious and aware of what was occurring. Valen kneeled next to him, making certain that he was alright. He sat up, focusing all his attention to the mound.
The three of them silently watched as a large bolt of lightning shot down from the storm cloud, striking the altar dead on and a split second later an enormous thunder crack sounded off. A shock wave was sent out, though, fortunately for the three demigods, the barrier between the pylons seemed to absorb all the energy caused from it.
The buzzing continued for a time longer with several more bolts of lightning, striking each time with the same results. The three immortals stood gazing helplessly, all unknowing what to do, not even certain that there was anything they could do.
Sir Tavannos appeared to be somewhat in shock, having no idea what had happened to Airrak, though he did not think it was anything good. Horrible outcomes were raging through his mind. He looked at Valen. “He sunk down into the altar.” Tavannos said, loud enough to be heard over the clamor.
Valen frowned at him, uncertain if he had heard him correctly. “What do you mean, he sank into the altar?”
Sir Tavannos, who appeared a touch mentally unbalanced, stared at the Warrior with a blank expression, but managed to reply, “Airrak. I watched him sink… out of sight… into the altar.” He paused a second before adding, “either that or it… swallowed him up!”
Valen was not certain if Sir Tavannos knew exactly what he was saying. He decided not to push the issue, directing his eyes back at the Tumulus, waiting for it to end. His eyes drifted over to where Tarakis lay. Other than moving a bit in his sleep, the Rogue was still unconscious. “He may be the luckiest one of us all.” He mumbled to himself. Valen could not help but feel a touch of admiration towards him. If what seemed to have occurred actually had, the Rogue had taken on two, seemingly powerful, enemies on his own and paid for it dearly. He could have easily retreated and sought help but he did not. He chose to deal with the situation and succeeded, most effectively. Valen was suddenly pulled from his reverie by the fact that it appeared to be growing quieter.
“It appears to be stopping!” Szarzekk yelled from where he stood, ten to fifteen paces away. “The cloud looks to be dissipating and the barrier seems to be deactivating as well.”
Valen glanced up, seeing that the cloud was indeed breaking up. The buzzing sound had also lessened, sounding as if it were fading away. He regarded Tavannos, who seemed to be a little more in control of his faculties. “Are you ready to check on the Mage?”
The Knight gazed intently into his eyes, then showing recognition of what he had heard, grabbed ahold of Valen’s arm, and came to his feet, a bit unsteady at first. Although after he had gotten his balance, he said, “Damn right I am. What are we waiting for?” He started up the mound.
Valen caught up to him quickly, laying a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Hold a moment. We need to make certain that barrier, or whatever it was, is gone. We do not want the same thing happening again.”
Sir Tavannos nodded his understanding. The three half-Gods watched the top of the mound to ensure that all of the activity had ceased. After a few moments longer, the buzzing had stopped completely, the barrier appeared to be gone and the pylons were as still as could be. The strange storm cloud that had formed above had fully dissipated, showing nothing but blue sky. As they beheld, the immortals saw on the empty top of the altar their comrade Airrak’s profile slowly rise out of it, becoming visible once again.
Sir Tavannos was the first to see his friend re-appear on top of the altar. He rushed towards him as soon as it registered in his mind. Valen and Szarzekk were close behind him, as all of them were anxious to find out what had occurred. When they reached him, they found Airrak lying with his eyes wide open, staring straight ahead, seeming to be in a very content state with a slight smile on his face.
Valen and Szarzekk exchanged a look while Tavannos laid a hand on Airrak’s shoulder, with the altar being four feet tall, he had no trouble leaning over his friend, looking into his eyes. It took the Mage a moment, but soon he was staring back at the Knight.
“Are you alright, my friend?” Sir Tavannos asked.
Silence followed, but then Airrak softly replied, “Oh, yes. I am perfectly fine.” He let out a slight chuckle. “In fact, better than fine.” He glanced in the direction of Valen and Szarzekk, appearing to be in thought. “Where is Tarakis?” Both warriors peered at one another in confusion, even Tavannos looked over his shoulder at them, clearly showing concern on his face. Although, before any of them could answer, Airrak spoke up again. “Ah, yes, of course. The poison.” His eyes went back to the Knight. “Help me up, my friend.” He moved in right away, helping him out of the depression and into a sitting position on the side of the altar. Sir Tavannos then offered him his waterskin, which Airrak accepted, taking a quick drink of water. He grimaced, as if he were having trouble swallowing, then shook his head. “Is there anything stronger? I could do with a slight nip.”
Obviously surprised by his request, Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos stared at him with curiosity while Valen dug his small flask from his pouch and offered it to him. “Here you go.”
Airrak accepted the flask willingly and after taking a good drink from it, he returned it to Valen. He smacked his lips as if satisfied. “Ah, that is more like it.” Standing, he began walking towards the horses, somewhat briskly.
The other three watched him in perplexity as he went, none of them speaking anything for a time until finally Valen took a couple of steps forward. “Would you mind letting the rest of us in on what is going on?”
Szarzekk joined him, coming to stand on Valen’s left. Even Sir Tavannos was finding it difficult keeping it quiet, as he was as curious as the others to learn what his friend had discovered. The Knight then moved to stand on Valen’s right. 
Airrak, hearing the Warrior’s question, turned, seeing all three standing expectantly. He was thoughtful for a time before shaking his head to clear his mind. He stared off into the distance for a couple of moments, his eyes drifting back to his comrades. Reality seemed to come flooding back to him, as if a large wave had suddenly overtaken him, when he began to remember his present task as well as the quest that he and his compatriots were pursuing. A touch of dizziness took over and he teetered on his feet slightly. Tavannos rushed to his side, helping him find his balance while even his other two companions stepped over to make certain he was alright. Moments later, Airrak shook his head, clearing his throat. “Of course.” He said, staring at them with an apologetic look on his face. “My apologies, my friends. I do not know what came over me. Something about that device affected me in some very strange ways.” He paused. “I cannot explain it, nor do I understand it.”
Sir Tavannos smiled slightly, happy that his comrade seemed to be back to normal. “You should have seen it from our side. Electricity! Lightning and thunder! It was out of control.” His eyes went to Valen and Szarzekk. “But we are glad that you are alright. I…” He stopped a moment in thought. “I thought that thing had done something to you because it appeared that the altar… ate you or… absorbed you or…” He shook his head. “Something.”
Airrak put his hand on the Knight’s shoulder. “Well, it did not. I am fine now, never better.” His eyes volleyed between Valen and Szarzekk. “And I know where to find what we have been looking for. I now know how to get there.”
There was a brief silence as what he had said sank in. “Excellent!” Valen finally exclaimed. “That is what we were hoping to hear.”
Sir Tavannos slid his arm around the Mage’s shoulder, unable to contain his joy. “Thank the Gods! I knew you would do it.”
Even Szarzekk, in his own way, appeared happy with the news. “That is good news.” He solemnly said. “But time is passing and we should continue with our mission.”
Valen had to agree with him. They needed to get moving so they could accomplish the task they had been given. “I suggest we get a move on and actually find this portal.”
As Szarzekk and Tavannos began moving towards the horses, the Knight’s eyes fell on Tarakis lying on the grass. “Help me get him back onto his horse, if you do not mind.” He said to the Undead Warrior. “If only we could find a way to heal our comrade.” He voiced as he struggled to help get the Rogue into his saddle, strapping him in. “Although I do not believe it is possible. I do not think we will ever see him healthy again.”
As Airrak was getting ready to mount his horse, he overheard Tavannos. He turned, becoming thoughtful as something gnawed at the back of his mind. His eyes fell on Tarakis, who groaned a little as they got him up onto his horse. Airrak’s eyes lit up. “Oh my Gods!” He suddenly exclaimed, earning his comrades attention. He took a deep breath, calming himself down. “I do not know whether you will believe me or not but…” He frowned, taking another deep breath. “I was shown the way to bring aid to Tarakis. To heal him.” 
His statement completely bewildered them, for they could barely contain themselves as they all three began throwing questions at the Mage, talking over one another so that no one could make out anything being said. 
“Hold on and wait a moment.” Valen shouted, having had enough. He waited for the others to calm down, staring at him in silence. He turned to Airrak. “You are telling us that you have the knowledge needed to heal our comrade and make him well?”
“Yes.” Airrak said matter of factly. “The Tumulus showed me the way.” It was obvious they were waiting for him to elaborate, so after a few moments he obliged. “I was shown that there is a person, or rather a being, with the others which we are looking for who has the ability to heal him.” 
His companions were astounded, for they all thought the power of healing was something that was beyond the ability of any of the Rystarrians. Sir Tavannos and Szarzekk stared on in disbelief.
Valen could not contain his opinion. “Airrak.” He said, very calmly. “You know as well as I do that there is no one, upon this world, who has the power to heal.” As he spoke, the Mage nodded his agreement and Valen noticing this, added, “Well? Knowing that, how can you say there is someone ahead of us, waiting for us, who has this power?”
Airrak smiled to himself, thinking about his answer before giving it. “I did not say that the individual we will meet was of this world.” He paused briefly, seeing different looks of curiosity and surprise, he continued. “I was not given the name of this being, but I was told that he… or she is a citizen of one of the outer planes. Celeya to be specific.”
Valen and Sir Tavannos were not too well versed in the outer planes. Szarzekk, however, was pretty knowledgeable concerning them. While the other two stared at the Mage with confusion, the Undead Warrior knew what to ask. “The Shining Islands of Celeya?” He said. “This individual that is part of the group we are to meet is from Celeya?”
Airrak nodded in the positive. “That is what I was shown. He or she is not only a citizen of Celeya, but an Angel as well. Which means that he, or she, is an extremely important and powerful individual.”
Valen had shaken off the mild shock from what he had heard. “And this person…”
“Angel.” Szarzekk interjected. “There is a very large difference between people and Angels.”
Valen saluted him quickly before he continued. “This Angel, has the power to heal Tarakis?”
Airrak and Szarzekk nodded together. “Apparently all, or at least most Angels have that power.” The Mage said. He looked from Valen to the other two. “I suggest, once again, that you trust me. I realize that is asking a lot, but we have been together now for some amount of time and I believe I have shown myself to be reliable and very experienced within my trade. So I am asking you, all of you, to trust me.” He peered over at Tarakis. “I want to see our comrade in action and well once again.”
“That is good enough for me.” Sir Tavannos said as he mounted his horse, grabbed the reins of Tarakis’ horse and was ready to depart.
Szarzekk also mounted his horse and made ready to go, but Valen continued to regard Airrak for a moment or two longer. Eventually, he relented, mounting his horse. “My faith in you continues to grow, Mage. We will follow you to the portal and I pray to my Godly parent that you are right about this so-called Angel.” He turned his horse to lead them off, but at the last minute, he turned back and added, “Otherwise there is no hope for our comrade. Half-God or not, you and I both know that without something extraordinary happening, he will not survive.” Having said that, he and Airrak joined the others and looking at each of them in turn, Valen said, “Fortune favors the brave or the foolish.” He peered directly at the Mage, adding, “Lead on, we are following your direction.”
The immortals headed out to the west, with the Mage in the front, leading the way.

†

The companions traveled on for several hours, the terrain growing thicker and more difficult to traverse. Along with thick grass and shrubs, as well as large trees, the landscape became more hilly as they moved into the foothills. By midday, the demigods rode through a narrow canyon, heading deeper into the mountains.
By that time, Tarakis was not faring well, riding slumped in his saddle, the only signs of life had been an occasional stir or groan before he relapsed into unconsciousness once again. Both Valen and Szarzekk had noticed this and were becoming incredibly concerned. Airrak, meanwhile, was entirely absorbed in trying to locate the portal and Sir Tavannos, although he was acutely aware of the situation with the Rogue, stayed at the Mage’s side as he searched.
After a short while later, Valen halted his horse. “Are you certain this is the right way?” He shouted at Airrak, though all he received as a response was a disparaging look from Tavannos, as Airrak was too involved in what he was doing. Valen sighed deeply. “We are losing the Rogue. He needs another anti-toxin.”
“It will do no good.” Airrak replied, without turning in his direction. While both warriors stared at him questioningly, Sir Tavannos gave him an alarming look.
The Knight leaned toward his friend, speaking quietly. “Are you certain? Is there nothing else we can do?”
Airrak, hearing the concern in his voice, looked at him sympathetically. “I am sorry. But there is nothing else I can do, except find the Gods forsaken portal.”
Valen, barely containing his frustration, walked his horse to where the Mage sat on his. “I fail to see how that is going to help him.” He pointed at Tarakis. Airrak did not react to his statement whatsoever, instead, he continued scanning in all directions, appearing to be lost in thought. This seemed to aggravate Valen even more so, so much in fact, he reached out and grabbed the reins of the Mage’s horse, causing Airrak to stare straight at him. “Is he going to die?” He asked in a calmer voice.
Airrak took a deep breath, letting it out as the Warrior released his hold on the reins. He placed his hand over Valen’s. “Yes, chances are he will.” He paused, noticing their shocked faces. “That is why we need to find the portal as quickly as possible, then we need to find the others who we are meant to join with. They are his only chance, do you not understand that?” The last part came out a little louder than he intended, but the result was effective. His companions finally seemed to understand the need for haste. This was not lost on the Mage, as he calmly added, “This is why I am so determined. Now, let us get on with it. I sense we are very near to our destination.” He steered his horse ahead, continuing to move through the canyon.
After a sympathetic look at the Warrior, Tavannos also led his horse after his friend. Valen put his head down for a moment, shaking it in frustration. 
“What else can we do but follow him and hope he finds it?” Szarzekk quietly said before he then followed the Mage, leading Tarakis on his horse as he headed up the canyon.
Valen sat watching the others go. “What else can we do indeed?” He muttered to himself. He let out a sigh and drew his mount forward, moving deeper into the canyon.
Over the next couple of hours, the immortals rode on through the narrow, winding canyon. The three warriors could not help but become frustrated all over again when they went around a small peak, running straight into a dead end. The narrow canyon pathway opened into a small expanse of land, surrounded on all sides by fifty foot high sheer cliff walls. At the far end of the clearing, opposite of where the canyon path entered into it, the cliff wall appeared unusually smooth.
Airrak immediately dismounted from his horse and walked toward the smooth cliff wall, his comrades scanning around in frustration. 
“Well…” Valen grumbled. “This is just great. A dead end.”
Sir Tavannos watched Airrak a moment before he too climbed down from his horse, following after his friend until he stood right behind him.
Valen witnessed the two of them approach the far end cliff wall, not understanding of what they were doing. He glanced at Szarzekk, about to speak up when he noticed that the Undead Warrior stared intently at the same wall. He turned his gaze toward the wall, seeing nothing unusual. “What are we looking at?”
“Do you not see it?” Szarzekk replied without turning away.
Valen’s eyes volleyed back and forth, seeing nothing out of the ordinary. He felt his frustration level start to rise once again. “See what? I see nothing but a sheer cliff wall that leaves us nowhere to go.” As he continued watching, Airrak stepped up to the wall, running his hands in a circular motion around it. The Mage appeared to be mumbling something but Valen could not make out what he was saying. He opened his mouth to speak when suddenly, a low buzzing started to permeate the air. Within just a few short seconds, the noise was so loud that little else could be heard. Both Valen and Szarzekk glanced around in alarm, trying to determine the source of the annoying sound. A moment later, Valen watched Airrak turn and speak to Tavannos.
The Knight rushed towards them, appearing incredibly excited. “He found it!” Sir Tavannos yelled, loud enough to be heard over the clamor. He looked expectedly at the other two warriors, who made no move. Tavannos sighed in aggravation. “Let us go. That is the way.” The Knight pointed at the cliff wall.
“I knew I saw something.” Szarzekk said matter of factly, noticing Valen staring at him in disbelief. “The wall shimmered ever so slightly.” He began walking his horse forward.
Airrak turned back to make sure his companions were approaching, and seeing that with the exception of Tavannos, they were still on their horses. He held up his hands. “You must dismount.” He shouted. “The horses can go no further.” Szarzekk stared at him a moment before he slowly dismounted and joined the Mage. Airrak took notice of his hesitation. “Do not worry, the horses will be fine. I cannot explain it, but I am certain they will be.”
“I will carry the Rogue.” Sir Tavannos said before moving to bring Tarakis down from his mount.
“Oh, for the Gods sake!” Valen said to himself. He immediately dismounted. “No. I will carry him.”
Soon, they were all gathered around Airrak by the cliff wall with Valen carrying Tarakis. The buzzing had grown even louder. 
“Simply walk straight into the wall without stopping or hesitating and we will be through the portal.” Airrak shouted, seeing doubt on his comrades faces. “I will go first. Just follow me and do not stop.”
The other three watched as he walked straight at the cliff wall. As soon as he reached it, the Mage disappeared completely from sight. They glanced at one another in startlement. Sir Tavannos took a deep breath and followed after his longtime friend. 
Szarzekk and the Warrior exchanged glances. “See you on the other side… I hope.” Valen said, the Undead Warrior mirroring his earlier salute as he disappeared into the cliff wall. He stood a moment with the unconscious Rogue. “Here is hoping that we actually end up somewhere.” He stepped through, vanishing into the face of the cliff.

†

There was a brief few seconds of total darkness surrounding the demigods. The darkness gave way to a swirling light, which may have just been in their heads, for it was impossible for any of them to know for certain. Thank the Gods that it only lasted briefly as Airrak found himself standing on what seemed to be solid ground. His vision had returned, or so he thought, as it was so dark where he found himself that he could not tell if his eyes were working correctly or not. He uttered a single word of magic and the end of his staff instantly lit up as it had a thousand times before, only this time the light was not shining bright white but was rather glowing a luminescent purplish. Fortunately, it still gave off enough light for him to see his surroundings. A moment later, his comrades appeared at his side out of the darkness, all looking to be a touch confused about what had just occurred.
Valen noticed that Airrak had created for them a light source, to a certain degree, and immediately, the demigods began surveying the area. From what they could tell in the limited light, they were in a cave. It seemed to be quite deep, fifty feet at least and wide enough for all of them to stretch out comfortably.
Valen laid Tarakis down gently on the soft floor of the cave and walked over to where Airrak was enthralled with examining their locale. “Alright, Mage.” He said, getting his attention. “Where are we? And more importantly, are we where we need to be?”
Airrak looked up at Valen, taking a moment in thought. “Yes, I am quite sure we are where we need to be, however, I almost positive we are no longer on Rystarr.”
His statement not only earned Valen’s full attention but also Tavannos’. Both opened their mouths to ask the same question, though it was the Knight who got it out first. “Well…” He started, his voice shaking a touch. “If we are not on Rystarr, then where exactly are we?”
Airrak eyed him thoughtfully. “I wish I could tell you exactly where we are.” He paused in thought. “But I can tell you, with a degree of certainty, that it is my belief we are on one of the outer planes.”
Valen rubbed his temples. “The outer planes?” He glanced at Sir Tavannos as if to say, ‘help me out here.’
“Yes.” Airrak said matter of factly. “Though I am not certain which one.”
Valen and Sir Tavannos exchanged a look, the Knight giving a shrug. “Well, it does make a bit of sense that what we are searching for would be on one of the outer planes.” Tavannos was thoughtful a moment before he nodded. “Very well, we are on one of the outer planes. As long as it is not Blarth, Faustus or Tarsus, we are good.”
Valen took a sharp breath. “Alright, one of the outer planes.” He eyed Airrak. “You have been right since we disembarked the ship and I see no reason to doubt you now. So, what is our next move?”
The Mage stared at him as if he were unsure how to answer his question. “That is something the rest of you are going to have to come up with. My research got us here but from here on, I am a stranger as well.”
Valen thought of his response when something occurred to him. “Szarzekk!” He shouted, having forgotten about the Undead Warrior. He turned around, seeing that he was examining the ground around the center of the cave. There appeared to be a slight discoloration there that certainly did not appear to be natural. “Szarzekk.” Valen said again, trying to get his comrade’s attention.
The Undead Warrior looked up at him, then glanced at the other two. He gestured at the strange mark on the ground. “There was some sort of fire here, I believe.” They walked over to get a closer look while Airrak did his best to shine his light on the area in question. Szarzekk took a couple of steps to the left of the discoloration, pointing at the ground. “And look here, and here. Someone else has been in this cave… recently.” His companions looked at him in surprise as they all studied the ground to the best of their abilities.
“Are you sure?” Valen asked, seeing Szarzekk nod in response. “Can you tell how many they were?” 
Sir Tavannos stared at him in uncertainty, for he could not tell anything at all looking at the jumble of footprints and impressions that were scattered all over the cave.
Szarzekk, however, whose eyesight was much greater than the rest of them, actually nodded. “Yes, in a manner. There were at least four of them… maybe five.” They followed him about as he pointed at different spots on the cave floor. “Also…” He quickly added. “Look at this hole.” He paused a second as the rest of his comrades studied a hole nearby. It looked as if something had burrowed its way out of the ground and into the cave. “Something came up through there. And judging by all the erratic footsteps surrounding the hole, it was something that was unwelcome to the caves occupants.”
Sir Tavannos eyed the ground with uneasiness. “Do you think it is the ones we seek?” He asked as all three of them stared at the Undead Warrior, waiting for an answer.
Szarzekk took a deep breath as if contemplating his answer. “I think it is a good possibility.” His companions shuffled around, eyeing one another. “It is the best we have to follow. What else is there?” None of them could argue with that. “Also, judging by these prints, I would say that whoever it was, they were here within a few hours ago.”
“So we should get a move on then. As soon as possible.” Valen said. He looked toward the cave entrance, seeing that there was light coming in from outside. “It appears to be daylight out. Whatever happens to serve as daylight here.”
“Then we should go.” Sir Tavannos said, remembering their stricken comrade. “Looks like we are walking and carrying.”
Valen nodded. “I will take the first shift.” He picked Tarakis up, carrying him over his shoulder. “Good thing he is mostly light.” He turned to address Szarzekk. “Lead the way. It is up to you to find their trail.”
As they exited the cave, the first thing they noticed was the sky, for it was a strange shade of lavender. The landscape before them appeared incredibly green and lush, however, the multiple copses of trees that they saw were a dark red. A deep green valley lay before them, its slopes covered in thick grass and vibrant flowers, a clear river running straight through with several species of birds fluttering above, flying from tree to tree.
“It does not appear like one of the evil planes.” Sir Tavannos muttered. “So, at least we have that.”
Valen eyed him from the side. “What does one of the evil planes look like? Have you ever been to one of them?”
“Well, no. But I would not guess they would look like this.” Tavannos gestured towards the colorful valley.
“Hmm.”
They traveled on through the river valley, somewhat slowly, as Szarzekk nearly lost the trail several times, for the ground was saturated with water. It looked as if it had rained quite intently for some time. As they hiked on for hours, the immortals could see various groupings of mountains off in the distance.
“This looks like a good place to rest for a few moments.” Sir Tavannos said, struggling with Tarakis over his shoulder.
“Very well.” Valen said, having noticed the difficult time the Knight was having. “Let us take a short rest.” He glanced at Szarzekk. “How far ahead of us do you think they are?” His comrade did not appear to have heard him, for the Undead Warrior stood looking ahead with one hand over the eye slits in his helmet, his eyes fixed on something in the distance. “Szarzekk!” He said, somewhat louder to get his attention. Szarzekk finally turned to him. “What is it? What did you see?”
The Undead Warrior was thoughtful a moment before answering. “I am not sure.” He shook his head. “I thought I was looking at a bird a first. A great large bird.” He paused. “But I could swear that it had arms and legs. I cannot explain it. We should take heed, for this land appears to have some strange creatures.”
The others all peered at one another before Tavannos asked Valen’s question again. “Well, how far ahead do you think the others are?”
Szarzekk did not answer right away but rather stared at the ground as if he were in thought. He seemed to comprehend the question as he looked up at the others. “Not far now. We should find them soon.”
“Tell me more about this large bird creature you saw.” Airrak said to the Undead Warrior.
Szarzekk angled his head. “What more is there to tell? At first, I thought it was a large bird, but then the longer I looked at it, the more I thought I could see arms and legs.” Having said that, he turned away and started down the valley, following the trail.
Valen, who was about to pick up Tarakis and carry on, heard the exchange between the two. He noticed the way Airrak stared at the Undead Warrior, appearing to be lost in thought. “Something on your mind?”
“Perhaps.” The Mage nodded. “It is just… I know for certain there is an Angel amongst those we are supposed to meet.” Suddenly, Valen understood what he was thinking and Airrak saw this realization. “Yes. It is possible that is what Szarzekk saw.” He hurried to follow after the Undead Warrior, trailing alongside of Sir Tavannos.
Valen quickly picked up Tarakis and rushed to join the others. “Well, can you not just do some spell that will give us the answer?”
Airrak stopped in his tracks and let out a deep sigh, giving Valen a level look. “Ordinarily, yes, I could do that.” Valen opened his mouth to ask the obvious question when the Mage answered it for him. “There is something about this land that effects my magic. I do not know what it is but anything I try to do will be off in some way.” He stepped away, leaving the Warrior standing alone for a second before he moved to catch up to him. “We are going to have to do this the mundane way and just find them.”
The companions continued following Szarzekk’s lead for a couple more hours as they came closer towards the end of the river valley. The Undead Warrior suddenly stopped near the riverbank as it was apparent that Szarzekk had seen something. The others quickly joined him, looking in the same direction. What they saw was the aftermath of a battle or more likely, a slaughter. They could see at least ten, maybe more, bodies of humanoid type creatures. These creatures appeared at least six feet tall and very broad. Their skin was a bronze shade and they had no hair which could be seen. None of the humanoids seemed to had been armored at all or had even been wearing much clothing for that matter. The demigods walked into the midst of the carnage, amazed by the absolute slaughter they were seeing.
Sir Tavannos absentmindedly picked up a shaft of wood about four feet in length that had a sharpened metal spearhead on each end. “I suppose these were their weapons.” He said. “Such as they are.”
Valen, who stood beside him, studied the very rudimentary spear. “It would seem so.” He turned to Szarzekk. “Was it our erstwhile comrades who did this?”
He looked from where the bodies lay to Valen. “I would say so. We are on their trail. Who else could it have been?”
The Warrior shifted his gaze to Airrak. “Any idea what these things are?”
The Mage’s eyes drifted over the bodies. “No. I have never seen or heard of anything like them before.” He paused as he knelt down by one of the creatures. “They are human-like but definitely different enough to not be called human.” He stood and gestured at the bodies. “Who knows what other creatures we will encounter in this place.”
Szarzekk, who had been searching the ground around the battle, stood straight. “We need to go. We are not far behind them now.”
Hours had passed and the immortals could barely see a range of mountains in the near distance, one of them flat topped. The sky had become a deeper, darker purple and thunder rumbled in the distance, followed by streaks of blue lightning. Szarzekk’s head angled to one side as he stared off across the way.
Valen noticed that his attention was fixed on something ahead of them. “What is it now?” When he received no response, he laid Tarakis down on the green grass, stepping to Szarzekk’s side. “What?”
The Undead Warrior appeared to had heard him, though his only reply was, “Listen!” He looked at Valen. “That is the sound of battle.”
Valen’s head cocked to the side, he too could hear what sounded like a fight, fairly close by. He was thoughtful for a moment before snapping into action. “Tavannos, Szarzekk, let us go!” He looked at Tarakis briefly. “Airrak, you stay with him.” He gestured at the Rogue, seeing the looks that both Sir Tavannos and the Mage had given him, he quickly added, “You said it yourself, your magic is unpredictable right now, so you would be better off looking after our comrade.”
The Knight appeared somewhat confused. “Where are we going?”
Thunder rumbled once again, echoing across the land and suddenly, the companions witnessed in the distance as a large bright purple bolt of lightning shot towards the ground.
Valen eyed Szarzekk, seeing him nod his agreement. “We are going to see if we can assist our new comrades.” 
The three warriors charged over the low hill in front of them, unbeknownst of what they were heading into.

†

When twenty or so creatures remained, they turned to flee, running for their lives. The immortals stood, a little worse for wear, catching their breath on the bloody battlefield where bodies of the creatures, some whole, some not, lay scattered. They all stood eyeing one another. Both Valen and Sir Tavannos could not help but stare in awe when their eyes fell on the Angel, for the Mage had been right.
“If I am not mistaken…” Said one of the newcomers. His hair was long, almost white and his eyes were the brightest of greens, prismatic. “I believe we share a mutual acquaintance... Master Raith?” He asked, the corner of his mouth tipped up in a crooked grin.
“Aye. You would be correct.” The Undead Warrior said. “I am Szarzekk of Under City.”
“Greetings, Szarzekk.” The man said with a grin and a slight bow. “I am Kai’las, of…” He motioned with his hands. “Well… far from here. Or perhaps not, depending on where we are.” His eyes flickered with light when he looked at Valen. “You are concerned for someone.”
Valen frowned, somewhat surprised. “Yes. Our comrade has been poisoned.” He looked at the Angel in admiration. “Could you help him?”
She nodded. “Of course. I will do what I can.”
Valen, along with Sir Tavannos and Szarzekk led the other immortals to the area where they had left Airrak watching over Tarakis. The Mage could not help but breathe a sigh of relief when he first laid eyes on the Angel, for he now knew that the Rogue would be alright.
The Angel knelt down next to Tarakis. She looked across at Airrak with metallic golden eyes shining bright. “What befell him?” She asked with a melodious voice.
“A poisoned dagger. His right shoulder.” The Mage replied as he began to remove the Rogue’s bandages.
She nodded and pulled out a blue feather from within the folds of her white wings. Putting it to her mouth, she whispered a single word that was incomprehensible and place the tip of the feather into Tarakis’ wound. In the next instant, it turned into an ice blue vapor, dissipating into the air. The wound closed up, the spiderweb-like veins fading away.
Minutes later, Tarakis slowly opened his eyes, peering around at all the faces staring down at him. His eyes drifted back to the Angel. “Hiya… uh…”
Her smile was warm. “Makaelah.”
Valen, Tavannos and Airrak could not help but laugh, and even Szarzekk let out a little grunt as relief flowed through them.

†

A little while later, the other group of demigods led them to an area that they had found earlier while out scouting, where they would camp for the night. The one named Kai’las, who appeared to be some sort of magic user, created a fire, the flames being a variation of blue and purple. The immortals doubted they would have any more trouble with the creatures they fought but still did not want to take any chance the creatures would not return with reinforcements, so they decided to set up a watch of twos since now their numbers had doubled.
“When you saw us, did you know who we were?” The Monk named Xilton asked. “Master Raith did not tell us anything of you. He only mentioned there was another group like us.”
Valen was the first to speak up. “Raith told us very little and at the time we met with him, there were only four of you.” He looked at Makaelah. “Never did he mention an Angel. But we knew who you were. We have been on your trail for a while now.”
Makaelah nodded. “I met up with them in Janardan. Actually Darius and Kai’las found me in the forest the day after they left the library.”
Valen shot a look between the two men. “From the way the gnome spoke, we must have just missed you.”
“To be honest…” Makaelah said. “I believe you just missed me. I saw the five of you at the library gates as I was departing.”
Valen glanced at Airrak. “It was you.” The Mage replied, his eyes lighting up. “We had heard you fly over as we were about to enter, though we could not see you.”
She smiled. “When there are clouds, I try to stay concealed.”
“It was good of you to show up here when you did.” Xilton said, changing the subject. “I am not certain we could have disposed of all those creatures on our own. When they first approached it had seemed there were far less of them, but obviously that was not the case.”
“They were some wretched looking beasts, were they not?” Sir Tavannos said.
Kai’las laughed. “Wretched is too kind a word. Perhaps ugly as an ogre’s backside would be the best description.” 
His remark earned a snicker from Tarakis which caused his comrades to cast him a glance. They were all just happy to see him finally recovered. He still appeared somewhat weak but that was to be expected.
“Tell us…” Sir Tavannos said after a time. “How has your journey fared thus far?”
Darius took a deep breath and exhaled. “Tedious. We have been attacked by Goblins and Kromiths.”
Valen noticed the man rub a seemingly sore spot along his right wrist as his eyes flickered briefly over to the Angel.
“Also the Brazen Horde clan in the plains.” The Elf stated. “And creatures of this land.”
“Yes…” Airrak started to speak. “We saw what remained of those creatures.”
“Kromiths?” Tarakis asked. “What are those?”
Kai’las considered him for a moment. “Kromiths are creatures resembling half-man, half-bat.”
Tarakis’ red eyes lit up. “Ah, yes. We have also encountered the creatures on two occasions, though we had no knowledge of what they were.”
“Few have knowledge of their existence unless they have had encounters with them in the past.” Makaelah remarked. “They are creatures of Blarth.”
“I must say we have had quite the journey as well.” Airrak stated.
Szarzekk nodded. “That we have.”
As the others spoke, Valen leaned in close to Darius. “Let me ask you something.” He whispered. “Are you and the Angel in relations?”
“What?” Darius replied, his eyes narrowed.
Valen laughed dryly. “Perhaps I should mind my own business.”
“Aye, perhaps you should.” He coldly said, brushing a hand through his hair. “No. There is no interest there.”
Valen nodded. “Good, then you will not mind it if my comrade has an interest.” Darius shot him a look and he gestured at Sir Tavannos. The Knight and Makaelah sat close, speaking with one another.
Darius’ jaw tensed up. “Like I said, there is no interest.”
Valen grinned slightly. “So you say.”
“Yes… I do.” He came to his feet. “I need sleep.” Darius coldly said, his eyes narrowing on Sir Tavannos when he added, “And I suggest the rest of you get some sleep as well. We have a long climb to make in the morn and daylight will come soon enough.”
“A long climb?” Szarzekk asked.
Oh, did we not mention it?” Darius replied, somewhat mockingly. He pointed to the flat topped mountain. “We climb that mountain come dawn. At the top lies the entrance to the Caves of Jaeron.”
Valen glanced at his comrades, seeing the same surprise on their faces that he most likely had on his own. “Thanks for mentioning that.” He said with a glare.
“No problem.” Darius grumbled. “Wake me when it is my watch.” He added before retiring to his bedroll.
“Well, he is a friendly sort.” Valen mumbled.
“Aye. He sort of reminds me of someone else I know.” Tarakis replied with a grin.

CHAPTER
24

Early dawn, the half-Gods rose from an incredibly restless sleep and ate a very lackluster meal. As they sat around the magical fire partaking of what meager rations available, they spent some time getting better acquainted with one another.
When they finished eating and all was ready, they prepared to ascend the mountain where they believed the entrance to the Caves of Jaeron awaited at the top. Between the ten of them, they carried three ropes with grappling hooks for the climb.
“Toss the hook up as far as you possibly can to catch hold.” Darius instructed Xilton. “Pull down on the rope to make certain it catches and can hold your weight. But use the mountain as much as possible. There are plenty of areas to hold onto and use for footing.”
The Monk nodded. “I understand.”
Darius let out a deep breath. “Are you certain you would not rather wait and go with the next group? You would have a chance to see how it is done, this being your first time. It is more difficult than it may appear.”
Xilton laughed. “I do not know about that. It appears pretty difficult to me. But no, I would rather get this over with, thank you. Besides, I do not think Makaelah would let me fall to my death.” She gave the Seraph a faint smile.
“Never.” Makaelah responded with an encouraging smile. 
“Very well.” Darius handed her the hook and rope. “You can do this. The Gods speed, my friend.” He offhandedly glanced at Shadowhawk.
“This is not my first climb.” The Elf grumbled, taking the hook and rope from his hands before he had a chance to say anything.
Xilton did as Darius had instructed, cautiously making her way up the side of the mountain along with Shadowhawk, who did indeed appear to have experience with climbing. Kai’las watched them, standing directly below as if to catch either of them if they were to fall. Darius held his breath when Xilton reached the grappling hook and struggled to free it from the mountain.
With patience and strength, Xilton worked it free and made sure she had a good, firm grip on the mountainside before she propelled it up, pulling on the rope to make certain she was good to carry on with the climb.
“Watch your footing, D’ae Feon!” Kai’las called up to the Elf.
“Do not tell me what to do!” Shadowhawk yelled angrily, her voice echoing down. “I know what I am doing!” She rolled her eyes, mumbling quietly in elven.
The other six stood back behind Kai’las staring up at the progress, hearing the exchange between Shadowhawk and the Fae. 
Airrak gestured with a finger. “Unless I am mistaken, those two do not seem to get on too well.”
“You are not mistaken.” Darius casually glimpsed at them as he tied the straps on his travelers pack. “None of us get along too well with the Elf. Except Xilton and perhaps Makaelah at times. I only tolerate her to keep the peace.”
“I can understand that.” Valen mumbled under his breath, his cold eyes landing on Sir Tavannos.
“Kai’las’ features are a bit… odd to me.” The Knight remarked, obviously having not heard Valen’s remark. “Do not hear me wrong, he seems kind enough, but there is something about him…” Tavannos’ words trailed off as he regarded the man who was standing at the base of the mountain. “I just cannot put my finger on it, but there is something different about him. And his eyes.” He shivered. “I have never seen a man so… so… well, like him in all of Rystarr.” He made a gesture with his thumb over his shoulder.
Darius decided to keep quiet. It was not his place to tell the Vlondorian he was traveling with a Fae. Let him find out another way. From someone else, he thought.
It was quite a while before Shadowhawk pulled herself up onto the ledge, laying down to catch her breath. The Seraph floated down beside Xilton, helping her pull herself up. 
“Well done.” Makaelah gave the Monk a pat on the back before gathering up the two grappling hooks and ropes and flying them down to the others waiting below.
Sir Tavannos approached Kai’las. “I would ask you to join Szarzekk and myself. We are next to make the climb.” He offered him a rope.
Kai’las laughed. “I thank you, but it will not be necessary. I will not be making that climb.” 
“Ah.” The Knight gave an understanding nod. “That is right, I had forgotten, you are a magic user. Do you teleport? Are you a mage as Airrak is?” 
Humor shown in the Fae’s iridescent eyes. “I am no mage, good Sir. Though I do... teleport, as you call it.” Kai’las smiled. “Although I would call it shifting.”
“Shifting.” Tavannos repeated. “Interesting.”
Airrak’s eyes flew to Kai’las. “Did you say shifting?” He was certain he had heard the term before. When Kai’las nodded slightly, Airrak’s eyes widened. “You are Fae!”
Sir Tavannos gasped. “Fae.”
“Fae.” Tarakis remarked from behind. “Who is Fae?”
Darius took a sharp intake of air. “He is Fae.” He motioned at Kai’las. “The Seelie Prince to be precise.”
“Now that we have that settled...” Valen stepped forward. “Can we get on with this? The day is passing quickly while you have all just realized fairy tales truly exist. So he is a Fae. I travel with an Undead Warrior and a half-fiend Rogue.” Kai’las laughed at his choice of words while Valen’s gaze shifted to the mountain. “Now climb the bloody mountain.” He growled, pointing upward.
Kai’las’ attention was suddenly fixed on the nimble black shape which was moving up the mountainside without the benefit of a rope. “What in Qadan’s name is he doing?”
Tarakis paused in his climbing, taking a moment to look down at his comrades. “Sorry, I wanted to get a move on with it.” He yelled. The Rogue turned to continue his climb, but threw a look over his shoulder to add, “Besides, I have no need of a rope. I will meet you all at the top.”
Most of the others were watching him make his ascent, with the exception of Sir Tavannos, whose attention was firmly elsewhere, for he was walking away shaking his head while mumbling quietly to Airrak. “A Fae? I knew there was something off about him. He has too much beauty to be a true man.” The Mage just nodded his agreement as his gaze followed Tarakis up the side of the mountain.
Szarzekk and Sir Tavannos were the next to prepare for the climb, both wearing heavy armor, although they had removed as much of it as was practical, which they carried in a bundle beneath them. The two of them possessed the strength and determination to complete the task without any difficulty. By the time the two made it to the top, Airrak had teleported and was there waiting for them. Those remaining on the ground were feeling a bit anxious to get their climb over with, especially when they heard the first set of bestial shrieks coming from just a short distance away.
Valen looked between Kai’las and Darius. “Not certain about the two of you, but I do not plan on sticking around for a repeat of last night.” He immediately tossed a hook up the side of the mountain, pulling it taut.
“Go.” Kai’las directed. “I will hold the hairy beasts off and see you at the top.”
Valen tugged hard on the rope, testing his weight. He began climbing, carrying most of his armor in a bundle beneath him. He and Darius made it up the mountain a quarter of the way before the alien creatures came into view, furiously rushing towards them.
Down on the ground, Kai’las lifted his hands and a stream of bluish purple flames shot forth, flowing towards the onrushing creatures. Arrows flew down from the top of the mountain where Shadowhawk sat perched and Makaelah hovered high above the Fae, firing arrows alight with purple flames shot from her bow of light, Peregi. Airrak stood on the mountain ledge, performing whatever offensive spells which came to his mind, as well as throwing fireballs at the advancing beasts. Tarakis stood behind him, laughing as every ball of fire the Mage threw materialized in a different odd color. Kai’las unsheathed Glimmer, moving in a blur of speed, slashing, and slicing when the little fiends got to close. Above him, Makaelah released her bow in exchange for Erathyl and dove, picking up speed as she swept by Kai’las, just a foot over his head. Flying straight towards the onrushing beasts, she swung her sword furiously as she flew by the strange creatures, scattering body parts in her wake. What few of the fiends remained alive turned and fled.
The last group of climbers proved to be experts, even with the added stress of arrows flying at them from several creatures who had gotten close, some missing them by mere inches. Makaelah and Kai’las were on the mountaintop ledge when Darius and Valen pulled themselves over, having completed the climb in almost half the time it had taken the others. They sat resting, taking a few minutes to collect themselves before they were to continue on into the caves.
Valen eyed Makaelah and Kai’las, his eyes showing a certain look of respect for the two of them. “You have my gratitude.” He said before nodding at Airrak. He eyed Shadowhawk from the side. “Even you, Elf.”
“Shadowhawk.” She sneered.
“Apologies. If not for the four of you, I fear we may have fallen. Perhaps not to our deaths, but it would have been painful.” Valen glanced at Darius, who appeared proud of his companions. “This has been my first encounter with both an Angel and a Fae and I will admit, I am impressed.” He laughed dryly. “And glad to have you on my side.”
“What about me?” Tarakis asked, appearing as though his feelings had been hurt that Valen did not acknowledge him as well. “Where are my thanks?”
Valen stared at him while Airrak let out a slight chuckle from behind. “Oh, for crying out loud.” Valen shook his head and began adjusting his weapons belt.
Darius scratched his head in confusion, his eyes turning on Tarakis. “Just what in the name of Blarth did you do exactly? Besides climb the bloody mountain like a jack rabbit?”
Kai’las appeared as if he were about to add something when Valen turned back around, seeing that Tarakis was, most likely, wearing a big grin underneath his mask. “It is his deranged sense of humor. Pay him no attention. He knows he did nothing.”
The others let it go as they went about preparing themselves to continue on. Tarakis watched them, becoming thoughtful. Something had been gnawing on his mind and he could not figure out what it was until finally it came to him. It is my conscience! He had never thanked the Angel for saving his life. It never even occurred to him to do so… until then. “So, that is what a conscience is, huh?” He said to himself, realizing it was something he did not want to carry around with him. Without giving much thought to it, he stepped towards Makaelah, quietly clearing his throat to get her attention. “Uh, it seems that I never thanked you for saving my life.” She turned and regarded him curiously, inducing him to quickly add, “So… you have my thanks.”
Makaelah stared at him briefly when a small smile formed across her mouth. “You are truly welcome, but there is no need to thank me. I would say you were very lucky. To be honest, from the state of your wound, I did not expect you to heal so quickly. You suffered a wound that any mortal would have died from very rapidly.”
Tarakis shrugged his shoulders. “Well, I suppose it is a good thing I am not a mortal then.”

†

 Inside, the caves were mysteriously lit with a natural low light. The companions were also surprised to find that the seven foot by five foot pathway ascended instead of descending, which was what they had expected, having entered from the top of the mountain. 
Darius took it upon himself to lead the way with Makaelah close at his heels. “Watch your step.” He warned, having seen rough, uneven patches in the stone pathway.
“I wonder who was last to walk through these caves.” Xilton mumbled to no one in particular. “And when that was.”
“Perhaps it was before the last Bursting. A millennia ago.” Airrak spoke up. “Those seeking the weapon. Or for all we know, they were unlucky in discovering the caves and the last to walk these cold caverns were the heroes who stopped the Bursting two millennia’s ago.”
While he followed behind the others, Kai’las held his palms up, inspecting them as he walked. Reaching over, his hand glided across the wall of the cave and his brows furrowed in confusion. “Am I the only one who feels the effects of these caves?” 
Makaelah immediately stopped. “No, you are not.” She glanced back at him, gasping in surprise.
“Holy Faustus!” Tarakis stared up at him. “What happened to you?” 
At the Rogue’s comment, all were curious, feeling the need to turn back and have a look at what he was referring to.
Kai’las drifted his bright green iridescent eyes over his companions while they stared at him in wonder. If his features were heightened before they were now enhanced by ten-fold, for he was even more so strikingly beautiful. Golden skin shimmered while his pale hair lustrously flowed to his waist amid the glorious amber iridescent wings folded at his back. A soft faint golden glow emitted forth from his entire form.
“By the Gods.” Xilton uttered as she gazed upon him in wonderment. “Kai’las?”
“You asked me before of my true form.” He replied with a deep mesmerizing voice and a smile which was all too stunning. “Well, it appears you are now witnessing it. For reasons I cannot explain, my powers do not work in here, hence my glamour spell has been broken.” There was humor in his eyes when Kai’las leaned back against the wall of the cave and folded his arms, his glowing eyes drifting across the nine of them. “This should be incredibly interesting.”
Makaelah, who had been staring at him in amazement, shook her head, attempting to clear it. “Yes, I uh… I have no abilities in here as well.”
Sir Tavannos reluctantly peeled his gaze away from the Fae for a moment when he turned a concerned look at the Mage. “Airrak?”
 Airrak shook his head, a grim expression on his face. “No magic whatsoever.”
Tarakis rolled his eyes. “Terrific. A magical cave which dispels magical abilities. There should have been a disclosure about that.”
“Hmph. We have weapons. We do not need magic.” Shadowhawk snapped, forcing herself to turn away from the Fae. “Need I remind everyone eventually these caves will fill with water? I suggest we move.”
“The Elf is right.” Darius admitted, though his eyes kept drifting to the back, towards Kai’las. Damnit, he thought while giving his head a shake and casting his eyes on the others. Need to focus. “Watch for anything that appears odd or different. Something which seems like it should not be here.” Without any maps or any others with knowledge of the caves he had no idea what to expect.
“Very well.” Xilton motioned to the others behind her. “But you all go ahead of me. I will stay near the back.”
“Well, that hardly seems fair.” Tavannos folded his arms. “Why do you get to walk near the Fae?”
“Well, Kai’las and I have been traveling together and I had spoken up first.”
Valen scrubbed a hand down his face and grumbled, “Oh, for the love of the Gods. We need to get on with this. I suggest the Fae move up.” He turned and cast a glance back, his eyes locking with Kai’las’ and Valen knew in that instant what a mistake it was. He cleared his throat and the Warrior surprised himself at how polite his words sounded when he spoke, “Kai’las, would you mind moving up to walk beside Szarzekk?”
Kai’las pushed off the wall. “Not at all.” He moved up past the others to walk behind the Undead Warrior, who had Shadowhawk, Makaelah and Darius in front of him.
“Now wait a minute. I was beside him first.” Tarakis voiced but when his eyes shot up and he saw the level look Valen was giving him, the Rogue added, “alright, but… perhaps we can all take turns.”

†

Darius continued to lead his companions as they inclined for nearly an hour through the dimly lit cold caves, keeping their eyes open for anything out of the ordinary. They followed the one and only path before them which was why it came as a surprise when it suddenly ended abruptly.
“No!” Makaelah grumbled. “How could this be? There was no other pathway.”
Darius shook his head. “No. There was no other path.” He stared at the dead end of the cavern wall for several moments before turning to her. “Can you see something I may be missing?”
“I see nothing but a cold stone wall. Even if there were an illusion here, I would not see it... not while in these caves.” Makaelah eyed him from the side. “Have you already forgotten I have no abilities in here?”
“Forgive me.” Humor laced his tone. “I have made no promises of being anywhere near perfect. Remember I am only a mere human.”
“You are no mere human.” Makaelah’s golden eyes met his icy blue ones. “Step aside.” She stepped forward, squeezing in next to him in the tight space and examining the wall of the cave.
Immediately feeling claustrophobic in the small, confined space, Darius tried to take a step back, only to find there was nowhere for him to go, for his other companions were pressed close behind. He sighed and stood stiffly, watching as Makaelah ran her hands along the wall, searching for anything their eyes may have missed. “Does…” Darius cleared his throat. “Does it seem unusual to you?” Behind Szarzekk, he heard Kai’las let out a small chuckle but he did not dare turn his eyes to have a look.
Makaelah shook her head. “So far, no. There is no difference.” She continued to search, not tearing her eyes away as she went about it. Reaching halfway down on the right side, she discovered a loose stone. “Here it is.” Taking ahold of his hand, Makaelah moved it to the stone in question.
“Aye, I feel it.” Darius pulled his hand free from hers. “Move back.” He grumbled.
“I daresay there is no need to treat her with such disrespect.” Sir Tavannos spoke from behind.
Darius raised an eyebrow and slowly turned. “You daresay? I meant no disrespect to Makaelah and she knows this. I would suggest you not stick your nose in where it does not belong, Vlondorian.”
“What did you find?” Valen asked.
“There is a loose stone in the wall of the cave.” Darius called back. “Which may be all it is, but since it is the only thing we have found, it seems unlikely. You should all move back around the corner.” He gave his companions ample time to hike back down the path, although they all seemed to gather around Kai’las instead. Darius sighed and shook his head, pushing the stone inward. A thick haze instantly covered the stone wall in front of them and once the haze lifted, he could see the outline of a door. He looked at Makaelah, exchanging a small smile.
“What is it?” Xilton asked. “We cannot see much from here.”
Tarakis turned to the Monk. “I assume he was expecting an explosion of some sort but since that did not occur he must have done something right.” He began inching closer to the Fae until Tavannos stepped directly into his path, looking down at him.
“A door.” Szarzekk’s deep voice rumbled.
Airrak nodded. “Yes, it appears to be a door but why do they not open it?”
 “What is holding us up?” Tarakis said, trying to push his way through once again.
Shadowhawk took a sharp breath as she listened to Darius and Sir Tavannos spur angry words at each other up and down the path. “The Warrior and the Knight cannot seem to get on too well.”
“Blazing pits, I am surrounded by bloody idiots.” Valen mumbled. “Would one of you just please open the Gods forsaken door?”
Darius growled, turning from the door. His teeth clenched. “As soon as I am certain there is no trap set.”
Tarakis’ eyes lit up. “Trap? Did he say trap?”
Valen sighed. “Very wise. And did you find any?” He asked, ignoring the Rogue.
Darius gave a shake of his head. “No.”
“Then I say open it.” Valen’s eyes narrowed. “Unless you think you need help with that as well.”
Darius made a derisive sound as he turned and faced the door. There was no knob or handle to be found, so he gave it a hard push while pulling Makaelah behind him, taking a cautious step back. They watched as the door slowly swung inward.
The doorway led them into a brightly lit empty square room of approximately thirty by thirty in size. Once they had all stepped inside, the door disappeared as mirrored panels shot down from the ceiling, covering the walls with no exit door to be seen.
Kai’las caught his reflection in one of the mirrors and was surprised to see its iridescent eye wink back at him. “Hmm...” He mumbled, rubbing his chin. His look-a-like suddenly stepped out of the mirror with large amber wings ruffling behind as it unsheathed a sword which was an exact replica of Glimmer. Kai’las readied his own sword and took a quick second to glance at his companions, finding they were already involved in their own battles with each of their reflections.
Airrak drew his dagger, slicing his clones arm and, immediately feeling a cut on his own arm. “Of course, Gaminus Ofeelious.” He exclaimed, almost excitedly. A centuries old spell. Not one he himself had ever performed or experienced so he had no idea how to break it. But Airrak was aware that for every strike a person made against their clone, they themselves would take the injury, while it did nothing to the clone. So there would be no point to even try and attempt to take it down. All Airrak could do was avoid it while trying to figure out how to break the spell.
Tarakis also learned the hard way when he thrust his dagger into his twins neck and blood gushed from his own. He grunted in pain, pulling a kerchief from one of his many pockets and covering it, attempting to stop the blood flow. Although he learned rather quickly that he must have hit a major artery, for very soon he fell to the floor unconscious, a puddle of blood rapidly growing around him.
Makaelah heard the Mage speak out a couple of words but she was too involved with trying to keep her double at bay. As the clone moved in on her fast, she stabbed it straight through the mid-section and cried out, doubling over from the sudden pain. Makaelah straightened and stumbled backwards against one of the mirrored panels, sliding to the floor as shimmering blue blood quickly gushed around her.
Darius watched in horror from the corner of his eyes as Makaelah fell, his heart leaping in his chest, for his only thought was to rush to her but his clone was not allowing it. Fortunately, it did not take him long to realize that not only was he taking the injuries it gave to him but also what he inflicted on it while it did nothing to his opponent. Looking over at Shadowhawk and Szarzekk, he frowned. They seemed to be the only ones without attackers. Darius took a hit across the face, drawing his attention back to his double. He growled and braced himself before slamming his foot into his clones left arm and knocking the sword free, although, it caused incredible pain in his own arm. Immediately, Darius bent down and picked up the sword. He rammed his elbow into his twin’s side, taking his breath away for a brief moment before he turned, kicking the other sword free from its grip. The Warrior painfully stumbled over to where the weapon lay and retrieved it, then staggered to Makaelah’s side.
“Look through the mirrors.” Shadowhawk shouted at Szarzekk. “But whatever you do, do not look into the eyes of your reflection.” The Elf searched for a hidden door or some way to stop what was happening to her companions. From what she had seen, when the others had locked eyes with themselves in the mirrors, that was the moment their reflections had come to life.
“Yes, it is a spell.” Airrak responded while just narrowly missing a backhanded hit from his opponent’s fist. “Perhaps you did not hear me a moment ago when I alerted everyone to that fact.”
“I did.” Valen grumbled, using his foot to knock his clone back several feet, causing himself to stumble back. “I am just wondering why you have not yet figured out how to break it, Mage.”
Airrak ducked, avoiding yet again another punch from his twin, and choosing that moment to move as far from it as he could. “It is not a spell which I am intimate with.”
“It is not a wench, Mage.” Valen said, shaking his head. “It is just a spell and spells are made to be broken. Are they not? Break it, before we are all lying on the floor bleeding out.”
“I meant knowledgeable.” Airrak clarified, dodging his opponent once again. “I know next to nothing of it.”
“My friend…” Sir Tavannos elbowed his look-a-like in the side before ramming into it and sending it stumbling backwards across the room, he rubbed his own side from the consequences of the elbow strike. “Think hard, for if there is anything you know it would be a good idea to at least try something. It seems we have already lost the Rogue, the Monk and the Angel.”
Airrak took a brief moment to regard the bloody scene which lay before them. Xilton laid crumpled up in a corner, beaten to death. She was a bloody mess, her clone standing above her with a blank expression on its face. Tarakis was just a few feet away laying in a puddle of his own blood, his hand over the bloody kerchief on his throat. His twin was standing beside him as well. Makaelah lay across the room with Darius sitting by her side as his clone beat on him, not seeming to let up for even an instant. “Even if I did recall the details of the spell, I am afraid it would be useless, for I have no magic here.” He lowered his head, feeling utterly helpless. Suddenly, Airrak was sent flying when his look-a-like backhanded him. He rolled to the floor, several feet away.
As Szarzekk’s rage began to rise, the room felt as though it were spinning out of control. Letting out a loud battle cry, the Undead Warrior threw his great axe, barely taking notice as it flew across the room, striking one of the mirrored panels and shattering it into a thousand pieces. Through eyes of fury, Szarzekk watched as Airrak’s clone disappeared just as it raised its hand to assault the Mage yet again.
Surprised that his clone did not strike him, Airrak raised his head, noticing it had vanished. He gave Szarzekk a weak smile. “You did it!”
Szarzekk peered over at Shadowhawk from across the room and his deep voice thundered. “Shatter the mirrors.”
The Elf gave a nod and the two of them wasted no time, speeding around the room as they smashed each mirror until the spell was broken in its entirety.
“How did you know to shatter the mirrors?” Shadowhawk asked while moving to help Xilton stand. Since the spell had been lifted, the Monk’s wounds had completely disappeared, leaving only a bloody mess remaining.
“I cannot take credit for the thought coming to me.” The Undead Warrior paused. “The truth of the matter is, I had grown angry and threw my weapon.”
Valen clapped him on the back. “Well then, it is good for us you decided to release your rage instead of holding it in.” Szarzekk nodded as Valen sheathed his sword and indicated to a wall where a door now stood. “And see… you have found us the way out.”
“Well done.” Sir Tavannos turned, kneeling down beside his longtime friend. “How do you fair?”
“Well… I suppose.” Airrak blew out a breath. “Now that this horrendous ordeal has ended, do an old friend a favor and help me up, will you?”
“Of course.”
Makaelah awoke covered in the pale blue blood of the Celeyians but the deep wound she had suffered was gone. She stared up at Darius who leaned over her, his face and head were covered in his own blood.
“You alright?” He spoke quietly.
“I am… you?” 
Darius nodded but did not have a chance to say anything more before Kai’las was there standing beside them.
“Makaelah.” The Fae grinned and crouched down beside her. “Do you require assistance?”
“Kai’las.” She smiled, gazing into his eyes. As it always was, he did not appear to have a single drop of blood on him. “I… I am fine.” Makaelah sat up, glancing down at the pool of blood which had gathered around her.
Kai’las nodded, then eyed Darius. “And you, my friend?”
The Warrior’s eyes softened when they looked upon him and he immediately peeled them away, clearing his throat. “Yes, I am fine. Perhaps you would like to check in on the Rogue. He did not appear well the last I saw him.”
Kai’las chuckled and opened his mouth to speak when Tarakis’ voice came from behind. “Kai’las, are you well?” He stood and turned, finding the Rogue standing before him, seemingly concerned.
He spread his hands in a gesture. “As you see, my friend, I am just fine.”
“Yes.” Tarakis eyed him from the side. “You know, I was worried.”
Kai’las raised a brow. “I can see that.” 
“You should stick by me. I will watch your back.” The Rogue said as the two of them walked from the room.
Darius and Makaelah sat in silence for a moment before he came to his feet. “Shall I help you up? It seems everyone else has already departed this disturbing room.” Makaelah gave a nod. The two of them moved in silence as Darius helped her from the cold floor, taking care not to slip on the blood lying all around them, red mixed with blue. He grabbed their fallen packs and weapons as they stepped towards the door.
The immortals traveled uphill for another hour or so, the stone pathway narrowing at various points before widening once again. Soon, they found themselves face to face with another door. As with the first one they encountered, there was no knob or handle to be seen and when pushing on it did nothing, they immediately began looking for a hidden lever, their search proving futile. A few of them began getting frustrated, their frustration, leading to more than one argument. When the sounds of musical chimes echoed loudly throughout the caves, it quieted them, their eyes suspiciously flying all around.
“That was completely... peculiar.” Tarakis mumbled once the chiming had ended. He gestured at the door. “Was that writing on the door when we first got here?”
Valen frowned and slowly said, “No. It was not.”
Elegant writing was now etched across the upper portion of the door which read,
“Spirits of the past will be in sight for those who choose the path of light. Some will see their future revealed, though keep your lips tightly sealed.”
Tarakis ran his hand over the script on the door, his brows furrowing. “What do you suppose it means?”
Airrak, hearing the Rogue, decided to offer what answer he could. “I do not know exactly what it means, but, I can tell you that I do not believe it is a magical script.”
“Not magical.” Shadowhawk muttered, shaking her head. “So, what then?”
Airrak gave her a shrug in response but it was Valen, standing behind the Elf, who answered, “Nothing good, I am sure.” Reaching out, he gave the door a slight push and this time it opened just a crack, revealing nothing but darkness beyond. “After you, Elf.”
Shadowhawk mumbled words in elven, unsheathing her sword. She cautiously opened the door all the way, stepping in and glancing around in disbelief, for all but Valen had simply vanished.
“Bloody pits.” His deep voice grumbled as he watched the room change before his eyes.
Shadowhawk’s heart raced while she scanned the room, realizing it was the exact replica of her home when she was a young elfling. A fireplace sat at the far wall and arranged in front of it was a small round table with two wooden chairs on each side. Both chairs were decorated with beautiful intricate carvings throughout. She remembered watching the Wild Elves build the chairs when she was young. A window was set to the left of the fireplace where Shadowhawk would gaze out every morning, watching the birds fly through the trees, hopping from branch to branch. The small cottage was torn down long ago and replaced with a larger one. Some liked to hold on to things which served as reminders, but not Shadowhawk. It was easy for her to let them go. As she looked around, she could not believe what she was seeing and when her eyes drifted back to the chairs in front of the fire, her heart about stopped. Sitting in one was a beautiful elven female with the same color hair and eyes as herself. “Mele’or?” Shadowhawk whispered in disbelief.
Her mother gave her a look over her shoulder, smiling. “Hello child.”
“She is your mother?” Valen asked.
“Yes.” The Elf answered.
“Has it been a while since you last saw her?”
“Yes. I would say so. Since she has been dead for over seventy years.” Shadowhawk silently walked over and sat down in the chair next to her mother as if it were any other day.

†

As the door opened wider, the room brightened and the others watched Shadowhawk and Valen enter the empty room, the two of them appeared to be seeing something the rest of them could not. Kai’las, being curious, took ahold of Makaelah’s hand and stepped into the room, hearing a low sound of protest come from Darius as they went. The moment they entered, all of their other companions disappeared. 
Kai’las eyed the Seraph, noticing her unease. “I am not certain I like the thought of us all being separated, such as we are. But I am happy to be with you.” He gave her a wink.
Makaelah smiled. “Agreed. There is no other I would rather be stranded with.”
Kai’las’ grin turned wicked. “Oh, I can think of another.” He turned and the lighting in the room started to become incredibly dim while the walls faded, no longer visible. 
Makaelah could not see anything beyond five paces of them, for the darkness swallowed everything. She took a step closer to Kai’las. “I do not like this. I feel someone is watching us.” A low grumble came from off in the darkness, verifying the feelings she was having, they were not alone. The two of them locked eyes. “What was that?”
Feeling a lump in his throat, Kai’las swallowed hard. For some reason or other, it all seemed incredibly familiar to him, though he could not yet understand why. 
Makaelah regarded him, sensing something was on his mind. “What do you know?”
Kai’las shook his head. “I am not certain I know anything. There is just something about this which feels all too… odd.” Another low growl came through, sounding closer to them than the first and the Fae’s eyes widened in recognition. “I think I may know what this is and trust me… it is nothing good.”

†

“What just happened?” Tarakis drew the words out slowly. Sir Tavannos appeared to be the only one of his comrades who was still there with him.
The Knight shifted his stance. “It would seem we have stumbled upon another one of the Greater Goddesses challenges.”
“Is that so? How did you come to that conclusion?” The Rogue jeered, earning him a glower from the man, showing he was in no mood for his humorous remarks. Tarakis turned away, rolling his eyes. “Figures I would get stuck with Sir Do No Wrong.” He mumbled under his breath. “It should have been Kai’las.”
The empty room began filling with mist, so much so they could not see beyond a couple of paces in front of them. Once it finally dissipated, their surroundings had changed. They now stood outside surrounded by people, though none seemed to be able to see Sir Tavannos and the Rogue standing about.
Tarakis’ eyes drifted around. “Do you recognize this place?” 
The Knight stayed silent as he began walking forward, Tarakis following close on his heels. Tavannos glanced to his left, seeing the walls of the southern castle before he noticed all the men running about. There were knights in full armor, riding on horseback who appeared as though they had just taken part in a battle, judging from their roughed up appearances. Finally, Sir Tavannos realized why it all seemed familiar to him. It was a battle. The Goblin Wars. He remembered he had only been around two and ten years old, he himself too young for battle at that time. He did not participate until years later. A thought came to him suddenly and the Knight started off at a run.
“Hold up!” Tarakis shouted, hurrying after him. “Why the rush?”
Tavannos ignored him, his mind set on someone or something. Tents which served as a temporary basecamp were lined up surrounding the southern castle. The Knight ran amongst the tents, dodging in and out of soldiers, who did not appear to see him. He found what he was searching for, coming to a dead stop, causing Tarakis to crash into the back of him, but Sir Tavannos did not even notice, for he was too focused on what was in front of him.
The Rogue stood bent over with his hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath. “I give up. What are we doing here?” Tarakis stared at the only person in the area which was a boy in his teens. “Who is he?”
The Knight’s eyes showed intense emotion, for he could hardly contain it. He did not know whether to laugh or cry, or both, but his voice trembled when he said, “That, my friend, is me when I was a lad.”

†

When Darius stepped in, it was as though the room itself blinked and an instant later, he was alone with Xilton. “What in all the levels of Faustus?” He mumbled.
The Monk’s heart pounded while she scanned the brightly lit empty room. “Where are the others? Where is Kai’las?”
Darius scrubbed a hand down his face and shook his head. In the next moment, the room began blinking rapidly and ending with a bright flash of light. The two of them realized they were no longer in the room, but outside on an empty field where it appeared as though a battle had just taken place. Bodies, both human and Goblinoid, lay scattered for as far as their eyes could see.
Xilton peered around, surprised at what she was seeing. “Where are we?” She asked, finding herself more intrigued than she was alarmed.
Darius recognized the place instantly, though he could not explain why they were there. It was a day in history that had and would haunt him for the rest of his life. He scanned the grounds, spotting what he was searching for eighty paces in the distance. Setting off, he ran towards it. Darius slid to a stop beside the body of a younger man with dark brown hair and deep blue eyes staring blankly skyward. He stood looking down at the body with several emotions running through him. “So young.” He whispered.
Xilton could not help but notice the sorrow in Darius’ eyes. “Who was he?”
He did not realized she had followed him until she spoke. Darius took a deep breath, exhaling slowly. “Xilton Taregan, meet Gavril Varen… my brother.” He dropped to his knees next to the body.
  
†

Szarzekk scanned the room, locking eyes with the Mage, who was the only one left with him. “What is this?”
“I am afraid I do not know the answer to that, though I assume the script on the door has something to do with it.” Airrak peered around the room. “But what could our purpose possibly be in an empty room?” No sooner did he speak those words when the room started to shift and change, causing his heart to jump to his throat.
The two of them tried desperately to steady their feet to keep from being thrown to the floor, though it was difficult without having anything to take ahold of, aside from each other. When the shifting finally began to subside, the room they were once in was gone and they were now standing outside on dry rocky land. All around them, human soldiers fought fearlessly against Goblins.
“We are in the middle of the Goblin Wars.” Szarzekk stated.
“Yes, I believe we are.” Airrak had no idea why Szarzekk grabbed him as he went to take a step back, until he turned around and saw they were high atop a cliff. His heart pounded when he looked down at a two-hundred-foot drop to a rocky terrain below. He turned, gazing up at Szarzekk. “Thank you, my friend.” The Undead Warrior nodded, the both of them taking a few cautious steps backwards. “I must say, we are definitely no longer in the caves.”
“No, we are not. We are at the Cliffs of Silver Mountain.”
“You know this place, Szarzekk? Why are we here?”
There was confusion in Szarzekk’s voice when he replied, “I do not know why we have been brought here, but yes, I think I do know this place. And I cannot be entirely certain but… I believe this was where I died.”

†

“I do not understand this.” Shadowhawk flatly said. “Why am I seeing you? Have I suddenly become brainsick?”
Her mother laughed softly. “No, D’ae Feon, you are not insane. I am here because you called upon me.”
Shadowhawk hissed. “I did not.” When she remembered whom she was speaking to, she cleared her throat, changing the tone of her voice. “I mean, I did not call upon you mother.” It was true the Elf had been thinking of her lately but she was certain she did not call out for her. Shadowhawk was still not entirely convinced she was not mad.
The older elf did not seem to notice Valen standing behind them, leaning against the wall. She looked at Shadowhawk, frowning. “Tsk, tsk, tsk. Forever snapping at those around you, are you not? You were always such a happy elf. Always smiling. You have changed too much. What happened to you, my daughter?”
Shadowhawk turned away. “I grew up.” Her mother was just as she remembered, beautiful and with the most caring eyes. How is this possible I am seeing her, she wondered.
The older elf shook her head in disagreement. “No. Your heart is full of hatred. Do you not know, D’ae Feon, you cannot blame all males for my death?”
“I do not blame them all, just the human ones.” It was true she disliked all humans but the males were worst in her eyes. “They are vicious and you of all know they cannot be trusted.” Behind her, Valen cleared his throat, a clear reminder he was all too human, though she chose to ignore him.
“I was slain by brigands, D’ae Feon, in the dark of the woods. Not by the hands of a half- God Warrior or even a Fae Prince in the guise of a human. And it was long ago.”
“Not for an elf.”
“You must forget and most importantly, you must move on.”
The Elf’s eyes filled with anger. “I will never forget.” She stood abruptly.
Sorrow filled her mother’s eyes. She came to her feet, taking her daughter’s hands into her own. “You may never forget, D’ae Feon, but you will eventually accept those you are with. Although I fear it will take something traumatic for this to happen.”
“I have already gone through the traumatic when I lost you by human hands in Dark Woods.” Shadowhawk hissed, tearing her hands free from her grasp.
A sad smile formed on the older elf’s mouth. “Traumatic for you, yes. Though I speak of devastation.”
Shadowhawk stared at her a moment before taking a deep breath. “You are not real. It is not possible for you to even be here.” When those words were out of her mouth, the room began to shake, startling Shadowhawk as her elfling home started shifting and changing. The ground rolled and jerked under their feet and Valen grabbed ahold of the Elf’s arm to keep her from being thrown to the ground. When everything calmed down, they were standing outside under a blue sky, and though the clear sky was beautiful, Valen had the instant feeling of dread.
“Watch out!” Shadowhawk shouted.
The Warrior turned around just as a large piece of rock shot towards him. He did not even have time to react or move out of the way but instead of harming him, the large stone passed right through him.
Shadowhawk’s natural tan skin had appeared to pale while she stared at him in open shock, her eyes wide. “Please do not die.” She snapped.
Valen grinned. “Were you concerned for me?”
“Hmph.” The Elf hissed as the color slowly returned to her face. “I simply did not want to have to carry your body out of here.”
Valen chuckled. “I am not certain it would be even possible in here, Elf. But I thank you for your concern, whether you want to admit it was concern or not.”
“Why is it that humans become so entangled in fantasies?” She mumbled.
Valen quickly thought of her words. “Fantasy?” He voiced, catching her attention. “Tell me, D’ae Feon…” He noticed the scowl on her face when he used her elven name. “That is what your mother called you, is it not?”
“That name is not for you to use!” She sneered. “You will address me as Shadowhawk.” Clearly agitated, she spat out what followed, “human.”
“As you wish, Shadowhawk.” He said, having no intention of starting a confrontation. There was something about this elf that reminded him of someone and from what he had seen so far, despite her attitude, she was a most formidable and capable warrior, a worthy comrade. Valen was thoughtful a moment, seeing that she was about to turn away. “This may come as somewhat of a surprise to you… but I am rather close to an elf back home.”
“Hmph.” She muttered. “Most likely some high and mighty High Elf or mystically strange Wood Elf ally which you have recruited to your human cause.” She turned her back on him.
That stopped Valen dead in his tracks as he stood, shaking his head. As Shadowhawk turned away he could not help but set her straight. “No.” He exclaimed. “She is not an ally, so to speak. Although, she has been by my side in countless battles.” His words earned her attention once again. She turned to face him, about to speak, though he cut her off as he continued. “She is my consort. And I care deeply for her.” Valen appeared a touch embarrassed having confessed what he had, but he quickly recovered his composure. “And she is not a High Elf nor a Wood Elf. It is even worse than that.” He paused before adding, “She is a half-elf.” He did not wait for her to reply before he began walking past her. “Let us get on with this.”
Shadowhawk stood for a moment in thought, not certain how she felt about it all. She was about to follow after him when she looked out and noticed all the people. “Valen…”
“Aye… I see them.” He answered though he could hardly believe his eyes, for standing just a short distance away were all of their companions, including themselves. 

†

“Tell me what you know.” Makaelah said, moving closer to Kai’las.
Kai’las’ iridescent eyes glowed. Nothing truly frightened the Fae Prince, but if this thing was what he thought it was, then the Gods help them. Kai’las’ striking eyes darted all over the place while he began to tell his friend what he knew. “Many years ago in Faery there came this creature who terrorized our lands. No one knew where this thing had come from since it just seemed to appear one day. At first we thought it may have been an Unseelie, but when it began killing off Dark Fae as well, we knew it was not the case. Once we realized it was an Underfae, creatures so horrid, they belong to neither the Light nor the Dark Fae, my father, and the Unseelie King, Ne’varth, came together. It was one of the few times the Light and Dark Fae worked together in peace. The two Kings sent out groups of soldiers to capture and kill the Underfae, unfortunately, none ever returned.” Kai’las turned, staring the Seraph in the eyes. “Makaelah… if that is what this is…” He shook his head. “Without my powers…” 
Makaelah gave him an encouraging smile. “We will take care of it together.” She unsheathed her long sword.
Kai’las grinned. “Too bad the magic of your sword will not work in here either.” Another growl came which sounded even closer than the first, inducing the two of them to turn back towards the darkness.
The area around them began to brighten until they were finally able to discern where they were. It was daytime and they were outside near a small creek. The ground was covered in bright green grass with hundreds of colorful flowers scattered throughout and several trees lined the horizon. An aqua blue sky shown above with two distant moons and patches of pure white clouds.
“Is this Faery?” Makaelah asked, knowing already what his answer would be.
Kai’las grinned. “Indeed it is.” When an eight-foot-tall creature with pasty white skin and large black eyes came barreling at them from the trees in the distance, the Fae’s smile faltered. The Underfae had completely no hair on it whatsoever and its large four fingered hand carried the biggest battle axe they had ever seen.
“Is it what you thought?”
“That it is.” Kai’las nodded while not tearing his eyes away from the creature rushing at them. He drew his sword. “Strange though, I get no emotions from it.” He peered at her from the side. “You need to run Makaelah.”
“You think I would leave you to face this… this thing by yourself? If you do, then you do not know me well at all.”
Kai’las turned and faced her fully, laying a hand on her shoulder. “You really should… please.” The creature picked up speed coming at them now at a full run and Kai’las used all his strength, pushing her out of the way and sending her flying backways into some soft shrubbery. Kai’las did not wait for the Underfae to reach him first before he ran towards it, jumping on top of the creature and causing the two of them to fall backwards onto the ground. At first, Kai’las had the advantage while the Underfae lay pinned underneath him but as much moving and thrashing about as the creature did, the Fae lost his advantage rather quickly. Both of them back on their feet, Kai’las used his sword to block a powerful swing of the beasts battle axe, but the Underfae used his other hand to backhand him, causing the Fae to go flying towards an enormous thick tree. Before impact, Kai’las’ wings opened up and he shot into the air.
When he landed back on the ground, Makaelah could see a large welt already beginning to form around his cheekbone where the creature had struct him. “Kai’las.” She voiced as she moved forward, determined to help him.
He backed up. “Stay there, Makaelah. You need to stay away from me. It is here for me.” Kai’las moved back out in the open, intending to keep the creature away from the Seraph. The Underfae rushed at him once again, swinging its huge axe. Kai’las jumped out of the way just in time and then elbowed the beast in the face as he spun around.
“Kai’las, remember where we truly are!” Makaelah shouted. “I do not think any of this is real.”
Kai’las laughed. “Try telling that to my face. It feels pretty damn real to me.”
Makaelah shook her head. “How could it be? We are in the caves… remember? Clear your mind and perhaps it will go away.”
“You certain about that?”
“No, but it makes sense. More so than all of this does.”
The Underfae swung its weapon again and once more, Kai’las bounded into the air and hovered above. “My friend over there is fairly certain you are not real.” He mumbled to the Underfae. “Perhaps she is right since I distinctly remember killing you once before.” Kai’las growled and the creature began turning into a foggy mist along with everything else around them. It took some time but when their vision cleared, the two of them were surrounded by beautiful golden buildings with hundreds of Seraphim flying above them. “Makaelah…”
“Yes, we are on Celeya now.” She said, finishing his sentence.

†

“Alright.” Tarakis said. “We have established the ‘who’, now we need to figure out the ‘why’. Why are we here?”
With a shake of his head, Sir Tavannos replied, “I do not know.” Watching his younger self clean the sword of his mentor brought back so many memories he had forgotten. “I was a squire.”
“Yes, I can see that. But it still does not answer my question. Why are we here?” He asked again. “What is so important about this day? There must be something.”
Sir Tavannos sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. “I am trying to work it out. So far, it appears to me like every other day had started out back then.”
“Tavannos my boy…” A man’s deep voice came from behind and both he and Tarakis turned to see who had spoken it. Sir Tavannos instantly recognized the man who walked right through him, causing a shiver to rush through his body.
“Sir Gunthar.” Both older and younger Tavannos said at the same time, the Knight’s eyes filling with emotion once again.
“Your weapons are cleaned and prepared, Sir.” Young Tavannos said smiling.
“What a good lad you are.” Sir Gunthar ruffled the boy’s hair and picked up the two swords one at a time, sheathing them. “Perhaps later when I return we will have time for some sword training. Would you like that?”
The boy smiled wide. “Oh yes, I would. Many thanks, Sir.”
Gunthar smiled, his caring and appreciation for the boy showed when he gazed upon the teen. “Terrific. I look forward to it.” He bent down and began petting a medium size black dog. “Take good care of him, Shadow. He is a special one.” The knight winked at young Tavannos before straightening and walking away.
“Shadow. Everywhere I went that mutt followed.” Sir Tavannos quietly said with a smile. He glanced around. “The dog outlived most of these men. Even to this day.”
“The dog is still alive?”
Tavannos gave a laugh. “Aye.”
Tarakis appeared curious. “Seems like you were close with the knight. What happened that day?”
“We never made it to sword training.” Tavannos’ smile evaporated. “Sir Gunthar did not return from the battle. His party was ambushed by about a hundred Goblins. They never stood a chance.”
Seeing the sorrow in the Knight’s eyes, the Rogue silently watched him for a few moments. “I know all of this…” Tarakis gestured at everything around them. “Really did occur, but you do realize right here, right now, this is not real. We are actually in the caves.”
When it dawned on him what the Rogue was saying, Sir Tavannos cleared his throat. “Yes, of course. The caves.”
The area surrounding them began changing. To their left, the castle swirled around, bringing with it horses and knights and everything within its vicinity until it became a huge mass of nothing. Blackness took over for just a moment and when it cleared and the two of them could finally see, they were in a large city in the dark of night. 
Scanning around at the many people passing them by, the Rogue growled in the back of his throat. “Blazing black pits.”
“Rogue, do you know where we are now?”
“Oh yes.” Tarakis said, clearly unhappy. “I know exactly where we are… regrettably.”

†

“It was during the final year of the Goblin Wars. I had sworn to take care of him.” Darius said with a slight tremor in his voice. “I had not only promised my Captain, but my mother as well. I suppose I let them both down. We were surrounded by the creatures. They overwhelmed us. Gavril and I had gotten separated.” Brushing a hand through his dark hair, he continued. “By the time I got to him he was already gone.”
“He resembled you… quite a bit.” Xilton softly replied. “You carried the same surname?”
“Yes, it was Gavril’s father’s name. A man I do not even remember. He was hardly around.” Darius stared down at his brother’s body. “We grew up so close. It broke me to have to carry the news home to my mother. Usually the King would send one of his messengers out to relay the news to a fallen soldier’s family but… I could not let her hear it from anyone other than myself.”
“I am so sorry, Darius. I had no idea.” Xilton laid a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Loss is always such a difficult thing to have to go through. At the Monastery I have seen a few of the older monks pass on, although it is not the same as losing someone so close, I am sure.”
The Warrior stared at his brother’s eyes, wishing hard he could go back and change the events of that horrible day. He would give anything to have his brother back. If only the Celeyians would have sent help, I would have my brother, Darius thought.
“Was he your only sibling?”
He nodded and reached over, closing his brother’s eyes like he had done so many times in his dreams. Darius sat back and regarded their surroundings as a thought came to him. He stood. “Why are we here, Xilton?”
“I do not know.”
Darius frowned. “How have we come to be here when not a moment ago we were in the caves?” No sooner did Darius speak those words when the scenery around them began to change. Colors started to blend together, it seemed like everything around them was melting into a massive blob, becoming brighter and brighter until they both had to close their eyes from the intense light. When it subsided and they opened their eyes, Darius and Xilton were no longer outside on a bloody battlefield but standing inside a temple.
“Xilton.” A man said from behind. The Monk turned and standing near was a man in a knights armor. He was tall, with dark hair and he held a helmet in the crook of his arm. On the breastplate of his armor was the symbol of Alestra, the Goddess of Wisdom, her mother. Xilton was surprised to see his eyes were the same brown, slightly tilted eyes as her own.
He felt familiar to her, though she did not know why. As far as she could remember she had never seen him before in her life. “Do I know you?” Xilton asked curiously. “Who are you?”
The knight smiled and stepped slowly towards her. “I am called Luka Vale.” He answered and then added, “But you would call me father.”

†

“I have very little memories of my previous life.” Szarzekk cautiously peered over the cliff. “I know I was a Warrior and…” His words died off when something flashed across his vision and Szarzekk quickly stepped back from the cliff.
Four men, all humans, were on the cliff top. Three of them had the forth one backed up to the cliff, arguing back and forth, though Szarzekk could only grasp one word being said, a name, Audrick.
Airrak watched in wonder at what played out in front of him while the Warrior took a few more steps back, all the while keeping his eyes on the humans who did not appear to see him or Airrak standing there watching them. Szarzekk did not recognize any of the four men, but still, the whole incident seemed vaguely familiar to him and as uncomfortable as he felt near the cliff edge, he just knew in his gut something had happened to him there, in his life before.
The four men’s garbled words frustrated Szarzekk who truly yearned to know what was being said between them. All of their weapons came unsheathed in less than a second and the man at the cliff, Audrick, whom Szarzekk thought may have been him in his previous life, was suddenly fighting for his life. The man proved to be a worthy opponent, taking down two of his three attackers, but by then, Audrick had tired and the last man he faced still had strength left in him. He stabbed Audrick through the chest causing him to stumble further towards the cliff. He knew in that moment that he was going over, though he was going to make certain he did not go alone. With the sword still thrust in his chest, Audrick took hold of it, pulling the other man closer to him and dragging them both over the cliff together.
Szarzekk instinctively grabbed his chest, trying to feel something, anything which would tell him he had been Audrick, but there was nothing there in his memories. He sat down on a large rock, trying to piece together what he had just witnessed. “The memories I do have led me to believe I had died in the Goblin Wars.”
“That may still be the case, my friend.” Airrak glanced around. “There does seem to be a war in the midst. I would also say keep in mind that you have no idea if what we witnessed here was even remotely the truth.”
“Aye. It was. This I know deep in my inner core. It is a feeling I have not often, but I have learnt to trust it when it has shown itself.” The two of them were silent for a few moments before Szarzekk finally stood up. “It matters not. That life is gone. It is time we found our way back to the caves.”
Fog came and quickly spread around them, concealing everything in their eyesight. When the fog lifted moments later, the two of them found themselves actual participates in a battle for their lives. Although they could see all of their other companions with them, they could not tell who they were actually fighting, only whoever it was, they were powerful foes.

†

Valen and Shadowhawk had seemed to appear right in the middle of a battle, though neither of them could see the faces of their opponents nor their surroundings. The two of them witnessed their other selves fight the imposing forces, Valen with his bastard sword and the Elf with her short sword. It felt strange when one of their ‘companions’ would pass right through them as though they were mist.
“Why have we been brought here?” Shadowhawk hissed, trailing behind the Warrior.
“I wish I knew.” Valen answered, shaking his head. “But there has to be a purpose for it. Something you or I need to see.” He could not explain it but somehow Valen knew this was for him. They were there because he needed to see something. He walked around, stepping on what Valen thought at first to be bodies only it felt harder, more firm. He could not tell for certain what it was because when he glanced down, everything was a blur. “What am I missing?” He whispered while scanning the entire area. “What is it you wish me to see?”
The battle must have started to tapper down because everything became quieter. Valen turned and looked behind him, seeing he and his companions gathered around something lying on the ground and his gut twisted. Immediately, Valen started running towards them, their forms becoming hazier the closer he got. He felt like he was running in slow motion, having no idea what he would find once he finally reached them.
Valen did not realize Shadowhawk had been right behind him until he stopped and watched the scene before him. His other self was the only form he could fully see and he was on his knees cradling someone in his arms. Valen had no idea who the person was he held, for like the others, the body was completely hazed over and blurred out. But he knew whoever it was, he was severely wounded. The events he watched surprised him but what startled him the most was what came out of his other self’s mouth. “I will stay with him, for he is my brother.”
Valen stumbled backwards in shock. “What in all the levels of Faustus?” Behind him, Shadowhawk stood in silence, giving him a moment to try and grasp what he had just learnt. Then, scrubbing a hand down his face, Valen walked slowly around his other self, looking down at him holding this unknown person in his arms.
“Do you have a brother?” The Elf finally asked.
He slowly shook his head. “Not that I was aware of.”
“Who could it be?” 
“If only I knew. Why would they show me this?” Valen growled. “To learn I have a brother just to take him away… this is… bloody cruel.”
“So, you believe it to be real then?”
“How could it not be? You were shown your mother. Was she not real?”
“Yes, she was. Though I still do not know the reason for it.”
Valen laughed dryly. “It was a warning. To change the way you treat others. I thought it was very clear and I think you do as well. You just do not want to admit it to yourself.”
“You know nothing of me.” She hissed and walked away.
“I know enough.” Valen took one last look at the scene in front of him before he turned around and followed the Elf. “I trust you will not speak of what you have seen here with any others.”
“I will not. Just as I trust you will do the same.”
“Agreed.” He cast a glance around. “Now we need to figure out how to get back to those caves before more time is wasted on the ridiculous.” Valen stopped in his tracks for fear he would trip over something when it became instantly pitch black. Seconds later, the room brightened and they were once again back in the room in the caves. 

†

Kai’las stood in awe as his eyes scanned around the beautiful Celeya. It was everything he had pictured it to be. “We are obviously in your vision now.”
“Obviously.” Makaelah took deep breath. “I have missed my home.”
“I can see why you would. It is exquisite.” He smiled. “Now I can honestly say I have visited Celeya, if this counts.” He bent down and quietly said, “Let us pretend it does.”
Makaelah laughed, entwining her arm through his as she pulled him along to walk by her side. “It has consumed my thoughts recently. This is the longest amount of time that I have ever been away.”
“I know this is difficult for you. I must admit, I sometimes miss Faery, even though I have come and gone from it quite often throughout my lifetime.” As Kai’las spoke, his eyes drifted around in wonder, taking in the golden buildings and the sky, which was the most brilliant shade of blue Kai’las had ever seen. He peered above at all the Celeyians flying to and fro.
“I long to soar with them as well.”
His eyes brightened. “How did you know what I was thinking?”
Makaelah smiled. “It was not difficult. I could see the yearning in your eyes when you gaze upon them.”
Kai’las grinned. “Not difficult to hide, I am sure.” He noticed out of the corner of his eyes when a male Celeyian landed on the ground behind them. “Do not look now, beautiful, but I do believe we have company.” 
Makaelah smiled even before she turned around, for she knew who it was who stood behind them. “Elrendel.” She quietly said, turning to face her old friend.
Although the male Celeyian did not appear to share in her happiness, his words laced with anger. “Commander, it is about time you have returned.
“Elrendel? What troubles you, my friend?”
He sighed deeply. “What troubles me?” Elrendel snapped through clenched teeth. “Since you departed we have had two dragon invasions, costing the lives of seventy-three soldiers.” Makaelah gasped at his words while he continued speaking. “I had thought you would have returned much sooner.”
“Has the Ambassador…”
“Your mother is useless.” He growled, interrupting her while flames of anger lit up his eyes. “You of all know this. I trust you are staying, for your duties lie on Celeya.”
“You have not spoken to my father, Elrendel? He would tell you that what we are doing is vital to the multiverse.”
The male Seraph’s hands closed into fists at his sides. “You need to not only think of yourself.”
Kai’las turned and eyed Makaelah who seemed genuinely taken aback by her friends behavior. Putting an arm around her, the Fae pulled her closer to him. “I am sensing something different from this one, Makaelah.” He whispered.
Elrendel growled, stepping closer, his flaming eyes centered on Kai’las. “I will not be the only Celeyian to say you are not welcome here, Fae.”
“Elrendel.” Makaelah snapped, eyes narrowed, knowing something was not right.
The male Seraph continued to interject, speaking over her as he directed his comments toward Kai’las. “You and that lowly Warrior you travel with are only temporary companions. You are fools to think you could win the affections of one of the divine.”
Kai’las’ iridescent green eyes glowed with fury. “I do not believe you are who you claim to be, but either way I will not stand here and continue to be insulted.” He moved to take a step forward but Makaelah put a hand up, holding him back.
“You are right, Kai’las. This is not Elrendel.” She said. “He would never speak these words.” Makaelah glared at the male Celeyian who claimed to be her closest friend since they were young Seraphim. “Elrendel is kind to others, no matter who they are. Tell me who you are.” She demanded.
Elrendel started laughing, a laugh which became deep and bestial as the scenery changed around them. The blue sky and golden buildings of Celeya became a cold cavern and Elrendel’s form morphed into that of a large golden dragon with piercing blue eyes. “You are no fun, Commander.” The dragon said in a deep humorous voice.
“I am plenty fun when I am in the right company, dragon. But you waste my time. What is the point of this?”
The dragon laughed again. “I am here to give you a message, that is all.”
“Then speak it and be gone.”
“Very well.” The dragon lowered his large head, approaching closer. “When the time is right, you will know when to strike, although a sacrifice will have to be made.”
Makaelah shook her head. “I have no idea what you are speaking of.” 
“Not yet… but you will.”
“And when will this occur?”
The dragon grinned, showing gleaming sharp teeth. “That is something I cannot say. But take heed and remember my words.”
Makaelah stared a moment into his blue eyes before she turned and glanced around at the cold cavern, the look of it immediately reminding her of the caves. “We have no time for your games. It is time we left this place.” The cavern began fading out and she heard the dragon’s last words, “until we meet again, Commander... and we surely will,” right before they returned to the room in the caves, seeing that all of their companions were there along with them.
“Darius.” Makaelah muttered, seeing the Warrior across the room.
“He cannot see nor hear you.” Shadowhawk said from behind where she and Valen sat quietly on the floor, leaning against the wall. “None of them can.”
“Why is it we cannot hear them speak?” Kai’las asked.
“It is not for us to hear.” Valen answered.

†

Tarakis could not get over the fact that he was able to pass right through the people out walking in the street. “Fascinating.” He laughed while passing right through a woman who out for a night stroll.
“I find nothing amusing in this. We are not here for your enjoyment.” The Knight sneered, somewhat disgusted. “Have you figured out what we are doing here in Jovian Falls?”
“Nay. I search around but nothing stands out.” Right after he spoke, Tarakis looked across the street, catching sight of a man he recognized slip into a dark alley. “Bloody Blarth.” He muttered, sprinting off across the street without any warning to the Knight.
“What did you see?” Sir Tavannos yelled, rushing to hurry after him.
When they reached the front of the alley Tarakis skidded to a stop, turning to face his comrade. “It would probably be wise for you to stay here.” He gestured with his hands.
Tavannos’ eyes narrowed in suspicion. “Why? Where are you going?”
“Just down the alley a ways. I promise to return shortly.”
“But… what if you find yourself in need of my help?” The Knight clearly did not think it was wise for them to separate. 
The Rogue raised his hands. “Trust me, I will not need your help. If I can walk through someone, then there is nothing here which could hurt me. Now… I could have used your help here perhaps five years ago but you most likely would not have cared for me back then.”
“Well, I hardly care for you now but that is beside the point.”
“Hmph… I suppose no one could say you are not honest.” Tarakis muttered. “Anyways, what is it you Knights say? Ah, yes, on my honor, I will be right back. Just wait here.” He did not wait for a reply and ran off deeper into the alley, reaching the end where he found a window open on the right-side building. Walking through the wall near the window to get inside, Tarakis followed the voices leading him to a room at the end of a long hallway. Because he had been there before, he knew the closed door was locked but it did not keep him from getting inside. Tarakis stepped through that wall as well, finding two men sitting at a table where a large amount of coins and jewels were spread out. One of the men was tall and scrawny, with scraggly dark hair and seemed to be quite nervous, judging by the way he could not keep still, his eyes darting to and fro. The second man was tall and heavy-set with a shaved head and appeared to be more in charge than the other one. Both of the men wore mismatched dark leather armor which looked to have seen better days.
“Do ya think the ‘lil shite knows it twas us who turned him in to Quintin?” The dark-haired man said, nervously biting his nails.
“What?” Tarakis could not help but shout, even though the two men could not see or hear him. “Those backstabbing bastards!”
“Nay.” The bald headed one said as he regarded a large gemstone ring. “How could he know? So many o’ the udders knew what he’d dun. There’d be no way he could’ve figured it out.”
“Who was Quintin?” Sir Tavannos asked from behind him.
Tarakis jumped in startlement, throwing a hand to his chest. “I thought I told you to stay put?”
“You did. And did you honestly expect me to listen to you? There is only one person who I take orders from, which is my King. Now… who was Quintin?”
“Come on.” Tarakis gestured with his hand, turning to walk away.
Sir Tavannos trailed right behind him. “You did not answer my question. Also, who were those ruffians?”
“The bloody wankers who ruined my life.” He grumbled, stepping through the wall and back out into the alley. The Knight could tell Tarakis seemed clearly agitated. The Rogue turned around and considered Sir Tavannos who stood with one hand on his sword hilt and the other on his hip. “Fine. I will tell you but do not judge me. It is the life I chose to live.” When the Knight nodded, Tarakis took a deep breath. “You had Sir Gunthar… well my mentor was Quintin. He taught me everything I know about my… profession. A few years back, he had something I just had to have. So… bottom line is, I snuck into Quintin’s room at the Guild and I… I sort of took it.” Tarakis paused, rubbing his chin in thought. That was the first time he had talked about it since it all happened. “All this time I had no idea how Quintin found out… guess I know now.” 
“What…” Sir Tavannos started to speak, stopping to clear his throat. “What did he do to you?” Obviously he did not approve of the Rogue’s choice of profession but he was clearly interested in knowing.
Tarakis snorted. “What did he not do? That is what you should have asked. I was tortured for three days until I gave up the item in question and then tortured for three more just because he could. He would have eventually killed me if I had not escaped. To this day I still do not know how I was able to break those bindings.” Tarakis stopped talking as his mind wandered. “It is amazing what torture can to do a person. On a positive side, I am stronger now because of it.”
“I assume you are weary now every time you enter Jovian Falls.”
“Actually…” The Rogue laughed. “I never really left the city… until now.”
“You never left?” Sir Tavannos’ brows rose in surprise. “I would have never guessed it. You seem to have handled everything we have gone through as if you truly knew the world around you.”
Tarakis let out a short snort. “You would be surprised at how much can happen to you within the walls of a single city, especially one the size of the falls.” He was about to walk away when he quietly added, “Besides, Quintin is dead now. Killed by a rival Guild Member. So I have no issue with him any longer.”
“That is fortunate for you.”
“Yes, very fortunate.” Tarakis frowned scratching his chin. “Strange, I am not sure why this vision was chosen for me. Unless it was time for me to learn the truth.”
“Perhaps.” 
“Or maybe…” The Rogue stared off in the distance.
“What? Maybe what?”
“Well, last I heard Waldron and Pelham are still living. Perhaps I was shown this in case I decided to get revenge.”
The Knight’s eyes widened in surprise. “I hardly think that the reason. If anything, I think it may be a test. Yes, a test to see if either you use the information to seek revenge or choose to grant them forgiveness.”
Tarakis began laughing uncontrollably. It was not until a few minutes that he finally stopped and was able to speak two words. “Forgiveness. Right.” He started walking out of the alley. “Let us get out of here and find our way back to the caves.” Behind them the buildings swirled, growing larger as other things added to them until they became one giant, dark mass. Pitch blackness struck them for just a moment before everything brightened and they realized they were back in the room in the caves. “Well, that was fairly simple, was it not?”

†

Xilton frowned. “Father?” She shook her head. “But… my father is dead.” At least it was what she was led to believe.
Luka smiled. “No, I live child. I am a Knight for the Temple of Alestra, the Goddess of Wisdom… your mother.” 
“I... I do not understand.” Tears clouded her eyes. Xilton forced them back, swallowing hard. I am stronger than this, she told herself. 
“Circumstances for which were out of my control caused me to place you in the Monastery for the monks to care for.” When Luka gazed at her, the pain was evident in his eyes but he managed a slight smile. “I can see now I had made the right decision. You have grown into a strong and remarkable young woman. The monks have taught you much.”
Xilton’s jaw tightened. “Well, I did not have much choice in the matter, did I?” She coldly said. “All this time and now you decide to come forward?”
“There were reasons for what I had done.” Luka shook his head. “Believe me… “
“Believe you? I do not even know you.”
“Xilton…” He continued, even though what she just said tore him apart. “Every moment I had to spend apart from you broke my heart. It nearly broke me when I left you at the Monastery.”
Something gently pulled on her arm while she listened to Luka and finally Xilton turned to see Darius standing next to her. The Warrior’s eyes were glossy as well. She did not know if he was holding emotions for her or if he was still thinking of his fallen brother. “Xilton.” Darius smiled faintly. “We must go. You remember where we are, do you not?”
The Monk frowned. “So… this is not real?”
Darius gazed at her, his eyes full of concern. He may be a bastard at times but it bothered him to see her so upset. “I do not know.” He whispered. “But I promise you, we will look into it and find out. Right now… we have to go.”
She nodded shortly and then glanced one last time at the man who called himself her father. “I am not certain if any of this is true. If you are even real, but… “
“It is.” He interjected. “And I will find you and explain everything. I swear it.” Luka and Darius exchanged a nod just before the temple and everything around them, the knight included, turned to mist, and slowly disappeared.
Xilton could see forms start to appear when the mist began to dissipate and she ran to the first one of her companions who stood grinning at her. 
Kai’las enwrapped Xilton in his arms where she wept into his chest. He himself had not been able to see her vision but he knew her tears were real as were her emotions, which between her and Darius were heartbreaking.
Makaelah locked eyes with Darius, seeing the pain he always tried so desperately hard to keep others from ever seeing before he turned away. He went to sit down in a corner where he drew his knees up to his chest, resting his forearms on them and lowered his head, waiting for his remaining companions to complete their challenges. Makaelah knew at that point he wanted nothing but to be left alone.

†

After Airrak set off his spell at the evil forces that were attacking, he took a quick second to peer over at Szarzekk who was just finishing off whoever it was he had been battling before moving on to the next one. They still could not see who it was they were fighting.
“We need to discover why we are here so we can leave this place.” Szarzekk shouted to Airrak.
“Indeed we do.” The Mage yelled back, though he did not know how it could be possible when he had no time to search around to try and figure it out. One thing was certain, Airrak thought, if they had been given a glimpse of their future and this battle was indeed going to take place, they would have to prepare themselves, for whoever it was they were fighting were powerful foes.
“I believe this is your vision, my friend. So if you could please make haste, it would be greatly appreciated.” Szarzekk said and then added in jest, “Preferably before I die a second time.”
“Duly noted.” Airrak nodded and prepared himself to begin another spell, but before he had a chance to cast the spell, everything around him instantly changed once again.
They suddenly seemed to come at once to the tail end of the battle. Blurred bodies lay scattered about but Airrak’s breathing relaxed when he saw that he and his comrades were all still standing, although some appeared more bruised and battered than others and all clearly exhausted as they fought on.
Airrak felt weakened, as though he truly had fought through a battle and yet he still did not know what he was doing there until he turned, his heart nearly stopping. Tavannos, his longtime friend, lay not ten paces away with a sword buried deep in his chest. Airrak locked eyes with Szarzekk for just a brief instant before the Mage rushed to his comrade, falling to his knees, and gently pulling the Knight into his arms.
“Airrak, my friend.” Tavannos said weakly.
“Shh... do not speak.” The Mage teared up. “Save your strength.”
“I am fine… just a few… cuts and… bruises. Nothing… a good rest… cannot cure.”
Airrak tried to smile as best he could under the circumstances. “Very true, my friend. You are going to be just fine.”
The Mage did not realize Szarzekk was next to him until he felt the Undead Warrior’s hand on his shoulder. “Do not take it for the truth.” Szarzekk quietly said. “Remember where we truly are.”
“Yes.” Airrak muttered under his breath. He nodded, wiping tears away with the sleeve of his robe. “Indeed, you are correct.” Laying Tavannos down gently, he stood, clearing his throat. “Which means if all of this is truly going to happen, then I have a chance to change the outcome.” How? He did not know. Especially since Airrak had no idea how far into the future it would be and how much time he would have to prepare for it. He took a deep breath. “For now we must return to the caves and be on with our journey.”
At his words, everything around them hazed over and Airrak could not help but take one last glance at his longtime friend, even though he knew it was just a vision and his real companion was back in the caves, alive and well. 
 They were the last two to be reunited with the rest of them and once they were all together, an exit door immediately appeared. Airrak noticed the eight of them all sat in silence, appearing to be in their own worlds.
With the exception of those who were paired off together in the visions, none of them shared their experiences with the others. Not because they feared there would be consequences for speaking of it, but because their hearts did not want to face it.
After a while, Darius stood up from his position on the floor, brushing a hand through his hair. “If everyone…” His words came out raspy. He cleared his throat. “If everyone is ready, we should move on.”
When the rest of them stood as well, Darius took it for a sign that they were all in agreement with him and silently, they all followed through the door. 
Airrak pulled Szarzekk aside letting the others pass, leaving the two of them alone in the room. “We will never speak of this.”
Szarzekk nodded in agreement. “As you wish.” The two of them turned together and left the empty room behind.

CHAPTER
25

The immortals were quiet for some time, silently hiking up the cold and damp, uneven footpath. The last room appeared to had affected them all in some way, leaving them distant and thoughtful.
After it had been awhile, Xilton moved her way up closer to Kai’las. He grinned down at her with a crooked smile as she gazed up at him with her dark brown eyes. “Kai’las, will you tell me of the Fae? Why are they only believed to be legends?” It was something she had been wanting to ask him since the moment his true identity was revealed to her and she needed something to take her mind off what had happened in the last room.
“Yes...” Sir Tavannos agreed. “Tell us of this.” He turned around, staring at him in wonder. “I had no idea you even existed.”
Kai’las inclined his head. “I hear that quite often. Let me ask... what are the tales you have heard of us?”
“Myths.” Szarzekk voiced. “Although I have to say that none of you had ever met an undead before I came along. We are not very well known either.”
“That is true.” Kai’las nodded, the corner of his mouth tipping up. “Like myself, you are unique.” His iridescent eyes peered around. “Anything else besides myths?”
“Monsters. Abductors of children... and... and babies.” Tavannos sneered, then cleared his throat and smiled. “Though of course I do not speak of you. You are different.”
“Yes, Kai’las is different.” Makaelah stated protectively. She and Darius had worked their way back down the footpath after realizing the others had stopped. “If he were like those tales you had heard, he would not be traveling with us. This I assure you.”
“The Fae are tricksters.” Valen leaned back, resting against the cavern wall. “With the use of a glamour spell it could make an Unseelie or even an Underfae appear as Kai’las does and we would never know until it was too late.” He smiled at the Fae and his words softened when he added, “now with your glamour spell broken at least we know you truly are who you claim to be.” He frowned, suddenly surprised by the words that had just come from his mouth. He turned his head, casting his eyes elsewhere.
Szarzekk grunted. “Are you well?”
Valen eyed him from the side. “Why do you ask?”
The Undead Warrior shook his head. “No reason.”
“We would know.” Makaelah said, replying to Valen’s remark. “Two abilities I possess would make it difficult for anyone to conceal their appearance from me. The first is, I am able to see through illusions and glamour spells, hence the reason this information came to light during our first encounter.”
“I can only imagine how that made for some extraordinary conversation.” Airrak muttered. He did not know why, but at first he had found the news they would be traveling with a Fae to be quite fascinating. Now when he considered him, he was even more intrigued. 
“And this second ability?” Tavannos asked Makaelah.
“I am able to identify truth and lies. The Fae do not lie, though they do have a tendency to glide around the truth, but since our first encounter, Kai’las has been completely honest with us.” She smiled at the Fae. “I have learnt much from him and I am pleased to say I would gladly trust him with my life.” Kai’las returned her smile, placing his hand on his heart in a show of affection.
Tavannos turned and regarded Kai’las. “I should like to know more of the Fae as well.” He inched closer. “For some reason I find myself incredibly intrigued.”
“While we walk, if you will.” Valen motioned to the path ahead. “We waste time the longer we stand here.”
Kai’las gave a short nod and began telling them the story of the Fae as they continued on their way up the rough path, his wings lightly brushing the cavern floor as he treaded along. “There was a time, fifteen hundred years ago, or so, when all Fae were accepted amongst the races of Rystarr. Because we are a peaceful race, yes, back then even the Dark Fae were, our only desire was to be at peace and to live in harmony amongst others.”
“But I read how beautiful Faery is.” Xilton stated. “Why in Qadan’s name would you ever want to leave it?”
Kai’las chuckled. “Faery is beautiful. Extremely enchanting. It was never the fact that we wanted to leave it.” He paused in thought. “When you live as long as the Fae, you find you have a lot of time on your hands. Time to dream. The Fae had dreamt of discovering another plane in the vast multiverse where we could live and be accepted as were others, which we had found on Rystarr for hundreds of years.” Kai’las sighed and added, “Until the Underfae destroyed it all.”
“Dreadful.” Sir Tavannos sneered.
Kai’las nodded his agreement. “The Underfae terrorized the people of Rystarr for a fortnight, torturing and slaughtering all who stepped in their path and even those who had not. My father and the Unseelie King met with the King of the Underfae, King Jharak, demanding he put a stop to it. Regrettably, they received no help from Jharak, finding him feral and bloodthirsty. Full of the savageness which had consumed his sept.” Kai’las fell quiet as they eased around a corner where another long footpath awaited ahead, slightly narrowing towards the end.
“I find it incredible there is no history written whatsoever concerning the Underfae, nor their King.” Airrak remarked.
Kai’las arched a brow. “History concerning all Fae was written as if it were only make believe, but the Underfae are mentioned nowhere.” He made a gesture with his hands. “What people do know of them is just hearsay.”
Confusion flickered in Xilton’s eyes. “I have noticed other points concerning history which have just been vague. Not concerning the Fae but of other areas.” She shook her head, going back to Kai’las’ story. “How did you stop the Underfae?”
“My Father, Rhaak’Var and King Ne’varth of the Dark Court came to an agreement, the Underfae needed to be dealt with by other means. We formed an army consisting of both Seelie and Unseelie, and together, we brought the monstrous Underfae to their knees, putting an end to their murderous rampage.” Kai’las shook his head in disappointment. “Alas, all of it came at a tremendous cost. The Rystarrians no longer trusted and accepted the Fae and much to our dismay, we were banished from Rystarr and forced to return to Faery. Throughout the years, people began to believe we were only just myths. Make believe legends to scare others. Few knew some of us had still continued to walk amongst them even to this day.”
Sir Tavannos shook his head. “Well, I daresay that seems incredibly unfair.”
Tarakis gave a nod of agreement. “So, the Underfae no longer exist?”
Kai’las laughed dryly. “On the contrary. They are many and King Jharak still rules over them but only on a small portion of Faery, which they are bound to by powerful magic. Their own private prison.”
Xilton gave a relieving smile. “I am both happy and thankful to hear that they are imprisoned. And I have to ask… why is it you never like to show yourself in your true form? Because now, after seeing you, Kai’las you are breathtaking.”
The Fae smiled, his eyes drifting over all the gazes that were upon him. Even those in front would cast their eyes back and forth. Szarzekk though puzzled him. For some reason the Undead Warrior appeared unaffected by him. Kai’las tilted his head curiously before turning back to answer her question. “Trust me, my dear when I say it is best that way.”
Xilton frowned. “Kai’las, I have to disagree. I do not understand why you think this?”
He laughed. “Of course, at this time it would be difficult for you...” He glanced at all of his companions. “Any of you to understand.” 

†

The third door they happened upon opened easily and one by one they stepped cautiously into an empty, dimmed cavern room. Once the immortals were all inside, the door slammed closed behind them. Even with the dim lighting they could see their only option was another door directly across the room from them.
When they moved toward it, three beams of light fell from the cavern ceiling, metamorphosing as they dropped to the floor and straightening. The demigods now stood staring up at three eight foot tall lanky humanoid creatures with smooth heads and wide dark eyes. Long legs took up the majority of their bodies and arms with long fingered hands which fell to just above their knees. The creatures made no move to attack but stood in a defensive stance, blocking the exit door.
“Well… any ideas?” Valen looked at his companions, his eyes coming to rest on the Fae. “Kai’las? Do you have an idea?”
Tarakis scratched his head. “I have an idea.”
Valen shot the Rogue a look. “I was asking Kai’las.”
“Yes…” The Fae said. “I have an idea.” They all quieted. “I say we see what Tarakis has in mind.”
Valen gave a shrug. “Alright. Rogue, what say you?”
Tarakis held his hand up, taking two steps toward the door. All three creatures immediately turned at once and took two steps in his direction. “I suppose that may not be an option.” The Rogue said, backing up.
“There are three of them.” Xilton stated. “They cannot attack us all if we move at once.”
“Good point.” Tarakis replied. “Besides, they seem harmless.”
With their hands on the hilts of their weapons, the demigods glanced at one another and gave a nod before they all took a few steps forward. As they approached closer, the humanoids hissed and their mouths opened wide, revealing rows of razor sharp teeth. The creatures moved to attack while claws shot out of their long bony fingers.
Valen scoffed as he quickly regarded Tarakis. “Harmless you said.” He drew his sword while the Rogue gave a shrug and unsheathed his own weapons.
The half-Gods worked together and quickly disposed of the humanoid creatures, who after which, instantly transformed back into beams of light and shot back up into the cavern ceiling.
Shadowhawk slid her sword into its scabbard. She motioned to the far end of the room. “The door. Let us go.”
When they opened the exit door, it revealed yet another empty room which appeared exactly the same as the one they had just came in from. 
“This is strange.” Xilton rubbed her forehead in confusion.
“Very.” Valen agreed suspiciously as the door slammed shut behind them and they watched as three beams of light dropped from the ceiling, transforming into the same humanoid creatures as before.
With the companions already knowing what to expect, they wasted no time and drew their weapons. When they had finished for the second time disposing of the creatures, which again, transformed back into beams of light and bolted back up into the cavern ceiling, they opened the exit door.
Tarakis folded his arms. “Is it my imagination or do we keep entering the same room?”
“It appears the Greater Goddess had a bit of a humorous side.” Shadowhawk uttered as the door behind them closed. Her eyes went to the ceiling and watched the beams drop to the floor, the creatures starting to take form.
Darius frowned. “Obviously, we are missing something here.” He brushed a hand through his hair.
“Well, I can see you are a bright one.” Valen mumbled quietly, seeing that Darius had indeed heard him, judging by the glare he gave him.
While his companions battled the humanoids, Airrak stood towards the back of the cavern as thoughts raced through his mind. Something was gnawing at him. “It is an illusion.” He quietly said.
“You know something?” Szarzekk asked after just finishing up with the creatures for the third time.
“Yes, I believe I do.” The Mage gave a nod. “I am just trying to recall the details. But I feel it is something so simple.” They knew the instant he remembered because Airrak’s eyes lit up and his smile grew wide. “Ah, here we go.” He stepped back towards the door they had entered from. When the Mage reached it, he opened it wide, revealing the inside of a large cavern. 
Sir Tavannos gave him a pat on the back. “Well done, my friend.”

†

The large cavern was cool and damp, brilliantly lit by the caves magical lighting. Twenty paces in front of them stood a row of four cages, six feet high and three feet wide, each one containing a different object. The companions examined them from left to right, the first cage holding one of the creatures they had battled the night before, hissing and growling at them as they approached. Inside the second cage was an open chest overflowing with thousands of gold coins as well as various jewels. The sight of it caused Tarakis’ red eyes to light up and nearly pop out of his head. In the third cage sat a human female bound and gagged, wearing a torn dress which may have once been white. Her long dark hair was dirty and ratted. The last cage held what appeared to be a simple rope that was coiled and sitting in the center of its loop was a small, corked bottle containing a pale blue liquid. A note was attached to the bottle but because of the way it sat, they could not read the writing.
Xilton went directly to the cage with the woman in it. “Who would do such a thing?” She shook her head in disgust as the woman appeared visibly shaken. Xilton gazed into her eyes, unconsciously reaching up to the latch on the front of the cage as if she were about to open it.
Shadowhawk immediately grabbed ahold of the Monk and pulled her back. “Are you a complete fool?”
Xilton frowned, clearly confused, unrealizing of what she was about to do. “I do not understand. What just happened?”
“Good question.” Airrak replied. “We need to think this through and not do anything hasty. Remember we have seen a few things already which have been covered by illusions.”
Makaelah went to step around to the other side of the first cage when Darius grabbed her arm, pulling her back into him. “You should be careful.” With his boot he tapped lightly on the edge of cavern floor in front of them and a three foot square chunk dropped out, revealing nothing but darkness below.
She swallowed hard, looking down into the darkness. “I might have noticed that.”
“And you might not have. You think I would have chanced it?” Darius released her arm, turning to address the others. “You should all watch your steps. Search for the marks. The deep ridges in the stone.”
“Right… deep ridges.” Kai’las mumbled, looking at the ground as he moved to take a look at the first cage containing the creature. He started from the top working his way down, though he was having difficulty concentrating with the alien thing shrieking and sneering at him as it was. He sighed, moving onto the next cage while eyeing the cavern floor as he stepped. Hearing a rumble directly behind him, Kai’las spun around and reached for Airrak as the floor beneath the Mage collapsed. 
Airrak barely had time to scream his command words for the spell allowing him to float in place. A look of sheer terror came over him as he suddenly remembered that his magic was not working in the caves.
“Airrak!” Sir Tavannos shouted and was there in an instant with his heart racing when he saw his friend dangling over the dark empty hole clutching to Kai’las’ hand. 
“Tavannos, my friend.” The Mage muttered breathlessly. “I did not see that one.”
The Knight reached down. “Give me your other hand.” 
“Quickly please.” Kai’las’ teeth clenched. “In these caves I am just as a human.”
“No, I have to disagree on that.” Sir Tavannos cleared his throat, drawing his attention back towards his longtime friend. “Airrak.” He reached his hand lower. The Mage clasped onto it and Tavannos, together with Kai’las, pulled him up and over where he laid for several moments trying to slow his raging heart. The Knight smiled at the Fae, giving him a nod of gratitude. “Many thanks, Kai’las.”
He gave the Knight a wry grin. “Sure. What is an adventure without at least some excitement.”
“I would remind you all to watch where your step.” Valen growled.
“We should not remain here for much longer.” Szarzekk said and all eyes turned to him. “We should decide what to do quickly and move along. Once the water comes, it will all be over with.”
“Agreed.” Airrak came to his feet, albeit shakily. “My thanks, Kai’las.” He voiced and regrettably tore his eyes away from him. “I assume we are to select a cage and open it.”
“I see no other option.” Valen said, a touch irritably, finding himself impatient to get on with it. He motioned at the four cages. “Choose one.”
“We should all be in agreement.” Xilton stated. “So the question is... which one would each of us choose?”
“That is simple.” Tarakis crossed his arms. “The chest of course. Everyone knows gold coins come in handy. And the jewels… well they are just an added bonus.”
Sir Tavannos rolled his eyes. “You are so predictable.”
Tarakis moved his hands to his hips. “Then let Kai’las choose.”
“Yes.” Tavannos agreed. “Kai’las will choose the cage.” The Fae turned from across the way and raised a brow.
“Yes, I would agree with that.” Xilton replied, then glanced into the third cage. “But what about the woman? What cruel person would bind such a helpless being? I cannot imagine Gamaliel would ever do such a thing.”
Kai’las gave a shake of his head. “She is not what you believe her to be.”
Xilton frowned in confusion. “What do you mean?” She regarded the woman, who looked thoroughly beaten down and full of sorrow.
His iridescent eyes glowed. “She is not even human. Her emotions are raging. Evil.”
“Yes.” Makaelah cautiously stepped forward. “I sense evil from her as well.”
Kai’las turned to the Seraph. “Which would you choose?”
Makaelah would rather not be the one to make the choice fully on her own, though she did not want to discover what would happen if they opened the wrong cage. Her eyes met Darius’. He smiled faintly and inclined his head. Makaelah turned back to the cages. “If it were my decision, I would choose the last cage.”
Airrak raised a finger. “That is interesting.” Stepping over to the last cage, he scanned its contents while something drew him to the second cage. Unconsciously, he moved a couple of steps to his left, staring down at the bound woman. “I sense nothing from you.” Airrak angled his head as he gazed down at the woman, for he could have sworn he saw humor in her eyes for just a brief instant. He gave a shake of his head, thinking he had just imagined it. “You are far too precious to be locked up in a cage.” Reaching for the latch, Airrak prepared to open the cage, though Darius stopped him with a hand over his. The Mage shook his head to clear it. “What happened?”
“What happened?” Darius calmly replied. “You were about to let whatever is in there… out.”
Having seen the trancelike state his friend had been in, Sir Tavannos stepped over to defend him. “It was not Airrak’s fault the woman bewitched him.”
“I did not say it was.” Darius growled.
While the others seemed to be occupied, Kai’las stood with Makaelah at the last cage. “Watch this.” He whispered and immediately reached over and opened it, inducing everyone’s attention as the door screeched open. “It is done. No more guessing.” He reached in, removing the rope and the bottle. 
“What did you do that for?” Tarakis asked.
The corner of his mouth tipped up. “You did elect me to choose the cage.”
“Oh… right.” The Rogue scratched his head and smiled. “I did.”
The demigods watched as the contents in the remaining three cages began changing. Large black wings with sharp talons sprouted from the back of the woman who appeared to them so helpless only moments ago. The demon hissed, fangs gleaming while blood red eyes glared at each of them. A small white rabbit now hopped around inside the first cage which before held the screeching creature. Tarakis watched in horror as his precious chest containing the gold and jewels instantly turned to dust, scattering to the cage floor.
“Hmm. Perhaps the chest would not have been the right choice after all.” The Rogue muttered as he turned away from the cage.
Kai’las laughed. “Makaelah, you should have these.” He handed her the rope and bottle, the only contents from the cages which had not changed.
The Seraph’s eyes lit up as she met his gaze. She smiled, nodding almost ineptly as she accepted the items. She looked down, immediately viewing the note on the bottle, reading it quietly to herself, Drink me and breathe!. Makaelah turned the note over, seeing more writing on the backside. Use me wisely, for in the end, I just might save the life of a friend. Frowning in thought, she stuffed it into her travelers pack along with the rope.
“I commend you on your instincts.” Sir Tavannos said to Makaelah. He paused, taking a moment before he added, “I would like to learn more of you and of Celeya. Perhaps when we are finished here in these caves, we can talk some.”
“Of course.” Makaelah smiled and turned away, hearing Darius make a derisive sound behind her.
“Now… let us go.” Shadowhawk stated. “And still… watch where you step.”
“You do not have to tell me twice.” Tarakis said. “The sooner we get out of these caves, the better.” He pointed to the right side of the cavern. “I found a door over there when I was searching around earlier. I think it is the only way out.” He glanced at each of them. “Follow me and step where I step.”
One by one, the immortals followed the Rogue as he led them off to the right and deeper into the cavern. It took some time before the last of them made it to the door, as their feet only touched where those in front of them had. Szarzekk attempted pushing on the door, though it would not budge. The seams around it were barely visible that the demigods were surprised Tarakis had even discovered it.
“Are you certain it is truly a door?” Xilton asked.
Szarzekk’s eyes trailed around it, looking for any type of lever or button to open it. “It does seem to be one, I just do not see how to open it.”
“Perhaps Kai’las can find a way.” Shadowhawk voiced.
Szarzekk turned and tilted his head. “I do not understand… what can the Fae see that I cannot?”
Kai’las clapped the Undead Warrior on the back. “Nothing. You are doing just fine.”
A loud mechanical sound echoed throughout the cavern and Tarakis’ eyes widened. “I wonder what that was.” He muttered under his breath.
In the next instant, the cavern floor began softening, causing their feet to stick, and making it so the immortals were unable to move.
“I would say, umartempla litsé...or... something like it.” Kai’las mumbled. Without his powers he doubted there was any way of getting out of it this time around.

†

Even when the ‘cursed sand’ reached their mid-section, some even having sunk further, the companions were still unwilling to accept their fate. “If anyone has anything they would like to say... I think now would be a good time to say it.” Airrak’s voice was somewhat shaky. Although none of the demigods seemed to want to take the Mage’s advice, all choosing to remain quiet. “I suppose no one has anything to say.”
“Nay.” Valen replied. “Because that would be admitting defeat and I do not know about the rest of you, but I am not ready to give up quite yet.” He glanced at the others. “Can any of you move at all?”
“My arms. But that is all.” Xilton replied, then gazed up. “And I suppose the ceiling is too low for Makaelah or Kai’las to try the use of their wings.”
The Seraph shook her head. “My wings are pinned.”
“As are mine.” Kai’las said, his voice appearing uneasy. “Even if they were not, I would not attempt using them in here. There is not enough room between us.”
As Shadowhawk nearly went under, Quar Re separated from her and let out a loud roar, the intensity of it echoing across the room. The Elf grabbed ahold of her Spirit Bear, pulling herself up onto its back while hanging on as it stood on hind legs.
“She has a bear.” Airrak said, his eyes wide. “A glowing bear.”
“Yes, I witnessed the bear last night.” Valen replied.
Sir Tavannos turned to his left, seeing that Tarakis was in the worst of situations, for the sand was nearly at the Rogue’s shoulders. “Tarakis…” He reached out to him. “Take hold of my hand.”
As the Rogue reached over to take his hand another loud noise echoed throughout the caves and in that moment, all light was consumed by pitch blackness. The immortals cried out in surprise as some unseen force tugged on their legs, pulling them under the ‘cursed sand’. Moments later, the area brightened and the companions could see they were now in an open cavern. Above them, the ceiling dripped with the wet sand they had been stuck in seconds ago. 
Their hearts raced while they all sat in silence for several long moments, all without words and yet thankful to still be alive. 
Darius blew out a breath as his eyes drifted over at Makaelah, sitting against the far wall. Regrets suddenly flooded him. I should have searched deeper for the truth, he thought. He was a brave man but when it came to matters of the heart, Darius knew what a coward he was.
“I despise sand.” Kai’las suddenly muttered.
Sir Tavannos pushed up to lean against the wall beside his longtime companion. “How do you fare, my friend?”
“I will be fine.” Airrak replied with a ghost of a smile. “Just as soon as my heartbeat returns to normal. Although, I think I may have lost my spellbook.” 
Tavannos held up the Mage’s book. “I found it lying covered in sand.”
“Oh, the Gods bless you, my friend.” Airrak said with relief.
As Valen bent to retrieve his pack, he regarded Shadowhawk, having noticed she was sitting on the back of her bear with her head down. He stepped over, standing beside her. “Shadowhawk? You alright?”
Her breath shuddered as she inhaled deeply and raised her head. “Yes. Fine.”
Valen nodded, his eyes drifting the cavern and coming to rest on Tarakis who was seeing to the Monk. He could not help but give a slight smile. He looked across the way at Szarzekk, who stood staring at the dripping sand on the ceiling. Valen shook his head, laughing dryly.
“Blazing sand.” Kai’las cursed irritably as he ruffled his wings to remove what sand remained in them. “I do not care to ever see it again. Even the dry sand upon a seashore.” Patting down his armor, the Fae checked to make certain he had all his possessions before dusting himself off. “I hate it. I never want to see it again.” A chill went up his back when hands suddenly ran through his wings and down his backside. Kai’las looked over his shoulder, seeing both Xilton and Sir Tavannos behind him. He arched a brow.
Xilton smiled. “Just helping with the sand.”
In front of him, Tarakis bent down and began brushing the sand from his boots. The Rogue shrugged. “You said you hated it. I thought I would help too.”

†

The companions walked single file in silence, the shock of almost dying yet again finally starting to ease off some. “I hear whispers from your comrades that your mother is the Ambassador of Celeya. Is this true?” Sir Tavannos spoke quietly to Makaelah, who walked behind him.
“Your whispers are true… regrettably.” She saw his surprise that her choice of words had induced. Smiling, Makaelah added, “Do not misunderstand me. I care for my Mother, but… Alindra is difficult at times.”
“I am sorry to hear that.” Tavannos shook his head. “The Gods know I am not an expert when it comes to matters of this nature, considering my upbringing. But one would think her work as the Ambassador of Celeya requires a lot of her time.”
“You are too kind but it is not the only issue.” Makaelah paused in thought before she continued. “I will just say that she is not a warm and caring being. She was never interested in me nor my upbringing.”
“Ah, I see. Well, then I think that it is her loss and I for one am very much interested.” Sir Tavannos responded. Makaelah smiled, her cheeks becoming a slight shade of red.
Without a word, Darius moved up from behind. He stepped in front of Makaelah, separating her and Sir Tavannos.
 The Knight turned, seeing his angry glare. “Do you have a concern, Andorian?”
“Not at all, Vlondorian.” Darius coldly replied.
Makaelah shook her head, trailing behind in confusion, not certain what had come over him as of late.
“You are not affected by me, are you?” Kai’las leaned in and whispered to Szarzekk while they walked.
The Undead Warrior took a moment to reply. “What do you mean?”
“Never mind.” He cast a quick glance behind him, his eyes instantly locking with Valen’s.
The Warrior quickly looked away. “Cast your eyes forward Fae, for you make me uncomfortable.” Valen cleared his throat and quickly added, “please.”
“I know not what is wrong with him.” Szarzekk said quietly to Kai’las. “He appears to be acting strange.”
The Fae laughed and patted his back. “Fret not, I am certain whatever it may be is only temporary.”
Shadowhawk moved her way up from the others behind until she was walking beside Kai’las. He turned, peering down at her. “D’ae Feon.”
“Kai’las.” The Elf gave a short nod. “May I touch your wings?”
He raised a brow and glanced at Szarzekk, who shook his head and said, “They all appear to be acting strange.” 
“I could not help but hear you mention something of your upbringing.” Xilton said to Sir Tavannos behind her. “Obviously one of your parents is a God but, did you not know your other parent? If you do not mind my asking.”
“Not at all.” The Knight replied, grateful for the distraction. “There really is not much to tell. My mother and the man who I thought to be my father both died when I was very young. My mother was a cousin to the southern King, Varandan the second and because of this I was raised in the castle in the King’s household. Airrak’s mother as well was a cousin to the King. He and I grew up together.”
“The two of you appear to be very close.” The Monk replied. 
“This is true. We may be cousins, but we are as close as brothers.” Sir Tavannos turned back with a quick look at the Mage and smiled. “Is that not right, Airrak?”
“You are correct, my friend.” Airrak replied with a smile of his own, though his heart ached for what he had experienced in the room with the vision. He had no way of knowing if what he had seen would actually come to pass and it worried Airrak beyond measure. He did not know what he would do if he lost Tavannos. The two of them had been inseparable for years.
“Do you think what happened in that room could be real?” Xilton asked no one in particular and it surprised the Mage since he had just been thinking along the same lines. 
“I do not know what the rest of you witnessed…” Tavannos said. “But I was given a vision of the past. Something which most definitely did occur. So perhaps whatever you saw, young Monk, was indeed real.”
“I will say one thing…” Kai’las smiled. “The welt I received may have faded and disappeared but bloody Faustus did it hurt. It felt very real to me.”
Xilton chuckled. “Then perhaps it was real.” She was feeling mixed emotions regarding what she saw, not knowing for certain what to expect or if it was even true. But Xilton decided if her father truly was alive, then she did indeed want to speak with him. At the very least to find out why he abandoned her to the Monks of Saint Chandler’s.
“A few months ago I may have questioned it, but now… now I believe anything could be possible.” Tarakis replied.

†

The next few hours were long and tediously uninteresting while they hiked up the cold, uneven pathway. Sheer boredom led to the half-Gods becoming irritable and most of them found keeping silent was for the best for fear they may say or do something they would regret. They were relieved when the path finally led them to their next door. To their surprise, the door opened easily and the companions cautiously stepped into the room.
Like the rest of the caves, it was damp and cool with an unnatural dim lighting which cast eerie shadows off the rock walls. Five, two-seater boats sat off to the right and straight across from them, a narrow river magically floated two feet above the ground, flowing across the way through a large gaping hole in the cavern wall.
“Well…” Tarakis muttered, scratching his head. “I suppose we are to get into the boats.” I hope this does not end at long drop from a huge waterfall, he thought.
“Aye. I suppose so.” Valen replied and seemed to be echoing the Rogue’s thoughts when he added, “I am worried of what might be waiting for us at the end of the line.”
Shadowhawk did not wait for any of them and was the first to select a boat. “There is no end to this madness.” She mumbled angrily while hauling a boat into the river and jumping in as if she had done it a hundred times before. She glanced over her shoulder, seeing that Xilton had hopped into the boat along with her. 
The remainder of them paired up and pulled their boats into the river, following behind the two females as they headed deeper into the caves.
 Shadowhawk and Xilton could not see clearly past ten feet, for everything was faded into darkness beyond and after some time the river turned abruptly. In the distance, they could see flashing lights and loud animalistic screeches pierced the air. The Elf turned her head, shouting at their companions behind in the other boats, having no idea if any of them could even hear her. “Have your weapons prepared!” She unsheathed her sword as the boat inched closer to the chaos ahead.
Their boat passed through an opening in the cavern wall, taking them into an area full of commotion. Rain poured down and thunderclaps echoed throughout the caves while flashes of lightning lit up around them.
Xilton screamed out as a creature flew by, clawing her shoulder. She could feel a warm stream of blood run down the back of her arm. Gazing up, she saw the beast as it swooped down for another attack, though it never had a chance to hit her, for Shadowhawk swung her sword around, slicing through its middle.
The boat continued forward and the females attempted to dodge the attacks from the Kromiths as they tried desperately not to tip over their boat. They passed through another opening in the far wall, relieved to be free from the creatures while behind them they could hear the shouts of their companions.
“Do not let them get close enough to bite you.” Darius shouted at Makaelah through the resounding noise of the thunder and pouring rain. He unsheathed Justifier, deciding to use only one of his swords, leaving the other hand free to grab onto the boat.
“Yes. I remember the consequences of the bite.” She answered, swinging her sword at the back of the boat while struggling to keep it from toppling.
Darius took a couple of hits from one of the beasts before it fell from a lethal blow made by his blade. A Kromith dodged Makaelah’s sword swing, flying back around to claw at one of her wings. She cringed from the pain as Darius let go of the boat and turned, punching the beast, and sending it shooting through the air. He dropped down into the boat, pulling Makaelah with him just before it passed through the opening.
Airrak and Sir Tavannos drifted into the first room, immediately becoming soaking wet while a Kromith swooped down to take a swipe at Airrak. The Mage pelted it with his staff, using all of his strength and causing it to go flying to the other side of the room.
One came at Sir Tavannos with its claws raised but fortunately for the Knight, his full plate mail protected him from taking any serious damage. However, while Sir Tavannos had been occupied another Kromith hit the Knight with its wing, causing him to fall over the side of the boat. After some minor struggle, Airrak was able to help Tavannos pull himself back in just as the Kromith came back to attack once again. The Knight stood at the last second, thrusting out his sword, striking the creature through the throat.
Kai’las too became instantly soaked as the boat he shared with Szarzekk passed under what appeared like a storming raincloud. The Fae came to his feet while swinging his sword at an attacking Kromith. Able to dodge a claw swipe at the last second, he came out of it with only one talon striking him on his shoulder, though his armor protected him.
Szarzekk stood in the small boat slamming his weapons into any Kromiths that came near, sending them shooting to the other side of the cavern room. The Undead Warrior was so determined at felling the creatures, at one-point Kai’las worried their boat would topple, but Szarzekk, surprisingly kept it steady. The two of them sat down at the very last moment, making it through to the other side of the wall.
Tarakis and Valen were next to go through and it seemed by that time the Kromiths had gotten smarter, for one was waiting directly above them as their boat entered the room. The creature swooped down and left a nasty claw mark on the left side of Tarakis’ forehead and turned to claw Valen’s arm.
“Bloody Faustus.” Valen cursed as he swung his sword at the creature, slicing the thing in half. 
One more Kromith remained in the room but it appeared to be keeping its distance, until the boat passed underneath it. Swooping down to attack, Tarakis’ blades were at the ready. As the creature swept out with its claw, the Rogue ducked under, sliding his short sword into the beasts chest, and coming back up with his dagger through its neck.
The boat went twenty feet before turning and Shadowhawk and Xilton saw strange colored lights of blues and greens coming from up ahead, although there were no sounds, just eerie silence. The Elf kept ahold of her sword as they tried to mentally prepare themselves for whatever it was they might have to face. Flowing into the room, they could see that the river they traveled on was still above the surface, everything underneath and all around appeared to resemble a swamp.
Xilton’s eyes were on the water, watching as something skimmed partially above and below the water. When she was able to get a closer look, the Monk could finally discern what it was. “Shadowhawk.” 
“Quiet.” The Elf whispered. “There is something in the trees.”
“Yes, but… there is an enormous snake in the water.”
“Wait and see if it makes an attempt to strike.” Shadowhawk answered. 
Xilton looked up, seeing what had her attention. A strange creature watched them, hanging from one hand on a tree above, its tongue like a snake slithering in and out, fangs and claws as a lion, though the face of a monkey.
“What is it?” Xilton asked, seemingly to have forgotten about the snake.
Shadowhawk shook her head. “I do not know. I have never in my life seen anything like it.”
“It does not seem to be making any attempts to strike at us.” Xilton regarded the creature, watching as it tilted its head from side to side, appearing to be studying them as well. “It is curious about us.”
“Just sit still while we pass under it.” Shadowhawk whispered over her shoulder. “We are almost through.” 
Xilton nodded shortly. They kept their eyes on the creature while passing underneath, the boat flowing through the gap in the wall unhindered.
Darius and Makaelah entered the swamp room where the beast still hung from the tree over the river. The Warrior’s eyes remained fixed on the creature. “Holy Faustus. That is hideous.”
“I would not attempt to strike it if I were you.” Makaelah replied. “It is not what it appears to be.”
Darius frowned. “How do you know?”
“I can see by the look in its eyes.”
Darius brushed a hand through his hair, sighing. “The Gods, I pray you are right, otherwise that thing is going to try and rip us apart.”
Makaelah gave a faint laugh. “Trust me, it fears us.”
“It is not a matter of trusting you. That I do.”
She could not help but smile slightly. “That is good to hear… considering what you know of me.”
Darius shook his head. “That is why I trust you. Because of what I know of you.” He said as they made it through to the other side of the wall.
Entering the room, Sir Tavannos’ eyes went to what he thought at first was a large cat, until he got a better look. The creature, having the face of a panther but the body of a giant bird, sat perched high in a tree gazing down at the two companions. The Knight gently tapped his friend’s shoulder, pointing up at it.
“Good Gods.” Airrak mumbled. “In all of my years I have never seen anything like it.”
“As well as I. It does not seem the least bit interested in us.”
“Could it be it has not yet noticed us?” The Mage replied, though the creature seemed to be staring directly at them.
Sir Tavannos nodded. “Oh, it has noticed us, my friend.” He stood, unsheathing he sword.
“Hold a moment, Tavannos.” Airrak said with a raised hand. “I do not believe it intends to harm us.” His eyes went back to the creature. “Look at it, it has not moved.”
“You are right. It just watches us.” The Knight sat back down in the boat, laying his sword across his lap, keeping it at the ready.
The two of them remained quiet but the beast never bothered to get close to them while they coasted through the hole in the wall untouched.  
There was no cat creature when Szarzekk and Kai’las drifted in but they immediately spotted the huge python swimming just below them. The boat rocked slightly when the Undead Warrior stood up, his two heavy weapons prepared for a sudden attack.
Kai’las watched him for a moment, grinning. “Perhaps it is just me, but I cannot see that snake attacking us. It does not appear to care.” His striking eyes regarded the large reptile. “Hmm. I sense nothing from it.”
“What do you mean?” Szarzekk asked.
Kai’las shook his head. “No matter.”
The Undead Warrior’s eyes scanned around, his head cocking to the different sounds. “Although I can see that attacking us.” He said with his deep, hollow voice while gesturing across the way.
Kai’las spun to see what he was referring to. An alligator with the tail end of a shark went shooting towards them from the far side of the swamp. The Fae turned back just in time to shout, “Szarzekk, sit down!” 
The Undead Warrior fell back, landing on his rear, just before the boat drifted through the hole in the wall.
As Valen and Tarakis’ boat entered, the alligator-shark creature quickly glided back over to the far side of the swamp where the foliage was the thickest. 
“Bloody pits, what was that?” Tarakis asked, having gotten a look at the creature as it swam away.
Valen stiffened. “Nothing which I have ever seen.”
“What if it tries to ram the boat?”
“We are two feet above the surface.” Valen growled “Which is the least of our worries. I think perhaps we should be more concerned with that?” He gestured toward a tree ahead.
“Is it a monkey?” Tarakis asked, tilting his head left and right. “Or a… lion… snake?” Cautiously, he stood up as their boat began drifting underneath the creature.
Valen came to his feet, his sword held firmly out before him. “Do not make any hasty moves and keep the boat steady.” He whispered.
“I never make hasty moves.” Tarakis replied, hearing the Warrior scoff behind him. As their boat moved under the creature, it swung around, hanging upside down over their boat with its tail wrapped around a branch. It happened so suddenly, the move startling Tarakis and his instincts kicked in, inducing him to slice with both his sword and dagger.
“Blazing Faustus, what have you done?” Valen growled as the creature’s head fell into the boat, landing at his feet. “I said do nothing hasty.”
Tarakis shrugged his shoulders. “What can I say? It caught me off guard.” The Rogue could not help but notice how truly shaken the Warrior seemed. “What are you so concerned with? It was just a… a… monkey thing.”
“Have you learned nothing in these caves?” Valen reached down, picking up the severed head. “Things are not always what they appear to be.” He held it up, showing him what the creature truly was.
Tarakis gasped. Long golden hair swept off to one side while pale blue eyes stared sightlessly from a beautiful face with the most delicate features. Before the boat drifted through the gap Tarakis glanced above them, seeing what was left of the body. Golden legs hung limply underneath beautiful iridescent wings. Tarakis sat down as the boat passed through the hole in the wall. “I killed a Fairy.” He muttered quietly. “Kai’las is going to be angry with me.”
Valen threw the head over the side of the boat. “Do not speak a word of this… to anyone… especially the Fae.” When the Rogue did not respond, Valen growled, “Do you hear me? Not a word.”
Tarakis nodded faintly. “I heard you.” He replied, meekly. “Fairies are supposed to be little, tiny things, but…”
“As I said, nothing in here is as it should be.” Valen sighed deeply. “Perhaps it was just an illusion. But just in case, keep your mouth closed.”
After the swamp, the boats traveled another forty feet, turning to go down a small ten foot drop before they were finally able to see dim light up ahead in the near distance. The demigods made it through to a small cavern where the river ended, flowing into a twenty by twenty space, where it stayed from floor to ceiling, appearing as if it flowed into a wall-less room.
By the time Makaelah and Darius drifted into the room, Xilton was already out of their boat while Shadowhawk had thrown her pack out and was standing as she prepared to jump out. However, right as she made the move to hop out, the flow of the river rammed the second boat into theirs, knocking Shadowhawk off balance and throwing her over and into the river. The steady flow of it swept her under the boats and into the water room while her companions stood by, helplessly watching as it happened.
Makaelah gasped, her heart pounding as she hopped out of the boat and dropped her belongings, rushing to where the Elf was staring out at them. “Oh, Shadowhawk.” She muttered. “I am coming to get you.”
Having heard the Seraph, Shadowhawk frantically shook her head, for she knew if Makaelah went in, she would never get out. The companions watched as Quar Re attempted to separate from her several times, only to meld right back in.
“Perhaps there is a lever or switch controlling the water, keeping it in the one place.” Sir Tavannos said, having exited the boat to find the Elf in the room of water.
“I wish that were the case.” Airrak rubbed his chin. “But I think the only thing controlling it is magic. And if I am not mistaken…” He looked at Shadowhawk for confirmation for what he was about to say. “There is a force keeping her from swimming back out.” The Elf gave a nod. “So, I fear the only chance we have of getting Shadowhawk out is using magic against the magic which is keeping her in there.”
“But your magic is useless in here, Mage.” Darius stated, feeling helpless like the rest of them.
Airrak nodded. “Yes, that is true. I just did not want to be the one to say that in this case we are hopeless.” He turned, giving Shadowhawk a look or sorrow. “I am sorry, my friend.”
“The rope and bottle.” Makaelah rushed for her pack. “I knew there would be a reason for them.” Dropping down on the cavern floor, she rummaged through the contents of her pack.
“What are you talking about?” Xilton asked. “Do you have something which can help her?”
“The rope from the cage.” Makaelah said, pulling the item from her travelers pack. “I sensed something from it the moment Kai’las handed it to me. And this…” She held up the bottle with the note attached, reading it aloud. “‘Drink me and breathe’. What else could it possibly be used for if not this circumstance?” Her eyes went to Shadowhawk who did not appear to be doing very well. “I will tie the rope around myself, get to her and have her drink the contents of the bottle, while the rest of you pull us back out with the other end of the rope.”
“No.” Darius shook his head. “I will get her.”
“Let me go in.” Xilton said, bending down to remove her sandals. “I am able to control my breathing. I have had years of training. The both of you would have to take the time to remove your armor while I am ready to go now.”
Makaelah nodded, knowing the Monk was right. “But hurry, please. She does not look well.” She handed her the rope and bottle.
“No.” Kai’las said. “She is not doing well at all.”
“I will hurry.” Xilton gave a nod, tying the rope around her waist. She took a deep breath before jumping into the water and was immediately swept into the water room.
“I sincerely hope she knows what she is doing. If not, we just lost two of our group.” Valen mumbled, earning a glare from Makaelah. “Apologies, but I have never been one to disguise the truth.”
“No, but you can keep your thoughts to yourself.” Darius growled.
Valen laughed. “This coming from a man who cannot admit his own truths?”
Darius narrowed his eyes. “What is that supposed to mean?”
“You know.” Valen replied, inclining his head toward Makaelah.
“I hardly think this is the time for any of this.” Sir Tavannos stated while reaching out a hand to Makaelah, who somehow ended up between the two warriors.
“I agree. It is not the time for it.” Kai’las said, glancing between Valen, Darius and Tavannos. All three of the men gazed at the Fae in wonderment. Kai’las sighed deeply, shaking his head. He turned to the Celeyian, taking her hand. “Come Makaelah.” He uttered, leading her to the water room where they could see Xilton had just reached Shadowhawk.
The Monk handed her the bottle and they all watched as the Elf raised it to her lips, popping the cork at the last instant. Even emerged in water, the blue liquid flowed directly into her mouth and down her throat. Shadowhawk took a large gasp of breath, her eyes widening.
“Oh, thank the Gods.” Makaelah muttered.
Shadowhawk shot the Seraph a look, a grin spreading across her face while Xilton tied the end of the rope around her waist. The demigods took a firm hold and began pulling their two companions from the water. In the next instant, the rope started to shimmer and sparkle, as though it were made of thousands of tiny fireflies, letting off a small electrical charge, shocking the immortals enough from the jolt that they released it from their grasp. Once they let go, the rope began moving on its own, pulling the two out of the water, where Xilton collapsed onto the floor, trying to catch her breath. 
Tarakis dropped down beside Xilton. “You did well.” He said, earning a smile and a nod in return as she tried to slow her racing heart.
Airrak stood near holding onto the rope, now appearing ordinary once again. “Fascinating.” He muttered, staring at it as if it were some mystical creature.
“Yes and I will say it again…” Tarakis voiced. “That cage was indeed the right choice. Although, the chest of gold coins and jewels would have been nice to have as well... if only they had not turned to dust.”
Tavannos frowned. “You never said the rope and bottle were the right choice.” 
“Of course I did. I am sure I did.”
“The bottle.” Shadowhawk uttered with amazement. “By the Gods, the contents of the bottle were incredible.” Stepping over to the Monk, she offered Xilton her arm. “I owe you a debt.”
Xilton came to her feet and reached out to clasp the Elf’s forearm. “You owe me nothing.”
“Hmm…” Airrak rubbed his chin in thought. “A magic potion of sorts. One which lets you breathe underwater.” He turned, glancing once again at the water room. “The magic used in this room alone is really quite fascinating.”
Kai’las eyed the Mage like he just sprouted wings. “Not certain if it is the word I would use, but… I suppose I can see why one of your sort would think so, yes.” 
Airrak gazed at him. “One of my sort?”
Kai’las grinned. “A magic user.”
“Oh, of course.” He said with a smile.
Shadowhawk peered between Makaelah and Darius. “I realize you had thoughts to go in there. It would had taken you time to remove your armor and if you had left it on, it would have only weighed you down as mine had me. There was magic in there, enough to even keep Quar Re from coming to my aid. Having Xilton go in was a wise choice.”
“Yes, the Monk was the wisest choice.” Valen voiced. “We have survived this. Can we move on? I think we have stayed here long enough.” Walking away, Valen almost missed the deadly gaze he received from Darius. He laughed quietly, shaking his head.
Darius stood back, watching his companions leave one by one until Szarzekk was the last to pass by him. The Undead Warrior had been quiet the entire time they had been in the cavern. Shaking his head, Szarzekk quietly said to Darius, “All these theatrics makes me glad I am now undead.”
Darius frowned, not quite certain what to make of his comment. He stood a moment in thought before he too stepped out of the cavern.

†

Back out on the pathway, the immortals treaded on, climbing steep stone stairs, the path turning sharply and leading to more stairs heading down.
Airrak turned, peering at the Monk behind him. “Xilton. I meant to speak with you of something.” He said, watching his steps carefully as he walked.
Xilton tucked a piece of loose hair behind her ear. “Of course. What would you like to speak of?”
“Well...” He scratched his chin, smoothing out his beard. “You appeared concerned earlier when you spoke with Kai’las. You have noticed some obscure areas of written history?”
“Well, it is more so the Plains of Aras.” Xilton saw the confusion on his face, so she continued to further explain. “I commented on this to Darius awhile back while we were traveling through the plains. There is hardly any history written of them at all. What I could find was mostly written of Dagan.”
“The God of Madness?”
She gave a nod. “Yes. It was said he frequented the area.”
“What would a God want in that desolate place?”
Xilton shrugged her shoulder. “He was mad after all.” She paused a moment. “I did also find the Goblin Wars mentioned quite a bit. But I know they took place all across Rystarr.”
Airrak was thoughtful for several moments before he said, “That they did.”
“By the way, if anyone has any insight on the Dragon Wars, I would like to hear of it. I realize it was so long ago, but…”
“I will speak with you of it at a later time.” Makaelah interjected. 
The Monk gave a slight nod and quieted, her short conversation with Airrak already ended. 
It seemed to go on forever that the companions walked the damp, dusky caves before they finally came to their next room, noticing first off that it was quite larger than all the others before it.
“I am beginning to wonder if there is no end to these caves.” Airrak said to anyone who would listen.
“My thoughts exactly.” Szarzekk’s voice echoed in the empty cavern room.
Nothing appeared to happen until they all had moved to the center of the room, at which time a heavy fog formed around them. The fog squared off at each corner, forming four walls.
“Hmm…” Tarakis mumbled. “What do you suppose we will be facing this time? Hopefully, we are getting close to the end.”
“Only the Gods know.” Xilton said.
“Why do people say that?” Tarakis asked. “Contrary to what one might believe, the Gods do not know everything. In fact they do not know much of anything lately.”
“It is a figure of speech.” Xilton rolled her eyes. “How long do you suppose we have been in here? Nine… ten hours?”
“I would say at least that.” Sir Tavannos replied. “Strange we have needed no rest or water.”
The Monk nodded. “I was just thinking the same.”
The Knight frowned, turning back to the thick fog walls. “If we are to step through these walls of fog, I think it is best we stay together.”
Tarakis nudged Kai’las with an elbow. “Remember…stay close to me. I have your back.” The Fae looked down, giving him a nod and a wink.
Valen rubbed the back of his neck. “I do know one thing… if I have to go in blind, my sword is coming out.” He unsheathed his weapon, seeing his companions appeared to agree, for they all followed his example.
“After we get out of here, we are stopping at the closest tavern for some strong ale.” Darius said, then added, “And all of you be warned… I will most likely get very drunk.”
Sir Tavannos nodded. “I hate to agree with you but I probably will do the same.” Suddenly, his thoughts went back to Evermoor and Madame Gisele’s, the brothel that he and Szarzekk had accidently stumbled into, and Tavannos found himself so momentarily embarrassed that he had even thought of it. He quickly shook his head, trying to clear it.
With their weapons ready, the companions stepped through the thick wall of fog together, instantly finding themselves outside on an open dirt field. The land stretched for miles and in the distance, trees outlined the horizon. It was daytime and the air was crisp and cool, appearing like any other ordinary harvest day on Rystarr.
“Are we back on the Plains of Aras?” Xilton glanced around. It resembled the plains to her, though something was different about it. When she focused on an object, such as a tree or a rock, it appeared unclear, slightly out of focus, like how it was in a dream.
“The Plains of Aras? I am not sure.” Tarakis said, gazing up at the sky. “But one thing is for certain... we have company.” In the distance and flying towards them at a fast rate of speed was a large pack of creatures, resembling a massive black ball shooting through the sky. “Kromiths.” Tarakis sighed. “A lot of Kromiths.” He did not think the ten of them would be able to take so many of the man-bat creatures down. “There are too many.”
Kai’las groaned. “Perhaps we should spread out.”
Good idea. But stay close, Kai’las.” Darius replied, giving the Fae a grin. “This is not going to be pretty.” He spared a quick glance at Makaelah, seeing dried blood at the tip of her right wing from where she was attacked by the Kromith while in the boat. The wing had healed but the blue blood stood out against the snowy white of her wing. Darius narrowed his eyes, turning back to the sky as the creatures grew closer.
Shadowhawk fired arrow after arrow at the beasts, though none of them struck the Kromiths but glided right through. After more attempts than she could count, the Elf gave up and returned her bow to her quiver, pulling out her sword as Quar Re separated and stood beside her.
As one of the creatures flew by Sir Tavannos, he swung his sword, witnessing it pass right through the Kromith without even touching it, the beast turning into a misty cloud. The Knight frowned as he turned and thrust his blade through another that had come up from behind, watching as the beast turned to smoke.
Valen’s blade sliced through the approaching creature, not even watching as mist swirled into the air. He spun around just as a Kromith came at him with its sharp claws raised. With no time to react, Valen braced himself for the attack when the creature passed right through him, dissipating into a cloudy vapor.
Kai’las bounded into the air and dove straight toward an approaching Kromith, his sword swinging right through the beast which immediately disappeared into a misty cloud. He breathed a sigh of relief, letting out a laugh. “An illusion.” He muttered.
Darius regarded his companions with a look of startlement. He had prepared himself for the worst outcome and was pleasantly surprised. He locked eyes with Makaelah, the two exchanging a smile.
Once the immortals struck all the Kromiths, watching them dissipate, they were instantly sent back to the room of fog.
“Interesting.” Airrak stated when he noticed that one of the cloudy walls was now solid.
“This is good.” Szarzekk grumbled. “I say we move on quickly and get this over with.” His companions could not agree more as they followed behind the Undead Warrior, their weapons at the ready.
It seemed as though they were back where they were the first time, on the open field with everything appearing exactly as it had before, including the cluster of Kromiths flying their way.
“My Gods.” Darius spoke quietly. Maybe it is the same no matter which wall we step through, he thought.
While the Kromiths were still a distance away, Shadowhawk nocked an arrow, wishing to see if she could actually harm the creatures or if they were an illusion like before. She pulled back and let it fly, watching with her comrades as the arrow did not pass through but struck one of the Kromiths directly in the eye, inducing the creature to let out a loud screech of pain. The Elf already released another two arrows as it was falling from the sky, taking down a total of thirteen of the beasts before they even came close enough for the other demigods to begin attacking.
Kai’las shot into the air, fighting alongside Makaelah, both putting every ounce of strength into their attacks while their companions on the ground battled the creatures that landed. Kai’las swiped Glimmer through the Kromiths wing and watched as it dropped to the ground. He grinned when he saw Airrak’s dagger run through the creature’s throat. Makaelah thrust Erathyl through the chest of another, hearing it screech as it fell from the air, nearly landing on Darius below.
Szarzekk was full of rage that even the attacking Kromiths seemed to show fear. The Undead Warrior flowed smoothly on the battlefield, working both of his weapons, and chopping down all the creatures surrounding him. The Kromiths did not even stand a chance, taking hit after hit from the Undead Warrior’s powerful weapons before falling to the ground, thrashing as their life force slipped away.
Valen sprang forward with a horizontal slash of his blade, slicing a Kromith nearly is half. He spun around on two coming at him, thrusting his sword into one while kicking the other back. The creature stumbled several feet back where Darius took it down with a strong uppercut across its neck, turning to thrust Justifier through the side of another. Sir Tavannos was there beside him, finishing off the creature with a vertical cut, through the shoulder and out the side.
Xilton blocked the Kromiths claw strike, throwing out a powerful throat punch before turning to jump kick another. She spun around, seeing a Kromith behind when a dagger suddenly flew through the air, striking the creature directly between the eyes. Exchanging a look with Tarakis, the two gave a nod and in the next instant the Rogue rushed off, jumping on the back of a Kromith.
“No worries… I have done this before.” Tarakis shouted, seeing the Monk’s wide eyes. 
When they had slain all the creatures, the demigods did not even have time to catch their breath when they were immediately transported back to the room of fog, finding another wall had become solid. Airrak turned and regarded his companions. Like him, they were exhausted and beaten up pretty badly, all of them, with the exception of Szarzekk and Kai’las, were dripping blood, some worse than others. When his eyes moved to Shadowhawk he noticed how pale the normally tan Elf was, appearing to be in quite some pain. Stepping over to her, the Mage looked upon her with concern. “You are hurt.”
Shadowhawk immediately saw Airrak’s worry. “I am fine.” She said, holding a hand over her left side.
Kai’las rushed over and gently lifted the Elf’s hand. Her armor was torn and dripping with blood but he was able to see the wound. “Were you… did it bite you?” He quietly asked and when Shadowhawk shook her head, Kai’las gave a nod, though he did not appear convinced.
“I will be fine. I appreciate your concern, Kai’las, but let us move quickly.” She realized then that she may not make it out of the caves, but Shadowhawk was determined to get as far as she could, wanting to at least lay her eyes on the first of the holy weapons. Kai’las’ eyes locked with hers and the Elf saw what appeared to be sadness in his eyes.
“Do not think it pity, D’ae Feon.” Kai’las uttered. “It is only concern. Like it or not, we are all in this together.”
Shadowhawk gazed into his eyes a moment before her lips formed a small smile. The Elf could not help herself, for he glowed so stunningly. “Thank you. Now… choose a direction and I will follow.”
“Very well.” Darius said with newfound respect for the Elf. “Let us go.” He turned and held his breath as he stepped through one of the remaining two walls of fog.
Their eyes glanced around at golden shimmery walls and thick deep red carpet flowing down a long hallway. They began walking slowly at first, their steps becoming more confident and determined. It seemed to go on forever, finally opening up into a room filled with lush, gilded furniture and a warm fire burning in a massive fireplace with a gold trimmed hearth surrounding it. Off to one side of the room, a beautiful dark-haired woman with a slight glowing white aura stood facing them, her deep red gown touching all the way to the floor. She did not appear frightened or even surprised to find them suddenly standing before her in her living quarters.
The woman’s smile lit up her gray eyes. “Welcome.” She said, giving them a slight bow of her head. “I am Jaeron.”
Xilton’s eyes widened in excitement. “Gamaliel’s daughter.”
“I am.” She replied with a nod. “You have come for the Arbalest.”
Tarakis ginned wide. “Indeed we have.”
“I have watched your progress throughout the caves.” Jaeron said. “I have to say, I am very impressed.” 
Valen narrowed his eyes. “Was all of that really necessary? We came close to death a few times. Were we dead, I cannot imagine what good we would be to the Gods.”
“Trust me, if the Gods wanted you dead you would have been long ago.” Jaeron calmly said. “My mother created the caves and all of the obstacles within them. If those seeking the weapon proved themselves worthy by surviving through the caves, both physically and mentally, the weapon would then be offered to them.” She paused. “You must understand, I could not hand the weapon over to just anyone, only those who have conquered the challenges.” She waved her hand as she stepped aside, revealing a tall chest of drawers, and sitting on the top of it was the Arbalest enclosed in a gilded glass case. “It is yours.”
Immediately, the demigods were drawn towards it. One by one, they stepped forward, gazing into the case. The glass surrounding the weapon vanished, leaving the Arbalest resting on a pillow of red velvet. They could hear the slightest humming as a faint glow emitted from it.
The Arbalest looked to be about four feet in length, a solid and heavy weapon with no remarkable details and absolutely nothing ornate about it. The stock appeared like a plain wood, the same you would find on any ordinary crossbow with the bow portion constructed from a dull metal. Anyone who cast their eyes upon it would never guess that it was a weapon of the Gods. 
Tarakis’ face scrunched up, looking doubtful. “That is the Arbalest?”
Jaeron ignored his comment and picked up the Arbalest, turning to the demigods. “Your quest here has not yet ended.” She stepped directly over to Kai’las, her breath catching as her eyes beheld him. Jaeron held the weapon out before him.
The Fae’s eyes drifted down at the Arbalest briefly before coming back up to Jaeron. “Yes, it is lovely. Perhaps you should have one of my comrades hold onto that.”
“I think not.” She said with a smile. “You are meant to take the weapon. This I know for certain.”
Kai’las raised a brow and after some hesitation, he reached out to accept the Arbalest from her. The weapon immediately began glowing brighter as a fine mist encircled all around it, enveloping Kai’las’ hands and traveling up his arms, inducing a tingling sensation. When it evaporated, the glow faded completely and the Arbalest was gone. Kai’las frowned, shooting Jaeron a curious look.
Her gray eyes lit up. “The Arbalest has bonded with you as I knew it would.”
 “The Librarian said nothing of this.” Darius said, uncertain of how he felt about having the holy weapon melded inside one of their bodies.
“Master Raith was not aware of it.” Jaeron replied. “It is known by but a few.”
“And how will it… unbond?” Kai’las asked as he inspected his hands.
“When the three who carry the weapons inside of them are together in the Circle of Eternity, along with the three Greaters, they will present themselves. Not until then.” Jaeron reluctantly turned from Kai’las, looking at each of them. “This way they are kept safe, their whereabouts unknown by any outsiders.”
“You seemed certain it would bond with him.” Sir Tavannos said. “How did you know?”
She turned back, her eyes trailing once again across the Fae’s face. “A feeling.”
“Hmm… I would not have been my first choice but… so be it.” Kai’las voiced. He waited a moment until no one else spoke. “If I may ask…”
“You may ask me anything.” Jaeron interjected.
Kai’las’ brows knitted together. “Alright.” He said, drawing the word out slowly. “Who put the portal in that ship out in the middle of nowhere in the Plains of Aras?”
“My mother.” Jaeron replied. “It is only seen by those chosen.”
“Very clever.” Kai’las said, sounding amused.
“But the one we came through was not a ship.” Airrak pointed out, motioning at his four comrades who came through with him. “Ours appeared as a shimmering cliff wall.”
“Interesting.” Kai’las said, turning again to address Jaeron. “So, if we stepped through the ship while being followed by say… one of Arrôz’s minions…”
“With either, the ship or the cliff wall, it would appear as though you had simply vanished. They are both powerful portals which help to keep others who are unwelcome from entering and locating the caves. They are…” Her words were cut short by a loud creaking sound echoing throughout the caves. “Hurry, you must go now, for time grows short.” Jaeron began pushing them back towards the hallway they had come through.
“Wait.” Valen said. “I need to know. The visions we had. Were they real?”
“I do not know what each of you witnessed. Only those of you who were present observed your vision.” Jaeron said hurriedly. “But yes, they are real. Whether they be memories from your past or glimpses of your future.”
Valen sighed irritably. “And the reason we were given them?”
Jaeron’s eyes darted anxiously around the cavern. “A challenge my mother required for you to experience. Possibly something she wished for you to know. Now, please… you must…”
“Seems a little senseless to me.” Valen interjected with a growl.
Airrak laid a hand on the Warrior’s shoulder. “Valen…”
“Aye, I know.” Valen said, with irritation. “Let us go.”
“But...” Xilton voiced while motioning at Shadowhawk. “Our companion requires help.”
Jaeron nodded. “And she will have it. But not by me. Apologies, but I am not a healer. Now please, you must hurry, or this will all be for naught. The Gods be with you.” Jaeron rushed them out.

†

Finding themselves back in the caves with only one way to go, the demigods raced through them before the water behind caught up. 
“Of course, now the water decides to come.” Tarakis mumbled.
Darius and Valen worked together, helping Shadowhawk through, which she thought it was ironic that two human males were actually helping her. As they all ran, the immortals did not worry about exhaustion or hunger, for they felt none, though they knew they had spent many hours in the cold caves, battling creatures and shattering illusions, while they fought to carry on what they were destined to accomplish.
There was no sure way to tell how long they had been running, but it had to have been at least a couple of hours. Makaelah ran ahead of the others, while Szarzekk held up the rear, pushing his companions forward. The water was right behind them, flowing with a rage as it crashed into the walls at every turn. Makaelah could see light up ahead, making herself push even harder to reach it. When they finally reached the exit, the half-Gods leaped through into the light, unknowing and uncaring what was waiting for them on the other side.

CHAPTER
26

Qismat, the God of Magic and Sorcery, sat at the desk in his study scribbling down notes in his journal. “Now, what was it?” He muttered, losing his train of thought as he so often did. He paused a moment, scratching his head with his writing utensil as he gazed into the flame of the candle flickering on his desk. “Oh, yes, that was it.” He continued writing once again while speaking out loud. “It is the will of the Gods to…” At that moment, an extremely loud commotion broke his concentration and Qismat immediately looked up from his journal knowing the ruckus had come from the other side of the large room which was hidden in darkness.
He muttered words and candles suddenly began lighting throughout the room revealing the cause of the commotion. On the floor, amidst broken pieces of wood from a few chairs that had gotten in their way, lay the half-Gods appearing very confused. “Oh my.” Qismat said, rendered speechless from the ten sets of eyes staring back at him.
After a moment of confused silence, the God stood from his desk and rushed over to his new visitors. “I daresay you are early.” He stated, then shook his head as he added, “No bother, you are here which is what is most important.”
One by one, they picked themselves up off of the floor, glancing around at their new surroundings. It was a large room and cluttered with what seemed to be various magical artifacts filling the tops of every piece of furniture throughout the chamber. It appeared as if everything had not been cleaned in over a millennia, judging by the thick layer of dust coating the furniture. The immortals could obviously see the man was a magic user, for he wore long robes of deep red and a matching pointed hat decorated with symbols sat atop long white hair. Thick round rimmed glasses covered his blue inquisitive eyes and his long beard and mustache puffed out with every other word he spoke. He was average built, standing at about five foot, eleven inches and in his hand was a four-foot wooden staff with an orb at the tip.
Airrak felt an instant connection. It was as if he were recognizing the image of something, a man perhaps, which had been in his head as long as he could remember. He stared at the being intently until he thought, maybe, he realized who it was. Could this be my Godly parent? He thought to himself.
“Welcome, welcome.” Qismat said. Peering around the room, his eyes fixed on the broken chairs. “My, my, it does not seem I have enough chairs to go around.” He scratched his chin in thought, then nodded. “Well, at least the females will be able to sit.” The God waved his staff, the orb at the tip bursting with a kaleidoscope of colors and three chairs shot forth from the other side of the room and over to Makaelah, Shadowhawk and Xilton. “Sit and rest a spell.” He said and at once, they did as he commanded, the Elf falling into the chair. “Oh my, she is unwell.”
“Yes.” Xilton voiced urgently. “Jaeron stated she was unable to heal her. Can you help her?”
“Yes, of course.” Qismat declared, nodding his head. He rushed to a glass cabinet containing many jars of various colors and shapes, opening the cabinet. “Now tell me, what caused this wound? Was it an object, such as a sword or a spear? Or was it more of.... a.... an.... animate object?”
“It was the claw of a Kromith.” Kai’las answered.
“A… bite.” The Elf uttered weakly and all of them turned at once.
“Oh dear.” The God muttered. “Well, let us get you fixed up then. Kromiths. Horrible creatures.” He began grabbing jars, pouring some of their contents into a metal cup while he mumbled to himself. When he was satisfied with his creation, Qismat shuffled back over to Shadowhawk, who appeared extremely pale at that point. Swirling the contents around, he said, “Medelor! Percero!” He offered her the cup. “Drink its entirety, my dear.”
“She cannot. She is too weak.” Darius replied, taking the cup from him, he put it to the Elf’s mouth, slowly raising it. He helped her drink until the cup was empty.
“It will take some moments.” Qismat voiced. “But she will be well.”
“Who are you?” Airrak asked curiously, even though he was certain he already knew the answer.
“Oh, do forgive me.” Qismat said with a chuckle. “I have not had visitors for quite a while except for those who work directly for me… and my siblings of course but they do not really matter now, do they? Most of the time they prefer to meet elsewhere. I fear my home makes most of them a bit uncomfortable. Why this is, I do not know. I find it quite cozy.” He paused for a moment, taking in their confused faces, then blew out a breath. “Oh, dear, it seems I have been rambling again. Do forgive me. I am Qismat and you may think you have stumbled upon my study by accident, I assure you, it was quite the opposite… I have been expecting you to… drop in, so to speak.” He laughed again at his choice of words.
“Did you say Qismat?” Tarakis asked, his eyes narrowed suspiciously.
The God smiled and replied, “Yes, I believe I did.”
“The God of Magic.” Airrak added matter of factly.
“Yes, and Sorcery.” He answered with a smile. “So many seem to forget that portion of my title. And magic and sorcery are a bit different. Though many may not realize it.”
“And you say you have been expecting us?” Tarakis said, frowning, then immediately, he nodded. “Of course you have, what was I thinking?” Maybe the Gods do know everything, he thought.
“Indeed.” Qismat said happily and stepped so close to Tarakis, the Rogue thought their noses would touch. “Tell me, Tarakis… are you hungry? Can I get you anything?” The God regarded each of them before going back to Tarakis.
He glanced at his friends. “Well, actually, I am a bit hungry.” Tarakis did not realize until then just how famished he really was and the Rogue was never one to pass up a good meal, especially a free one.
“Very well.” Qismat said, waving his staff once again and a table appeared instantly in the middle of the room. Covering the table were various meats, fruits, and cheeses, as well as a large selection of ales and wines.
“Holy Faustus.” Tarakis said with amazement. “Thank the Celestial City, I am starving!” Rushing to the table, he did not mind being the first of them to help himself to the delicious meal before turning back to Qismat to say, “Much obliged.”
The God chuckled. “You are very welcome, Tarakis. Enjoy. Oh, and…” He picked up a decanter of sparkling purple liquid, holding it up for Makaelah to see. “Celeyian wine for you, Commander.”
Makaelah stood up from the chair and walked over to Qismat, taking from him the beautiful crystal decanter containing the sweet wine from her home plane. “How kind of you.” She said with a smile. “Many thanks, my Lord.”
“Qismat. Call me Qismat. And, not at all. Please, let me pour you a glass.” Makaelah returned the decanter to his hands and watched as the God happily poured her a generous goblet of Celeyian wine. He turned and motioned to the table spread with food, which Tarakis was already picking through. “Please, everyone, help yourself. Eat up.”
The demigods immediately stepped up to the table, filling up their plates and indulging in the wide variety of foods brought forth from the God of Magic. While they ate, the companions listened to Qismat tell stories of his own personal adventures. This seemed to go on for quite some time, a few of them having filled their plates two or three times over.
“Could you tell us how long we were in those caves?” Szarzekk asked once he was able to finally get a word in, since the God seemed to have talked for an hour.
“One day shy of a week.” Qismat answered, popping an olive into his mouth. Seeing the disbelief on their faces, he added, “Oh, did you expect you were in there longer?”
“No, I did not think it had been that long, just mere hours.” Szarzekk replied.
The God nodded. “Oh well, yes, time does seem to travel differently in the Plains of Thayos.”
Darius looked up from his mug of ale. “We had figured it was about nine or ten hours.”
Qismat laughed. “No. Quite longer.”
“You said we were in the Plains of Thayos.” Xilton stated.
“Yes, I did indeed.”
“And we entered it through the hole in the ship?” The Monk asked.
“Yes, yes. There are only two ways to enter the Plains of Thayos, it being one of them, and…” The God turned to address the other group of half-Gods. “You five found the other way. Imagine that.”
“Everything about the Plains of Thayos was so... strange.” Xilton muttered.
“I will agree to that.” The God responded, smiling. “You see, when you entered into the Plains of Thayos you were no longer on the material plane, but on the Planes of Concordia.”
“Concordia.” Xilton repeated quietly.
“The Endless Fields.” Airrak muttered. 
Qismat nodded. “Indeed.”
“Who was this Thayos?” Asked Szarzekk.
“Thayos was an extremely loyal servant of mine.” Qismat replied. “A great man he was. Sadly, he fell repelling a large incursion of evil Dragons many, many years ago during the Dragon Wars.” His blue eyes fell on Makaelah. “You would have heard of him.” The Seraph nodded shortly at his comment. 
After several moments of silence, the God walked over to his desk, taking a seat behind it. “It went well, your time in the caves?” Qismat asked, surprising them by changing the subject.
Tarakis snorted. “It could have gone a lot better, but none of us died obviously. Though a couple of us came pretty close to it.”
“Yes, yes, I saw that.” Qismat saw the confusion on the Rogue’s face and decided it might be best to explain his comment. “Scrying is a remarkable way of keeping an eye on someone from afar, although I was not allowed to see much, unfortunately.”
“What do you mean you were not allowed to see much?” Tarakis asked.
“Well, if others were able to see your time in the caves, then the location of the Arbalest would not remain a secret, now would it?”
“I suppose not. But did you see I had Kai’las’ back?”
“We all had Kai’las’ back.” Darius growled.
The Fae had a touch of humor in his eyes as he glanced around the room, seeing his companions all gazing at him.
“Cast your eyes elsewhere Fae.” Valen voiced. “As I said, you make me uncomfortable.”
“My comrades are broken.” Szarzekk muttered with a shake of his head.
Qismat laughed at the Undead Warrior’s comment, then turned to Kai’las. “I assume this…” He motioned at his companions. “Is due to the effects of this…” He then gestured at the Fae himself and Kai’las nodded. “I thought so. Amusing.”
“If you say so.” Kai’las folded his arms. “It does not affect you. You are immune to it.”
“Not immune, no.” Was all Qismat said before he regarded each of the demigods. “I am assuming you found the weapon, although I do not see any of you carrying it.”
“Well you see, that is because it…” Kai’las proceeded to tell Qismat about the weapon bonding with him but as he spoke, his words came out in gibberish to the point that none of the others could understand him. He stopped and stared at the God with wide eyes.
Qismat laughed. “My dear Prince, the weapon is protected by the Greater Goddess who created it. No matter how hard you try, you will not be able to speak of it with anyone other than the chosen ones.”
“So, it is Fairy proof.” Shadowhawk said with a grin, earning everyone’s attention. She still sat in the chair but most of her color had returned. “Well, everyone knows Fairies talk too much.”
Kai’las smiled, finding it hard to be angry with the Elf. He was just happy to see she was doing better. “I think someone needs to educate you on the matters of the Fae, D’ae Feon. They may be a part of the Fae world, but I am no Fairy.”
“Welcome back, Shadowhawk. You look quite improved.” Qismat said. 
“I am much better. You have my thanks.” She said, her eyes returning to the Fae. “Would you come sit with me, Kai’las?”
He shot her a look. “If I must.”
Qismat laughed as he watched Kai’las take a seat on the floor near the Elf. His eyes drifted around the room. “Now, are there any questions for me before we part?”
Xilton cleared her throat. “Will the next weapon be as difficult to acquire as the Arbalest was?” She asked, though Xilton was afraid she already knew what the answer was.
“If I may be frank… yes, I imagine it will.” Qismat said outright. “The Greaters did not make the task easy for anyone. Tell me, have you an idea which one you will retrieve next? The Javelin, perhaps?”
“Is that your suggestion?” Asked Valen.
Qismat thought a moment before replying. “It is entirely up to you. Though, I will say this, the Javelin will be much easier to retrieve than the Sceptre, but still, the Javelin will not be any easier to come by than the Arbalest was.”
Tarakis stood, scratching his head. “Did that even make sense?”
Qismat laughed. “My dear boy, I assure you everything I say makes complete sense. Although, it may be confusing to some who are less educated. But…” He shook his head and waved his hand. “Well, we will not get into that right now.”
The look on Tarakis’ face gave away his confusion. Did he just insult my intelligence, he asked himself and decided not to dwell on it, shoving the thought to the back of his mind for the time being. “I would not say there was anything easy about the caves.”
“Well then…” Qismat started. “As I have said, the Sceptre will be the most difficult of the three weapons to retrieve.” He paused a minute, searching their worrisome faces before adding, “Perhaps you should set your minds on retrieving the Javelin and save the toughest for last.”
“Maybe you should all ask Kai’las.” Szarzekk’s deep voice grumbled. “Seeing how you all seem so concerned by what he thinks.”
They all glanced back and forth at one another for several moments, then suddenly heads started nodding as they all appeared to be in agreement.
“For the love of the Gods.” Szarzekk mumbled. “What is happening here?”
Kai’las lowered his head, his shoulders shaking while he tried his best not to laugh.
“Could I ask a question?” Xilton said a moment later.
Qismat smiled. “Of course, my dear.”
“I saw a man who claimed to be my father during an illusion in the caves. Was it real? Is my father alive?”
“My dear, Xilton, I am afraid I do not know the answer to that. I do not know a lot of what you witnessed while in the caves. As I said, I was not allowed to see much of your time in there. But I will say that if I do know my sister, Alestra, you will not have to wonder for long. She will make it so that you will know for certain.”
“I certainly hope so.” Xilton responded, her brows furrowed. “If it is true, I have so many questions. For instance, why would my father abandon me to the Monks? In the illusion, he said it was for my protection, but why would my mother let him do such a thing?”
“So many whys.” The God mumbled under his breath and looked back at the Monk, his blue eyes full of compassion. “We are speaking of the wisest amongst all of the Lesser Gods. Alestra has her reasons for all which she does and I am telling you now, if it is true, I am certain she had a very good reason for it. But my dear, even if you do find it is true and your father is alive, unfortunately, you still may never know the entire truth behind it.”
Xilton smiled faintly. “I understand.”
Qismat nodded and waited a moment to see if anyone else would speak before he said, “Now, why not take some time to prepare yourselves for your return to Rystarr while I speak with my son in private.” The God stood up, motioning for Airrak to follow. “Shall we?”
The Mage was rendered speechless, although he had already made the connection, all he could do was nod his head with a blank expression on his face. Of course, since learning of his heritage, he had always known in the back of his mind the God of Magic and Sorcery was his father, for it all made perfect sense. But hearing Qismat finally acknowledging him, just made it all the more real. Airrak walked beside the God as he led him down a long hallway and into a small, quiet room where two large dark leather chairs awaited them in front of a blazing fire. A small, round dark wooden table sat between the two chairs and sitting on top of it was a decanter filled with an amber colored liquor and two crystal glasses. When the two of them stepped inside the room, Qismat closed the door so they could speak for a while without being disturbed.

†

An hour or so later, Qismat and Airrak returned to the others and judging by the way most of them were lounging across the floor of the study, they all appeared to have made themselves quite comfortable. When Sir Tavannos watched his friend step into the room, he immediately stood up, which surprisingly, did not seem as difficult as one might think in full plate mail. Airrak watched the Knight’s movement and gave him a wide grin, letting Tavannos know he did indeed enjoy his time spent with his father, the God of Magic.
Szarzekk clapped Airrak on his back. “I take it all is well?”
The Mage turned, smiling at his comrade. “All is terrific. It could not have gone any better.”
The Undead Warrior nodded. “Good. I am glad for you that you had this chance to meet your father.”
“I am not sure if the rest of us will be as lucky.” Sir Tavannos remarked.
“Stay positive, my friend.” Airrak replied.
Valen laughed dryly, having heard the conversation. He shook his head. “It is a little difficult to try and stay positive when we know not what awaits for us around every bend.”
“I had an uncle once who used to go around telling others to always stay positive during times of troubles.” Kai’las remarked from behind.
Airrak cast a gaze at the Fae Prince. “You did say you ‘had’ an uncle… what befell him?”
“It is a long story which is best left for another time but suffice to say he did not heed his own advice, becoming not only highly negative but also a touch mad. Pae’ral was a bit of a gambler and towards the end of his life he had quite a long line of Unseelie on his tail.” Kai’las stopped talking, his iridescent green eyes staring off across the room. He sighed deeply, swirling the contents of his goblet. “Sadly, when you are wanted by the Unseelie, there is just no hiding from them. Pae’ral found that out the hard way.” Kai’las glanced around the room, seeing every one of them, with the exception of Szarzekk, was gazing at him with looks of awe.
“Well now, I believe the time has come for us to part.” Qismat said loudly, interrupting their conversation and gaining everyone’s attention. “But where to send you?” The God tapped his chin in thought. “Where indeed?”
“Must we leave so soon?” Asked Tarakis as he lounged across the floor on an overstuffed pillow, snacking from a plate of food he had refilled for the fifth time. “We have only been here but a few hours, surely we can stay just a short while longer.”
Qismat laughed. “My good Rogue, you have not been here for just mere hours, but for two days.”
Surprise crossed their faces and Kai’las said, “What?” at the same time Darius remarked, “No!” and Szarzekk replied, “How?”
Qismat considered each of them as they spoke. “My, my, so many questions.” He took his glasses off, wiping them clean with his robes. “Yes, yes, it is true. And the how is simple… I am a God, therefore I can make happen whatever I choose.” Sensing their doubt, Qismat sighed, then said, “Alright, fine, the true answer is as I said before, time travels differently in the Plains of Thayos.”
“So… we are still in the Plains of Thayos?” Shadowhawk asked, surprised.
Qismat nodded his head, causing his long-pointed hat to tilt to the side. “Indeed you are.” He pushed the hat back straight. “Truth be told, I go where I am needed. But yes, we are most certainly still in the Plains of Thayos.”
“Ah… so why I am still powerless?” Kai’las asked with a frown. “When we first entered the Plains of Thayos my powers still worked but then when we entered the caves, I lost everything.” A thought suddenly came to him and his iridescent eyes flew to the God’s. “You have wards placed, blocking it.”
Qismat smiled. “Very good, my dear Kai’las. Very good.”
“After we entered through the portal in the ship, I felt the shift in my powers. It was so strange and the results were always slightly… off.”
The God laughed outright. “Oh, I would say so.” The Fae raised a brow and stared at the God like he had lost his mind. “And when you burst from the ground with your glorious wings spread behind you, enhanced with just a touch of your true form showing through. Kai’las you had me clapping for joy.”
Darius shook his head. “You saw that?”
“Well, yes, of course. I told you... scrying.” Qismat replied to the Warrior. He turned back to Kai’las. “I am sorry Kai’las, I assume you were trying to ask me a question.”
“I was.” He said with his eyes narrowed. “Why did it happen? Is it a natural occurrence in the Plains of Thayos?”
“I noticed a change in my magic as well.” Airrak remarked.
Qismat nodded, adjusted his robes, and pushed his glasses back up on his nose. “Yes, it is a natural occurrence while in the Plains of Thayos, it always has been. And no one knows why it happens, it just does.”
Kai’las inclined his head. “And the caves?”
“The caves themselves are magical. No magic works in there but the caves magic. It is how Gamaliel created them.” The God regarded him a moment. “Do not fret, my boy, once you leave here, you will return to the same state you were in when you entered. All your powers intact.” He peered at Airrak and added, “Both of you. As well as Makaelah’s abilities.”
Sir Tavannos adjusted his weapons belt and muttered, “I am sure that is a relief.”
Qismat’s eyes flew to the Knight. The God was surprised he had spoken since he had been so quiet. “Well, lo and behold he has a voice. I was starting to wonder if you were ever going to speak.”
“Trust me, he has a voice.” Darius grumbled quietly.
Sir Tavannos seemed truly embarrassed by the Gods comment judging by the slight shade of red that spread across his cheeks. He cleared his throat. “Well, I…”
The God laughed, clapping him on the back. “Forgive me, good sir. Sometimes I forget my manners. I was only trying to lighten up some of these darker times. I meant no disrespect.”
“None taken, my Lord.” The Knight said with a smile, though his face was still a slight touch of red.
Qismat nodded. “Very well, now, where were we? Ah, yes, it is time for you to depart.”
Tarakis jumped up. “But, could we not have just a little more time… to rest, I mean? And maybe eat some more.”
Qismat lifted his staff, waving it in a wide circle as the tip of it glowed white. Seconds later, he regarded each of them in turn. “There… you all feel rested now, do you not?”
After they considered it, the companions realized they did indeed feel as if they had slept an entire eight hours straight through without any interruptions. 
“Amazing.” Xilton muttered.
“Very good.” Qismat said proudly. “Now, we must hurry. You still have far to go and much is at stake. But there is still the dilemma of where to send you.” The God walked across the room to where a large map of Rystarr was spread across the wall. Looking closely at the map, Qismat muttered words which were incomprehensible and the tip of his staff lit up, brightening the entire area. The God held his staff higher as he scanned over the map while mumbling to himself. “Based on the supposed location of the Javelin… the Moving Island… Faxton… the Circle of Eternity… Crystal Lake… hmm…” He raised a finger. “Yes, that is it. I will send you to Crystal Lake.”
“Crystal Lake?” Shadowhawk repeated. 
“Yes, that is correct. Crystal Lake.” Qismat gave a nod. “Right in the center. Yes, I think it would be the best location.” After he was satisfied with his decision, the God turned around, facing his visitors. “Now remember once you leave here you will no longer be concealed by my wards. Which means anyone can find you.”
Darius nodded. “So in other words, we should be prepared for anything.”
“Indeed you should. Indeed you should. Alright then, stuff your packs with food and gather your belongings.” The immortals did as the God of Magic instructed them and picked up their things, stuffing as much food as they could fit into their packs, for they had no idea when they would have another chance to stock up on supplies.
“One question.” Szarzekk said. “We left our horses…”
Qismat interrupted the Undead Warrior. “Oh yes, of course. The horses, how could I forget? You will find your beasts waiting for you at Crystal Lake.” He then addressed the other group. “As well as horses for the four of you, as I assume you, Makaelah are in no need of a horse.” The Seraph replied with a nod. “I think that is it. Good luck to you all and the Gods speed.”

‡

Tark-volmar, Highlord of Glacis and General of the Dark Legion had taken over the home of the Overlord of Evermoor. He only had use of it for a short period of time and the man was more than willing to loan it out, at least that was what the man had told him. Of course, one would say about anything when a sword was pressed against his throat. The demigod was in what appeared to be the Overlord’s study, looking out the window across the dark town when the double wooden doors on the far end of the room opened, admitting one of his servants. 
“My Lord, you have a visitor.” The servant said with a bow.
The half-God nodded. “If it is who I believe it to be, I have been expecting him.” He replied, his calm, deep voice producing authority. “Send him in.” Within seconds, the doors opened further, allowing entry of a large black armored figure. Tark-volmar looked him up and down before his gaze settled on the yellow eyes which peered out from behind a full black helm. “Hmm… you are Asmoellus’ son?”
The other demigod gave a short nod of his head. “I am Alpheŭs.” He said with a voice just as deep as the other immortal standing before him. He removed his helmet, revealing red skin and black hair, running just past his thick shoulders. His helm had been custom made to accommodate the two small horns which protruded from his forehead. The man, or Devilkind, as they are known, was broad, standing at approximately six foot, two inches. “My father directed us to meet with the intent of combining our strengths.”
Tark-volmar did not appear taken back by his features in the least. He had learnt to work with the various races and in fact, he had grown to actually appreciate, or tolerate, most of them. And those he did not, were simply disposed of. “As did mine.” He said, moving back to the window. “Unfortunately, I have lost sight of both groups at this time. But I have one of my servants working on locating them. I hope to hear something soon.”
“I will wait to hear from you then.” Alpheŭs paused. “Which group would you suggest I follow?”
“It makes no difference to me. Whichever one you see fit. Gather some forces while you wait. Once you start tailing them, there will be no reason to stay concealed. Let them know you are there.”
“So, no holding back?”
“No. I do not care what you do.” He coldly said. “Just try not to kill them. And if you choose the group with the Celeyian… do not touch her.”

‡

Skalanis and Lorimier sat in their room at The Wild Pony Inn in Illaria. They had been there for a week now, since losing sight of the immortals in the Plains of Aras. The Mage scryed for hours each day trying to locate them, while Lorimier paced the floor in front of him.
“Keep trying.” The Elf snapped. “I refuse to contact Grorrus Doomhammer, just to let him know how incompetent we are.”
Skalanis laughed without humor. “What do you think Tark-volmar is going to do to me when I tell him I have lost sight of them? You have no fear of Grorrus.”
“Worry about it later, Mage. They have to return at some point. Do not stop.”
Skalanis returned his eyes to the bowl of shimmery liquid, concentrating deeply. “Where are you?” He mumbled. He continued scrying for hours until his head had a dull ache in the center of it. As he stared into the bowl, Skalanis caught sight of something which brought a smile to his face. “I have found them. They are at Crystal Lake.”
“Good.” Lorimier stated. “Now, contact your master while I step out for a few moments.”
“Where are you off to?”
The Elf grinned mischievously. “Why, to let Grorrus know of course.” He replied, stepping out. 
Skalanis stood abruptly and closed his eyes, his body tense as he concentrated on his master’s location. A moment later, an image of Tark-volmar floated a foot above the floor.
“You finally have news for me?” His master said in a deep voice.
Skalanis tried to smile. “I do, my Lord. I have found…”
“Where?” Tark-volmar cut his words off.
“Crystal Lake, my Lord.”
“Crystal Lake? What in the seven levels of Faustus are they doing there?” The evil half-God said more to himself.
“I am leaving to head there now.”
His master nodded, then replied, “Go, but stick to the shadows. I am not ready for them to discover you as of yet. That imbecile, Osremyer has gone and gotten himself killed by these very same immortals. Alenia has vanished without a trace.” The image of Tark-volmar wavered for a brief second. “She is most likely dead as well. I cannot afford to lose you, at least not until I have recruited more. Understood?”
The Mage bowed his head slightly. “Understood, my Lord.”
“They will have their hands full soon enough.” Half a second later, the image of Tark-volmar disappeared without another word.

‡

The demigods stood on the eastern shore of Crystal Lake, gathering their bearings. Valen shivered from the tingling sensation of residue leftover from the strong magic used to teleport him and his companions the great distance back to the material plane. 
“Are you well, my friend?” Airrak asked, laying a hand on the Warrior’s shoulder.
“No.” Valen said flat out. “That is not natural and I can honestly say I never want to go through it again.”
The Mage chuckled. “It may seem unnatural to you but I assure you it was quite necessary for us to return home.”
“Can you do that?”
Airrak laughed again. “If only I could, but it takes a strong magical being to teleport through the planes. I can teleport to a point, but that distance? Sadly no, I cannot.”
“It is similar to traveling through portals.” Kai’las said. His eyes were now pale green, his features no longer enhanced. He appeared as he had before stepping into the Plains of Thayos.
Darius gazed up towards the sky. It was daytime but thick black clouds darkened the area. “I fear it will start pouring down on us soon. We need to find passage to carry us north to the ports. From there we can continue east to the Ellarian Sea.”
“I am certain a boat will happen by soon.” Sir Tavannos replied. “I have learnt just recently that many merchants pass up and down the river, making their way to and from Jovian Falls for trade. Here, let me help you.” He said to Makaelah, picking up her fallen travelers pack.
Makaelah smiled politely as the Knight handed it over to her. “Thank you.”
“My pleasure.”
“Showoff.” Darius mumbled to himself, shaking his head. He felt as though the Knight was clearly overdoing it for his benefit. He turned and spotted the horses Qismat had promised them tethered to a tree fifty yards down the river. “We should head down the river a ways. See if we can spot a boat.” He said to any who would listen.
“I think perhaps we should hold off on that.” Kai’las stated while staring off into the distance. “Something is coming.”
“What is coming?” Valen asked, frowning.
Kai’las’ eyes instantly returned to their bright iridescent green. “I am not entirely certain but the power they are generating is extraordinary. They are not human.”
Not forty paces in front of them a large glimmery orb suddenly appeared. The immortals could not see into it, for the contents were a swirling mass of shimmery dark gray smoke. Within seconds, a large black armored being stepped out, the orb instantly vanishing. He stood without speaking for a time as he regarded the half-Gods, though none could actually see his face, for he wore a horned black helm, his gloved right hand resting on an immense great sword at his hip. “Where is the Arbalest.” His deep voice finally spoke.
Valen took a step forward. “Do you see the holy weapon among us?” He asked, motioning with his hands.
“I do not believe you have failed in your attempts at retrieving it.”
“If you have come for the Arbalest, then you will fail in your attempts at retrieving it.” Kai’las coldly stated and his eyes flew to the distance where the land was now encased in a thick dark fog.
The armored figure gave a deep laugh. “Yes, you feel them, do you not, Fae? They are mine. They are the Condemned.”
“Tark-volmar.” Airrak uttered.
“In the flesh.” He calmly replied. “I will leave you with my gifts, but understand this... I am always close by.” Tark-volmar turned, lifting a hand and the same smokey orb appeared before him. He walked directly into the swirling dark gray smoke and vanished.
“They are coming.” Szarzekk voiced and the clouds above opened up, pouring rain down upon them. “The only way to kill them is you must remove the head. Or at least severely damage it.”
In the near distance, everyone could now see the first row of ten black armored knights step through the dark fog two hundred or so yards away. Along with the black full plate mail, their faces were hidden behind helms resembling skulls and each one carried a black great sword in one hand and a large black shield in the other. They all walked in sync, each one appearing like an exact replica as the one beside it.
One by one, the half-Gods unsheathed their weapons, spreading out to give themselves plenty of fighting room. 
Makaelah called forth Peregi, her bow of light. “There are too many of them.” She said worriedly, after more of the enemies had revealed themselves. “I cannot see us winning this fight.”
“And here I thought the Celeyians were known for their faith.” Kai’las said with a crooked grin.
“I have plenty of faith, my friend. But I also know when to be realistic.” Makaelah shot up into the air, preparing to rain down as many magical flame arrows upon their foes as she possibly could.
As the black knights stepped closer, the immortals immediately wasted no time and rushed forward, beginning their attack. When one moved to strike Xilton, the Monk jumped in the air and hit it with a horizontal spinning kick, sending it flying back into the enemies behind. Another knight came upon her, swinging its sword and the Monk ducked at the last moment, coming up to throw all of her strength into her fists, punching its helmed head. The knight stumbled back with a crushed in helmet as she turned low, going into a front sweep kick, and knocking another off its feet before slamming her fist through the dark ones throat.
The enemy started toward Valen but the Warrior did not wait for it and instead, he charged forward seeming to take the knight by surprise and knocking it off its feet. His sword went into the dark ones chest smoothly but when he pulled it out, his foe did not falter. With speed and precision, Valen brought his blade upward, swinging it in an arc and taking off the knight’s head. He immediately turned on the next one as his sword went up and around, the undead’s head rolling a distance away.
Szarzekk worked himself into a rage, fighting the two attacking foes at once. The Undead Warrior swung his sword at one and his great axe at the other, both weapons hitting their marks and slicing the head off of one. The other should have been a fatal hit but Szarzekk knew these enemies were not mere mortals. Bringing his great axe up, he slammed it into the second knight’s head, crushing it, then turned, driving it across to bash it into the head of another.
Darius’ eyes glowed white as he attacked, slashing his foe across the neck with Justifier, the blade alighting with red runes. He turned, coming back around with Silencer to finish it off. When two knights came upon him, he set his swords into a spin, slicing them up and removing the head of the one on his left. Although the other black knight was able to get in a hit of its own, smashing Darius in the side of his head with a shield. Pain exploded, throwing him off balance and bringing the Warrior to his knees.
Witnessing what had happened, Makaelah rushed in to help. Releasing her bow, she dropped to the ground in front of Darius. The enemy took one look at the Celeyian and stepped back, unwilling to attack her. A halo of golden light began forming above her head. Darius looked up, staring at her in awe. “Look away.” She directed him. He turned away just as a burst of light shot out, encompassing around the Angel and all undead knights within a thirty foot radius were thrown back off their feet. She reached a hand out to Darius and unsheathed Erathyl. The two then stood together, back to back, as the black knights rose up once again and started moving towards them.
Kai’las shifted in and out of the battlefield, moving so fast his feet barely even touched the ground. Electrical current flowed through his blade, Glimmer as he struck the heads off the undead knights, not even bothering to watch them fall before he vanished once again. He shifted right in the center of four dark ones, who came at him at once. Kai’las spun, taking the head off one. Lightning branched out through Glimmer, striking another through the skull. He bent backwards as a sword swung over him, coming back up with a swing of his blade and the third knight’s head fell to the ground. Kai’las reached out to the last one, placing his palm over the dark ones helm and blasting the undead with the element of fire. The knight flew fifty yards and dropped with a charred hole through its skull.
Sir Tavannos’ sword slashed through the enemy, taking off the upper portion of its head. The Knight stayed near Airrak, keeping him safe from the undead knights so that he could concentrate on his spells, as the two of them had done many times before. The Mage kept in the distance, his hands moving as he began another spell. “Fuglur! Ignus! Fulmin!” Airrak shouted and a ball of crackling energy shot forth from his hands. As he watched, six of the enemies were instantly incinerated. The Mage turned, exchanging a nod with Tavannos before he moved onto another spell. 
Blood dripped from a deep gash on Shadowhawk’s upper arm but it did not hinder her while Quar Re fought at her side, tearing into the throat of an undead knight, ripping its head off. The Elf kept on the dark one in front of her, swinging her sword but missing its head by mere inches. The knight butted her in the side with its shield and Shadowhawk hit the ground, rolling to the side, and jumping back up, swinging her sword as she went. The head came off, dropping and rolling a distance away. An undead came at her with an overhead strike, the Elf blocking it at the last second. She moved to counter cut when Quar Re leaped over her head, taking the enemy to the ground.
As an enemy went at Tarakis, the Rogue sprung forward running at full speed, his blades in his hands. Sliding through the mud, he jumped up and over his opponents sword swing, landing behind the black knight. As the enemy turned to face him, the knight’s head did not move with its body but fell to the ground a half a second later. Tarakis could not help but grin. He turned to his right, seeing a dark one come up on Kai’las from behind. Throwing out his magical dagger, he watched it whirled through the air, landing directly between the black knight’s eyes.
Valen dodged and jumped out of the way of a deadly sword, lunging backwards while swinging his great sword and taking off his enemies head. The rain pounded and thunder crashed so loudly he did not catch the one which came at him from behind with its sword raised high. Being suddenly pushed to the side with great enough force, Valen stumbled in the mud.
“NO!” Airrak screamed.
Valen did not realize what had happened until he turned and found Sir Tavannos on his knees with the blade of an undead knight buried deep in his chest. He knew then that it was Tavannos who had pushed him out of harm’s way. “He saved my life.” Valen mumbled under his breath.
“NO!” Airrak yelled again. “Praevahor!” He shouted, thrusting out his hand and sending the dark ones that surrounded Sir Tavannos flying into the air and away from his friend. Airrak rushed towards him, dropping down next to the Knight while memories of the caves haunted him.
Kai’las watched as Airrak rushed towards Sir Tavannos. His eyes drifted out, seeing the remaining dark ones approaching them. Raising his hand, thunder roared above as his wings shot out, lifting him into the air and a slight golden glow encased him as he allowed a faint portion of his true form come through. Lifting his hands high, he let his narrowed gaze drop to the enemies and lightning crackled throughout the dark sky. An enormous pure white bolt suddenly shot down directly onto the last of the five black armored knights, obliterating them instantly.
Airrak gently laid his friend down onto his back. The rain started easing up to a light drizzle and the dark clouds began breaking apart, revealing patches of blue sky.
Staring up into the Mage’s kind eyes, Tavannos’ breathing was labored. “Airrak, my friend.” He said weakly.
“Shh… do not speak.” Airrak replied, tearing up. “Save your strength.”
“I am fine… just a few… cuts and… bruises. Nothing… a good rest… cannot cure.”
Airrak tried to smile the best he could under the circumstances. “Yes, very true, my friend. You are going to be just fine.” Those were the last words spoken between the two of them as tears fell uncontrollably down Airrak’s face. Wiping them with the sleeve of his robe, it was then the Mage realized his other comrades were gathered around him and the undead knights had all fallen.
Szarzekk could not help but remember the vision from the caves as he laid his hand on the Mage’s shoulder. “I am sorry.” He quietly said. “He was truly an honorable man.”
Airrak looked up at him, knowing in that moment the Undead Warrior was, like him, remembering the vision they had experienced together in the caves. The Mage nodded, then turned back to the body of his longtime friend, his family. After a few more moments of silence, Airrak glanced around the battlefield. “The Condemned... those were only half their numbers.” He peered up at Makaelah who was standing above him holding a blue feather. He knew what she had intended but unfortunately, it had all happened too fast.
The Angel gave him a somber smile and cast her eyes at the fallen Knight, no longer seeing the brilliant green aura which had once surrounded him. Sadly, she turned away.
“You meant to heal him.” Xilton whispered to her.
“There was not enough time.” Makaelah uttered, placing the feather back among her wings.
Airrak frowned as his eyes scanned around the muddy battlefield. Bodies of the undead knights lay scattered about and an enormous bolt of lightning was not twenty yards away. He and his companions were all soaking wet with patches of mud and most of them appeared worse for wear with cuts and scrapes all over them. Airrak sniffled, glancing back at Sir Tavannos. “I must take his body home for a proper burial.”
“Yes, of course.” Darius said sincerely, feeling somewhat awful for all the times he thought ill of the Knight. Turning a glance back at Makaelah, Darius could see her eyes glistening from unshed tears.
Szarzekk thought for a moment and although he had trouble understanding emotions, he did understand loss. He paused in speaking, but then looked at Airrak. “I hesitate to bring this up, but, I can offer you an alternative.”
His words earned the curious attention of his companions, with the exception of Airrak, who continued to kneel beside his longtime friend.
“What exactly are you talking about?” Darius asked, being the first to ask the obvious question.
Valen removed his helmet, letting out a deep sigh while rubbing his forehead. “He is speaking of taking him to his home.” When the others peered at him in confusion, he nodded towards the Undead Warrior and added, “To become like him.”
“Precisely.” Szarzekk said. “He would live again and, under most circumstances have a full existence.”
The demigods shifted uncomfortably as they all exchanged glances.
“No!” Airrak exclaimed, more forcefully than he meant to. He turned to Szarzekk. “I appreciate the offer, however, I do not believe Tavannos would want that.” He quickly wiped a single tear from his eye. “So, I will honor my earlier statement and return him to our family and our King.”
They were interrupted when a bright ball of white light captured their attention, appearing a few paces away. The circle grew to be about ten feet in diameter before it began to dissipate, revealing a rather mangy looking dog. Slowly, the dog walked over to where Sir Tavannos lay with Airrak kneeling beside him.
“Shadow…” Airrak mumbled, tears coming more freely to his eyes. 
The dog appeared to look at him in recognition and lay his head on the Mage’s shoulder. Moments later, the canine began to strangely morph, changing shapes, until suddenly a man was standing before them. Dressed in glistening silver full plate mail, he had an extremely large great sword sheathed at his side. His short, dark brown hair was cut close and he wore a neatly trimmed beard and mustache. Standing at a height of at least six foot, four inches with a solid and stocky build, the way he carried himself showed confidence, while his blue eyes shown extreme kindness.
“Greetings.” He said with a slight bow. “I am Sir Arandron.”
“The God of Justice and Chivalry.” Xilton whispered.
“Yes.” Sir Arandron said and his eyes fell to the body of Sir Tavannos. “I have come for my son.”
Airrak immediately came to his feet, turning to the God. “Forgive me, my Lord, but if I may ask… what will you do with him?”
“I will take him to The Silver Halls of Ikarus where he will be buried alongside the true heroes of the Halls and forever be amongst my personal knights.” The God smiled. “Who knows, you may someday see your friend again.”
“The Silver Halls of Ikarus.” Airrak muttered in surprise as his eyes lit up. “My friend would be greatly honored.”
Sir Arandron laid a gauntleted hand to his chest. “I assure you… it is I who would be honored. Tavannos was a great man. I was extremely proud to call him my son.”
“You speak as if you knew him.” Airrak said softly.
“Well, of course I knew him. He was my son.” The God’s reply startled the Mage. “Trust me, I had looked in on him quite often. A God can take many forms… even that of a childhood pet.”
Airrak nodded as he thought of the scraggly dog which followed Sir Tavannos everywhere throughout his years in the Southern Kingdom. He could not help but smile. “Shadow.” He whispered. “It is reassuring to know you were there. I wish Tavannos could have known.”
The God smiled, giving the Mage a nod of gratitude. “If only I could have disclosed to him the truth of his ancestry. Believe me when I say, there were many times when I would have liked to. But for Tavannos’ sake, it was best that no one knew… including him.” Airrak barely heard him when Sir Arandron quietly added, “The Gods have many enemies.” The minutes seemed to tick by as the God stared off into the distance, his mind clearly lost in thought and none of the demigods felt it was their place to interrupt him. Finally, Sir Arandron cleared his throat, bringing his eyes back around to settle on his son’s body. “Now… it is time for us to depart.”
“Yes.” Airrak said, crouching down next to the body to speak to his friend one last time. “Goodbye, my friend. Until we meet again in the afterlife.” The Mage stood straight, facing the God once again. “May I ask a favor, my Lord?”
“Of course.”
“Would you…” Airrak cleared his throat. “Would you allow me to keep Tavannos’ sword? I would like to deliver it to our King.”
The God of Justice immediately bent, retrieving his son’s sword, and holding it out before him. “I am certain Tavannos would have liked for you to have it.”
“My thanks.” Airrak replied, taking the blade with a faint smile.
Sir Arandron nodded, then turned away, bending down and easily lifting the Knight’s body, cradling him in his arms as he would a small child. Before departing, the God turned to the demigods to say, “The Gods speed to you all.” He was gone before they knew it, leaving the same way he had come, in a ball of bright white light.

‡

“Well, that is a shame.” Lorimier voiced, taking a seat on the bed. He glanced around the small room he shared with the mage.
“I suppose it was a shame.” Skalanis said, having just returned to The Wild Pony Inn in Illaria. “The God of Justice whisked his body away. One less half-God to be concerned with if you ask me. The Condemned are powerful foes. And they fought only half their numbers.”
The Elf rubbed his chin in thought. “Yes, I am surprised Tark-volmar did not send more of their numbers to slay a few more demigods.”
Skalanis laughed without humor. “Tark-volmar is incredibly wise. I am certain he only brought the Condemned there to show the immortals what they were capable of. The power they would be up against.”
Lorimier scoffed. “Yes, and you said those immortals slayed all of them.”
“Arrôz could have more created.” The Mage replied and then noticed a look of confusion on the elf’s face. “What?”
“Did you see any of them carrying the Arbalest?”
Skalanis appeared in thought. “No, I did not. Perhaps they did not locate it.”
“Perhaps.” Lorimier responded. “Though I highly doubt they would have left the area without it. Your master must have inquired about it.”
“Yes, but as I said, he is wise. He knows more than what he leads them to believe.”
 “Of course.” Lorimier muttered. “We must leave and catch up with them. Look for any sign of the weapon.”
“You think I do not know this, Elf?” Skalanis snapped. I am traveling with a nit wit, the Mage thought to himself, then peered over at Lorimier.
“Watch it, Mage, for I will not hesitate to gut you while you sleep.” He warned with a deadly glare in his eyes.

‡

Alenia stood outside the door to the room where her former allies were talking. It sounded to her that one of the demigods had fallen but she could not tell who it was they were speaking of.
Her thoughts immediately went to the Rogue that she had helped and the wound he had suffered at the hands of the Darkman.
What is this that I am feeling? Is it concern or something else? Something had most certainly happened to her… something inside. What she was experiencing, was new to her. Where did it come from? She did not know for certain but Alenia was determined to seek out the Rogue or his comrades, for she must find answers to her questions.
No one noticed as she snuck out of The Wild Pony Inn and went on her way. Shaking her head, she muttered to herself, “Where is this going to lead me?”

‡

“We need a plan.” Darius said.
“I must still make my way to Vlondoria.” Airrak voiced. “I should inform the King. He was always very kind to Tavannos and I am certain he will want to know.”
“I will join you.” Valen stated. “At least a portion of the way, for I must make a stop at my hold. We can cross the southeast over to the coast.”
“The southeastern route?” Szarzekk mumbled, turning to give a nod. “I will accompany you as well.”
“And me.” Tarakis chimed in. After all, the Rogue had grown too fond of the three of them, so he could not very well let them go on without him. He glanced at the Fae. “Apologies Kai’las, I know I said I would have your back, but…”
“And you did.” Kai’las replied with a grin, handing him back his magical dagger. “We will meet again, my friend, very soon.” He added, earning a nod from the Rogue.
“Very well.” Airrak said with a faint smile. Truth was, he really had not expected anything different. They had been together thus far. Why separate now?
“What route will you take?” Valen asked as they all turned and headed toward their horses.
Darius glanced at his companions. “We need winter gear. I was thinking we should head back up to Jovian Falls and then east from there. Let us plan to meet in Faxton. It is a small sea village right off the coast of the Ellarian Sea.” His eyes volleyed between Valen and Airrak. “In two months’ time.”
“Aye, we should make that time.” Valen said with a nod. “We have the horses but will travel by vessel as often as we can.”
“Very well.” Darius brushed a hand through his rain-soaked hair, smearing mud and blood through it. “There is an Inn called The Grinning Minnow. It is the only establishment of that sort in the village. You cannot miss it.”
“Alright.” Valen replied. “The Grinning Minnow.”
“Till then.” Darius said, offering the man his arm.
Valen nodded, clasping the other man’s forearm. “Till then.” They both eyed one another as a sensation rushed up their clasped arms, surging through them. 
Makaelah stepped away, feeling a slight pulling in her heart. She looked up, her golden eyes drifting over the white clouds with an awareness of who was up there. She could not see her brother, but she knew he was there. “Arendon”, Makaelah called out on a prayer and waited, though her prayer went unanswered.

‡

Arendon watched his sister from high through the cover a thick white cloud. He had heard her call out to him but did not want to burden her with his presence, knowing she would have so many questions for him. She thought he had vanished from her life so long ago, but he could never do that. He always listened when Makaelah prayed to him, even though it seemed to her otherwise. Arendon could not return to Celeya, but he could watch out for her while she walked upon Rystarr.

†

THE DEMIGODS WILL CONTINUE THEIR QUEST IN
BOOK II
THE JAVELIN OF RAGNAR

†

EPILOGUE

It was in the twilight hours when Tark-volmar opened the door to the Dark Praetorium, stepping inside. The uneasiness drifted over him, for he was told by his father to attend the meeting alone, without any of his loyal servants.
He took a deep breath and glanced around the large structure, surveying twenty or thirty beings throughout the room. He began stalking through, his heavy boots sounded like thunder on the marble floor as he went. 
“Clear out. All of you.” The half-God ordered and all but a few closed their books, gathered their belongings, and proceeded to rush to the exit. Tark-volmar’s eyes narrowed as he peered at the remaining few who chose to disobey his orders. “I said leave. NOW! Or I will have you all skinned.” His last words were more than enough to get the remaining few to exit the structure and he found himself alone in the Temple.
His steps took him toward the back, where the lighting was dim, and there he began to pace back and forth. The immortal found himself uncomfortable with the feelings he was experiencing. The anxiety and restlessness were unnatural to him.
If only his father had told him who it was he was to meet with, then he could have been better prepared but Arrôz’s vague words were ‘he is powerful and very much unexpected’. He was to do whatever it took to appease him.
Tark-volmar was certain it could not be one of the Gods. Had it been, Arrôz would be attending the meeting himself, in the privacy of his Black Citadal.
The door suddenly flew open and a cold, icy breeze blew through the room, sending chills up his spine and the candles throughout the room flickered. A tall dark form moved into the doorway; his face concealed in darkness.
He moved into the room, appearing to be more gliding than he was walking and as he did so, the door closed gently behind him.
Tark-volmar took a sharp intake of air as the being moved closer to him, taking in his sharp facial features. He was clad in a reddish-brown leather armor, heavy boots, and bracers to match, all adorned with complex patterns and foreign writing. His form was tall and trim while slightly muscular with long caramel colored hair flowing to his waist, a stark contrast next to his pale skin.
As the being came to stand before him, cold, uncaring, and cloudy violet eyes gazed into his. Tark-volmar shifted his stance, becoming aware in that instant that he was in the presence of the Dark Fae Prince.





GLOSSARY

THE DEMIGODS


Airrak: Male Human Archmage. From the Southern Kingdom of Vlondoria. Thirty-eight years of age. Five feet, eleven inches. His form is average. Gray hair with a short black beard and light brown eyes. Carries a magical staff. Studied at the Arcane College in Jovian Falls. Member of the Royal Mages of Vlondoria. Did his apprenticeship with the renowned mage, Estarius of Quandarra. Because he is a distant relative of the Southern King, he was raised in the castle with Sir Tavannos, becoming longtime friends with him. Cousin to Sir Tavannos. Fought in the Goblin Wars. His father is Qismat, the God of Magic and Sorcery.

D’ae Feon (Shadowhawk): Female Wild Elven Ranger of Greenmar. Two hundred forty-eight years of age. Five feet, four inches. Long wavy walnut brown hair and deep green eyes with tan skin. Her form is trim. Because of a past tragedy, carries a hatred toward male humans as well as a fear of Dark Wood. Expert Bowman. Favored by Avonliel, Queen of the Wild Elves. Fought in the Goblin Wars. Other details are unknown at this time. Mother was Merilier, who is now deceased. Her father is Tha’Lanil, the God of the Woodlands and the Elves.

Darius Varen: Male Human Warrior. From the Northern Kingdom of Andoria where is he Captain of the Kingsguard. Thirty-five years of age. Six foot, five inches. His form is broad and muscular. Shoulder-length dark brown hair and deep blue eyes. Joined the Kingsguard at fifteen years of age. Became the Captain of the Kingsguard at thirty years of age. Two-inch scar along his jawline. Fought in the Goblin Wars. Other details are unknown at this time. Raised by his mother, Syndra. His father is Bronn, the God of War.

Kai’las: Male Fae. From the plane of Faery where he is the Prince of the Light Court. Two thousand eight hundred sixty-eight years of age. Six foot, four inches. His form is trim and slightly muscular. Golden skin. Pale, almost white hair which flows to his waist and cloudy pale green/bright green iridescent eyes. An extremely powerful being. Other details are unknown at this time. Father is Rhaak’Var, the Seelie King. His mother is Sandrella, the Goddess of Nature.

Makaelah: Female Seraph. From the plane of Celeya where she is the Commander of the Celeyian Armies. Over a thousand years of age. Five feet, ten inches. Her form is trim. Golden skin with a slight silver shimmer. Long silver hair and metallic golden eyes. Metallic golden tipped white wings with icy blue feathers placed sporadically throughout. Can see through illusions and glamour spells. Able to identify truth and lies. Other various Angelic abilities. Carries with her the Heart of Celeya. Fought in the Dragon Wars. Mother is, Alindra, the Ambassador of Celeya. Her father is Allassidel, the Lord of the Angelic Host.

Sir Tavannos: Male Human Knight. From the Southern Kingdom of Vlondoria. Thirty-five years of age. Six feet, six inches. His form is broad and muscular. Short silver hair and gray eyes. Grew up in the Royal Army of Vlondoria. Became a squire at ten years of age. Was knighted when he turned eighteen and became a Royal Guard. Earned great renowned in the Goblin Wars early in his career. Because he is a distant relative of the Southern King, he was raised in the castle with Airrak, becoming longtime friends with him. Cousin to Airrak. His father is Sir Arandron, The God of Justice and Chivalry.

Szarzekk: Male Undead Berserker Warrior. From Under City. Four years of age (since rebirth). Six feet, one inch. His form is broad. Wears a full helmet. Features unknown. Originally born Vlondorian twenty-nine years ago to mortal parents neither of which he remembers. Remembers being human in previous life and serving in Royal Army of Vlondoria, in which he was killed in battle during the Goblin Wars. Other details are unknown at this time. He is a member of Lady Vaylerus’ guards called the Immortals. His mother is The Lady Vaylerus, the Goddess of Undeath.

Tarakis: Male Half-Fiend Rogue. Grew up in Jovian Falls in the slums of the underworld. Sixty-eight years of age, although appears to look like he is approximately eighteen. Five feet, nine inches. His form is average. Reddish black hair and red eyes. Small fangs. Wears a half-mask on lower portion of face. Grew up on his own. Orphaned when very young. He has no memory of a family. His mother is Alaglossa, the Lady of Demonkind.

Valen Halen: Male Human Warrior. Warlord of Jwarl Avignon. Forty years of age. Six feet, four inches. His form is broad and muscular. Shoulder-length black hair and gray eyes. A Fallen Paladin. Fought in the Goblin Wars. Other details are unknown at this time. His father is Bronn, the God of War.

Xilton: Female Human Monk. Raised by the monks of Saint Chandler’s Monastery just outside of Jovian Falls. Twenty-one years of age. Five feet, seven inches. Her form is trim. Dark raven hair worn pulled up high and brown slightly tilted eyes. She bears the marks of her Monastery, the stalking tiger, on the inside of each of her forearms. Brought to the Monastery when she was an infant. Grew up believing her parents were killed by bandits during a raid on her village. Her mother is Alestra, the Goddess of Wisdom.


THE CHARACTERS


Alenia Soulreaper: Female Human Assassin. Age unknown but appears mid-twenties. Five feet, nine inches. Form is average. Long black hair with fair skin and dark eyes. Skilled tracker. Highly intelligent. Serves Grorrus Doomhammer. Has been following one of the group of demigods.

Alpheŭs: Male Devilkind. From the Plane of Blarth. Half-God. Age unknown. Six feet, two inches. Form is broad. Red skin, black hair with yellow eyes. Two small horns protruding from his forehead. Other details are unknown at this time. His father is Asmoellus, The Lord of Devilkind.

Arendon: Male Seraph. From the Plane of Celeya and brother to Makaelah. Half-God. Almost two thousand years of age. Six feet, six inches. Form is broad and muscular. Long silver hair and metallic silver eyes. Golden skin with a slight silver shimmer. His metallic silver tipped white wings have sporadically placed crimson feathers throughout. Can see through illusions and glamour spells. Able to identify truth and lies. Other various Angelic abilities. Left Celeya over two centuries ago when his life mate was slain in a dragon invasion and has been on Rystarr ever since. Known amongst Rystarrians as the Ire Angel. Fought in the Dragon Wars. His father is Allassidel, the Lord of the Angelic Host.

Avonliel: Female Wild Elf. Queen of the Wild Elves of Greenmar. Age is unknown. Long wavy walnut brown hair and deep green eyes with tan skin. Known to have the foresight. Loved by her kin and appears to be fair with other races of Rystarr as well as other-planar beings. Appears to favor Shadowhawk. Fought in the Goblin Wars.

Bartok: Male Human. Advisor to the Southern King Varandan II. Appears to be in his fifties. Six feet, one inch. Form is thin. Long salt and pepper hair and clean shaven with light blue eyes. Wears robes of office.

Captain Altorak: Male Human. Captain of The Charybdis river boat which five of the demigods booked passage on two separate occasions. Age unknown. Six feet, one inch. Form is trim. Brown hair with mustache and goatee and brown eyes. Known for wearing a wide brim hat with a large feather. Knowledgeable sailor and cares deeply for his crew.

Captain Carona: Male Human. Captain of The Venture ship which transported five of the demigods from Jovian Falls to the Crystal Tributary. 

Captain Hereward: Male Human. Captain of The Golden Lass boat which transported five of the demigods from Jovian Falls to the West Plains of Aras. Middle-aged. Six feet, two inches. Light brown hair cut short and a trimmed beard. His form is thick and muscular. Well known in Jovian Falls as a fair man with a strong reputation.

Faelyn: Male Wild Elf of Greenmar. Age is unknown. Long brown hair with blue eyes and tan skin. Works closely with Queen Avonliel.

Gorin: Male Human. Barkeep at the Rabid Ferret in Jovian Falls. Mid-sixties. Five feet, eleven inches. Balding on top and gray hair on the sides. Described as big and round. Known to Tarakis.

Grorrus Doomhammer: Male Berserker. Half-God. Age is unknown. Six feet, five inches. Light brown hair and gray eyes. A servant of Arrôz and has many followers of his own. His father is Koron, the God of Malice.

Head Seeker Raith: Male Gnome. Head Seeker of the Library of the Seekers in Janardan. Three hundred eighty-six years of age. Three feet tall. Shoulder-length dark hair with a beard and mustache. Pointed ears, large nose and round eye glasses. He has a friendly manner and is always smiling. Highly intelligent. Records all important events of immortals and mortals throughout history. 

Jaeron: Daughter of Gamaliel. Age is unknown. Long dark hair and gray eyes. Not considered full Goddess due to the fact that Gamaliel did not receive Qadan’s blessing before creation. Keeper of the Arbalest in the Caves of Jaeron.

King Varandan II: Human Male. The Southern King. King of Vlondoria. In his forties. Shoulder-length blond hair and short beard with light gray eyes. A good and just King. Cares for his people.

Lanithier: Male Wild Elf of Greenmar. Age is unknown. Five feet, seven inches. Long dark brown hair with pale blue eyes and lighter skin. Close longtime friend of Shadowhawk’s. Commander of Avonliel’s soldiers. Fought in the Goblin Wars. Other details are unknown at this time.

Lorimier Blackwing: Male Gray Elf Mindseeker. Age is unknown. Long blonde hair and blue eyes. Serves Grorrus Doomhammer. Highly skilled with his swords. Prefers to work alone. Has a flamboyant and carefree attitude. Has been following one of the group of demigods.

Melara Hereward: Female Human. Daughter of Captain Hereward. Approximately twenty-five years of age. Long dark hair and gray eyes. Sailed on The Golden Lass with five of the demigods from Jovian Falls to the West Plains of Aras. 

Mhaenal: Female Fairy Soldier of the Sark’ou. Resides in Dark Wood with hundreds of others of her race. Age is unknown. Long golden hair. Guards the woods against evil creatures. Light Fae from the Plane of Faery.

Mistress Hallmar: Female Human. Innkeeper of The Happy Piper in Pembrook. She is described as short and round. Always smiling with a carefree attitude. Perished during the last Bursting.

Moculus: Male Human Mage. Age is unknown. Dark hair. Described as a small man who wears black. Hired by Arendon to retrieve the Heart of Celeya from Makaelah. Has a nervous disposition.

Octavia: Female Ranger. Half God. Age Unknown. Raven Hair and blue eyes. Other features are unknown at this time. Father is Arrôz, The God of Evil, Slaughter and Tyranny.

Osremyer (The Darkman): Male Human. Mage/Thief/Rogue/Assassin. Servant of Tark-volmar. Age is unknown but appears thirty to forty. Black skin, hair, and eyes. Wears black leather armor from head to toe. Has been following one of the group of demigods. Incredibly powerful.

Palvos Barneston: Male Human. Overlord of Jovian Falls. Middle-aged. Described as short, scrawny, and balding. Friendly and respectful towards five of the demigods during their stay in the city. Smiles often but has a nervous disposition.

Ravison-First Loremaster: Male. Race is unknown. Magical being. Appears to be in his sixties or seventies. Long silvery white hair and long beard to match. Wears flowing white robes. Highly intelligent.

Skalanis: Male Human Archmage. Servant of Tark-volmar. Age is unknown but appears in his thirties. Five feet, eight inches. Dark hair. Dresses is black robes. Has been following one of the group of demigods since Janardan. Highly intelligent. Has a strong fear of his master.

Solara: Female Half-Elf. Mage. Age is unknown. Five feet, nine inches. Long dark brown hair and green eyes. Form is average. Valen Halen’s consort.

Tark-volmar: Male Warrior. Half-God. Age is unknown. Unknown facial features. His form is broad and muscular. Known as the Highlord of Glacis. General of the Dark Legion. A warrior of great power and an accomplished user of the arcane. Wears either black plate armor from head to toe or blood red armor with a small horned helm. Weapons of choice is a two-handed great sword which flames when swung and also a magical morning star. His father is Arrôz, The God of Evil, Slaughter and Tyranny.

Varus: Male Human. Squire. Nineteen years of age. Described as having an aged quality to him, as though he has wisdom beyond his years. Valen Halen’s squire.

Warrick: Male Human. Advisor to Lord Valen Halen. Appears to be in his fifties. Six feet, one inch. Form is thin. Long salt and pepper hair and clean shaven. Wears robes of office.


THE GODS



Alaglossa: Lesser. The Lady of Demonkind. Evil. Five feet, nine inches. Long straight black hair and blood red eyes. Small horns which protrude from her forehead. Her form is average. Wears crimson colored robes.

Alestra: Lesser. The Goddess of Wisdom. Good. Five feet, ten inches. Dark Olive skin with brown hair and brown eyes. Her form is average. Wears linen colored robes. Is thought to be the wisest among the Lessers. Has been known to change appearance.

Allassidel: Lesser. The Lord of the Angelic Host. Good. Six feet, seven inches. Long silver hair and metallic golden eyes. His form is muscular. Golden skin with a slight silver shimmer. His large white wings are tipped in layers of metallic silver and gold. Wears either white robes or soft golden armor. Weapon of choice is a great sword.

Aquas: Lesser. The God of the Waters. Neutral. Six feet, two inches. Shoulder-length black hair and ocean blue eyes. His form is average. Wears ocean blue colored robes. Magical. Can summon the element of water. Has been known to change appearance.

Arrôz: Lesser. The God of Evil, Slaughter and Tyranny. Evil. Six feet, four inches. Slicked back black hair with red streaks and mustache with goatee. Grayish green tint to his skin. His form is average. Wears black robes lined with silver. Known to change his appearance often. Carries the Rod of Dominion.

Asmoellus: Lesser. The Lord of Devilkind. Evil. Six feet, four inches. Red skin, a shaved head, and yellow eyes. Two small black horns protrude from his forehead. His form is muscular. Wears black full plate mail. Weapon of choice is a bastard sword.

Borin: Lesser. The God of the Mountains and Dwarves. Good. Long thick brown hair and mustache with a long braided beard. Wears heavy bronze full plate mail. Weapon of choice is a dwarven battle axe.

Bronn: Lesser. The God of War. Good/Neutral. Six feet, six inches. Shoulder-length light brown hair and gray eyes. His form is broad and muscular. Wears silver full plate mail. Weapon of choice is a bastard sword. The twin brother of Koron.

Dagan: Lesser. The God of Madness. Neutral. Six feet, five inches. Shoulder-length black hair and green eyes. His form was muscular. Was known to wear a long black leather armored coat, buckled at the waist and black leather breeches. Weapons of choice were two long swords. Defeated in battle by The Greater God, Ragnar and has since been missing.

Gamaliel: Greater Goddess. Good/Neutral. The second born to Qadan. Five feet, eight inches. Shoulder-length dark hair and violet eyes. Her form is average. Wears robes of brown. Is known to change her appearance. In self-proclaimed exile. Whereabouts unknown.

Koron: Lesser. The God of Malice, Hatred and Discord. Evil. Six feet, six inches. Slicked back shoulder-length light brown hair and gray eyes. His form is broad and muscular. Wears black full plate mail. Weapon of choice is a bastard sword. The twin brother of Bronn.

Lady Vaylerus: Lesser. The Goddess of Undeath. Neutral. Five feet, eight inches. Shoulder-length curly black hair and milky white eyes. She has creamy white skin and unnaturally sharp cheekbones. Her form is thin. Wears black robes topped by a charcoal cloak with the hood normally raised.

Maalik: Greater God. Evil. Six feet. The third born to Qadan. Long black hair and neatly trimmed beard and mustache with black eyes. He is medium built. Wears robes of black. Known to change his appearance quite often. In self-proclaimed exile. Whereabouts unknown.

Marlokk: Lesser. The God of Death. Neutral. Six feet. Shaved head and eyes which resemble obsidian. His form is fairly gaunt. Wears black robes with purple lining and carries a five foot long walking stick.

Mûzdush: Lesser. The God of the Goblinoids. Evil. Six feet, five inches. Resembles a large Hobgoblin. Large, pointed ears and grayish green skin, black hair, and brown eyes. He has pointed teeth and two long tusks which protrude up from his bottom teeth. His form is very muscular. Wears brown studded leather armor. Weapon of choice is a large battle axe.

Qadan: The God of Gods. Neutral. Six feet, one inch. Long white hair with long beard and mustache and glowing amber eyes. His form is average. Has been known to wear pale gray robes or linen colored breeches with a crisp white tunic. Changes his appearance often. Whereabouts unknown.

Qismat: Lesser. The God of Magic and Sorcery. Neutral. Five feet, eleven inches. Long white hair with long beard and mustache and inquisitive blue eyes. Round rimmed eye glasses. His form is average. Wears deep red colored robes and matching pointed hat adorned with magical symbols. Carries a magical staff with color changing orb at its tip.

Ragnar: Greater God. Neutral/Good. Six feet, three inches. The first born to Qadan. Blond hair with neatly trimmed beard and mustache and amber eyes. His form is muscular. He prefers to garb himself in whites, golds, and silvers. Able to change his appearance. In self-proclaimed exile. Whereabouts unknown.

Rumathil: Lesser. The Lord of the Saints. Good. Six feet. Brown skin and thinning white hair with a long white beard and mustache and brown eyes. His form is average. Wears dark brown robes and carries a five foot long wooden staff used as a walking stick.

Ryvvik: Lesser. The God of Slaughter. Evil. Six feet, one inch. Gray skin with long black hair and pale blue eyes. His form was thin. Was known to wear black robes lined in red. Now deceased. Slain by Arrôz. Details unknown.  

Sandrella: Lesser. The Goddess of Nature. Neutral. Five feet, nine inches. Long blonde wavy hair and blue eyes. Her form is average. Wears robes the color of chestnuts. Able to change appearance at will into the form of a creature of nature. 

Sartan: Lesser. The God of the Light. Neutral/Good. Six feet. Long Blond hair and pale blue eyes. His form is average. Wears amber colored robes. Controls the light portion of the Darksun. Twin brother of Syrus.

Sir Arandron: Lesser. The God of Justice and Chivalry. Good. Six feet, four inches. Short dark brown hair with neatly trimmed beard and mustache and blue eyes. His form is solid and stocky. Wears shiny silver full plate mail and helm. Has been known to change appearance. Weapon of choice is a great sword.

Syrus: Lesser. The Goddess of the Dark. Neutral/Evil. Five feet, ten inches. Long black hair and black eyes. Her form is average. Wears indigo colored robes. Controls the dark portion of the Darksun. Twin sister of Sartan.

Tha’Lanil: Lesser. The God of the Woodlands and Elves. Good. Five feet, seven inches. Resembles a Wild Elf. Long dark brown hair and deep green eyes with tan skin. His form is average. Wears dark green leather elven armor. He is an expert bowman. Weapons of choice is a long sword and also an elven long bow.

Vesperra: Lesser. The God of Tyranny. Evil. Six feet, two inches. Shoulder-length blood red hair and black eyes. His form was average. Was known to wear black leather armor and heavy black boots. Weapon of choice was a great sword. Now deceased. Slain by Arrôz. Details unknown. 

Vor: Lesser. The Goddess of the Sky and Beasts of the Air. Neutral. Six feet. Long auburn hair and hazel eyes. Her form is slightly stocky. Wears worn brown leather armor. Weapon of choice is a great sword. Twin sister of Voron.

Voron: Lesser. The God of the Beasts. Neutral. Six feet, seven inches. Long shaggy auburn hair and hazel eyes. His disheveled looks set him apart from the other Gods. Speaks with a deep voice. His form is very muscular. Wears worn brown leather armor. Weapon of choice is a great sword. Twin brother of Vor.


THE LOCATIONS


Andoria: (See also The Northern Kingdom) One half of the Twin Kingdoms of Rystarr. True Andorians life spans are two hundred to two hundred twenty years of age with a maturity age of twenty-five. Tan skin with dark hair and eyes, (brown, dark blue, dark green). Average height for a male is six feet, two inches to six feet, eight inches. Average height for a female is five feet, ten inches to six feet, two inches. Andorians reach old age between one hundred eighty to one hundred ninety.

The Black Citadal: Located in The Broken Lands. Physical home of Arrôz, the God of Evil and place of banishment.

The Black Dog Inn: A small Inn located in Janardan where five of the demigods visited and were also watched by Alenia Soulreaper. 

The Bone Peaks: A range of mountains in The East Plains of Aras to the west of The Crystal River.

The Broken Lands: The God of Evil’s territory. Incredibly hot with lightning constantly striking the ground. The woods are full of deadly giant spiders and evil tree creatures while the mountains are riddled with malicious downworlders. 

The Caves of Jaeron: The resting place of the Arbalest of Gamaliel. The caves are magical and filled with challenges for those chosen to face.

The Circle of Eternity: Created by Qadan to give the Lessers neutral ground where they could gather and converse without any disruptions of peace. The circle is made up of twelve stone archways with a great stone altar in the center next to the Tree of Power. It is said to be the holiest place in the entire multiverse.

Crystal Lake: Lies in the southern portion of Rystarr between Dorannan Woods and the Elm Forest. The Crystal River flows through.

The Crystal River: Flows off from Lake Leopold and through Crystal Lake, going further down into the East Plains of Aras.

The Crystal Tributary: A runoff from the Crystal River which flows west into the Bone Peaks.

The Dark Praetorium: Located in Jovian Falls. A secret temple dedicated to Arrôz, used by followers who come to worship him. A large circular room with an inscribed pentagram in the center and tall pillars alight with candles surrounding it. Plush black chairs line the room all along the wall.

Dark Wood: To the west of Jovian Falls, above the Iron Mountains. Known for strange occurrences and bandit activity. One group of demigods traveled through Dark Wood on their way south to Jovian Falls.

Evermoor: Located along the Crystal River above Crystal Lake. Small town which five of the demigods passed through overnight while aboard The Venture. Approximately two thousand beings reside in the town.

Greenmar: Located to the west of Crystal Lake. Home of D’ae Feon (Shadowhawk). Nine thousand, four hundred twenty-eight Wild Elves reside in the Kingdom of Greenmar. Ruled by Queen Avonliel.

The Happy Piper: Located in Pembrook. A large Inn owned by the Innkeeper, Mistress Hallmar, where four of the demigods first met and began their journey. In ruins now.

Janardan: Located far north and to the west of the Jovian River. An incredibly small town and approximately the tenth of the size of Jovian Falls. The demigods traveled to Janardan to reach the Library of the Seekers. Encountered Makaelah in the forest of Janardan where they first met.

Jovian Falls: Located above Lake Leopold. Built on both sides of the river. The city is the largest center of civilization. Twenty-five thousand beings of all socially accepted races reside in peace with each other. The trade which passes through the marketplaces comes from all the lands of Rystarr. The demigods visited the city and booked passage on boats, going both north and south on separate occasions.

The Jovian River: The river begins far north near Janardan and cascades down into the middle of the city of Jovian Falls.

Jwarl Avignon: Located south near the river. Valen Halen’s fortress on the Crystal River.

The King’s Court Inn: Located in the upper portion of Jovian Falls near the great river gate. The large Inn is owned by Innkeeper Ourasi Ferguson. Five of the demigods were guests at the Inn during their first visit to the city.

Lake Leopold: Located in the lower portion of Jovian Falls along the docks. The Crystal River flow through.

The Library of the Seekers: Located in Janardan. Cared for and operated by Head Seeker Raith. Important life events of immortals and mortals are scribed and kept in tomes within the library.

The Moving Island of Aradeen: The resting place of The Javelin of Ragnar. The mysterious island is said to appear far east in the Ellarian Sea. No other known details at this time.

The Northern Kingdom: (See also Andoria) One half of the Twin Kingdoms of Rystarr. Ruled by King Aerdan III.

Pembrook: Located far north to the west of Janardan. Four of the demigods met in the mysterious town of Pembrook where they first set off on their journey together. In ruins now.

The Plains of Aras: Located southwest. Mostly flat open land. The demigods travel through the plains in search of The Caves of Jaeron. The only things which reside there are the creatures of the land, the five Arans Clans and the Goblinoids of the Grinning Skull.

The Plains of Thayos: Located on the Planes of Concordia. The demigods travel through portals to reach the Plains of Thayos. The land is mysterious and has an effect on powers, both magical and otherworldly.

The Rabid Ferret: Located in upper portion of Jovian Falls. Small Inn where five of the demigods spent as guests when they visited the city. Gorin is the Barkeep in the common area and is known to Tarakis.

The River Aran: A river which begins at the west shores of Crystal Lake and runs through the West Plains of Aras.

The Rose and Crown: Located in Evermoor. A Tavern which Valen visited while their ship, The Venture docked overnight in the town.

The Rusty Anchor: Located in lower portion of Jovian Falls. Small Inn where five of the demigods spent as guests and booked passage south.

Saint Chandler’s Monastery: Located on the outskirts of Jovian Falls. Home of Xilton Taregan where she was raised since an infant. An immense establishment which houses a large number of monks. The Monastery teaches in the ways of self-awareness, meditation and seeking truth from within as well as mastering the art of fighting, using various forms of punches and kicks.

The Southern Kingdom: (See also Vlondoria) One half of the Twin Kingdoms of Rystarr. Ruled by King Varandan II.

The Twisted Tower of Makani: The resting place of The Sceptre of Maalik. No other known details at this time.

Under City: Just north of The Gray Mountains. An underground city which is incredibly dark and crude in appearance. None of the topside races of Rystarr dwell in Under City but instead, it is teaming with all sorts of the undead. Home of Szarzekk since his rebirth.

The Vlon River: Branches out from the east of the Crystal River and run through Vlondoria.

Vlondoria: (See also The Southern Kingdom) One half of the Twin Kingdoms of Rystarr. True Vlondorians life span is one hundred ninety to two hundred ten years of age with a maturity age of between twenty-two to twenty-four. Light skin with light hair and eyes (light blue or gray). Average height for males is six feet, one inches to six feet, seven inches. Average height for females is five feet, nine inches to six feet, one inch. Vlondorians reach old age between one hundred seventy to one hundred eighty years of age.

Yor: Located just south of Lake Leopold along the Crystal River. Small town which five of the demigods passed through while aboard The Venture.


THE OBJECTS


The Altar of Qadan: A channel for the Greaters and Lessers to reach out to Qadan. The altar was also used by the Greaters to create their children.

The Arbalest of Gamaliel: Carved from wood of The Tree of Power and harvested of metal from The Darksun. The Arbalest never required ammunition, the bolts, being harnessed energy from the power of all knowledge, always appeared when needed. Solid and heavy and a total of four feet in length.

The Charybdis: A river boat owned and operated by Captain Altorak. Five of the demigods booked passage twice on this vessel, once to Janardan and the other to Jovian Falls.

The Darksun: Qadan created The Darksun as a source of light. A vast orb which is split down the center, one half dark and the other half light. It sits in the hollowed-out center of the world and as Rystarr revolves around it, night and day occurs.

The Golden Lass: A large river boat owned and operated by Captain Hereward. Five of the demigods booked passage on the vessel once to transport them to the West Plains of Aras.

The Heart of Celeya: A one inch diameter pale blue stone with a shimmery glow radiating from it. Has the power to create a portal anywhere in the multiverse. 

The Javelin of Ragnar: A total of five feet in length. The first four feet carved of wood from The Tree of Life and the last foot fashioned of metal from the Darksun. At the very tip is a five-pointed star, which is the symbol of Ragnar.

The Rod of Dominion: Two and a half feet long with a large diamond shaped blood ruby encrusted in the flared bottom. At the top sits a circular stone, five inches in diameter, which is carved from the same dark marble as is the archways in the Circle of Eternity. The rod symbolizes dominion over everything.

The Sceptre of Maalik: Three and a half feet in length, the metal mined from the cornerstone of The Circle of Eternity. The tip is in the likeness of Maalik’s symbol, the bestial skull. A loud thunderclap sounds when the weapon is swung. Rumored to be powerful enough alone to kill a God. It is also rumored the Sceptre has a mind of its own and after a time can begin to speak telepathically with he who possesses it.

Sunbolt: A massive bolt of pure intense heat shot forth from The Darksun. The power of a single bolt is strong enough to level an entire town as well as hundreds of miles beyond its border.

The Tumulus of Quaestio: An ancient scrying tool built by the Greaters over three thousand years ago. Further details unknown at this time.

The Venture: A large ship over eighty feet in length owned and operated by Captain Carona. Five of the demigods booked passage on the vessel to transport them to the Crystal Tributary.


THE PLANES


Astral: That which connects the Inner Planes to the Outer Planes.

Blarth: The Black Pits. Devilish Evil. Outer Plane.

Celeya: The Shining Islands. Angelic Good. Outer Plane.

Concordia: The Endless Fields. Neutral. Outer Plane.

Elemental: The Balancing Planes. Water. Fire. Earth. Air. Inner Plane.

Faery: The Mystical Terra. Neutral/Evil. Inner Plane.

Faustus: The Burning Plains. Mostly Evil. Outer Plane. 

Ikarus: The Ascending Mountains. Saintly Good. Outer Plane.

Rystarr: The Prime Material Plane. Inner Plane.

Tarsus: The Iron Layers. Demonic Evil. Outer Plane.

Valtheim: The Gleaming Fjords. Mostly Good. Outer Plane. 


THE MISC.


Ancient Language of the Gods: Language used by spellcasters to bring their spells into fruition. Very similar to Earth’s Latin.

The Arans Clans: A racial group from the Plains of Aras under Arrôz’s sway. Warriors, also considered savages. There are five clans of the Arans in the Plains of Aras. The Brazen Horde, The Juns, The Clan of the Spotted Lion, the Varger Clan, and the Purple Kashmari Clan.

The Bursting: The name given to the event which occurs every millennia when the Darksun releases its sunbolts.

Cludurak: Deadly woodland creatures which are made up from wood themselves. They flay from the trunks of trees and attack. The demigods encountered the Cludurak while in Dark Wood.

The Condemned: One hundred undead knights given to Tark-volmar by his father, Arrôz. They wear black full plate mail with their faces concealed by black helms which resemble skulls. Each carry a black great sword and a large black shield.

The Dragon Wars: A series of ancient wars fought almost a millennia ago. Actual details unknown at this time.

Drowned Ones: Undead predators which live under the water of the major rivers and prey on passing vessels. The remains of sailors which had drowned under violent circumstances.

The Fae: An immortal race which dwell on the Plane of Faery. There are three caste of Fae, the Seelie, or the Court of Light, who are neutral. Rhaak’Var is their King. The Unseelie, or the Court of Dark, who are neutral/evil. Their King is Ne’varth. And the Underfae, evil monsters of the Fae realm. Their King is Jharak. Each caste live separate from the others. Rhaak’Var, the Seelie King has control over the gates of the Plane of Faery.

The Goblins of the Grinning Skull: (Goblin-men or man-Goblin) Dwell in the East Plains of Aras. Described as three feet taller than the average Goblins, large and muscular. Human-like in stance and posture. Incredibly skilled with weapons and very humanoid in appearance.

The Goblin Wars: Began in 8-2873 and ended in 10-2985. The Wars lasted for one hundred and thirteen years. At one point every nation of Rystarr was involved. The Goblins originally came from the Plains of Aras and their migration throughout Rystarr is what caused the wars. In all cases, they were driven into the Broken Lands and have since taken service under Arrôz.

Kromiths: (man-bat) Described as approximately five feet tall and resembling half-man/half-bat. Long snouts and large bat wings. Humanoid legs and arms. Clawed hands and razor sharp teeth. Bite is deadly poison. Black creatures from Blarth.

The Paladins of Seleria: A knightly order which exists throughout Rystarr. Defends the free lands against threats posed by Arrôz and the hordes of the Broken Lands as well as other threats, internal and external. They are the main defense of Jovian Falls, Janardan and Salt Marsh. Patron deities are Bronn, the God of War, Sir Arandron, the God of Justice and Chivalry and Allassidel, the Lord of the Angelic Host.

Quar Re: (Spirit Bear) Spirit companion.

Sark’ou: Soldiers of the Forest. Fairies. Light Fae from the Plane of Faery. Defends the threats of Dark Wood. Over two millennia ago the Sark’ou defended every forest of Rystarr but lost many of their numbers over the years and now only stay where the threat is the worst.

The Tree of Power: The physical manifestation of Qadan’s power of creation. All creation originated from The Tree of Power.

The Twin Kingdoms: Another name for the Northern and Southern Kingdoms. Andoria and Vlondoria.

Vurbalar: Described as tall and lanky with green skin and long pointed ears, a large nose, and sharp teeth with upper fangs. Elongated humanoid legs and arms with lengthy clawed fingers. Black hair and yellow eyes. Creatures from the Broken Lands.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

We wish to send out a big thank you to our proof-readers, Amber Weber, and Andrea Mowry. You two helped us out tremendously and we appreciate the both of you. A very special thank you goes to Amber and Ben Weber for your time and assistance. Having your thoughts and extra sets of eyes were such an incredible help. Thank you to Zain Korejo for creating the perfect cover artwork and to Stacy Nevins and Andrea Mowry for your remarkable illustrations. And lastly, thank you to Erika Trejo for your time and dedication in piecing together a great book cover.

To our families, thank you for all of your love, support, and encouragement throughout these four plus years. We could not have gotten here without you. We love you all.

ABOUT THE AUTHORS

Jennifer and Jonathan Thorpe

Jennifer and Jonathan Thorpe are siblings who were born and raised in Southern California. Both have always shared a love for the fantasy genre and because of their closeness, they work well together bringing their dreams and ideas to life.

The Arbalest of Gamaliel is their first novel.

Please visit their website at http://therystarrsaga.com

