

The Swordsman (volume three of the series The Republic of Selegania).

This book is a work of fiction.  All names and places are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Copyright © 2014 by Daniel Lawlis

All rights reserved.		

© Peterkozikowski | Dreamstime.com - Sword Photo
(Adjustments to photos made by Daniel Lawlis)





























The Swordsman

Chapter 1

Many a child yearns for a material possession, only to promptly shed his interest once it is obtained.  Children carry this talent into adulthood in all but the rarest of circumstances.

Righty, however, latched onto interests like a boa constrictor around its prey absorbing it whole.  Thus, it had been with bare-knuckle boxing, then with drinking, and now with his sword.  Three sweaty hours each morning in the seclusion of the forest he maneuvered his sword through the air, paying careful attention to every angle, every thrust, every turn, as if he were a musician preparing to perform before thousands.

Every return trip to Sodorf to meet with Pitkins brought more knowledge for him to master and the slightest of corrections in the techniques he had been practicing, which Pitkins noted with private astonishment to be nearly perfect.  For the first time, Pitkins also privately began musing about the character of the man he was training to be a flawless killing machine.  Having expected him to return for fewer than a handful of lessons, he knew at the end of six months of impeccable punctuality and dedication on the part of his student that he was going to be creating one of the deadliest men that ever lived.

Pitkins had seen many a dazzling swordsman in his day.  Both the quick, adroit genius of the small warrior and the prodigious power of the large.  But never had he seen such perfect matrimony between strength and skill as he was witnessing in the nascent perfection of Righty’s craft.  He attributed no small amount of it to the footwork Righty had learned during his years of boxing, but he knew that could not explain all.  There was a single-mindedness in Righty’s soul whenever he practiced or listened under Pitkins’ tutelage, and the quick absorption and application of any instruction given revealed an uncanny aptitude for the craft, unlike anything he had ever seen.

While this alone would have impressed Pitkins considerably, his cognizance of the unseemly brute strength of the man—proof enough of which existed in his ability to move about with one hand like a twig a monstrous sword Pitkins could not move comfortably with two—caused him to feel an occasional sense of dread as to what this man could be capable of.  But belying these facts was a calm sense of humility that Righty projected, which disarmed Pitkins sufficiently to convince him to continue training him in the use of his sword.

But where Pitkins saw nascent perfection, Righty saw only huge flaws that needed to be improved considerably; and while Pitkins occasionally felt dread at what this man could become, Righty himself had lived in a constant state of dread ever since the day he nearly lost his life six months ago in the ambush.

He had been the biggest, baddest guy to patronize the bars of Ringsetter during his tenure as town drunk, and while he had occasionally taken a lump or two on the head, he had never felt his life to be in danger.  But six months ago, lying on the ground, knee disabled, head throbbing, he knew he had looked death in the eye, and that had it not been for the improbable arrival of a theretofore unknown protector he most certainly would have been bludgeoned or hacked to death while he lay whimpering on the ground like an injured pup.  It had haunted his dreams by night and his thoughts by day.  He despised the weakness he felt in that moment.  The helplessness.

He knew that he was going to have to cash in his chips and use the money he had saved up or approach this new endeavor with far greater preparation.  The way he saw it, “greater preparation” required a two-pronged approach:  increasing the deadliness of his own mind and body and fortifying himself with stronger allies.  The former was being accomplished by the practice of swordsmanship.  How to accomplish the latter perplexed him.  

He supposed he could bring Spider and Tats to Pitkins’ shop and ask him to give them sword lessons, but this was no simple matter.  First, he suspected Pitkins would see them for the thugs they were immediately, as a result of which Pitkins might suspend even Righty’s lessons.  Pitkins didn’t strike him as the kind of person who would knowingly teach thugs to improve their prowess at violence.

Secondly, there was the issue of transportation.  He had been grateful Pitkins didn’t fit into the inquisitive category and had never inquired about this.  No doubt assuming he was traveling a couple days each way by horseback, Pitkins surely had no idea Righty was flying high above the sky and then walking from the nearby woods.  And Righty would be damned if he would allow anyone to know about Harold, which of course meant the way Pitkins assumed Righty was travelling would in fact have to be the way Tats and Spider would travel, which would be an intolerably long journey, given that they did not live near the border of Sodorf, as he did.

You could teach them.

The thought surprised him, as it was practical and yet had escaped serious consideration thus far.  

But can I trust them?

He suddenly wasn’t sure he wanted Tats and Spider to become efficient killing machines.  After all, if trust were measured in grains of sand, no teaspoon was small enough to be filled with the trust Righty had for them.  They had made headway by staying at his side when they were ambushed, but not too long before they themselves had attempted to rob him.

They look up to you.

He distrusted that thought, as it was too flattering.

(but is it?)

They had witnessed him crack heads on several occasions, and he suspected they just might feel some sense of admiration for a man many times their better in the realm of fisticuffs.  He had himself been in their shoes admiring prominent boxers when he was just learning how to throw a jab.

His mind set aside this conundrum for the moment as he finished up this morning’s three hours of sword practice.  Sweat dripped from every pore like water from a sieve, pouring down his shirtless chest to his pants, which by now made him look as if he had just stepped out of a river after his boat had capsized.

He had barely met with Spider and Tats over the last six months.  What had been becoming a set of trips per week to meet with them had dwindled to a mere meeting per month, which they did at the very edge of Sivingdel.  He had been too spooked to return to the junkyard, which had once been their regular meeting spot.

And he had brought less merchandise too.  He had become spooked of everything.  What would happen if he was ambushed again?  What would happen if he made too much money to bury or inconspicuously deposit in the bank?  What would happen when his seeds one day ran out?  In brief, his beating had changed his bright, can-do world into a terrifying maze full of horrors.

He realized that at the standard of living he had been accustomed to for most of his life he could stop selling right now and live comfortably for the rest of his life, spending his leisure hours as he pleased.  With the money he was earning from his store, he could even buy something nice on occasion.  Had this been offered to him on a platter while he was slaving away in the lumberyard, he would have accepted it greedily or been hesitant to believe it was even real, so heavenly it would have seemed.

Yet his appetite for power had been whetted by the experience of seeing significant cash flowing into his possession, and even in his darkest hours of despair a grain remained of what had once been an unshakable feeling of destiny.  It was vague and ill-defined, but he knew it involved greatness.  And hiding away in his house or passing the days and the months and the years on his porch until the day he breathed his last was not greatness.

Thus, he sometimes wondered why he ever even entertained the prospect of quitting when he knew in his heart of hearts it was not even a remote possibility.  And besides his sense of destiny, he also remembered the promise he had made.

Chapter 2

Thus, it was, although he wasn’t scheduled to meet with Spider for about three weeks with a paltry delivery, he decided impulsively right then and there that Monday morning to go blitzing in with twenty pounds worth, far more than he had ever brought.

He noticed Harold studying him carefully as he began packing away the 320 large bulbs into a hefty sack.

“Tats won’t be expecting you, and he sure as hell won’t be expecting that much,” Harold observed with a somewhat nonchalant tone, but if Righty wasn’t mistaken, he detected a faint trace of excitement.  If there was one thing he had learned about Harold so far it was that he liked what he called “missions.”  Whatever he did he thought of as a mission, but surveilling Righty’s store for ten hours a day while he was at work, and then his house for about the other fourteen when he was at home, was a bit of a stretch to be classified as a mission.  Taking Righty to Sivingdel and watching from high above while he peddled his goods to stone-cold killers fit the bill.  Thus, he knew Harold wasn’t exactly trying to talk him out of anything.

Another thing Righty had learned about Harold was that he was smart, and thus Righty didn’t have any qualms explaining himself to him either.

“I’ve been spooked ever since that day you rescued me, Harold, but this pussyfoot approach ends today.  If there’s anything I’ve gleaned from the books I’ve been reading, I’m in the middle of a rare opportunity to get rich beyond my wildest dreams, but it’s only going to happen if I get myself to the front of this wave now.  Otherwise, I’ll be clawing my way up through well-established criminal organizations selling this product, and doing so will make the danger I’ve faced so far look like a brush with a ticked-off cat.”

“You know there’s a limit to what kind of trouble I can get you out of,” Harold said.

Righty looked up at him, taking a brief pause from his frantic packing.  He noted a bit of genuine concern in Harold’s voice.

“For example, if you go inside a building, you’re on your own.”

This made sense to Righty.  Inside a building, Harold could get trapped rather easily without the infinite sky to move about in avoiding whatever dangers might emanate from the ground below.

“Sounds fair to me,” Righty said.

Soon, they were off.  At Righty’s request, Harold did a quick loop around the junkyard, where he intended to present himself, knowing full well Tats wouldn’t be expecting him on the outskirts of the city, much less with $200,000 ready.  Harold informed him of what he saw below, which was a mixture of good and bad news.

Harold searched for the closest secluded landing spot to the city outskirts he could find.  A good mile from the outskirts he made a very hasty landing and told Righty as he hopped off, “Best of luck!”

Righty gulped as he began moving forwards.  His mind occupied itself on the irony of the tradeoff from flying with Harold.  He had arrived here in a mere half-hour, but now he felt extremely vulnerable and had a good hour-long hike to the junkyard meeting location.  Without his horse, fleeing from danger would not be an option.

As he approached the outskirts of the junkyard, the smell and raunchiness of the place impressed both his eyes and nostrils far more powerfully than it had ever done when he trotted through here on his horse.  For the second time now, he felt an immense pity for the hapless people he saw digging through the rubbish; and he realized that not even at his worst moments in life had he ever possessed a scintilla of the misery of these people.

“Hi, Mister,” a young kid said.

Righty nearly jumped out of his skin.  He turned to his right and saw a dirty face with surprisingly white teeth shining out like snow from a dark cave.  He looked to be about six.

“Hi, there,” Righty said, but found himself quickening his pace, expecting that at any moment he would find the kid was just distracting him so that some less-smiley individuals could approach him from behind and unburden him of the tantalizing backpack he was carrying, which formed a curious contradiction to his rather business-like clothes.

Chapter 3

As Righty neared the junkyard meeting location, his heart hopped up into his throat when he saw a gaggle of about twenty thugs up ahead.  Harold had told him there were a few unfamiliar faces down here but had said there were only about half a dozen people.  For a moment, he almost considered turning around and hightailing the hell out of there, but he realized that if he had seen them then they had seen him, and the sight of an odd traveler turning tail and skedaddling would arouse the most irresistible curiosity.

As he neared further, his heart began working its way past his throat and attempting to squeeze into his mouth.  He felt like his insides were about to squirt out of every orifice in his body as the result of the throbbing pressure he could feel emanating from his galloping heart.  His fingers trembled.  And his jaw would have, were it not clenched so tightly that a crowbar couldn’t have pried it open.

He saw there was a rough-and-tumble atmosphere going on.  Two guys had their shirts off and were wrestling, while the rest of the group cheered or complained wildly.  He could see money protruding from tightly clenched fists.  He hoped his arrival wouldn’t draw accusations from any of the gamblers that he had unfavorably affected the outcome.

“Who dat?!” an ignorant-looking young man cried out, and the wrestling match ended abruptly.  Neither the wrestlers nor their fans looked pleased by the interruption.

“Brass?!” a voice yelled.

Righty looked in that direction and to his immense pleasure saw Tats running towards him.

Tats gave him a hearty handshake followed by what he supposed was these young ruffians’ version of a hug, though it felt more like Tats had used his chest momentarily as a battering ram against his own.  Under other circumstances, he might have objected, but he put on a jovial face and tone he hoped was convincing.  

“Good to see you, Tats!”

“My man!”

Righty turned sharply to his left and saw Spider there.  He was glad Spider settled for a brief handshake.

Righty noticed there were in the neighborhood of thirty-six eyes watching this scene with mixed emotions.  Their eyes seemed to say, Who the hell are you?  What are you doing here?!

But they also seemed at least a hair or two short of intending murder, which was no doubt due to the spectacle of Spider and Tats greeting him like a close friend.

Tats clearly seemed to understand that the situation warranted both an introduction and explanation:

“Yo, like check it.  This here is Mr. Brass, and whether you realize it or not, this here is the man behind the product.  The man who’s been earning you some money.”

“You’ve gotten a reputation for being a badass, Mr. Brass,” a voice said.

Righty saw a man approaching, a big man.  He was as tall as Righty and almost as muscular.

Righty almost heard him ask, Is it true? but then realized it was his eyes, not his voice, asking the question.

“People exaggerate,” Righty said laconically.  

Tats immediately piped up, “This is Scorpion.  He’s in charge here.”

Righty felt like he had heard a faint pause in between “He’s” and “in charge,” but wasn’t quite sure.

Righty extended his hand warmly while maintaining airtight eye contact.  It was ignored.

“I’m a businessman,” Righty said.  “Tats has been a good client of mine, and I am pleased to make the acquaintance of his boss.”

Scorpion’s eyes suggested he was carefully analyzing the treatment of the words “his boss” and their potential implications.

“Tats says you’ve slowed down quite a bit.  Says you used to meet weekly; now it’s just once per month.  That true?”

Righty saw the sneer in Scorpion’s eyes, and although he wasn’t sure yet of the timing, he knew he was going to kill this man.

“It’s true,” Righty said simply, eyes still locked onto the man’s like a snake’s fangs onto its prey’s throat.

Scorpion smiled.

“That’s good to hear,” Scorpion said, both eyes and face smiling.  “Because if it weren’t, that would mean Tats was doing a little independent work.  That would be a problem.”

The aggression in Scorpion’s eyes was unmistakable.

“Tats said you got beat up last time pretty good here and just haven’t been the same after that.  A little spooked maybe?”

“Yes,” Righty said calmly.  “Quite spooked actually.  Things had gotten a little bit dangerous around here.  I figured I would let them cool off.”

Scorpion’s smile was gone.  He wore a poker face while his eyes savagely devoured Righty, looking for any hidden insult or sarcasm in this frank admission.

Then, the smile came back again.

“Cool off?!” he said.  Now he was laughing.  “Cool off?!  Hey, gang, have things cooled off around here?!”

They smirked and chuckled but did not say anything, perhaps unsure of the answer their hulking leader was looking for.

“Actually, they have,” Scorpions said, his face serious yet triumphant.  

“That’s because there’s safety in numbers,” he added.  “I guess you already found out what can happen even to a badass when the numbers turn too much against him.  Am I right?” Scorpion asked wide-eyed.

“I did indeed,” Righty said in a tone of hearty agreement, a small trace of a glint in his own eye.

Scorpion’s look of triumph was gone.  He was searching Righty’s eyes for the hidden meaning in the remark, as the agreement to such a question should have sounded like a defeat, rather than a victory.

“Good,” Scorpion said, with a challenging look in his eye.  “I didn’t mean to be rude to you, sir,” he added, giving him a condescending pat on the left shoulder with his right hand.  “I just wanted to make sure we got off on the right foot.”

There was a moment of silence.

“What’s in that pack you’re carrying there?”

“Twenty pounds of Smokeless Green.”

“Wow!” Scorpion exclaimed excitedly.  “Twenty?”

Righty looked him dead in the eye but didn’t repeat himself.

“Let me see if I get this straight.  You get jumped by twelve people last time you came here, carrying half this much product.  You get spooked for half a year, and then you show up with double the product!” Scorpion said and began to laugh uproariously as did everyone else, except for Tats and Spider, something both Scorpion and Righty took note of.

Or at least so it seemed.  Righty’s eyes still hadn’t left Scorpion’s, and only Tats and Spider were firmly in his peripheral vision.

“I’ll tell you what, my friend.  When your shipments dried up with Tats, we looked elsewhere and got a separate connection.  Tats has been getting your stuff for small deals on the side and paying me a tax, so it’s no worry, but I ain’t got any need of dealing with you.”

Scorpion’s eyes now had the look of a king cobra about ready to strike.  There was an eerie silence.  If a mouse had farted it would have sounded like a firecracker.

“I’ll tell you what, Mr. Brass—you won’t die today.  Out of respect to you as a man who’s proven himself to have heart, I’m going to allow you to make a small donation to us today.  And then, you’re going to turn around, walk back to wherever the hell it is that you come from and never come back.  Do we understand each other?”

“Almost,” Righty said simply.  “Except, you didn’t say what the donation would be.”

Scorpion took a step forward.  The former humor and triumph were gone from his eyes now.  He had clearly grown weary of the banter.  “You’re wearing it,” he said.

Righty reached back calmly towards his backpack, his eyes still glued to Scorpion’s.  With the calm of a clerk who is picking up an ink pen to sign a routine document, Righty’s hands closed around the hilt of his compressed sword.  In less than a second his fingers found the notch for the release.

Quicker than a snake strike, he pulled the sword out of its sheathe and before it was even fully raised above his head it extended to its full terrifying length with a loud SNAP!!

But its journey through the air was never halted.  Righty immediately brought it down at a forty-five-degree angle to his left.  Simultaneously he exhaled and brought his legs into a wide crouching stance.  The neck and collarbone offered little in the way of resistance to the power propelling the masterfully crafted razor-sharp blade.  On and on it continued at this diagonal angle until it exited the man’s ribcage, slicing off his head and right arm in a single blow.

Righty was in automaton mode at this point, as he had drilled this movement thousands of times.  Each stroke was often followed up in practice by another, in case the former had failed to meet its mark.  Thus, it was out of sheer habit that Righty then brought the sword back to his right, in a perfectly horizontal motion at Scorpion’s waist, cutting what was left of the man in two.

Righty then spun around with the sword raised overhead, gauging the intent of the spectators without lopping any additional heads off in the process.

An uneasy silence reigned.  Far from facing an onslaught of attackers, he faced a stunned audience.  He pivoted around several more times, carefully studying the face of each man.  In the various faces, he saw bewilderment, awe, admiration, and fear.  When it finally dawned upon him that he was not in any immediate danger, he took a brief moment to savor the feeling of immense power that was rushing through his body.  

He had felt it many times when knocking a man unconscious, but nothing he had ever experienced could compare to what he felt now.  Two quick movements, and he had disassembled the man as if he were made of papier-mâché.

Feeling it was time to once again show he had a peaceful side, he compressed the sword and stuffed it back into its sheathe in such a smooth motion, and causing it to disappear so thoroughly, that more than one person questioned whether he had ever seen it in the first place.

Righty then turned to Tats, as if they had been momentarily interrupted from their conversation by a waiter, and said, “Well, are you going to introduce me to each of your friends?”

Righty presented a ghastly spectacle.  His pants, shoes, and shirt were those of a respectable businessman, while the spattering of blood all over his face and shirt made him look like a butcher at the end of a long shift.  One by one Tats brought Righty to each of his associates and introduced them.  And with each man, Righty gave him a warm handshake and expressed his pleasure at meeting him.

Gone were the arrogant, wolf-like eyes that had met him upon arrival, replaced with docile expressions and something akin to manners.

Righty then took a step back so that he could see the row of young toughs.  Then, he addressed them:  “I’m a simple man who likes to make money.  Do any of you want to help me move twenty pounds of Smokeless Green at $10,000 each?”

They all expressed hearty agreement, but it soon became clear that there was no possibility they could purchase it all from Righty, and it became clear that he was either going to have to consign the merchandise or go home in failure.  Righty had never been too keen on the idea of consignment with customers such as these, but on the other hand he realized he couldn’t exactly just show up out of the blue with this much product and expect these thugs to have that kind of cash sitting around.

“How quickly?” he said to Tats.

“We can move it by tomorrow same time.”

“How much do you have in total?” Righty asked Tats.  

Tats went and conferred with his associates and reported to Righty all they could muster between them was $20,000.

“Hand it over,” Righty said firmly to Tats.

Tats made a motion with his head to Spider, and he brought it forward in a sack.  Righty went through it closely enough to make sure it was in the neighborhood of $20,000 and then said to Tats:  “I’m going to give you twenty pounds of product.  Two are paid for.  Eighteen will be paid for tomorrow.  I’ll be showing up tomorrow at noon expecting to see you with $180,000 in your hands and no excuses in your mouths.”

Tats grinned.  “It’s a deal.”  But his grin softened slightly as his eyes met the reptilian coldness of Righty’s.

Then Righty himself grinned.  “It’s good to be getting back into business.  Should I bring any product tomorrow?”

“How about another twenty pounds?”

“Consider it done.”

Then, Righty went and approached the gaggle of thugs again.

“I believe in a clear and transparent business model,” he began.  “Tats and Spider earned my trust because they stood by me during a very nasty fight, in which I was the main target.  For that reason, I am entrusting this product to them, and I expect you to keep in mind that I consider them in charge.  When you deal with them in my absence, you’re dealing with an extension of me.”  Righty paused, scanning various eyes, and making sure his message was getting through.  It seemed it had.

“Best of luck to all of you fine men,” he then said and went around warmly shaking each of their hands, though with an intensity in his eye that caused many an eye to slink away from meeting his own.

He turned to leave.

“Mr. Brass?”

It was Tats.

“Mind if I walk you to the edge of town?”

Finding the request a bit odd, and not wanting a large amount of attention drawn to his horseless mode of travel, he was inclined to offer a quick excuse, but his gut quickly told him there was an important reason behind the request.

“Come along,” he said.

They walked in silence for the first dozen yards or so, and Righty noticed Tats look over his shoulder more than once while they strode forward.

“You’re probably wondering why we didn’t demand a bulk discount given that we’re moving such a large amount.”

“It crossed my mind.”

“Well, I want to be straight with you, Mr. Brass.  Always.”

Righty looked at him.

Tats then continued.  “Well, you see that is a discount.  A damn good discount.”

Righty looked at him again questioningly.

“Prices have gone up quite a bit.  By the pound, $12,000 is considered competitive.  No one would laugh at you for asking $14,000.”

“It sounds like that should help you move this pretty fast then,” Righty said.

“Yes, sir.  Too fast maybe.”

Righty looked at him again.

“We’re gonna get some attention from Heavy Sam.”

“Who?”

“Well, let’s just say he controls at least seventy percent of the action in Sivingdel now, and he’s not gonna be too happy to hear that a small outfit like us is moving Green by the pound cheaper than what he can do.”

Righty shot Tats an intense look that showed he was definitely interested in getting more information.

“Heavy Sam doesn’t like competition.  He’s sliced many a throat on the way to arriving at seventy percent.  He sees any group outside his own as poachers.  He believes Sivingdel has a big sign painted on the door saying ‘NO ONE BUT HEAVY SAM SELLS SMOKELESS GREEN HERE.’

“His thugs have taken out rival gangs wholesale.  Everything but the southwestern part of the city is firmly under his control, and he’s been creeping our way by the week if not by the day.  Frankly, you couldn’t have returned at a better time.  We’re in need of leadership.

“The reason we put Scorpion in charge is because we thought he had the guts to defend this last slice of what’s left of the city.  He saw you as an—”

Tats paused and gauged Righty’s expression.  “Be brutally honest; that’s the only kind of man I trust,” Righty said.

“He saw you as an intruder, maybe even thought you were sent by Heavy Sam.  None of that really matters now.  Fact is—none of us really liked Scorpion too much anyway.  After what happened today, Mr. Brass, believe me—you’re in charge.  I just thought you should know what we’re up against.  Heavy Sam already has his sights set on us, but after he hears we’re underselling him, we’re gonna have an even bigger target placed on our backs.  

“I can’t make any guarantees to you that the day won’t come soon when you’ll walk into the junkyard and find it empty because we’ve been killed or scared away from the business.  Or, you just might find some of Sam’s goons there, and even if you manage to get out of there alive, you won’t sell any more product there.  They would be signing their own death warrant if they bought from someone outside their organization.”

Righty turned to face Tats.  “I appreciate the information.  Be careful.  I’m gonna think about this.”

Tats didn’t need to be told he had walked with Mr. Brass long enough.  He turned to leave somewhat awkwardly, but Righty shot out his hand warmly.

“Thanks,” he said.

Tats nodded and headed back towards his crew.

Chapter 4

Senator Hutherton was furious.  Towering above a set of newspaper articles arranged carefully like a deck of cards on the table below him, he read their headlines over and over.  While not all that long ago he had stood triumphantly above equally alarming headlines dealing with the very same subject matter, those had brought him delight, while these only brought him fury and vexation. 

IS IT REALLY ILLEGAL?

NO LET-UP IN DRUG USE, DESPITE LAW

POLICE SAY ARRESTS RARE, AVAILABILITY AT ALL-TIME HIGH

NO PERCEPTIBLE DECLINE IN USE, EXPERTS OPINE

GREEN-FUELED PARTIES, THE STUFF OF LEGEND

SOME SAY IT’S THE WORKING MAN’S FUEL


Nearly a full year had passed since SISA had gone into effect, and what he had once considered his crowning achievement now felt like his most ignominious failure.  In spite of the drug being illegal, it was readily available throughout the country, and as far as the capital city was concerned he didn’t need the avalanche of news articles in front of him to know this.  

He had seen so many a passerby casually tap a bit of Green into his palm and sniff it that it now drew no more attention than witnessing a sneeze.  At one point, contempt for SISA became so brazen that a few shop owners started selling Smokeless Green openly in their stores, but this had promptly brought arrests and a swift end to such ostentatious flaunting of the law.  These well-publicized arrests last month had firmly cemented the venue for transactions of the substance into the realm of the underworld.

But there had been few arrests besides that.  The city’s police force was small and restricted mostly to officers patrolling on foot in bright uniform.  So long as you weren’t foolish enough to snort up or sell Green in the presence of an officer, you were in little danger of arrest.  And as for avoiding the presence of an officer, this was hardly a cat and mouse game—that is, unless the cat were obese and on its deathbed.

A sharp whistle from a lookout could give another lookout the warning to alert the next lookout, and thus, with a dozen or so low-paid, low-skilled ruffians anyone selling this product could ensure himself of a comfortable half-hour or so warning to properly hide the merchandise or get it the hell out of there before a curious patrolman arrived.

But it was the last headline above that troubled Hutherton the most.  It had already become common knowledge that many a working man was now using Smokeless Green as a fuel to work twice what he did before.  Many lauded this as a potential upside to the drug.  After all, some business owners said, “We never used to see them work this way!!”

Senator Hutherton had no qualms with a working man shedding his last ounce of strength every day in an onerous job.  Such was the duty of a working man.  But what these short-sighted businessmen failed to realize was that their workers were being empowered.  Yes, double the hours meant more production for the business.  Yes, more production for the business meant more cash flow and ultimately a stronger economy.

But, it also meant something else—a stronger worker.  A man with twice the money in his pocket at the end of the day.  Sure, most of them would squander it on booze and whores, but even if they drank and screwed to their hearts’ delight, some of that double salary just might have a tendency to stick around in spite of all that recreation.  And people with salaries that stick around get ideas.  They start to get plans.  Foolish plans.  Plans like, Honey, do you think little Timmy might like to go to college someday?

Why, I don’t know, Larry.  You know we can’t afford something like college.

Well, maybe we can afford it.  Now, that I’m getting double pay and all, it seems like maybe the money ought to go to something, doesn’t it?

Oh, Larry, you’re so noble.  Of course, we should send Timmy to college. Oh, Larry, I’m so proud of you.

Hey, babe, a working man looks after his own.

Muaa, muaa, muaa, muaaa.

The next thing you know, college-educated Timmy—instead of working a hundred hours a week swinging a hammer, pushing a broom, or lifting lumber the way nature intended—would be entering the world as a businessman.  

He could easily imagine little Timmy’s conversation someday at the bar with his fellow social climbers:

Hey, Timmy, business is going so well for you; why don’t you look for a real challenge.  Hey, you should run for senator!

Senator?  Robbie, what, are you joking?

Joking?  You own a large business, you can afford a campaign, you’ve got lots of contacts, you understand how the economy works.  No, I’m not joking!

Senator . . . wow, if only dear dad could see me now.  He worked those hundred-hour weeks, put me through college.  Hey, that sounds like the beginning of a campaign speech!

You see?!

Cheers!

Hutherton went charging towards the nearest lamp, seized it, and hurled it against the wall, shattering it into pieces.  The candle itself providentially tumbled onto a nice marble section of the floor, rather than the carpet he was standing on, which saved him the added vexation of an inferno in his study.  He charged after the candle and then began stomping on it.  First, with one foot, and then leaping up into the air with both feet and landing on it as if he were a mother kangaroo pouncing on a cobra that had ventured too near her joeys.

“Is everything all right, Lord Hutherton?” Melanie, one of his servants asked.

“SCAT!!” he shouted.

“Yes, Lord Hutherton,” she replied meekly, quitting the room.

He looked up on the wall.  There, staring ahead with the contemptuous coldness befitting a gentleman, was his father, his late namesake.  Now, he had been a real senator.  He had sponsored major legislation throughout his decades’-long career in the senate and handled both senatorial and business opponents alike with the finesse of an expert wrestler dispatching amateurs.

It seemed as if he were now looking down at Senator Hutherton, saying, My stupid son.  My stupid, stupid son.

He had suspected there would be a certain amount of black market dealings.  He wasn’t so foolish as to think the law would snuff out Smokeless Green as he had just snuffed out his hapless candle.  But he had figured the illegality of it would push the price far above what the average working man could afford.  He had noticed the price getting higher and higher each time he met with Ambassador Rochten, but the sting to his pocketbook was alleviated by the belief this precious powder was rising out of the reach of the dirty little paws of the working man.

To his great dismay, he soon learned that what was happening was the product was being diluted for the poor.  Any line sniffed by a poor man was about one-tenth Smokeless Green and nine-tenths something else, often coffee, from what he had heard.  However, since many of them made their first acquaintance with the weaker version of the product, it was that to which they became accustomed and gradually required more of.  It didn’t exactly send them flying towards the moon, as did the real thing; but it was still strong enough to make coffee feel like sleeping powder.

He then noticed another headline staring at him.  His swift flight to attack the lamp had knocked the newspapers onto the floor and shuffled them considerably.  This headline had been buried almost at the back page of today’s newspaper:

SOME SAY VICIOUS UNDERWORLD DEVELOPING DUE TO SISA

He reached for the article greedily, like a man in the desert for newly discovered water, and then began gulping down its contents ravenously with his eyes.

Chapter 5

Senator Megders was currently in his capacity as Edward Megders, Esq.  He was walking towards the city jail, as he had a certain person he needed to meet.  His first client to help him challenge the constitutionality of SISA.  He was breaking a tiny rule, which the geniuses in the local bar administration had cooked up against solicitation.  According to them, clients just dropped into your office like magical fruit from the sky, and thus, no attorney would ever have the need to do something so profane as seek out business.  Well, that wasn’t entirely true.  In recent years, there had been a slight relaxation of the rules, which allowed him to state on the outside of his office what kinds of cases he practiced and whether he carried malpractice insurance, the latter being sure to sweep any reluctant client off his feet.

But even if he had had the good fortune for any of these stupid shop owners arrested for openly selling Smokeless Green right out of their shops to walk by his door and see that he practiced constitutional law, that wouldn’t exactly have been the same thing as a sign saying:

BUSTED FOR SELLING SMOKELESS GREEN?  KNOCK ON
THE DOOR.  YOU MAY HAVE A CONSTITUTIONAL DEFENSE.

This was uncharted legal territory, and it wasn’t exactly common knowledge that a constitutional defense to a SISA charge had a decent chance of success.  Sure, there had been a few articles discussing its constitutionality when it was still a mere bill, but after it had become law few news outlets had touched that aspect of the issue.

Today, at a minimum, he was going to have to violate the ethics rule concerning solicitation and probably tell a few lies to boot.

He opened the door to the administrative area of the jail and approached the front desk.

“Your business, sir?”

He was glad he didn’t recognize this employee.  It might make things easier.

“Attorney Megders, ma’am.  I’m here to see my client, David Stephenson.”

“Attorney seal.”

Megders extracted a scroll and unrolled it, revealing his name, his good standing with the bar, and a large seal at the bottom from this year.

“To see David Stephenson?”

“Yes ma’am.” 

“David Stephenson’s attorney was here yesterday.”

Megders let out a quiet sigh and looked at the employee with a kind but slightly paternal glare that seemed to say, Let me explain to you how this works.

“Ma’am, Mr. Stephenson may have legal counsel on other matters.  That is not my concern.  What is my concern is seeing my client on the matter for which he has retained me.  Now, may I see my client, or do I need to seek an Article 5 injunction ordering you to allow me to meet with my client?”

The employee gulped nervously.

“Back this way,” she said.

She then began leading him down a series of hallways that sloped downwards, bringing them several stories underground, where they kept prisoners charged with serious crimes, which this would certainly qualify for, being a Class B felony.

Megders saw her beginning to approach a particular cell, and he knew this was where things might get really tricky.

“Mr. Stephenson, there’s a man here saying he’s your attorney.  I tried to tell him that you already had—”

“I’ll take it from here, ma’am.  Client-attorney privilege.  Morgan v. Selegania.”

She looked at him with irritated eyes but conceded.  She apparently did not care to hear about Morgan v. Selegania, although Megders would have been happy to discuss the labyrinthine Supreme Court case, which—amongst many other things—held that when an attorney was brought to his client’s cell a jailer could not question the prisoner about anything—including the existence of the attorney-client relationship—as this could be interpreted as creating an intimidating atmosphere.

He waited until he heard her footsteps fade away to almost nothing, and then he approached the cell.

A mildly cranky man approached the bars:

“You’re lucky I’m bored to tears.  Who the hell are you, and why are you claiming to be my attorney?”

“I feel passionately about your case, and I believe I can win it.”

“That’s what my current attorney said right before I paid him a hefty retainer fee.  Yet, here I am rotting away a month later.”

“I won’t be needing a retainer fee.”

“Come again.”

“This is a constitutional matter of tremendous importance, in my opinion.  Having the privilege of handling your case would be payment enough.”

“You’ve got my attention.”

“Good.  I’m glad to hear that.  Now for me to become your attorney on this matter, I need you to do two things.  One, fire your other attorney effective immediately.  Two, retain me as your sole attorney on the matter.”

“Not so fast, mister.  I don’t know your name.  I don’t know your proposed legal strategy.  And I don’t know why in the hell I should trust you.  Start talking.”

“Fair enough.  My name is Edward Megders.  I’m a senator.”  (Even in the dim light he saw Mr. Stephenson’s eyebrows rise at that tidbit.)  “I was one of the chief opponents of SISA.  I believe it’s unconstitutional under Article 8, and I believe I can convince the district judge of that.  My strategy is to file a writ of habeas corpus to get you out of this hellhole and into court, whereupon I would immediately file a motion to dismiss the charge, based upon SISA being unconstitutional on its face and as applied.

“I would also file a motion for a bail hearing and be prepared to demonstrate that you are neither a flight risk nor a threat to the community.  It’s possible you could be out of here within a week.”

“It sounds almost too good to be true.”

“I’m not promising anything other than to represent you zealously and that I believe this is your best chance.”

“What about a plea deal?  My attorney’s been jabberin’ with the prosecutor about maybe getting a plea deal where I would plea to a misdemeanor charge for selling Class D contraband, and my sentence would be time served.”

“Well, how does that seem to be going?  You’ve been in here over a month already, and this would still result in you having a criminal record.  Do you really want to go down without a fight?”

“What if I wait and see if the plea deal is on the table before deciding if I want to fight.  I just want to get the hell out of here.  I don’t want to face forty years in this dump!”

Megders knew he was at an ethical crossroads here.  Of course, he should tell this guy to go ahead and wait and see if a plea deal for a misdemeanor with time served was on the table.  Or to at least tell him to inform his attorney that he would wait one more week to see if the prosecutor would agree to such a deal.

But Megders didn’t want this opportunity to slip out of his hands like a prize fish into the depths of the sea.  He didn’t exactly fancy pulling the “I’m here to see my client” trick again anytime soon.  Or ever again for that matter.  And thus, although he knew there were a couple more hapless individuals in the same boat as Mr. Stephenson, he knew this was it.  This was his one chance to be the guy to stick it to that pompous prick Senator Hutherton and smirk at him after his pet law was deemed unconstitutional.  Sure, this wasn’t the last chance in the Republic of Selegania for such a thing to happen to SISA.  But it was the last chance for him to be the one to do it.  Plus, as an added bonus, he really did feel the law was one of the most egregiously hypocritical and unconstitutional pieces of filth to be passed in the Seleganian Senate.

Thus, what harm could a little lying do?

“Mr. Stephenson, listen very carefully to what I’m about to tell you.  There isn’t a chance in hell that plea agreement’s going to come through.  I’ve been doing a little snooping around.  I know you’re represented by Frank Sonnenville, who’s a damn good attorney, but I also happen to know that Deputy Prosecutor Andrew Meier—who’s prosecuting this case—has his hands tied to a dagger with explicit instructions to ram it into your heart.  You see, that’s because District Attorney Ralph Hannensehn happens to be a good friend of Senator Hutherton.  And Senator Hutherton happens to be the person who wrote this law and worked feverishly to get it passed.

“And I have it on good authority that Senator Hutherton is none too pleased that people have been using Smokeless Green with impunity.  It’s a slap in the face to his bill.  Sure, maybe down the road he’ll let prosecutorial discretion run its natural course, but as for right now he’s looking for someone to make an example of.  Your name, sadly, happened to be mentioned in the papers more than those of the other two shop owners arrested for the same offense—maybe due to the amount you were caught with or maybe due to the fact you were busted by the chief of police himself, but regardless, you’re the big story.

“I overheard Senator Hutherton and D.A. Hannensehn talking last night at the Gentlemen of Selegania Club about your case, which is why I’m visiting you and not the other two defendants.  The conversation went something like this:

‘Senator, are you sure we should offer no plea deal?  I mean, it is Mr. Stephenson’s first arrest ever!’

‘Counselor, we have got to set an example.’  We’ve already discussed why Stephenson is the best one to be made an example out of.  You can show your mercy by offering a plea deal to the other two.’”

In spite of the dim light, Megders was pretty sure he could see beads of sweat not merely forming on Stephenson’s forehead, or even inching their way down cautiously, but streaming down like small rivers.  Thus, he knew he had said just about enough.

“I suppose you’re wondering what they’re waiting on then.  After all, if they’re gonna stick it to you, why not just do it?  Am I right?”

Stephenson’s head nodded slightly and a weak croak came out of his throat that sounded like the far-away shriek of an injured bat but that was probably an attempt at “Yeah.” 

“Here’s the thing, Mr. Stephenson.  There’ll be a ‘plea deal’ in a manner of speaking.  Just not what you or I or any other fair-minded person would call a plea deal.  It’ll go something like this:

Mr. Stephenson?

Yes, Mr. Sonnenville?

I’ve got some good news and some bad news.  Which do you want first?

The bad news of course.

They’ve decided against the misdemeanor contraband deal.  They’re going for the Class B felony SISA charge.

What?  And the good news?!!!

I’ve spoken to Deputy Prosecutor Meier, and he assures me that if you plead guilty to the Class B felony SISA charge, he’ll passionately recommend that you be given the minimum sentence with a chance at early parole.  Frankly, Mr. Stephenson, I’d take it.  Otherwise, you’re looking at forty years with no chance of parole, which means even with good behavior you’d be facing twenty hard years.  Take it, please.  For your family.

Okay, Mr. Sonnenville, if that’s what you recommend.

“And the tears will be streaming down your face in court while your wife and kids watch you get whisked off to jail as though you were an arsonist, robber, or rapist.  Trust me—I know what it’s like to see a sentencing hearing when a family man goes to prison, and it’s not pretty.  It could just about tear your heart right out of your chest.

“So, you’re probably thinking, You still haven’t said what the waiting is for.  Well, two things.  One, by making you wait, by the time they offer you that deal, you’re going to be so broken down physically and mentally that you’ll think anything’s a bargain.  Secondly, I don’t think Counselor Sonnenville’s exactly looking forward to telling you the negotiation has gone from ‘misdemeanor with time served’ to ‘the prosecutor promises he’ll try to talk the judge down to twenty years.’  

“I saw Counselor Sonnenville just yesterday in fact doing a court filing, and he looked whiter than a ghost that’s been playing in the snow.  I know the look of a man that’s carrying a burden inside, and he fit the bill.

“Now, I’ve got to be honest with you, Mr. Stephenson.  I do want to take your case.  I wouldn’t be here showing up at the jail claiming I was your attorney just to have the privilege of offering pro bono services.  However, this is a one-time, take-it-or-leave-it offer.  And that’s no salesman talk.  I’ve brought the necessary forms right here.  All I’ll need are a few signatures, and then you can sit back in that cell knowing you just replaced your Poodle of an attorney with a fight-to-the-death Rottweiler.

“What do you say?”

“I thought Mr. Sonnenville had seemed not quite right lately.  Like he was having trouble looking me in the eye.  No-good, dirty, rotten coward.  He—”

“Now, hold on a moment.  Counselor Sonnenville’s no coward.  I’ve seen him mount many a good defense in the courtroom before.  But the thing you’ve got to understand is the evidence against you is ironclad, and dirty politics have taken any kind of meaningful plea bargain off the table.  I’ve always been drawn towards fights others shy away from, but I can’t fault Counselor Sonnenville for being scared of this fight.”

“Well, I guess you’d know more about it than I would . . . but he should have at least told me, instead of leading me on the way he has.”

Silence.

“All right.  All right, you’ve got yourself a client.”

“Excellent!” Megders exclaimed heartily, but letting only a fragment of the overwhelming jubilation inside his soul come out, lest he stand up and begin dancing, leaping, and hollering at the top of his lungs.

Megders had multiple filings he had to make in district court that day.  A notice of substitution of appearance, a petition for a writ of habeas corpus, a motion for a bail hearing, and a motion to dismiss the SISA charge based upon a facial and as-applied violation of Article 8 of the Constitution of Selegania.  He had these filings ready like arrows in a quiver before he even showed up at the jail today, and with the requisite signatures from his new client, he was now ready to fit them into his legal bow and shoot them right into Senator Hutherton’s rotten little heart.

Chapter 6

Knock, knock, knock, knock.

A door opened.  “Yes, sir?”

“Senator Hutherton seeking Mr. Randalls.”

“Oh!  A senator!” the polite-looking young lady said with unhidden surprise.  “You’re in luck.  He just got back this morning after a couple weeks out.  Shall I tell him you have an appointment?”

“No, ma’am.  I will be humbly asking for a few moments of his time but can schedule an appointment if that pleases him.”

“Stacy—who’s there?” a voice called out.

“Just a moment, Senator Hutherton,” Stacy said with a smile on her face, and she scurried off enthusiastically.

Moments later, an unshaven, unkempt face was looking at Senator Hutherton from the doorway.

“Senator, please forgive my barbaric appearance.  I’ve been rather preoccupied as of late.  Please do come in.”

As Senator Hutherton followed Mr. Randalls into the small waiting room and towards the journalist’s office he carefully surveyed parts of the office as though he were a real estate agent making an evaluation for a potential buyer.

“Do please sit down, senator,” Mr. Randalls invited, shutting the door behind him, to the immense disappointment of Stacy, who now strained her ear for tidbits of the conversation.

“To what do I owe the honor of such an unexpected guest, and one of such high merit, no less?”

“I can assure you the honor is all mine,” Senator Hutherton began, with an endearing tone few, if any, of his senatorial colleagues—and far fewer of his hapless servants—had ever heard.  “For I am in the presence of an astounding journalist, a profession which requires far more than intelligence, far more than thorough education.  It also requires that rarest of traits oft-praised by the ancient poets:  courage.”

Mr. Randalls couldn’t hide the blush that attacked his face like warm water.

“Your article today—in a word, sir—left me stunned.  I felt most foolish after reading it, but, as the philosopher Therintopeles stated, ‘Better to realize your own foolishness in the process of enlightenment than for your enemies to realize it and bring about your destruction.’

“I must admit that before reading your article today I was under the terribly naïve impression that the failure of SISA had been limited to its inability to curb consumption of this vile substance known as Smokeless Green.  And even there I saw a modest success, as the working class has at least been forced by economic pressures to use a heavily diluted form of this poison.

“But after reading your article today, I realized a new scourge has afflicted our republic.  I have come to you today that I might be further educated on this matter.  Please understand that anything you wish to tell me in confidence I will strictly treat as such.  This is a matter most dear to my heart.  For as you probably know, it was I who pushed for this legislation.  It may be that further legislation will be necessary in order for our republic to prevail.  Please, sir, tell me all you know about this developing underworld.”

“Senator, before I indulge you—which I most certainly will—may I ask a rather bold question?”

“Under these circumstances, sir, I believe no question could be too bold, as it is I who has come to you.”

“Why did you allow the exemption for gentlemen?  There are some of us in this fight who believe it . . . pardon my boldness . . . sent the wrong message.  Some have even called it h—”

“Hypocritical.  And you know what, they’re right.  But just as you are about to indulge me with some confidential information, I shall do the same for you and will ask you treat it sensitively.  If I attempted to describe to you the snake pit I step into each and every day I walk into that senate, you would perhaps believe me to be exaggerating, but I would rather be understating the matter.  When our forefathers fought back the barbarian hordes that nearly subjugated our entire people centuries ago, it was not in one giant, sweeping victory.  Like the tree felled with many blows, we pushed them back one small victory at a time until they lay vanquished.

“I even had a version of the bill originally drafted with no exemptions.  You see, this is a matter that strikes close to my heart.  A servant of mine that I esteemed very highly died from this poison.  She left behind a son and a daughter.  I helped them obtain adequate employment, despite their lack of any experience, but they will never again see their mother.  It was after this unspeakable tragedy that I realized it is the weak and the defenseless I must first seek to protect.

“Most of the senate uses this powder on a regular basis, despite its horrific dangers.  They would have never passed the bill I originally drafted.  Thus, I decided that rather than sponsoring a bill doomed to fail I would seek the promulgation of a bill with a chance of success and that provided protection to those who most need it—the poor.”

While Mr. Randalls might not have been completely convinced on a rational level by what he had just heard, this struggling freelance journalist was nearly mesmerized by the arrival of such an important visitor, and this more than sufficed to fill whatever gaps may have existed in Senator Hutherton’s powers of verbal persuasion.  One thing Mr. Randalls was absolutely sure of was that he did not want this to be the last visit from the senator.  The prospect of the invaluable information that could flow from this source and—with the esteemed senator’s permission, of course—be inserted into his articles could put him far ahead of the many other freelance journalists vying for a top story.  Who knows—maybe he would even one day sit comfortably atop his own powerful news organization looking down from a high office window while a throng of employees bustling about like bees in a hive strove to impress The Boss.

“Thank you for that explanation, senator.  It was more than adequate, and I hope I did not overstep the bounds of propriety by asking it.”

“Not in the slightest,” Senator Hutherton said mercifully.

Mr. Randalls knew it was time to show the senator he hadn’t made a mistake by coming here.

“Here’s what I know, senator.  And please hold this in the strictest confidence.  I dare not publish any of this information in the press just yet.  The underworld is currently in an extremely volatile state, but there are some big names beginning to emerge.”

“Do go on,” Senator Hutherton said authoritatively.

Chapter 7

“Whaddya mean he cut his damn head off?!!” Heavy Sam barked at the quivering young thug in front of him.  As if to drive the point home that he was unhappy, or simply due to his irascible nature, Heavy Sam sent a chunky fist slamming into the wall, punching a hole big enough for a small portrait and sending a cloud of plaster gliding across the room.

“Scorpion was my guy, ya hear—MY guy!!!” Heavy Sam barked out.  “Scram, ladies.  Party’s ovuh!”  They didn’t have to be told twice and in fact had been eyeing the opportunity to escape.  Being around Heavy Sam when he got angry—which was at least half a dozen times a day—was about as much fun as standing in the middle of a mud puddle in your best suit while it poured down rain.  But when Heavy Sam got furious—which was at least twice a day—it was about as much fun as standing in front of a category five hurricane.

They went scurrying out of the room quicker than mice pursued by a zealous cat and didn’t bother asking for payment for today’s services.  That would have to wait for clearer weather.

Sam was five feet eight inches tall and almost as wide.  His boulder-sized head disappeared into massive shoulder muscles, leaving only the slightest remnant of a neck.  Back muscles jutted out like bat wings, though their grotesque profile was mostly hidden underneath his enormous shirt.  

Enjoying his company was Stitches, who had earned his name as the result of a beating so severe in his early teens that—according to the story—the doctor ran out of stitches while sewing him up and had to finish the job the next day after supplies came in.  He still had numerous visible scars decorating his face.  But unlike the scars of an old army veteran attesting to a plethora of engagements, his had been accumulated in a single incident, when he made the fateful mistake of asking a local crime boss’s girlfriend out on a date.  He had been known as quite the local charmer before that, but after that day his face served as a walking billboard warning against forgetting your place.

“Run it by me again, Stitches.  I want every last detail.  Everything.  You’re my eyes and ears in that lousy junkyard, and if you wanna piece of the action once I take over that dump, instead of what’s comin’ to the rest of those gentlemen, then you betta convince me that you’s shootin’ straight with me.”

“Okay, like I said, boss, Scorpion was trying to do just as you said.  Tryin’ to slow things down, scaring any newcomers off who came to do business there.  Doing it real slow-like so the gang wouldn’t notice he was workin’ for someone else.  Well, in comes this guy I never even seen before, lookin’ like he’s dressed to go work at the bank or somethin’ and starts offering to sell us twenty pounds of Smokeless Green.  The guy had some guts; that’s for sure.  Oh yeah, I forgot the first time I told you, but Tats and Spider knows him, and apparently he trusts them, especially Tats—somethin’ about a fight they was in together.

“Anyway, I think Scorpion was as shocked as I was, so he tried to just let the guy go easy.  Yeah, he told him he could just leave the twenty pounds and get the hell out of there with all his skin still on and all his bones together.”

“So you call that ‘easy,’ huh, do ya?” Heavy Sam said laughing, his face looking like a stormy sky that has been briefly, but unconvincingly, invaded by a ray of sunshine.  “I’ll remember that if you ever say I’m stickin’ it to ya!”

Stitches grinned uneasily, unsure of whether he had just dug a hole for himself, and then continued.  “For a moment, I thought this guy was gonna go along with it.  I mean, he was pretty big and all, but he didn’t look like the fightin’ type, and there was a lot of us and just one of him.  All of a sudden, he just pulled a sword out, cut Scorpion’s head and arm off in one good lick, and then gave ‘em another lick for good measure and just cut him clean in two.

“We was all kind of scared after that, but he went around shaking our hands and tellin’ us something like he don’t like to fight, just likes to make money.  Then took a partial payment from us, gave the twenty pounds to Tats, and trusted Tats to sell it.  That’s what happened, Heavy Sam.  Honest it is.  Oh—but there is one more thing.  He calls himself Brass, and some of the gang call him Mr. Brass.  I asked about it afterwards, and apparently he gave quite a licking to some guys with brass knuckles a ways back.”

Wheels were turning in Heavy Sam’s mind.  In spite of his savage temperament, hidden deep inside was a businessman, who spent no small amount of time pulling the levers.  The businessman liked this guy.  Strong, straight-forward, and interested in making money. 

But the savage inside did not.  It told him that Mr. Brass was too dominant.  Perhaps if he had merely belted Scorpion he could have seriously entertained the prospect of a business relationship, but when a guy takes out a sword quicker than a flash and hacks a man like Scorpion into pieces before he even realizes what hit him, you’d have to be kidding yourself to think he’d sit comfortably for long in any kind of subordinate position.

I’m not an unreasonable guy, Heavy Sam told himself, the hurricane in his mind calming to a mild thunderstorm.  I’m just practical.  And there are two kinds of people in this business.  Those who can work for me, and those who can’t work.  Sorry, Mr. Brass, but you can’t work.

Chapter 8

As Righty clung to Harold’s back, soaring high above the forests and fields below, his mind raced at a comparable velocity.  He realized he was at a crossroads.  Furthermore, he realized this was a far graver crossroads than the one he had approached nearly a year ago, the day he went and buried those seeds in the ground.  Given that SISA’s criminal penalties had not been enacted yet, he was only guilty of theft at the time—at the worst.  And given that Rog had sought to return them to his wholesaler, they had really ceased to be Rog’s property and became Mr. Hoffmeyer’s property, with Righty merely being the agent charged with transferring the goods to him.

And since Righty had paid Mr. Hoffmeyer every last penny for the seeds—albeit under the pretext that they had been damaged—he had paid nonetheless, thus making Mr. Hoffmeyer whole.  Thus, realistically, his main risks at the time had been getting fired and having his reputation destroyed in Ringsetter.

Once he actually began selling the Smokeless Green, he realized he had ratcheted up his risks considerably—to include getting killed and spending decades in prison.  But as big as those risks were, they were mollified by the fact that physically the risk was solely to himself.  As for financial ramifications, he figured Janie would escape these too because after just a few transactions he had set aside enough money for Janie should he be killed or sent off to prison.  

Also, there had been almost no publicized crackdown on the Smokeless Green underworld, which led him to believe that his risk of prison was relatively small anyway.  Furthermore, he had felt that he could get out of the business at any time he so desired if things got too hot.

But what he realized after today was that almost all of the above had changed and what had not changed already likely soon would.  The days of his freelance trips up to the junkyard to do business with Tats and Spider were likely over.  The market was being consolidated fast, and it sounded like Heavy Sam didn’t exactly believe the small business model would be best for the city of Sivingdel.  

Whether he liked it or not, if he was going to avoid being squashed under Heavy Sam’s boot, he was going to have to form a crew.  And it was going to have to be a big crew.  And he was going to have to be at the helm of that crew ruling it with an iron fist in a paramilitary fashion, dealing out death for all but the smallest infractions.  He knew that in the realm of the underworld—where there were no courts to handle financial disputes or prisons to rectify grievances—violence would have to be used liberally both to correct past wrongs and to dissuade enemies from considering future wrongs.

It would be an environment in which his wife, son, and even distant relatives could become fair game if his enemies felt bold enough to strike them.  And he knew that as dangerous as the situation was it would only be made worse if he approached it with anything other than a fully committed manner—never looking back and never considering retreat for the rest of his life.

He either needed to go back to the forest today, destroy his secret garden, and never again engage in this occupation, or . . . .

Righty felt his thoughts trail off at this point, as he realized something very important.  He had not the faintest idea why he should continue.  It was becoming increasingly more dangerous.  He had enough capital now that he might be able to start a few legitimate businesses and from there form a completely legitimate business empire.  Or, he could simply content himself with a simple life running his current store.  Or, he could even retire right now from everything and live off of his savings.

So, why, why, WHY continue?!!

His inability to provide anything remotely approaching a logical answer to this question vexed him considerably.  But deep down in his gut, he suddenly felt he had the answer.  It wasn’t logical, but maybe that didn’t matter.  It was destiny.  Destiny had given him most of the skills needed not only to survive, but to thrive, in this world.  His years of boxing had given him unarmed combat skills few, if any competitor, could ever match.  His years in the lumberyard had added layer upon layer of imposing muscle to his body that could serve as a warning to any potential enemy that he would be a nightmarish foe and that could readily demonstrate this fact to those who failed to heed the warning.

His unexpected passion for learning had given him a business acumen likely to rival most, if not all, he would encounter in this new world, and this passion had shown no sign of abating, in spite of the fact he had no idea of its source.  The fortuitous opportunity to swipe those seeds now seemed to him to be the transparent intervention of the gods.  The arrival of a monstrous bird loyal to him unto death was yet another sign and was yet one more edge he would have over his enemies.  And Harold’s recommendation of a master swordsman and sword smith added yet another deadly arrow to his quiver.

As the enormity of all these facts impressed itself upon his mind, a calm swept over him, as he realized the dilemma had been resolved.  Destiny had decided this matter for him, and if he had learned anything from his study of history so far, it was that there was nothing more dangerous, or more foolish, than to oppose destiny.

As Harold touched down near Righty’s crops and Righty slid off, Righty noticed Harold was a bit more somber than usual.  

“Falon for your thoughts?”

Harold moved his beak muscles in a manner Righty had come to interpret as a smile, although to a less-experienced observer it may have appeared like a snarl that portended a most savage attack.

“It’s nothing, Master,” and as soon as the word had left his mouth, it shocked him as much as Righty, who shot a quick glance at him to see if he was joking.  Harold’s face was now impenetrable.  Harold gulped, as he realized the implications of what he had just said, but he wouldn’t take it back.  Tristan had been a fine master for a time, but he had been gone far too long, and Harold, like Righty, was a creature of action.  And Harold had to admit working for Righty made his long surveillance missions for Tristan seem as exciting as counting blades of grass.

If ever a man could earn the right to replace Tristan, Righty was he.  But since Righty had no supernatural powers with which to strike him dead in the blink of an eye, perhaps he could be a bit less formal than he had been with Tristan.

“Sorry, I get a little confused sometimes, since that’s what I used to call my old boss.”

“Well, how about just plain old ‘boss’ then so that neither one of us gets confused,” Righty said, joking.  “Or just plain old Righty works fine for me,” although now that the word “boss” had escaped his lips he realized it did have a rather nice ring to it.

Silence.

“What is it, Harold?” Righty insisted.  “We’ve worked together long enough for me to know something’s on your mind.”

“Well, it’s just that now that you’ve got that sword it seems you barely need me.  That is, except for transportation.”

Righty exploded with genuine laughter.  “Are you kidding me?!!  Except for transportation?!!  I’d only be a quarter of a way there on horseback by now, but instead I’m already back!  Do you consider that a small thing?”

Then Righty noticed something that had escaped his eye a moment ago.  Something savage lurking in Harold’s eye.

“What?  Are you sore that I lopped off that guy’s head rather than letting you drop him from two hundred feet?”

Harold gave his unnerving smile again and began to profusely deny it, but the subtle savage glint in his eye had briefly grown unmistakably large before Harold managed to suppress it altogether.

“Harold,” Righty said calmly.  “When a threat needs taken out immediately, I’m going to do so if it’s within my power.  If it’s killing you miss, don’t worry.  If my gut is right—and it usually is—you’ll do enough of that before this is all over that you won’t just get your fill but will become sick of it.

“And if you’re worried that I don’t need you to watch my back anymore just because I’ve got a piece of steel hidden there, you’ve got about a thousand times as much confidence in me as I do.  You’ve saved my life once.  And if I survive another year in this snake pit I’m in, I’ll have you to thank many times over.  But remember, the best weapon’s a secret weapon.  By using my sword today, I sent a message that I can kill in the blink of an eye.  But I also sent the message that I have a sword hidden in my shirt.  The next person who attacks me just might find that information useful.  So I took a step forward but maybe took one back.

“If you were to come flying out of the sky and start hurling people around like snowballs every time I’m in the smallest bit of a jam, it wouldn’t take long before people began to wonder whether I somehow trained a bird to defend me.  This would not only cause some people to see me as weak but could also cause them to seek to hunt you down at all costs.  News of such a bird would travel far and wide.  Kings would envy such a weapon.”  (Righty noticed no small amount of pride enter Harold’s eye at this statement.)  “You should only show yourself when my life depends on it or when I tell you to.  If your arrival becomes predictable, someone will lay a trap for you.

“The day may come when my enemies learn who I am and who my family is.  From that day forward, those who can’t attack me directly will attack me through my family.  I’ll need you then even more than I do now.  The day I lose you will be the day I quit this business.  You’re not my servant.  You’re my right-hand man.  My partner.  And I want you to know I would give my life for you too.”  

To Righty’s surprise he saw tears streaming down Harold’s beak.  Righty then found himself surprised by his own words because not only were they true, he had only realized those things upon saying them.

Seeking to lighten the mood a little, Righty added, “It’s a shame you don’t have a girlfriend because the day will come when I will need more than one of you.  In fact, I’m starting to feel I do already.”

Harold felt overjoyed by Righty’s words, and his last comment shifted his thoughts to the konulans.

(not unless things get desperate; they’re too unpredictable)

As for Righty, his own comments had prompted a bit of reflection.  He felt grateful that his son was far away studying under the esteemed professor, and the monthly correspondence he received from him evinced a growing intellect, which assured him all was well.  However, now that he thought about it, he realized every letter began “Dear Mother” and contained neither a question nor a comment as to the wellbeing or continued existence of his father.  

Chapter 9

“All rise.  The court of the Honorable Judge Willington is now in session.”

This was it.  Senator Megders could feel his heart beating as fast as though the trumpet had just sounded to begin a race.  The audience was relatively thin.  Another good sign, as it suggested the gravity of this hearing had not worked its way into the press and thus had not made it to Senator Hutherton’s attention just yet.

“First matter of the day:  Selegania v. Stephenson.  The Court recognizes Senator Edward Megders, Esquire, as counsel for Mr. Stephenson.”  The word “senator” had perked up the eyebrows of the soporific deputy prosecutor, who heretofore had been thinking far more about his next case that day, rather than the present, which he had dismissed in his mind as an overly bold action by Mr. Stephenson.  He had completed the drafted plea agreement the same day he received the notice of substitution of appearance by Edward Megders, as well as Mr. Megder’s other filings, and he had considered it an act of folly on Mr. Stephenson’s part to gamble with such high stakes when he had been mere days away from being released with a slap on the wrist.

He now considered the folly his own, as he realized he had allowed himself to walk into the courtroom against a heavy hitter thoroughly unprepared.  What he had moments before viewed as a mere nuisance he now viewed with the same apprehension as the sight of the scaffold.

“Senator Megders, do you prefer to be addressed as ‘senator’ or ‘counselor’ when in the exercise of jurisprudence?”

Now Mr. Meier felt cold sweat begin to pour down his forehead.  Judge Willington often addressed Mr. Meier rather gruffly, as he did with all but the most experienced litigators, so this opening deference did not bode well.

“Your Honor, I would prefer to be addressed as counselor.”

The nerve of the man!  Such directness when speaking to a seasoned judge!  But when no rebuke came, three friends joined the drop of sweat now racing down his forehead.  Mr. Meier felt his throat tighten.

“Very well, counselor.  You have submitted an extremely well-written brief in support of your client’s motion to dismiss the criminal charge due to SISA being unconstitutional facially and as applied to the present case.  I must say, I found your arguments both convincing and eloquent and am inclined to dismiss this criminal charge for the statute’s violation of Article 8 of the Constitution of Selegania.  Do you have any oral argument you wish to offer?”

“Your Honor, in the interests of judicial economy, and considering your favorable reception to the motion to dismiss, I believe I will reserve any necessary oral arguments for my rebuttal period.”

“Very well, counselor.  Counselor Meier, you may begin your opening statement on behalf of the Republic of Selegania.”

Mr. Meier thought he had to be dreaming.  He hadn’t even read the thick brief that had landed on his desk last week.  He was a green attorney, with just two years as a deputy prosecutor, and most of that time had been spent drafting generous plea agreements that defendants and their attorneys gladly accepted.  He realized now that this should have caused the closest scrutiny to be given to the brief, and a tear nearly escaped his eye as he painfully recalled the smug way in which he had tossed the brief aside as soon as he saw it was a motion to dismiss.

The defendant had been observed selling Smokeless Green by the chief of police for Kasani’s sake!!  This was supposed to be an open-and-shut prosecution!

“Deputy prosecutor, the Court does not have all day!”

Mr. Meier nearly wet his pants when he realized all eyes were upon him.

Mr. Meier slowly stood, certain that what would emanate from his voice would be a croak or a rasp and was rather relieved to hear only a slight quiver.

“Th-h-his substance is a poison!” he said with a passion that stemmed not from any genuine knowledge of, or concern for, the properties of calinus ominesferus (also known as Smokeless Green) but rather from his fury at the unfolding of this nightmare, and thus, he was relieved to find a means to disguise his rage.

The brief relief afforded by this outburst quickly faded, as he faced a silent courtroom and many attentive eyes, amongst which were included the judge’s, no less.  

“Has anyone died from this substance—Smokeless Green?” Judge Willington asked.

Mr. Meier’s face burned with shame.  He felt as though he had fallen face-first into a cauldron of boiling water.

To his dismay, he saw deputy prosecutor Hollenwood in the audience.  He was ambitious, had been at the prosecutor’s office for five years, and was sure to give a detailed report of what happened today.  So much for being able to give his own version of a passionate fight for the Republic that he had barely lost.  It was time to put on a show.  Saving face was all he could do.

“It has caused robberies, vandalism, and of the most bizarre kind.  Men running around covered with their own excrement!”

“Does the Republic have witnesses prepared to give sworn testimony to that, or is counselor seeking to insert hearsay?”

“Everyone saw it.  It was in the papers!!” Counselor Meier shouted desperately.

Slam, slam, slam!  Judge Willington’s gavel crashed into the sounding block repeatedly as though it were striking an invisible nail.

“Need I remind you, counselor, that this is a court of law and not a cocktail dinner party?!  I repeat the question:  Does the Republic have witnesses prepared to give sworn testimony as to these allegations?”

Mr. Meier realized he was done.  He had attempted to put on a show but instead had become one.  He was disgraced.  He was unprepared, his case was lost, and he would be lucky to even keep his job at this point, given that a motion to dismiss based upon constitutional grounds should have been brought to the immediate attention of his supervising attorney.  He might even need luck to avoid sanctions from the bar for having appeared in court completely unprepared to defend his client, the Republic of Selegania.

“Your Honor, it is the position of the Republic that that this substance is poisonous, and thus, it does not violate Article 8.”

“Well, counselor, I won’t humiliate you any more than you’ve already done yourself.  It’s clear you weren’t prepared to mount anything remotely approaching a legal defense of this statute, and the brief filed by Counselor Megders—which has been provided to you and which has been filed with this court—is extremely thorough and persuasive in its argument that Smokeless Green, while perhaps highly addictive, cannot rationally be concluded to fall within the category of a poison.  

“Furthermore, since the Republic has alleged that Mr. Stephenson sold Smokeless Green to Harry Felder—shown in the record to be a thirty-one-year-old man and thus clearly an adult—I  believe that the unique wording of Article 8 in fact shifts the burden of proof to the Republic to show the substance is poisonous, given that Article 8 explicitly states that ‘The senate shall not prohibit the voluntary adult consumption of any non-poisonous substance.’  It is the opinion of this court that the proscriptive language imposed upon the senate when seeking to prohibit a substance means that in any Article 8 challenge to such a prohibition statute it is the Republic that bears the burden of proof in showing that the substance is poisonous, rather than the defendant bearing the burden of showing that the prohibited substance is non-poisonous.

“However, let the record reflect also that in the opinion of this Court the defendant has thoroughly shown, by counsel, that this substance—while perhaps harmful, and while perhaps even dangerous—falls below the threshold of a ‘poison’ as intended by the drafters of our Constitution.  The case of Selegania v. Stephenson is hereby dismissed due to the charging statute being a facial and as-applied violation of Article 8.  This obviates the need for the bail hearing requested by Counselor Megders.  Does Counselor Megders have any objection?”

“No, Your Honor,” Megders replied, mustering every ounce of strength in his body to refrain from breaking out into joyful song.

“The Court now releases the defendant from the custody of the Republic.  This case is closed.”

Mr. Stephenson embraced Megders wildly.

“You did it!  You—”

“Let’s talk in the hallway,” Megders said, not wanting to spoil this joyous moment by being reprimanded by the judge for hullaballoo.

Once they were in the hallway, Megders no longer sought to restrain Mr. Stephenson’s joy as he heaped praise after praise upon his performance.

Megders smiled warmly but then said, “I know this isn’t the best time to think of such things, but we have to be cognizant of the possibility of an appeal.”

This was somewhat disingenuous.  In fact, an appeal was so certain it could vie with the law of gravity for classification as an absolute.  This first thrust had landed to Senator Hutherton’s unsuspecting side, but it wasn’t a fatal blow; and Megders knew he would soon be facing one of the wildest, most dangerous adversaries he had ever confronted.  He knew not to what depths Hutherton might go in this battle, but for the first time the thought occurred to him that this battle might be waged in more than courtrooms, although he quickly brushed it aside.

“Will you . . . ?”  Mr. Stephenson paused awkwardly as if afraid that upon completing the question he would hear a negative answer.

“Of course, I’ll represent you.  The government has thirty days to file an appeal.  If they don’t, that will be the end of the matter.  If they do, I can assure you that the fight I waged in there today will pale in comparison to the offensive I will launch if the government seeks to pursue this matter further.”

Then, with a smile so warm and sincere it removed any possible condescension from the imperative tense, he said:  “Mr. Stephenson, go home.  Your wife and children will be glad to see you.”

“Thank you,” Mr. Stephenson said, tears streaming down his face.  He shook Megder’s hands firmly and then turned around and walked towards the door so briskly he blurred the line between walking and running.

Chapter 10

Senator Hutherton rolled out of bed at about ten in the morning, feeling slightly more optimistic than he had yesterday.  The images of those dastardly headlines announcing the ubiquitous mockery of SISA throughout the republic were still seared into his mind, but after his rather refreshing meeting with Mr. Randalls he felt there was no reason to live in the past.  

Today was a new day, and it promised good things.  Of this, he was quite certain as he felt the warmth of the sun spilling through his bedroom window and onto his face, slowly energizing his body.  He picked up the bell from his lampstand and gave it three rings, which meant he would be accepting breakfast, coffee, and the morning paper.

Moments later, Robert—his oldest servant, a gray-haired man of sixty-two—entered.

“As you requested, my lord.”  Robert then bowed and quit the room.

Hutherton bit a wolf-size chunk from a piece of toast with a boiled egg sitting cozily on top of it, and then lifted his coffee mug to his lips with his right hand while pulling the paper towards him with his left.

“Tell me something happy,” he said aloud, as he lowered the mug, hoping perhaps to hear of a massive seizure of Smokeless Green or perhaps news of a successful dragnet operation that had hauled in several dozen large fish from the underworld.

UNCONSTITUTIONAL!  SISA GETS THE BOOT!

Coffee spewed from Hutherton’s lips like lava from a volcano, showering the paper, his food, and the table.

“NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!” he screamed at the top of his lungs, and he stood abruptly to wad the paper up and throw it into the fireplace, but as he did so he lost his fragile grip on his coffee mug and sent its contents pouring down the inside of his shirt, scalding his chest and stomach.

“DAMNATION!!!!”

Robert rushed into the room to see if his master was unwell, or perhaps suffering some grave assault, but with one look at the fury on his face and the absence of any assailant, he promptly bowed and exited the room discreetly.  He had been a servant in the Hutherton family long enough to know a dangerous tantrum when he saw one and to disappear quickly in such circumstances.  He promptly warned the other servants not to approach Lord Hutherton unless specifically called for, due to him being quite indisposed at the moment.

Hutherton put his head between his hands and wept like a child.  It was over.  His one significant accomplishment as a senator was now the laughingstock of the republic.  If his father had not been killed in that freakish storm five years ago, perhaps he would have been able to advise him throughout this process and prevent this great humiliation, but that bolt of lightning had claimed its target and removed his only trusted advisor and his best connection in the nefarious world of politics.  He felt he had been stripped of his guide at the beginning of a perilous journey.  Only his surname and the prestige it possessed had carried him forward thus far, but the name Hutherton would soon be a byword for failure.

His mother had abandoned him as a young child, snatched away by smallpox.  He had no siblings.  Only some cousins, but he trusted them as much as coiled snakes.  All he had left was the house bequeathed to him by his father, as well as his fortune, which he realized had been diminishing considerably over the last year.  It seemed SISA had been a bitter pill through-and-through.  It had caused its price to skyrocket even in the very few legal venues both able and willing to sell it, such as the Gentlemen of Selegania Club, and yet its diluted street form had kept it within the reach of the paws of the working class, who could still obtain a considerable amount of its effects.

He had no wife, no fiancée, no girlfriend, not even a mistress.  He had told himself after his father’s death that he would first focus on raising his prestige so as to attract the most suitable mate.  He had dared to think that with the passage of SISA perhaps he would be nearing the ephemeral level where he could consider himself ready to begin searching for a spouse, but that now seemed as laughable as his false intuition this morning that a good day awaited him.

As his sobs slowed, he lifted his head back up towards the newspaper.  I better ready myself before reading on, he told himself.  He picked up a small container of Smokeless Green, laid out a nice thick line on a dry portion of his breakfast plate, and sucked it up through his nose like a tornado.

WHAM!!

He had been cutting back a little lately due to his concern about his savings’ troubling tendency to go down, rather than up, as of late, and he could feel the benefit he was getting from his noble sacrifice.  Raw energy pulsated through his mind and body.  He felt his defeatism being wringed out of his body like water from a dish towel.

He picked up the paper, feeling this time he was ready for anything.

“Local Attorney Moonlights as a Senator.”

Hutherton felt a chill creep up his spine, unsure whether to read on.

“Senator Edward Megders first expressed his opposition to SISA in the senate.  Though he turned more than a few heads with his fiery speech against the bill and with his proposal for a bill with no exemption for gentlemen, SISA sponsor Senator Hutherton—son of the late senior senator, his namesake—ultimately prevailed in what was a rather contentious process.  Yet, when Senator Megders failed while wearing his senatorial cap, he did not give up the fight but rather donned his attorney cap and sought victory in the courts, something which was granted to him yesterday by Judge Willington of the district court in our republic’s capital.”

Hutherton wadded the paper into a ball and hurled it into the fire so violently that it landed and bounced out.  Seeing that a small corner of it had caught fire, Hutherton dived through the air like a father jumping to snatch his child from an oncoming stagecoach.  He grabbed it before it caught the rug on fire, and he then began squeezing out the fire with his own two hands, now oblivious to the pain—from fury, if not from the Smokeless Green.

Then, he began to weep again.  He was doomed.  Though his heart beat wildly in his chest and his thoughts moved about rapidly, he knew he was finished.  If it had been anyone other than Old Squirrelly himself to stick this dagger into his side, he could have risen from the ashes of this humiliation, but this was beyond redemption.

Sobbing like an old woman, he sauntered over to the door, closed it, then closed the shade, and collapsed onto his bed, pulling the covers high above his face.

But though he would have welcomed sleep as much as a marooned sailor would a fully provisioned ship to escape his current misery, Smokeless Green still had some say in the matter.  And while it had been unable to drag him out of his room today, it wasn’t going to let him rest.

His mind began to take the journey his body would not, and it turned increasingly towards one thing.  

Revenge.

Chapter 11

Senator Hutherton spent a great many hours that day in bed, covers pulled over his face, his mind journeying and leaving his body far behind.  He imagined himself killing Old Squirrelly, or seeing him killed, every way imaginable.  Burned at the stake.  Hanged.  Drawn and quartered.  But none of it gave him any pleasure.  It was as useless as the musings of a socially awkward bookworm about winning over the prettiest girl in school.  He wasn’t about to risk prison or the gallows to kill Old Squirrelly.  If his current streak of bad luck was even a slightly accurate indicator of how such a venture would turn out, he would not only fail in the attempt to kill Squirrelly Eddie but would get caught to boot.  It would ultimately be one more victory in Squirrelly’s favor and would deliver the death knell to whatever prestige was left in the Hutherton surname.

Realizing the impotence of his rage, he lay fuming silently, the only real question being whether he would ever again dare leave the protection of his house.  Or his bedroom for that matter.

DING-DONG-DING-DONG.    DING-DONG-DING-DONG.

Far away, he heard the faint sound of the doorbell.

Who in tarnation could that be?!

He hoped it was just some traveling salesman.  His staff was well trained on how to deal with such nuisances.  Thanks, but the master of the house only meets with salesmen personally recommended to him.  And the door would be closed.

Kasani forbid it should be someone he actually had to talk to.

Then he heard the dreaded knock at his bedroom door.  He had no doubt Robert had promptly made the staff thoroughly aware of their master’s current indisposition, so for anyone to dare knock under such circumstances meant it must be someone of great significance visiting.  While this piqued his curiosity greatly, it also vexed him.  He was now in a lose-lose situation.  Offend an important guest by snubbing him, or meet with an important guest while at his lowest moment.

“Lord Hutherton?”

It was Robert’s voice.  That reassured him it had to be someone important outside.

He cast aside the blanket, sat up in bed, and summoning what little acting skills he had, he asked confidently, “Yes, Robert?”

“Ambassador Rochten requests a meeting.  Shall I tell him you are indisposed?”

Ambassador Rochten!  Good heavens!  He hadn’t seen the ambassador for months and had missed him sorely.  It seemed he always had the solutions to his problems.

But do you want him to see you like this?

No matter.  If he was going to have any inkling of an idea of how to turn this situation around, he knew in his gut that he was going to have to talk to the ambassador.

“Yes, of course, Robert,” Hutherton said loudly and authoritatively.  “Ambassador Rochten is welcome at any time at this house.  Serve him the drink of his choice, and tell him that I will be out shortly to greet him.”

“Yes, Lord Hutherton,” Robert responded, unable to completely camouflage the surprise in his voice.

Hutherton was glad he was still pulsating with energy from the line he had inhaled earlier, for he wished to have all his wits about him with such an important guest.  But then he thought maybe just a little extra wouldn’t hurt.  After all, with the way his day had been going, it was better to err on the side of caution.

He made short work of that chore and then began feverishly changing his clothes so as to make himself presentable.  His eyes might still be puffy from the sobbing he had done earlier, and maybe from the new line he had just evaporated, but you can’t win them all, he reckoned.  But the least he could do was not present himself with wrinkled clothes and a coffee stain the size of a small country on his shirt.

A few minutes later, a slightly less unconfident Senator Hutherton descended the steps, overwhelmingly glad he felt there was little he would need to fake with this guest.  He was one of the few men he instinctively trusted, perhaps the only one.  And he had no idea why.

“Ambassador Rochten.  An unexpected pleasure,” Hutherton said sincerely.

“It was my unexpected pleasure to find you here, seeing that I had the temerity to arrive slightly before 5 p.m.”

This prompted Hutherton to steal a quick look at the clock, which informed him it was 4:32 p.m.

“Well, I am most grateful for your temerity.  Ecstatic in fact.”  He gave Robert a quick look, who then bowed and left the room, closing the doors to the living room behind him.

“Have you been served adequate refreshment, ambassador?” Hutherton inquired.

“Excellent refreshment,” Rochten responded, a partially filled glass in his hand.

“I’ll join you,” Hutherton said, filling a glass for himself with a fine bourbon.

Once both men were seated and realized they had exhausted the tedious, yet necessary, niceties of polite society, they were both eager to get down to business, although Hutherton felt at a bit of a disadvantage, as he had no idea why the ambassador was here.

“Well, Ambassador,” Hutherton began, “while frankly I would be perfectly content if you told me you came by today for no purpose other than to sip whiskey, I am a curious creature and must first rule out the possibility you have come for another purpose.”

“I’ve seen the papers,” Rochten responded calmly.

Hutherton looked down in shame and then looked up and said, “I got clobbered pretty good, huh?” and attempted a laugh.

“Yes, you did,” Rochten said matter-of-factly.  “Which is why I wanted to tell you some good news that I’m riding just slightly ahead of.  It will probably hit the papers tomorrow or the day after.”

Hutherton’s face showed incredible interest.

“Sodorf’s council of nobles voted yesterday to criminalize the use of Orgone—or, as it is more commonly known, Smokeless Green—by anyone below the rank of noble.”

This caught Hutherton’s interest as well, but it didn’t exactly seem to be of any particular help to him.  In fact, it merely seemed to draw more attention to his own abysmal failure.

Rochten seemed to sense that this news was not exactly having the uplifting effect he had intended.  Nonetheless, he continued.  “I have it on good authority that within the week a similar law will be passed in Dachwald.”

Hutherton was beginning to wonder if next the ambassador would suggest he immigrate to one of these countries so that he could enjoy the benefits of a society that understood the danger of allowing this drug to be used by the working class.

“Senator, I want you to know that you are not alone in this fight.”

Hutherton would have cut off any other man by now, as he had little patience listening to anything in which the interest to himself failed to reveal itself quickly.  But it was more than just Ambassador Rochten’s title that told him he was no ordinary person.  The light-blue eyes seemed to thinly conceal a savage intensity, so much so that they slightly unnerved Hutherton.  Thus, Hutherton listened respectfully.

The ambassador then stole a sweeping look around the room.

“You may speak here in absolute confidence,” Hutherton told him.

“You may find it interesting to know why Sodorf passed this law and why Dachwald soon will.  Our government placed considerable pressure on the nobles in Sodorf to do so, and we gave them some not-so-subtle reminders of the fact they were saved from annihilation by Dachwald, thanks to our army.  An army that happens to be very large and happens to be on both their western and northern borders.  We explained why we had outlawed Smokeless Green in Sogolia—the rampant addiction amongst the riff-raff of society, etc.—and made it clear we did not want Sodorf to become a loading station for drug smugglers, as that would threaten our national security.

“Sodorf got the message and passed the law the same day our king’s missive was delivered there.  We have thousands of troops stationed in Dachwald’s capital, and thus, the passage of a similar law there is guaranteed.

“Now, I realize you are probably wondering what in Kasani this has to do with you.”

“I am,” Hutherton permitted himself to say.

Rochten chuckled warmly.  “What other country borders Dachwald?” he inquired, with a triumphant gleam in his eye.

Hutherton was starting to see what he was getting at, and Rochten seemed to sense it.

“I am afraid that we would view it as a threat to our national security if Selegania were to become a loading station for drug smugglers to ship this substance into Dachwald and Sodorf in contravention of the laws we have requested there.  Do you really think The Land of No Swords would be wise to tempt the wrath of Sogolia—the nation that humbled the mighty Dachwaldians?”

Hutherton felt a bit of a shudder go through him.  He suddenly felt like a very small, weak man in an even smaller, weaker country being browbeaten by one bully after another.  He felt quite uncomfortable with the less-than-oblique threats against his country being made by this ambassador in his own home.

“Haaa!!!” the ambassador shouted out laughing.  “Why the gloomy face?  I thought that would be good news!”

Hutherton still looked less than convinced.

“It would never be stated in so gruff a fashion in diplomatic discourse.  Forgive me for thinking you and I were friends and could speak frankly as such!”  The ambassador suddenly stood, preparing to leave, a fury present in his eyes.

“WAIT!!” Hutherton shouted out, almost sobbing as he did earlier.  “We are friends.  I consider you my most trusted friend.”  

Clear weather moved back into Rochten’s eyes, and if Hutherton had not already been so undone by the day’s events he might have noticed the barely perceptible glint, which would have revealed the pleasure at his carefully calculated words and acts having their intended effect.

Hutherton poured himself a full glass of bourbon and threw it back with several mighty gulps in quick succession.

“I’ve had the worst day of my life!!  I woke up to find the bill I sponsored deemed unconstitutional, and before I could recover from that punch to the gut, I was confronted with the fact that it was accomplished by my worst enemy—an idealistic, effeminate, pencil-necked, four-eyed little coward that I’d KILL if I thought I could get away with it!!” he thundered, then immediately regretted his candor. 

However, the calm in Rochten’s countenance was contagious, and suddenly Hutherton didn’t feel so bad about his candor after all.

“Everything in this world has a solution,” Rochten said calmly, looking deeply into Hutherton’s eyes.

And then Hutherton began to wonder why he had ever doubted Rochten in the slightest.  Was he not the same man who pulled some strings and orchestrated a series of headline-catching crimes that gave Hutherton the momentum he needed to pass this law?  Surely, such a man could rectify the current problem far more easily.

“But is there no option besides a bullying threat couched in the florid language of diplomacy?  Sorry, you said we were friends,” Hutherton stated, laughing.

“Indeed we are,” Rochten said, but his face was sly, something that escaped Hutherton’s notice.  “There are, of course, the courts.  I met with district attorney before stopping here, and he assured me the prosecutor’s office is going to appeal.  In fact, at 6 p.m., the district attorney will be delivering a special address in the senate to discuss the prosecution’s strategy to win this appeal.  Perhaps after another drink, you would do me the honor of accompanying me to hear this speech.”

“They’re going to appeal?” Hutherton said, fearing he had perhaps misheard the ambassador.

“Passionately, I have been told.”

For the first time in what seemed like a century, Hutherton felt optimism.

“Can we skip the drink?!” he asked Rochten excitedly.

“Follow me,” Rochten said, grinning.

Chapter 12

On the trip to the senate in Rochten’s coach, Hutherton felt like an eight-year-old child accompanying his daddy to work, even though it was Hutherton’s place of lawful employment—and unlawful employment, considering that it was where the majority of his votes were sold to the highest bidder—and it was Rochten who should have felt like the guest.

It would perhaps not have been so on any day, but today Hutherton felt like the only power and strength he had in this world were being derived from Rochten, and if Rochten had suddenly decided not to accompany him to the senate, Hutherton might have fled on foot back to his house—perhaps confusing a local constable, who would wonder why a man dressed like he could afford a coach was sprinting down the avenue like a suspicious criminal.

After Rochten’s chauffeur parked, Rochten and Hutherton quitted the carriage and began walking towards the senate.  They were a couple blocks away, and though Hutherton usually hung onto Rochten’s every word, his fear was increasing so exponentially as they neared the senate that he felt rather delirious.  His head was swimming, and while Hutherton’s words were reaching his ears, it seemed as if they had been glued firmly shut.

Suddenly, he noticed a pedestrian approaching them from behind rather swiftly.  The fellow veered right towards Rochten, and he noticed him stick his left hand into Rochten’s right pocket.  Quicker than a rattlesnake strike, Rochten grabbed the young thief’s hand even before it completed its swift exit therefrom with Rochten’s wallet.

Rochten’s cane shot through the crook of his arm, and he yanked the rascal’s thieving hand behind his back.  Hutherton’s ears seemed to have come unglued because he could hear a crunching sound while Rochten compressed the young man’s wrist toward his forearm.  The most terrible scream came out of the young man’s throat, but no sooner had it begun than it was cut off by Rochten’s cane, which whipped around the man’s throat so dexterously that it seemed to be a third arm.  

The man gagged and wheezed in the most pitiful manner for several seconds before his body went limp, at which point Rochten released him rudely, looking like a man who has finally gotten some foul substance out of his hands.  Rochten then slid his wallet back into his front pocket and began to not only resume walking but to resume talking as though the most minor of interruptions had occurred.

Not knowing from where the sudden moral indignation had arisen, Hutherton heard himself saying to Rochten, “You killed him . . . you . . . you killed a man for trying to steal your wallet!”

“Come now, Hutherton,” Rochten said paternally, looking at Hutherton with an expression that seemed to say, You are my friend, but do I have to explain everything to you?  “Killing a man over something so trifling as several thousand falons in a wallet worth thrice that?  What do you take me for . . . a despot?” Rochten asked in a calm, sincere tone.

“But . . . I mean . . . he’s . . . .”

“Merely sleeping.  To properly strangle a man requires far more than a few seconds, and we haven’t the time.  Don’t worry—your dear rascal will be rousing soon enough.  I must tell you, senator, the quality of the pickpockets in your country leaves much to be desired.  They would starve back in my country, I assure you.”

“Well, ambassador, is it so ignominious for one’s country to not have the best pickpockets?”

“Au contraire, I envy you, senator.  For in your country one can truly feel relaxed while walking the streets.”

“And in your country?”

“How do you think I learned my reflexes?” Rochten said, smiling.

“I reckon your countrymen provided you with plenty of opportunities to hone them,” Hutherton said, with an uneasy chuckle.

Growing more serious, Rochten said, “If you do ever find yourself faced with a rascal, remember to use strangulation or break bones.  I remember many years ago I carried a knife with me to feel safe, and when forced to deal with a pickpocket I hit a rather consequential artery.  My clothes were entirely ruined.”  He then began chuckling as if he had told a story about spilling wine on a white suit before an important job interview.

Hutherton stole a look over his shoulder and noticed to his surprise that the young rascal was rousing just as Rochten said he would.  At first, he seemed dazed and lazy, as if he had just woken from a long nap.  Then, as the reality of his broken wrist informed him of the indignity it had just suffered he let out a howl of pain that could have chilled the blood of a cobra.  He abruptly stopped his screaming—perhaps being mindful of the likely presence of police in this area—and began trotting away, cursing under his breath in agony.

As they approached the senate steps, Hutherton noticed in horror there was a huge crowd of people already starting to make their way into the senate.  

“I will permit you the honor of my guest chair,” Hutherton said confidently, referring to the chair each senator had to his right, reserved permanently for any important personage a senator thought it fitting to bring to the senate.

“Well, much obliged to you, senator,” Rochten said warmly, and Hutherton began to feel a little hint of confidence returning to him, albeit small.

As Hutherton and Rochten made their way to their seats, Hutherton almost lost the small boost in confidence after he noticed the eyes of one person after another turn in his direction as though he held a powerful magnet in them.  However, though wary of wishful thinking, it seemed most of the people’s eyes expressed a feeling of sympathy or perhaps even respect.

Could I be lionized as an underdog? he asked himself.

Once he and Rochten were seated, there was little additional conversation between the two men, as most of the time before the district attorney’s speech was taken up with a lot of glad-handing.  Hutherton was not overly surprised that Rochten seemed to know a lot of the senators in attendance that evening, but he was surprised by the staggering number.  Hutherton began to wonder if to Rochten there was a stranger amongst them.

“Order!  Order!”

It was President Beldenshire himself.  He rarely gave speeches, and his presence tonight was quite a surprise.  

“Tonight,” he began, “District Attorney Ralph Hannensehn will be giving a special announcement concerning the recent SISA decision.  Without further ado . . . .”  

As Mr. Hannensehn—a large, imposing man who could have forgivably been mistaken for an upscale bodyguard—surveyed the audience, there was almost complete silence.  The most trivial clearing of a throat or even adjustment of one’s sitting position seemed to reverberate throughout the senate with the same force only a loud shout would on other occasions.

Finally, he began to speak.  “Let’s get one thing clear.  ONE thing.  SISA’s here to stay.”  He had the look of a man who was daring anyone in the audience to stand up and beg to differ so that he could lay them out once and for all with an overhand right.

“Now,” he continued, with great dramatic zeal in his voice, “what happened yesterday was the result of one thing and ONE thing only.  It wasn’t about the law.  It was about ineffective assistance of counsel.  An EX-deputy prosecutor fell asleep at the switch.  If he had let his supervising attorney know a constitutional challenge had been made to a law of this republic, this would have gone straight to my desk, and I would have made SURE that the best team in the prosecutor’s office was assembled to PASSIONATELY represent this republic in court.

“Gentlemen,” he continued, his voice softening to a quiet, conversational tone, “within the week we will appeal.  I already have twenty of the best prosecutors assembled into a formidable team, and they’re gathering the necessary facts and legal arguments to show that this drug IS a poison and does not belong on our streets.  We will show it is thus EXEMPT from the general Article 8 proscription on substance prohibitions.

“Now I want a take a moment to talk to the law enforcement folks in the room.  My message is simple:  Keep arresting Smokeless Green users and sellers.  Tomorrow we will file a motion for a stay of the district court’s decision during the pendency of our upcoming appeal.  In plain Seleganian that means, ‘Put this judge’s decision on hold; the fight ain’t over.’”

This prompted a few claps and whoops from the audience.

“Now, I want to have a little powwow with the press,” he said, an evil grin on his face.  “The judge’s decision, in my opinion, has a lot to do with your slanted reporting on this whole matter.  You make it sound like Smokeless Green is some kind of joke.  Well, let me tell you, there are people so addicted to this stuff, they are carrying out daylight robberies, prostituting themselves, breaking into houses, and, oh yeah, people have died.  Not just in these crimes but in the crime itself of using SG, as we sometimes refer to it here at the prosecutor’s office.

“That’s right.  DIED!!!  I’m talking heart attacks, strokes.  The blood of these people is partly on your hands, for you have trivialized this substance!” he said waving his hand like a schoolmaster lambasting a naughty class.

“Now, a word for the senate.  Half the reason the press is having such a field day with this is because of the lack of arrests.  Let me be clear—that’s not the fault of our fine officers.  It’s a money issue.  We don’t have enough officers to tackle this crime wave.  We need more.  Many more!”  This brought cheering.

“Lastly, I address you all as Seleganians.  This drug IS a poison.  It can threaten the very fabric of our society because those who are addicted to it will do whatever it takes to get their next dose.  We are on the verge of a crime wave few of you can even imagine.  We must not, cannot, and WILL not let that happen.  Though I do not think it will be necessary, I call on this senate to repeal Article 8 should that be required to end this scourge to our republic!!!”

District Attorney Hannensehn then walked promptly off the stage while the audience roared in exaltation.

Hutherton noticed for the first time that Old Squirrelly was here, and he felt a surge in confidence as he looked at Squirrelly’s face.  He was convinced that it was now Squirrelly experiencing what he had felt this morning.

Hutherton stopped at the Gentlemen of Selegania Club for two hours and three ladies before finally arriving home that night, feeling as renewed and reinvigorated as he had been demoralized earlier, and before he fell asleep that night, he realized his instinct that morning had been right all along.  It was a good day.

Chapter 13

Righty Rick was glad for a change of pace at the junkyard.  He had showed up ready to slice and dice but was more than relieved when Tats and Spider approached him with $180,000 and no excuses, just as Righty had instructed.

Righty didn’t disappoint them either.  He pulled out twenty pounds of product and then said casually, “Are we doing consignment again?”

“How about fifty-fifty,” Tats responded.  “Here’s a hundred thou.”

“Can you move it by tomorrow same time?”

“Consider it done.”

Righty handed him the twenty pounds and then said, “Walk with me, would you?”

They began walking away from the others, and once it seemed they were out of earshot, Righty said furtively to Tats:  “How did it all go?”

“It sold fast obviously.  We had a few run-ins with some of Sam’s bunch, but nothing major.  It’s only a matter of time though.  To move the amount of product you’re giving us, we’re gonna have to step outside our territory just a little bit.”

“Outside your territory?  How do you figure?”

“Well, there just aren’t enough buyers in our territory to get rid of twenty pounds a day.  In fact, there had been an untapped demand building up for a while, which is why we were able to get rid of that last twenty pounds mostly inside our territory.  But to turn around and move twenty pounds again right away . . . we’re gonna have to put our little toesies into Sam’s backyard.”

“Well, what gave you the idea it was Sam’s backyard?  Did he buy it from the prior owners?”

Tats would have slapped any similar man asking such a question, but he could detect the combination of mild sarcasm and encouragement for Tats to think boldly.

“He got it by cutting the throat, bashing the brains out, or strangling the life out of any seller in that area who didn’t leave after being given a friendly warning.  So, yes, in street speak, he bought it.”

Tats paused.  “Look, I see what you’re saying, Mr. Brass:  ‘Think big . . . go get ‘em.  And please don’t take this the wrong way, but you would lead a lot better from the front.  We put our lives slightly on the line yesterday moving this, and we’re going to be really putting them on the line tonight.  The fellas would like to see you out there with us, especially at this stage.  There’s a vacuum for leadership right now.  

“Everyone knows when they’re dealing with you they need to do things right, but it’s still not clear yet whether you’re wanting to just show up and sell to us or whether you’re wanting to get a group together, a group that you lead.  To do that, you’re gonna have to do a little more than show up with product and leave.  You need to see what our routes are, who we move the product to.  And, above all, the guys need to see you right out there with them as they start moving into Sam’s territory.

“Believe me, with you at their side, they’ll venture as far as you tell them.  I’m crazy enough to keep pushing into Sam’s territory even without you because I want the money and don’t expect to live all that long anyway.  But most of the other guys, without a strong leader, are already nearing the edge of their comfort zones.”

“Tats, you talk differently when you’re around me.  Why?”

Tats blushed, surprised by the rapid change in conversation.  “I read from time to time.  But, you know, it’s not exactly something most of the gang would consider very macho.”

“Well, it can impress the right people.  And the right people are the ones that matter.  Your fists and your sword will take care of the other kind.”

“Well,” Tats began, “I’ve learned a thing or two about fighting on the streets, but I’m afraid we don’t all have the skills you have in that area, Mr. Brass.  Not by a long shot.”

An awkward pause ensued.

“Would you teach me?” Tats asked, his face looking embarrassed as soon as the question left his mouth.

Righty paused for a long moment.  “There was a time when I would have preferred you not know how to fight, given that we went to blows in our first introduction.  But I’ve thought a lot about what you told me last time, and I realize this ragtag group of junkyard hoods is going to have to morph into something bigger and better, or it’s going to go extinct entirely, which would mean the end of my involvement in this business entirely.  If this Heavy Sam fellow is anything like what you say, he wouldn’t have any use for some freelance operator like me.

“The law of the jungle’s harsh, but that doesn’t make it any less the law.  It’s him or us, which means there has to be an us.  And I can tell you’re right—this group needs leadership.  It wasn’t something I initially wanted, but I’m the best man for it, and so it’s got to be done.  I’ll be here tonight at 9 p.m.

“Tats, if you do things right, I’ll teach you how to fight and soon.  I’ll also teach the others that convince me they’re loyal.”

“This is gonna be awesome!” Tats said, unable to hide his glee, but then he quickly grew serious again.

“Tats, just one more thing, but don’t let it go to your head.  You’ve got guts, and I like you.  Sometimes I feel like you’re the son I wish I had.  If you ever betray me, I’ll be exceptionally severe because I would take it personally.”

Tats managed to block the gulp that tried to force its way down his throat, but the effort strained his throat considerably.  He had never even known his father.  From what he had heard from his mother, he had beaten her on a regular basis until one day—while she was pregnant with David, not yet known as Tats—she had decided enough was enough and slit his throat while he lay in a drunken stupor.

“Never, Mr. Brass.”

To Righty’s surprise, he found the words convincing.


After Righty was comfortably out of view of anyone in the junkyard, he whistled softly and waited for the gust of air on his back that would signify Harold’s arrival.

It came promptly, as predictable as the law of gravity.

Once they were soaring high above the fields below, Righty told Harold:  “You’re going to enjoy today.  It’s going to be busy and dangerous.”  Righty then wondered if he was speaking about it so matter-of-factly to try to hide the nervousness currently gnawing at his stomach.

“Well, I know it’s going to get busy and dangerous, but I thought that wasn’t until 9 p.m.,” Harold replied.

“I don’t know if I’ll ever grow fully accustomed to your power of hearing.  I’m just glad you’re on my side,” Righty responded laughing.  “Don’t worry—I’ve got some tasks lined up for us before then.  Let’s go to The Garden.”

Once they got there, Righty told him:  “I’ve been doing some thinking, and I just don’t feel comfortable with all these plants being here anymore.  First, it’s only a matter of time before someone in Sivingdel finds out that I live in Ringsetter, and once they do that it will only be a matter of time before they find this garden.  Also, it’s just not big enough anymore.  Not for what I’ve got in mind.”

He could tell Harold’s interest was complete.

“What’s the primary barrier between the ordinary man’s desire and the fulfillment of that desire?” Righty asked.

“Money.”

“You’re learning our ways rather quickly, my friend,” Righty said, laughing.  “It just so happens that that barrier has ceased to exist for me for some things, and with time both you and I may be surprised at what few gaps remain.

“Right now, what I want is a ranch.  A huge, spacious ranch.  No access by wagon or stagecoach.  Difficult to access even by horse.  Far from civilization.  Yet with rich, fertile soil.”

Righty paused.  “Any places in mind?”

“To the last detail,” Harold responded.

“Well, then I guess I’m going to be at a bit of a disadvantage with the current owner, seeing that I’m going to have to throw money at him until he can’t say no.”

Chapter 14

“Woooo,” Chris Wilkins told his horse, nudging it to a standstill.

Up ahead, walking towards him was a man wearing a coat fit for a blizzard walking up the path towards his house on what, at most, could be described as a mildly cool day.  Mr. Wilkins himself was quite comfortable with his boots, pants, and a short-sleeve shirt, and he had no idea what in hell this man was doing on his ranch.

He pulled out a long knife and rested it comfortably on his lap, not attempting to conceal it from the view of the strange guest.  He had always been a believer that a show of force could obviate the need for force.

“Help you with somethin’, friend?”

“Good afternoon to you, sir.  My name is Richard Franklin Simmers.”  He extended his hand, but when he noticed no reciprocity he calmly put it back at his side.

“I’m looking to buy some land, and I came here to see if there’s any chance you would be willing to part with this ranch.”

“Nope.  Can’t say that I am.  It’s been in the family for quite a few generations.”

“Well, I can understand that.”

Mr. Wilkins would have felt glad upon hearing that, if not for the fact he suspected the conversation wasn’t quite over.

“Seeing that I’ve come a long way, I don’t suppose I could bother you with one small inquiry . . . .”

“Shoot,” Mr. Wilkins responded, hoping to communicate that Mr. Richard Franklin Simmers was free to ask but not necessarily entitled to a response.

“Well, suppose I were to come across another fellow with a ranch about like this one, and supposing he was willing to at least entertain the idea of selling, what do you think would be the lowest I could offer to show I can dicker, yet without offering insult?”

“I suppose if you were to start at a million falons you wouldn’t insult the man, but you’d have to be ready to work your way up a tick or two.”

“Well, suppose I were to just go to the other extreme and offer two million falons right there on the spot . . . do you think that would just about seal the deal and show I’m a fool?”

Mr. Wilkins was starting to sense the hypothetical was about to become actual very soon, but there was something about the man that put him at ease, in spite of his persistence.

“I suppose that would depend on how deep his roots were.”

“Fair enough, but in this hypothetical the man is at least willing to entertain the idea of selling,” Mr. Simmers said, with the faintest hint of slyness in his eyes, “so they can’t be that deep.”

“I would say such a man, without deep roots, would probably take the two million falons before you changed your mind.  Now, not meaning to be rude, sir, but I have cattle that need rounded up, so if there’s something you have to inquire about besides business negotiations, please tell me now because I have things to tend to.”

“Well, I’m offering two million,” Mr. Simmers said.

With slight irritation in his voice, Mr. Wilkins responded, “Deep roots, sir.  Deep.”

“Four.”

Now this got Mr. Wilkins’ attention.  The fact of the matter was that, deep roots notwithstanding, he was getting on a bit in age.  Furthermore, he had all but given up on the idea of any of his seven, good-for-nothing sons ever helping him work this land.  He and his brothers had practically bitten each other’s throats vying for the largest share when their dad was on his deathbed preparing his will.  All his life he had toiled on this land, and he had had some good years too.  He was the last of the Wilkins in these parts, his brothers having already kicked the bucket.

He used a substantial portion of the money from those good years to send his kids one by one to the best private colleges in the country—always thinking that they would ultimately come back and one way or another use their knowledge to run the ranch even more efficiently and carry on the Wilkins tradition.  But most had gone off into business in Selgen or Sivingdel, doing every kind of business on Kasani’s green earth except ranch-based.  Hell, he thought at least one of them would come back just out of spite to show the other brothers he was the most loyal to the family tradition.

Nope!  That had been a vain hope.  One of his two daughters had gotten married and moved away, and he suspected his nineteen-year-old Susan would be whisked away soon enough by that persistent suitor Frank stopping by the ranch like a bee at a flower.  She helped with a few things but couldn’t handle the really heavy stuff.  All his real help was hired.  Roots may run deep, but the branches and trunk may rot nonetheless.  As much as he hated to admit it to himself, he was beginning to see this man as a bit of a godsend.

He felt like it had just taken this proposition for him to take the blinders off.  Hell, he could sell this hassle of a ranch with the money this guy was offering, buy something much smaller that he could handle by himself, and then when he died it would be too small for his sons to pillage much from.

“Sir?”

Mr. Wilkins was surprised to find he must have been quiet for longer than he realized.

“I’ll tell you what, sir—I’m not the kind of man to start negotiating with clouds in the sky.  And until I see that kind of money, or a cashier’s check for that amount, in your hand, for all I’m concerned, you’re offering big, white puffy clouds I’ll never be able to touch.  Now, I tell you what, if you come back here before 6 p.m. tomorrow with that amount in cash or with a cashier’s check for that amount, then we can talk further.  Until then, I kindly bid you farewell.”

A smile played at Mr. Simmer’s lips, as he slowly began to open his coat.  There, taped inside, one bundle after another of falons was fastened.  And before he had a chance to ask himself if what he thought was there was indeed there, Mr. Simmers removed one of the bundles and tossed it to him.

“There are twenty bundles of $200,000 each.  That’s four million in total.”

Mr. Wilkins found his knife a rather convenient item as he took it from his lap—something that did not escape Mr. Simmer’s attention—and sliced open the bundle.  Sure enough, crisp $1,000 falon bills were there.  A quick shuffle through them revealed there were no inferior bills hiding amongst rich siblings.

“Now, I’ll be honest with you, Mr. . . . ?”

“Wilkins,” he said, feeling embarrassed he hadn’t introduced himself even after being given the man’s full name.

“Mr. Wilkins, I like your ranch.  I really do.  I guess I’m not the best at dickering, but I know what I want when I see it.  And I want your ranch.  On the other hand, it’s not exactly the only ranch in the country.  Now, if you’re ready to talk serious business, let’s do so.  If not, then I’ll kindly have that bundle back, and I’ll be out of your hair.  But if I walk ten paces before you say ‘sold,’ then we’ll have to start negotiating from scratch, and I don’t think we’ll make it quite back up to four million again.”

Mr. Wilkins realized he was outdone.  The guy had figured out something was wrong with those precious roots, and furthermore he was still willing to buy the land for at least double what it was worth.  He wasn’t sure what made the man so desperate, but he knew one thing—better to take his money before he changed his mind.

“I’ll need to count every last falon you’ve got with you before you even take a peek at the deed.”

“Fair enough.  I’ve got a condition of my own.  I take physical possession in one week.  I don’t want to be standing over your shoulder watching you unload.  I come back here at the same time in one week, and whatever’s here is mine.  Any structure or fixture on the site stays.  But you can take all personal property—including cattle, other livestock, farm equipment, etc.—with you.”

“Could we take a step inside?” Mr. Wilkins offered. 

Chapter 15

“I hope you had a good reason for picking that ranch,” Righty told Harold as they soared high above the clouds.  “I’ve only got a million left.”

“The entire area is difficult to access.  One windy dirt road over merciless terrain leads to a series of ranches.  The one you now own is at the very end of all of those.  All of the ranches have mountains to the north, and your ranch is bordered not only by those mountains but also by mountains to the west.  Thus, there is no way for any land-based creature to approach your ranch from within Selegania other than by a long, tiresome journey from the east.  We’re headed back to The Garden now.”

Righty looked down and saw huge mountains with cruel, jagged rock faces that would test the valor and skill of the most able-bodied mountaineer and found himself immensely grateful for Harold.  In his right pocket was the signed deed granting fee simple absolute title to him, and he had checked the county recorder’s office before heading there and had discovered Christopher Wilkins had free and clear title to the land.

About an hour later they arrived at The Garden.  

“Well, Harold, I promised you we would have a busy day, and I can assure you it’s far from over.  I guess you already overheard me talking to Tats, but in case you missed anything I’ll be having a rather dangerous night.  I’m gonna need you to watch my back closer than ever tonight, Harold.  I’ve got a bad feeling.  A really bad feeling.  But it’s got to be done.  Don’t be shy about coming down from the sky and giving a little back up if things get hot.

“Nighttime will actually make you more of a benefit than ever because if you have to strike, no one will even know what hit them.  That being said, try to be discreet if possible.  The longer I can keep you a secret weapon, the deadlier you’ll be, and the safer we’ll both be.”

Righty saw a gleam in Harold’s eyes unlike ever before.  He looked like a kid who had just been told he would be getting the ten birthday presents of his choice, no exceptions.

“Well, it’s been a while since I’ve tended to my store.  I guess I better go see to it.  After that, I’m gonna take a long nap and get ready for tonight.  I’ll  meet you here at 8 p.m.”


From about 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Righty slept with the dead.  But though he slept soundly, it was not a pleasant sleep.  A deep fear pervaded even his sleep, and when he awoke he felt as nervous as a teenager about to go on his first date.  Things had been getting a little icy with Janie, and she offered no line of interrogation when he briefly told her that he was going to go crunch some numbers at the store.  

He knew he was going to have some serious making up to do with her soon if he wanted to prevent things going from bad to worse, but as of right now he had far more pressing matters on his mind.

By 8:10 p.m. he was at The Garden, where Harold was patiently waiting.  Harold’s sense of smell afforded him a panoramic insight into the emotions and thoughts of a man, perhaps surpassing that man’s understanding of himself.  He sensed Righty’s unease before he was even fully in view, although Harold’s eyes offered him a crisp view of the dark milieu that would make a cat seem night-blind.

Harold was never big on words—much less platitudinous ones—so he offered no encouragement.  Secretly, however, he was excited by Righty’s apprehensiveness, for it likely meant an increased likelihood Harold would be more than a mere spectator tonight.  Almost as if Righty were reading Harold’s mind, he discussed rules of engagement with him, and while there was no considerable change here, it seemed to Harold that Righty was emphasizing those scenarios in which he could intervene with the severest of force, rather than those situations in which he was to remain invisible in the sky above.  

Harold found this choice of emphasis to be an indirect authorization to attack liberally.

He noticed Righty’s apprehensiveness decline significantly as they neared the destination outside the junkyard, though Harold sensed it was the result of a considerable conscious effort on Righty’s part, rather than any recalculation he had done on the likelihood of encountering danger that evening.  Harold was able to drop Righty off far closer to the junkyard than normal, due to the generous privacy provided by the blackness of night.

It was about 8:45 p.m. when Righty strode into the junkyard meeting location.  At first a couple of the toughs jumped up from their seats nervously, as if expecting trouble, but Righty quickly calmed them by identifying himself.  There were about thirty of them, and they were gathered around a large fire.

Tats approached first.

“We moved five pounds already today, but the real action’s gonna be tonight, Mr. Brass.”

“Sounds good, Tats.  First, I’d like a word with your crew.”

Tats nodded solemnly.

“All right listen up,” Righty began in an authoritative, yet not overbearing voice.  “Tats here says you lack leadership.  He says you’re getting squeezed by Heavy Sam.  He says more than one of you thinks I’d be the right man for the job.  So, let’s get a couple things clear.  When I first started doing this, I wanted three things:  money, more money, and still more money.  Heading up a new organization was the last thing on my mind.  But push has come to shove.  Tats tells me all of our days of doing business are numbered because of Heavy Sam, and he says that for you to push back you’re gonna need someone you can get behind.

“I don’t want to work with anyone who doesn’t want to work with me.  And I don’t want to lead anyone who doesn’t want me to lead.  But the time has come to choose sides.  I trust Tats on what he tells me about the situation, so that means I’m going to lead Tats and whoever’s part of his crew.  But as of right now, to be part of Tats’ crew means you understand you answer to me and that I call the shots, period.  If that doesn’t sound good to any of you, then as of right now you’re no longer part of Tats’ crew and might want to tread carefully around here.

“So, it’s time for a show of hands.  Who wants to be part of my crew, with Tats second in command and Spider third in command?”

Everyone raised their hands, including an ugly fellow that caught Righty’s eye even in the faint detail permitted by the flicker of the flame in the merciless darkness.  It looked like this guy had gotten into one hell of a scrape or had one clumsy barber because there were scars all over his face.

Righty then went around to each young tough and shook his hand while looking them right in their eyes and showing he meant business.

“I’m glad we’ve got that all worked out.  Now, what separates a successful leader from a failure is the humility to admit when it is he who has to learn from his workers.  And tonight that means you are going to be teaching me how the ground-level operations work.”

Each of the young toughs either nodded his head slightly or gave a look of understanding with his fierce eyes.

“My job,” Righty continued, “ is to watch and learn, make contacts, and, most importantly, provide a strong presence in case we get hassled by any of Sam’s goons.  Now, one thing I want to make clear is that I’m not looking to go to war with Sam.  Not just yet anyway.  Our goal is going to be taking back any territory that you guys have lost from . . . and fast.  Once that’s been done, we can negotiate from a position of strength.  It might not be in our best interests to go to war with him, especially considering that right now we’re small and weak compared to him.

“Any questions?”

One by one each tough either shook his head while looking at Righty or shrugged his shoulders while looking at his peers to see if any of them had questions.

“All right, let’s do this.  Tats will assign you into groups, and I’m going to be with Tats.”

Tats then started giving each of them instructions, and they all scampered off into the darkness, looking like wolves setting off on the hunt.  There were three groups total, each with five pounds to move.

To Righty’s surprise, things ran so smoothly he felt a bit foolish for his prior anxiety.  Righty accompanied Tats to one location after another for a quick introduction, an exchange of Green for green falons, and then they were on their way to the next.  He felt a bit like an intern being led around a large warehouse on orientation day.  He soon learned that Tats apparently did no business with end users but rather with a series of small retailers.  

Most of these were small business owners—barbers, accountants, even doctors—who had apparently decided supplementing their income by offering more than their normal services to their clients was a good idea.  But there was another type.  These men were not accountants or doctors supplementing their income.  They had hard, steely eyes and earned their living exclusively off of criminal activity.  Righty could always differentiate these types immediately based on their bearing, but their type classification was further confirmed by Tats’ introduction of them via their street names.

Whereas the part-timers often seemed nervous and apprehensive of Righty, the full-time club was a different story.  Their savage eyes seemed to bore into Righty, looking for a sign of weakness or hostile intention.  Righty always met their hard stares full on with his own, shaking their hands confidently after Tats gave the necessary introduction.  Most of them seemed to be put at ease, relatively speaking, by the time each encounter was over.

At one point, Righty, perhaps feeling a bit over-confident, told Tats, “I thought you said this was dangerous,” laughing slightly.

“Believe it or not, the most likely place for trouble is at the end of the line.  That’s where people are selling a gram here, a gram there in bars, pool halls, street corners, you name it.  At the wholesale level, problems occur less frequently, but when they do, it tends to be nastier because more money is on the line.”

Righty had enough years of experience in the bar scene not to need any additional education on the matter.  The thought of two knuckleheads pounding each other’s face in over a gram of Smokeless Green was about as hard for him to imagine as two stars in a dark sky.  He had seen it happen more than three hundred times over a bad look, a spilled drink, or just for the hell of it, so with a pricy product like Smokeless Green thrown into the mix it seemed little surprise.

Towards the end of the night, Tats expressed frustration that they still had two pounds to move.  Just then, Righty turned around uneasily as he heard someone approaching rather quickly.

“It’s cool,” Tats reassured him.

“It’s just Stitches.”

Righty liked the ugly punk even less now that he got a better look at him in the reflection of a street lamp.  

“Hey, fellas, I gots a problem.  I’s got one pound left to sell with my crew, but the dude says he needs at least two to make it worth his time.”

“Where’s he at?” Tats asked.

“Follow me,” Stiches said, grinning.

Righty felt uneasy about the whole thing, but he was supposed to be there to encourage bold action, so telling Tats to call the whole thing off because his ugly friend was giving him the creeps didn’t quite feel like it would be a consistent message.

A couple blocks later, it seemed Tats’ anxiety had been triggered as well:  “Yo, Stitches.  We passed Heavy’s border like three blocks ago, and you’re still movin’.”

“Do you wants to sell it, or don’t ya?” Stitches asked, in an almost mocking tone.

Righty once again felt himself unable to announce his concerns, as he had come there to put on a presence of force.  Then, he thought he had the perfect face-saving solution:  “Stitches, I said tonight we weren’t trying to start a war with Heavy Sam, just get back lost territory.”

Tats turned to him meekly, realizing he was going to have to take Stitches’ side on this one.  “Mr. Brass, not only did this used to be our territory, but it used to extend another five blocks ahead.”

Righty knew he was outdone now and wished he had kept his trap shut.  He was starting to feel like he had gotten in over his head.  It dawned on him that the danger the lone individual can withdraw from while facing only the jeers of his own mind later is the danger a leader must confront on a stage where his subordinates are both his audience and judges.  He felt like he had already shown a contemptible level of weakness in just this brief exchange and wondered what its repercussions might be. 

“Down this way,” Stitches said with a calm Righty was beginning to find too calm.

Is this ugly little runt a good actor or just plain stupid? Righty asked himself.

But Tats seemed calm too, and Righty felt he had little choice but to follow as the three of them began walking down the dark alley.

When they got to the end of the alley, Righty saw Stitches approach a door and start knocking on it.

“Yo, what the hell?  He told me, ‘Be back in twenty.’  And here we are not more than twenty minutes later.  All right, you wait here; let me go check and see if he stopped at the bar around the corner to get a drink.”

Stitches had barely stated these words before he began walking back towards the entrance of the dead-end alley.  Then, he was trotting.  “Yo, I’ll be right back!” he said.

Before Stitches even reached the end of the alley, Righty saw what looked like a small army starting to enter.  One of the men grabbed Stitches roughly by the arm and then suddenly let him go.  The men continued to pour into the alley.  

“Looks like my leadership of this organization will go down in the history books as rather short-lived,” Righty said to Tats, but the humor fell flat.  Both were scared stiff.

“Carrying anything heavy?” Righty asked Tats.

Tats showed him a dagger in one hand and a decent-size club in his other.

“Now you listen to me reeeal good.  Get down.  Hide.  Don’t come to my aid unless you see me getting trounced bad.  Then, hit ‘em from behind with all you’ve got and make it count.”

“But Mr.—”

“Don’t argue.  You said you wanted a boss, right?!”

Tats got down.

Righty began walking towards the group.  No more men were filing into the alley, and it seemed there were around twenty heads.

“It’s good to see you came back from the bar.  I was beginning to think I had brought those three pounds here all by myself for nothing!”

Silence.

The men continued marching towards him.

A strange calm descended upon Righty, as he realized the situation was black and white.  Stitches had set him up, and he was going to have to kill every last one of these men or send them packing . . . or be killed.

At the subconscious level, his mind shifted towards Janie, who was probably at home right now worrying whether he was back at the bar or screwing around with some floozy, never the thought entering her mind that he was twelve hours away by coach in one of the most dangerous areas of Sivingdel about to meet his maker.

What a stupid, selfish ass I am!! 

The thought dawned on him that he could be at home making sweet love to his wife rather than nearing his end with a group of wolf-like savages.

But nonetheless, an odd calm persisted in his mind.  A calm that he realized was like a thin lid on top of a boiling cauldron of adrenaline and anxiety just waiting to go shooting out the top in about fifty different directions.

He calmly pulled his weapon out of the scabbard on his back.

“Hahahaha,” one of the men laughed.

They were about thirty feet away.

“They said this guy had a sword.  All I see is a knife!”

Several of them giggled.

Righty thought he detected a bit of subservience in their giggles, and he noticed the joker was walking just slightly ahead of the others.  They were carrying clubs, chains, broken bottles, daggers, and it looked like a few of them in the back had swords.

Suddenly, Righty began charging in a full sprint.  This brought them to a screeching halt, as if they could not quite come to grips with what this lunatic was doing.  Did he have an army hidden somewhere behind him?

Righty released the lever on his weapon, and in less than half a second ten inches of steel became six feet.

“CRAAAPP!!!” the joker shouted.

Righty brought the sword high over his head and brought it crashing down into the middle of the joker’s skull like an ax against wood on a chopping block.  

Less than half a second later it had made its way down to the man’s lungs, and Righty quickly pulled the sword out and began a dizzying series of turns, swinging the sword around him in so rapid a manner it seemed to foretell the later invention of the propeller.

He had practiced this move relentlessly from the moment Pitkins had shown it to him three months ago.  Pitkins had cautioned him that this had little practicality in a one-on-one match against a highly skilled opponent but that if he ever found himself hopelessly outnumbered it would be his only realistic chance of inflicting damage while preventing himself from being fatally encircled and overwhelmed.

He had stumbled over and over during his first month of practicing it, as it required so many spins, special footwork, and alternating the sword from one hand to the other.  His blade made contact one by one with his enemies, and within seconds he was disemboweling stomachs, cutting off legs, and lopping off heads.  

Once he noticed that his enemies were beginning to keep their distance, he stopped spinning, realizing that he could only do that maneuver so long before he would fall to the ground and look up helplessly at a spinning sky while his enemies slashed him into tiny pieces.

He took a quick tally of the dead and wounded, and he saw ten men down.  Most looked dead, but a few were still moving, clutching their disemboweled stomachs or the bleeding stumps where there were once legs.

Unfortunately, the ten men still standing seemed all too healthy and full of fight.

“Sam will kill us if we fail.  It’s him or us, boys,” one of the men said.  “He’s got no chance, you hear.  Surround him and kill him.”

He noticed that he was already surrounded, so it seemed the point had been to keep him surrounded.

He now saw for sure that three of them did have swords.  One of them came forward in a huge downward chop.  Righty moved quickly towards the man at a left angle and brought the sword hard against his guts, slicing the man cleanly in half.

He turned around in time to see another man bringing his sword down towards his midsection—perhaps in a tit-for-tat spirit.  Righty swiveled his body towards the blow, bringing his sword upwards towards the man’s sword arm.  He cleaved off the man’s forearm, and his sword fell harmlessly to the ground.  Righty quickly brought his sword hard to his right in a horizontal fashion, slicing off the man’s head easier than if it were a carrot top.

“Behind you, Red!!!” one of the men shouted.

Righty swiveled around to see Tats grappling with a man.  Tats had grabbed him by the waist with his left arm and brought his knife to his throat with his right hand.  He saw the man still had a club raised over his head at the very moment that Tats brought his dagger across the man’s throat, creating a river of blood.

Righty knew instantly the man would have smashed his brains in if Tats hadn’t sliced him from ear to ear first, but he had no time to dwell on the subject.  He turned back around to see a sword coming at him in a straight thrust.  He swiveled towards it and hit it with so much force that it went flying out of the man’s hands.  Righty then stooped low and sliced both of his legs off at the knees.

“BEHIND YOU!!!” Tats yelled.

There was a man coming at him with a broken bottle.  Righty feigned an overhead attack but at the last minute swiveled his wrists and brought the sword down in a diagonal thrust, poking it right through the man’s heart as though it were an arrow shot from a longbow.  

Righty then saw three of the men were lunging towards Tats, and in fact he saw a club make contact with the side of Tats’ outstretched left forearm, which sacrificially blocked the blow intended for his head.  A loud crack could be heard as the club made contact, followed by a yelp of pain from Tats.

Righty thrust his sword directly into the man’s heart from behind, and as he pulled the blade out he swiveled around in a full circle, slicing one man in half and deeply gouging out a chunk of midsection from the other.  Righty saw Tats’ dagger go plunging through the man’s throat.

“LOOK OUT!!” Tats yelled.

SMASHHHH!!!

A bottle was broken over the side of Righty’s head, which was covered by a hood.  The hood prevented him from getting cut, but the impact still sent him reeling backward and onto his backside.

The man prepared to come down on top of Righty with the bottle, but Righty quickly stuck his sword up and the man fell on top of it.  It went through the man’s stomach, and though he let out a yelp of pain, he was not out of fight yet.  He started to try to bite Righty’s ear, but this wasn’t Righty’s first encounter with a biter.  Years of barroom brawling immediately presented themselves as useful.

He stuck his left index finger into the man’s right eye and pushed him away with it.  The man started screaming and holding his eye like a wounded hyena.  Righty then grabbed the man by both ears and pulled him into a vicious head butt that squashed his nose.  Righty then pushed him to the side and quickly regained his feet.  To his horror he saw that the man was now pulling Righty’s sword out of his midsection, and there was a fire in his left eye—his right eye was squeezed tightly shut in agony—that informed Righty there was going to be hell to pay.

Righty was about to give him a punch to the jaw, but he saw Tats’ club come crashing down onto the man’s skull.  He saw the guy’s eyes cross for a second, but Righty wasn’t taking any chances.  He delivered a stiff overhand right to the guy’s jaw that sent him reeling backwards.  He then quickly pulled his sword out of the man’s midsection, making sure to slice it sideways while he did so.

“BEHIND YOU!!!” Tats yelled.

Righty spun around with the sword but missed the man’s stomach by mere inches.

There was terror in the man’s eyes.  He knew he was beaten.

He turned tail and ran.

Righty didn’t feel like chasing the guy down.  His head was starting to ache from where he had been smashed over the head with the broken bottle, and he was tired as hell from all the fighting.  Plus, the guy already had a ten-pace head start on him.

Nonetheless, this guy wasn’t going to get away if he had any say in the matter.

And, as a matter of fact, he did.

“Take him, Harold,” he said so softly that not even Tats heard him ten feet behind him.

The man was running frantically and had almost reached the end of the alley when he suddenly tripped over one of his fallen comrades and went flying headfirst into the ground.

“HELLL!!!!” he screamed.

No sooner had he stood however than he went shooting off into the night sky, his screams fading quickly into nothing.

“Smash him on top of the others,” Righty said calmly.

“You say somethin’, Mr. Brass?” Tats asked.

Righty didn’t respond.

All of a sudden, a body went crashing down into the middle of the alley.

“CRAP!!  What was that?” Tats asked, alarmed.

“Nothing,” Righty responded.  “Let’s get the hell out of here.”

Tats offered no argument to that, but before they had made it halfway down the alley, they heard, “POLICE!!!  HALT!!!”

Righty’s blood turned cold.  He had already been starting to think of the comforting warmth Janie’s embrace would offer after this hellish ordeal, but now he realized he just might be spending the rest of his life in prison, something it now occurred to him he had given unjustifiably little thought to as of late.

“Harold, get me the hell out of here!!” he said, much louder than he had called Harold before, and Tats looked at him strangely.

Righty began sprinting towards the end of the alleyway.

“There’s no way out that way, Mr. Brass!!  Trust me—I grew up on these streets!”

Tats’ words fell on deaf ears as Righty went sprinting down the street towards the end of the alleyway.  As he heard the words again “POLICE!!  FREEZE!!!” he then raised his own voice.

“HAROLD!!  FOR KASANI’S SAKE!!!!”  

Then he felt talons grasp his arms—somewhat gingerly at first, but then firmly once they had found a grip that would not puncture his flesh.  And then he was feeling the cool night breeze whip across his face.

Suddenly, he felt himself being thrown up into the air, and he nearly vomited as he went spinning about wildly.  Then, his nausea was overcome by terror, as he felt himself start to descend.  Abruptly, however, he found himself land right onto Harold’s back, who had skillfully maneuvered himself into position.  He nearly bounced off but managed to grab on tight to Harold’s feathers.

No sooner did he feel the euphoria of having escaped first death and then arrest than he felt the agony of a certain realization.  Tats was down there.  Such decisions are made not with the benefit of careful reflection but with the lightning strike of the gut and reveal so truly the character of a man that he himself becomes the student, and his instinct the teacher, as to the extent of his loyalty.

“Get Tats now!” he commanded Harold.

“Are you sure?” Harold asked.

Chapter 16

BLOODBATH IN SIVINGDEL!

LIMB STACKED UPON LIMB!

KNEE DEEP IN BLOOD!

NOT SINCE THE DAYS OF THE BARBARIANS!

Hutherton turned to this latter article:

“Not since the invasions of barbarian hordes from the east centuries ago has such bloodshed been seen.”

Hutherton scanned these articles with mixed emotions.  Whereas the faux crime wave generated by Ambassador Rochten had filled him with glee, and the headlines highlighting the scofflaw attitude of the public towards SISA had filled him with fury, he wasn’t quite sure what to think about this.

Part of him was ecstatic, for he had felt the time was right for a new piece of legislation after the fiery speech given by Ralph Hannensehn, but that was a mere two days ago.  He had still been recovering from his humiliation due to the district court judge’s decision invalidating SISA as unconstitutional, in spite of the encouragement he had received from DA Hannensehn’s promise to fight the decision.

But another part of him was rather unnerved by the grisly nature of this slaughter.  Had Ambassador Rochten grown worried that Hutherton had been too demoralized and thus generated another crime wave—this one a real monster—in order to lift his spirits?  He found the timing between the judge’s decision and this carnage-filled spectacle to be suspicious to say the least.

The details were also sketchy.  The police had arrived at an alley near a notoriously dangerous bar after hearing bloodcurdling screams and shouts from several blocks away.  By the time they got there, almost everyone was dead, although there was one man clinging to life.  He was barely conscious, was missing both legs, and was bleeding profusely.  He had babbled some incoherent nonsense before going to meet his maker.  Something about a bird.

The police had found “SG” (the DA’s term for Smokeless Green was starting to catch on) on several of the corpses, and a few swords were found littering the alley.  The police explanation was that these men were likely members of rival drug gangs and had decided to settle their differences the old-fashioned way.

Hutherton himself was actually quite shocked that the violence had gone this far, and he found himself wondering whether this was the zenith of depravity amongst the growing underworld or if the time would come where such massacres would vie for a small slot on the back page.

He felt that regardless of the answer to that question he now knew that it was time draft a new bill.  The police were going to have to be properly enabled to handle this growing menace, or it was only going to get worse.

This was going to be a busy day, and he planned at the end of it to run his thoughts by the ambassador and see if he couldn’t shed any light on what happened in Sivingdel.  Sivingdel was a city second in size only to the capital city and was often considered a rival for preeminence.  It was a younger city and had been growing at a far quicker rate.  Its people were known as being entrepreneurial and ambitious.  This massacre made Hutherton wonder whether it might not be the dominant scene for the illegal SG trade.

Hutherton did what he usually did when his brain needed a little kick start, and once his nose was finely powdered he picked up an ink pen and piece of paper.

The Safer Streets Act

It being necessary to enforce the provisions of the Safety in Selegania Act (hereinafter “SISA”), the senate hereby creates an agency charged exclusively with the task of enforcing SISA.  The agency, to be called the National Drug Police (hereinafter “NDP”), shall be given broad latitude in the fight against violators of SISA, and to ensure it be thoroughly equipped to said aim, an annual appropriation of one hundred million falons shall be allotted thereto.

Hutherton looked at the parchment with mild pleasure, but the deep wound to his ego from a mere two days ago forbade him ecstasy.  He needed to consult with Ambassador Rochten.

This pleasure would have to be delayed, as it was merely 10 a.m.  He finished up his breakfast, got dressed, and hurried off to the senate.


No one rose to give an inspiring speech about the need for a new law to prevent the massacre in Sivingdel.  Instead, it was just one boring debate after another on mundane topics.  But this was more than fine with Senator Hutherton.  He didn’t just want this law, he wanted to be the sponsor.  But he listened to his inner voice, which told him to see the ambassador first.  

All in all, it was a good day.  More than one person stopped by to compliment him on his courage in sponsoring SISA and to tell him “to hang in there” because it would be found constitutional once all the dust settled.  Little by little his confidence was starting to rise.

When the senate let out at 5 p.m., Hutherton felt a bit sheepish about going straight to the Gentlemen of Selegania Club.  He usually didn’t go there before 9 p.m., but he had heard they served some pretty good meals late in the afternoon, so he crossed his fingers and went in.  To his delight, he saw the ambassador right away.  Had the man’s nose not been buried knee deep in the newspaper, Hutherton might have privately deemed the man a lecherous old goat for arriving at such an early hour, but it seemed the ambassador was at the club with business in mind.

Before Hutherton got within eight paces of him he looked up suddenly and with a warm smile said:  “Senator, will you join me?”

“It’s what I came here for,” Hutherton replied frankly.

“I had a feeling today’s news might stimulate your appetite for a bit of discussion on public policy.  Am I wrong?”

“Not in the slightest.”

Hutherton handed him a copy of the proposed bill.

“Not bad,” Rochten remarked.  “Maybe a little ambitious,” he then added, as an afterthought.

“The appropriations amount?”

“It appears we’re both turning into mind readers.”

Hutherton chuckled slightly.

“Yes, the appropriations.  Now, don’t misunderstand.  In two years, maybe even one, a hundred million falons might not seem like such a bad idea.  In fact, it might seem tame.  But do you really think the political climate is fertile for such an investment?”

“Well,” Hutherton began, starting to feel a bit foolish, as he always seemed to in the ambassador’s presence, yet without feeling he was being belittled but rather enlightened, “I thought that with the massacre and all . . . .”

“Yes, an opportunity that must be exploited.  There I agree with you.  But you’ve overshot.  Firstly, it wasn’t here.  It was in that far-away city that many here in the capital deem inferior, and thus, to a certain extent they might pass it off as something to be expected of those uncouth Sivingdelians.  Secondly, an appropriation of this magnitude will call for a tax increase, which will make the other senators nervous.  They have constituents to face in just a couple years, and while the voter’s mind does not excel at memory, increased taxes seem to be a bit of an exception to that rule.  Thus, an appropriation of this magnitude would ultimately have to convince the taxpaying voter.

“Now, here’s what I suggest.  Change the appropriations to ten million.  That should be small enough that with a bit of adjustments made to other budgets you can avoid a tax raise.  In the meantime, you will need to make sure this new agency produces outstanding results.  You are going to have to see to it that only the best policemen get into this agency.  Then, it will be a matter of waiting until something happens that makes the massacre in Sivingdel look tame by comparison or for a series of similar events that happen in quick succession that truly inflame the populace.  Then, you will need to act quickly and sponsor a bill drastically increasing the appropriations to the National Drug Police.”

“I see the logic in what you’re saying, ambassador.  As always, I should add,” Hutherton said, smiling.

“I’m glad you’re receptive to counsel.  An old man like me has been around long enough to learn a trick or two,” he said with a wolf-like gleam in his eye.

“I should take advantage of the moment to discuss something I’ve been rather reluctant to heretofore, but I feel it is time.”

This got Hutherton’s attention.

“You do realize, don’t you, that it would be wise to eventually work out some agreements with one of the major players in the underworld?”

Had any other man suggested such a thing, Hutherton would have struck him across the face and left the room, and even with Ambassador Rochten he could not completely hide his distaste:  “Work out some agreements?!  Ambassador, with all due respect, I thought you understood the danger SG poses to the social order if not carefully restrained.  To engage in secret dealings with one of these men would mean, no doubt, to shelter his organization, which would, no doubt, be rather large, which would, no doubt, mean the riff-raff of this country would have ready access to a substance any gentleman knows instinctively does not belong in the hands of the vulgar!”

“Senator, senator,” Rochten began calmly, with no malice in his voice.  “Do you never play chess?”

This question took Hutherton aback.  And he was reluctant to give the answer, since he wasn’t sure what the ambassador was driving at.

“No,” he said cautiously.

“I will teach you sometime, should you so desire.  In chess, you rarely go for the kill all at once.  If you do, you will unwittingly expose yourself.  Pick your opponent apart bit by bit.  Let me explain what is going to happen in this country.  In multiple areas, low-level thugs will vie with one another for control of SG.  It will only be a matter of time, before some rather powerful individuals emerge from this struggle.  I can assure you that what happened in Sivingdel was simply the beginning of that struggle.

“You will soon have a surfeit of similar headlines as the ones you saw today, let me assure you.  Now, if you go after all these kingpins simultaneously, they will realize it is in their collective interest to unite—albeit temporarily—to destroy their persecutors.  Together, I fear they could muster enough force to challenge the nation’s army itself.  But separate them,” Rochten said, wagging his finger with a glint of triumph in his eye, “and that is a different story.  Separately, they can be taken down.  But it will take a bit more than a one-at-a-time approach.  

“Even that they would be able to see through.  Each kingpin would realize he is just waiting in line like a cow at the slaughterhouse to be butchered by the government.  But if you can convince one of them that you are on their side and that he will enjoy a long-term collaborative relationship with you, you can do more than preventing him from allying himself with a persecuted kingpin.  You can convince him to fight on your side in exchange for impunity.  Then, once he helps you destroy your targets, you destroy him.”

Rochten then rubbed his hands together and separated them, like a man brushing bread crumbs from his hands after a sumptuous meal.

It made perfect sense to Hutherton, but he still couldn’t stomach the idea of having any dealings with such men.  Rochten appeared to read his mind:  “Don’t worry about that for now.  I’m talking of things yet to come.  And if they do come to pass as I predict, and you need a liaison, well, let’s just say as an ambassador I am used to occasionally getting my hands a bit dirty.”

Hutherton smiled.  He liked the idea.  He liked it immensely.  He felt so happy at this moment that he thought he should share the information he had learned recently from the journalist about some of the nascent kingpins already in the underworld, but his instinctive selfishness caused him to withhold these facts like a child who refuses to share a toy.

Chapter 17

“Yes, get him,” Righty said, wondering himself if perhaps he should defer to Harold on this one, who by his inquiry had implied he would have opted for leaving Tats behind.

“But silently,” Righty said in a whisper towards Harold’s ear, “and for all that is holy don’t let him know you can talk.”

Harold had seen Tats secrete himself inside a barrel and had even put the lid on over his head rather snugly, although this was quite unknown to Righty.  Harold did a swan dive that nearly sent Righty’s insides flying out his mouth, but he managed to keep quiet.  Quicker than a flash Harold grabbed the barrel Tats was in, scooped it up, and disappeared into the night.

“Set him down by the junkyard,” Righty said in a whisper that was quite inaudible to the terrified Tats several feet below inside of his barrel.  He had no idea what was happening other than the fact he was moving very fast.  The best explanation he could come up with was that the police had picked up the barrel and put it into the fastest-moving jail wagon he had ever heard of, but he knew this was a ridiculous explanation nonetheless.  His imagination, however, could not fathom what was indeed happening.

Still whispering, Righty said, “When you set him down, let’s get the hell out of here fast before he sees me.”

Harold went a step further and looked for a small hole that he could fit the barrel into snugly enough that it would be at least a minute before Tats could extricate himself.  Having found it, he executed another swan dive.  He would have loved to do Cyclone at this very moment, but though Righty was becoming a rather experienced rider by this time, he would have still been flung off of Harold’s body so quickly and at such great distance that it would have tested Harold’s own flying skills to the utmost to both locate and recover him before his body was smashed fatally onto the ground below.

Harold flared his wings out wide at the last moment, cutting most of his velocity, and then stuffed the barrel partway into a hole.  He then took off just as Righty had requested.

“Let’s go see my new ranch,” Righty said, “but let’s just stop on a nearby hillside.  I don’t get the keys, so to speak, until several more days.”

Harold was thrilled by this idea.  He had struggled greatly watching Righty take on that many men at once, but he had seen only a few had swords, and he knew that had he gone down there and helped out before Righty seemed to be getting hurt Righty would have laid into him.  Perhaps now that he had gotten the chance to prove to himself what he could do with his sword, he would feel more comfortable allowing Harold to have a more liberal involvement in future encounters.  

Yet, he also understood, and greatly respected, Righty’s belief that it was best for Harold not to show himself too often, lest he become an item of prey hunted far and wide by the most skillful pursuers.  While Harold realized he could easily outwit the most clever of such men were he charged only with the care of himself, his necessity of guarding Righty also made him far more vulnerable.  The full reality of that had come tonight as he had risked being seen by a swarm of police officers on the street below.  And, he was nearly certain at least one saw him.

An hour later, Righty asked Harold to touch down on the side of a tall mountain where there was a wide snow patch.  Righty grabbed a handful of snow and put it onto the side of his head where it had kissed the jagged edge of a broken bottle.  He took the snow away and saw no blood, for which he was quite grateful, and he then put the snow back to his head.

He then lay down flat on his back and stared straight up at the stars.  He felt at peace in this place, although he realized that he had a huge mob of problems to face that he was merely ignoring for the moment.  He felt more and more relaxed as he looked up at the stars, and he wondered what great men in history had looked up at these same stars hoping for a brief respite from the overwhelming problems of the world.  As bad as his problems were at the moment, he found his feeling of destiny reinforced by his survival tonight.  The stars themselves seemed to be looking down on him and telling him:  Great things.  We have chosen you for great things, Richie.

And then he was asleep.

Chapter 18

When Senator Hutherton walked before the senate the next day, bill in hand, he realized from the looks of the men that he was not seen quite as much as the snot-nosed senator who had approached them with SISA.  Seeing another man’s humiliation will either produce sympathy or sadistic joy—as the feeling of neutrality rarely survives such circumstances—and in the case of Hutherton his ridicule in the newspapers had earned him a healthy portion of the former.

There was a certain look of admiration in their eyes to see this junior senator marching towards the front of the assembly with a new bill in his hand, in spite of having his last one result in a scofflaw societal response before being declared unconstitutional in one of the first related cases to ever make it to trial.  As for Hutherton, he knew that sympathy in these men was to be short-lived and thus was to be exploited quickly or forfeited forever.

“Senior senators and fellow junior senators, today I have come before you not with defeat, but with victory, in mind.  Most of us have already heard the news this morning that the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals has approved the stay of the district court judge’s decision invalidating SISA during the pendency of the appeal.

“Gentlemen, now is the time for us to show that SISA really can work.  The massacre in Sivingdel has already shown us the truly dangerous villains we are up against—men who will stop at nothing to enrich themselves off the sale of contraband.  Let us not pretend that the utter failure of law enforcement had nothing to do with the district judge being so brazen as to declare our law unconstitutional.

“Yet, it is not the fault of our brave police officers that this contraband has been sold, possessed, and consumed with virtual impunity but rather the novel nature of this new criminal activity.  It is for that reason that I therefore propose the establishment of a new agency, the National Drug Police.  With an annual appropriation of ten million falons, it will have the tools to prove itself a worthy recipient of tax revenue, as it will find the masterminds of the Sivingdel massacre and prevent such further incidences of barbarity, lest our nation become the laughingstock of the civilized world.  And all this can be done with modest adjustments in other budgets and at no new expense to the taxpayer.”

This last part caught the senators’ attention in particular, and Hutherton had found fertile soil for his proposal.  Only Senator Megders rose in opposition.

Whereas Hutherton had enjoyed the looks of sympathy, Megders faced the looks of scorn.  He was becoming distrusted.  His role in Hutherton’s humiliation made them cognizant of the fact they could be his next victim.  

“Esteemed senators, were it not for SISA, the massacre in Sivingdel would never have happened.  Users of Smokeless Green would not be filling the pockets of these emerging kingpins who are now vying for power with the savagery of ambitious pretenders to a throne.  Instead, users would be purchasing SG along with their coffee, cigars, and flour at a local store the way they did before SISA.  

“The creation of a national law enforcement agency tasked with the sole mission of arresting violators of a law that has already been deemed unconstitutional makes about as much sense as putting a new horseshoe on a dead horse.  And Senator Hutherton forgot to mention that in granting the stay the 1st Circuit also made it clear that, while people can be arrested for SISA violations during the pendency of the appeal, such arrests can only be made for the purpose of processing the arrestee at the police station, after which they must be released immediately.  The information can be passed to prosecutors’ offices, but no charges can be filed during the pendency of the appeal.  This means that while Hutherton’s drug agency is out arresting people they are going also be forced to let them go right away, and the prosecutors’ offices are going to face a growing backlog of pending cases that they are restrained from moving forward on.

“I can assure you that while this threat will be enough to keep law-abiding business owners from putting SG back on the shelves you can rest assured that this will merely serve to embolden the drug dealers.  They will have their cake and get to eat it too.  The illegality of SG will restrict the sales to the underworld—except for the abominable ‘gentlemen exception’—while simultaneously they can justifiably presume any prosecution against them will be very difficult, as the appeals process could last for years.  Frankly, I think District Attorney Hannensehn should just go ahead and announce to the public that there will be no attempt at SISA enforcement during the pendency of the appeal because otherwise the police and prosecutors will just be creating a nightmare for themselves and the courts.

“While reasonable minds may differ on that point, it is beyond the pale to appropriate ten million falons from less dubious projects to be dedicated fully into enforcing something that has already been deemed unconstitutional by one judge and will likely be by the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals as well.”

No one clapped or cheered at the conclusion of this speech, and while the senators realized his arguments were virtually impeccable on a logical level, logic was gone for the day.  This was about sending a message to the people that they were serious about crime.

The law was passed without fanfare, and with the exception of Senator Megders no one voted against it.  

The National Drug Police was born.

Chapter 19

Freddie was feeling a bit irritated today as he strode home from the post office.  Not that this was anything new.  Freddie could go from calm and relaxed to being ready to rip someone’s ears off in about as much time as it takes the wind to switch direction.  That was the reason he was no longer a proud member of the nation’s small standing army of four thousand.  He had lasted the three years that he did because of his outstanding aptitude for soldiering.

He took orders without complaint or question.  His one hundred yard dash was still a standing record at the Seleganian Military Academy.  His bench press was remarkable.  His marksmanship with the longbow put him in third place in the annals of Seleganian archery.  His dexterity with the sword was admired by recruit and seasoned soldier alike.

The problem Freddie had was with his peers.  Freddie’s mind divided the world into inferiors and superiors, and while he was submissive almost to a fault to authority figures, he was the most exacting of despots towards inferiors.  And he earned no shortage of enemies by his inability to accept there were those who were neither below nor beneath him.

In his mind, if a man was not clearly above him, then he was a rival who needed to be shown his place.  His superiors had first gotten a whiff of this nasty side to his character when he was a mere recruit and they saw him berating his fellow recruits for not training hard enough.  To a certain extent they admired his desire to be a leader, but it became overly problematic when he would attempt to castigate recruits he thought were slacking by telling them to do pushups or other calisthenics.  He had been met with jeers at first from his fellow recruits, but after he had broken several noses his orders were taken almost as obediently as if he were their drill instructor.

The drill instructors observing this from afar often let it pass, but if they were nearby they had to act, lest Freddie be seen as something beyond a recruit.  They would then shout at him ferociously that he was worth less than dirt and would make him run mile after mile, all of which he did with a stout heart and without complaint, which seemed to only cause him to be further glorified amongst many of his peers as a great leader in the making, though he had no shortage of mortal enemies.

But it was when he made it to the rank of sergeant that the problems became intolerable.  He once made three recruits—for the peccadillo of arriving five minutes late to training—run twenty miles while wearing backpacks fully provisioned for a journey of a month.  All the while, he ran alongside them striking them with a small cudgel whenever their pace fell below his satisfaction.  Those watching from afar laughed at first that he was punishing himself just as much as the recruits, but they failed to recall, or failed to accept, that this was little more than what Freddie included as part of his own daily exercise routine.

Finally, somewhere near the eighteenth mile, one of the recruits simply couldn’t continue.  But where others saw “couldn’t” Freddie saw “wouldn’t.”  When Freddie attempted to stimulate his motivation with blows from his cudgel, the recruit made the mistake of striking out at Freddie, who then nearly killed the recruit with a ferocious strike to the head.  The man recovered but was often thought to have lost half his smarts from the injury.

This had brought a formal inquiry into Freddie’s methods, and while he was not discharged from the military, he was given a stern warning that any blows beyond the minor were not to be given in such an ad hoc fashion.  Instead, any recruit he thought worthy of serious punishment needed to be turned over to Freddie’s superiors for a potential court martial.

Freddie had accepted his censure stoically and without complaint.  But it was only two weeks later that a fellow sergeant made the grave mistake of telling Freddie he ought to let up on the men.  It was Ted Hambenville, and he had been in Freddie’s recruitment class.  Though he had lacked Freddie’s colorful nature and outstanding physical feats, he had been a competent, dependable soldier and had risen through the ranks at the same rate as Freddie.

For this, Freddie loathed the man.  He saw him as an inferior who had been promoted simply for scraping by.  When Ted dared tell Freddie that he should go softer on the recruits, that was more than Freddie was willing to tolerate—in this life or the next.  He had punched him squarely in the nose, and after that it was a full-on brawl.  It began in the mess hall and worked its way back towards the kitchen itself.

This was due to the fact Ted was doing a lot more running than fighting, though he did throw a nasty jab or two whenever he found himself temporarily cornered—a problem he then fixed however it had to be done, even if that meant climbing over the impediment to his safety.

But Freddie’s skills at running were more than Ted could hope to contend with in a game of cat and mouse.  Freddie finally cornered Ted and gave him a pounding that just about cost him his life.  A broken nose, two missing teeth, and both eyes swollen shut for a week were Ted’s souvenirs from his conversation with Freddie about going easier on the troops.

To the shock of everyone, Freddie did not have to be pulled off of Ted by five strapping men.  Instead, he was disengaged from his prey by the mere words:  “Sergeant Freddie!!”  It was a sergeant major, and that alone had the same effect as if a hundred men had yanked simultaneously.

“Sir, yes sir!” he had shouted while standing at attention.

Ted lay unconscious on the ground.

“Into my office now, sergeant,” the master sergeant had barked.  Upon arrival he had chewed Freddie out up one side and down the other, all while Freddie stood stoically at attention, neither his face nor his eyes betraying the slightest hint of any emotion.

He had been court-martialed, and although ironically the master sergeant himself had pleaded for leniency on Freddie’s behalf, Freddie’s military days were over, and he was dishonorably discharged from the Seleganian Army.

While he had showed no emotion before his master sergeant, before the judge, or before anyone else for that matter, as soon as he was alone in a small, shabby apartment that he had rented out, he had bawled his eyes out like a five-year-old whose favorite pet had just died.  He had then become enraged and punched the walls until his knuckles bled.  And then he had collapsed into a sleep that was more like a coma.  More than a day later he woke up and was so disoriented as to everything that had happened that for a moment upon waking up he thought he had been kidnapped.

As he looked at the punch holes in the walls, his miserable reality returned to him, and while Sleep would no longer bless him with her sweet escape, he lay on his back motionless for two days in a state of shock.

But Freddie was a man who liked to stay on the move, and he soon convinced himself that the military life would never have amounted to what he hoped it would anyway.  He thought Selegania should contest her borders, flex her muscles at the first opportunity, explore new lands.  But he knew that military adventurism was not even a remote possibility in Selegania, due to the Seleganians’ historic distrust of armies and weapons.  And while the army of four thousand was a good one, it was one of the smallest in the known world and thus looked at by other nations as a Poodle in the company of Rottweilers.

He had accepted a menial job at a local post office and had been there for the last five years.  He kept up virtually the same vigorous exercise regimen that he had done during his days in the army, and while he considered himself a liberal husband and father, his children and wife—had they known of his reputation while in the military—would have sworn he had changed little.

He planned on a mere ten-mile run today, since he had been forced to work late and thus had little of the evening left, and he was heading home for a quick change of clothes.  When he arrived home he gave his wife a quick hug and a peck on the cheek.  She was grateful for his long evening workouts, for that gave her some respite from his overbearing company.  

He was about to head out the door when she said, “Honey, there’s a letter here for you.”

“Later, honey.  I’ve got a run to do.”

“But it looks like it might be really important.  It’s from a senator.”

This did get his attention.  He approached her and looked at the letter.  His curiosity was piqued.  He opened it:

Sergeant Frederick Manhausen:

The scourge of vice and addiction wracks our Republic.  She groans underneath the indignity of vicious criminals enriching themselves from the trafficking of contraband.  The senate has created a new police force designed to combat this great evil.  You have been invited to apply for a position, should you desire to offer your military prowess in this war.  The Republic shall compensate her faithful soldiers handsomely.

On Monday of next week, at three o’ clock in the afternoon, I pray for the honor of an interview to further discuss your potential interest in this great struggle.

In the name of Liberty,

Senator Hutherton

An observer would have thought Freddie was rather uninterested.  He handed the letter back to his wife and headed out the door.  But the observer might have changed his mind if he knew Freddie the way his wife did.  She caught the gleam in his stern eyes that was about as frequent as a comet, and it usually meant he was excited about something.  Freddie thought best while on his feet, and that night the ten-mile run was upgraded to twenty.

Chapter 20

“Next applicant,” Senator Hutherton said.

The day had been going pretty well so far.  Hutherton was thrilled when President Beldenshire himself had visited him in his office and asked him to be involved with the initial recruitment and setting up of the National Drug Police.  He told him he thought the law was not only a good idea, but a gutsy one, and that he believed Hutherton would be the best person to ensure that the right kind of people got hired.

Hutherton had been going through the rounds today and after each interview had put the applicant’s file into one of four piles that he had mentally designated as Reject, Maybe, Probably, and Hire.

Almost all the applicants were either active or former military.  Due to the initial startup costs that would be involved—e.g., uniforms, training facilities, weapons, and sundry equipment—he planned on hiring around a hundred recruits, and he had already recommended to the director of the NDP that at least twenty percent of those recruits be cut during basic training.  President Beldenshire himself had authorized Hutherton to lay out policy guidelines such as these to the director and to let the president know if the director did not heed his guidance.

The response had been tremendous, far better than what Hutherton had hoped.  He realized he was going to have the luxury of rejecting the vast majority of the applicants and still hiring a hundred.  He had done interviews Monday through Friday of last week, and today, Monday, was likely to be the last day of interviews.  It had been rather exhausting work, and he had powdered his nose liberally throughout—between interviews, of course, although he seldom waited long after vacuuming a line to call in the next applicant.

“Robert Machendale!” he called out.

Shortly later, in walked a muscle-bound, crew-cut-sporting hulk of a man that had “Current Military” written all over him.  He looked Hutherton square in the eye and about pulverized the bones in his hand during the handshake that Hutherton always dreaded giving but mechanically extended nonetheless.

He performed excellently on the first twenty questions, so Hutherton decided to ask him The Question.

“Suppose you were asked to carry out an order that, while not technically legal, would ultimately help further the mission of NDP, which, of course, is the eradication of unauthorized Smokeless Green use, possession, and sale—how would you respond?”

“Well, I have full faith in the NDP, senator, and I believe it is based on sound legal principles, and thus, I believe I would be in full accordance with the law if I did what I was told by my superior officer.”

“Suppose you were asked to carry a sword in the execution of your duties.  That would violate Article 14.”

“Article 14 states, ‘No man, except a soldier on a military base or acting in his military capacity, shall be permitted to carry a sword.’  The way I see it, we will be acting as soldiers in our military capacity.  The Sivingdel Massacre already proved that.  Those legs and heads sure as heck didn’t get hacked off with bats or broken beer bottles.”

“Well, Mr. Machendale, I can certainly sympathize with your position.  I myself believe Article 14 to be far too restrictive, and I compliment you on knowing it verbatim.  But, I assume you are aware that, alas, 26 Seleganian Code section 47, subsection (a), defines ‘soldier’ as ‘a soldier in good standing in the Seleganian Army.’”

“I did not know that, senator.  But I am a soldier in good standing in the Seleganian Army,” he said, a subtle glint in his eye, suggesting he would have been well-suited for the profession of attorney.

“Yes, but if you were to be recruited into the NDP, you would have to first resign from the Seleganian Army, which would mean you would no longer be a soldier according to title 26.”

The glint in his eye not having disappeared in the slightest, and perhaps having grown, Mr. Machendale responded, “That sounds like awfully technical reasoning, considering the kind of savages we’re going to be up against.  Perhaps when the senate passed that law, there was no drug war.  Times change.  Definitions expand.”

“Well, don’t repeat this, but privately I happen to agree with you, although you didn’t hear that from me,” Hutherton said mischievously.  “But were such an expansive interpretation to be taken, it would have to come from the top.  Would you agree with that?”

“That’s where Kasani intended orders to come from, senator.”  Then, as an afterthought, the applicant added, “And perhaps if the right senator were to talk to the right general, any soldier in good standing admitted into the NDP could remain a soldier in good standing in the Seleganian Army, while forfeiting all or a part of his soldier salary for the national good throughout his tenure in the NDP.”

Hutherton smiled warmly, asked him a few additional questions, thanked him for his time, and then when he left the room put his file into the Probably pile.  Then, he shifted it a few inches towards the Hire pile.

When interviewing the next applicant and Hutherton asked The Question, the applicant replied:

“Well, I don’t see how it could further the mission of NDP if the order is not technically legal.  After all, the whole point of NDP is to uphold the law.  Thus, I would have to refuse an illegal order, since I don’t think an illegal order could further NDP’s mission.”

“That is an excellent point,” Hutherton said hypocritically.  “Forgive me for attempting to ensnare you, but we have to make sure we are hiring morally upright people.”

“Thank you, senator,” the applicant said, blushing slightly.

Hutherton then asked him several softball questions and then dismissed him.  Once he exited the room, Hutherton placed his file firmly in the Reject pile.

Hutherton almost stood up to leave but then realized he had one more interview that day.

“Frederick Manhausen.”

While awaiting his entry, Hutherton glanced over a few notes he had made on Mr. Manhausen’s application. 

“Senator, reporting for my interview as instructed, sir!”

Hutherton looked up, annoyed, half-expecting to see a smirking joker standing there barely restraining a case of the giggles.

Instead, what he saw was something unlike he had ever seen in his life.  It was not the size of the man that impressed him.  Not that he was any slouch in that department.  Five feet, ten inches; sturdy shoulders; and muscular forearms were nothing to sneeze at.  But that was hardly what caught Hutherton’s attention.  The man stood as straight as a board; looked straight ahead, not at Hutherton; and had an intensity in his eyes that made it look as if he could shoot beams of fire at will and destroy whatever was in his path.

Not quite sure how to proceed with such a man, Hutherton said simply, “Permission to sit, Mr. Manhausen.”

Mr. Manhausen sat down, and while his intense expression remained, it seemed to Hutherton that upon looking at Hutherton he softened his gaze slightly, perhaps out of respect.  Nonetheless, traces of the erstwhile fire remained.

“Why are you interviewing for this position, Mr. Manhausen.”

“Senator, the drug barons declared war on this republic when they carried out the Sivingdel Massacre.  I was trained for war, sir.  The NDP is the answer to the drug barons’ first volley.  I want to join the fight.”

“Well, you do realize, I assume, that this will be a police force, not an army, and will be required to follow the Seleganian Constitution?”

“Senator, the Sivingdel Massacre was an act of war, and the perpetrators must be dealt with by soldiers according to the rules of war.  It is time for us to strike back.”

“You do mean, I presume, within the confines of the Constitution?”

“Senator, when the barbarians invaded our republic centuries ago we appointed a dictator.  His name was Avendarius Richtendorff.  Richtendorff saved this republic from annihilation.  Were it not for him, we would have been subjugated.”

“Yes, Mr. Manhausen, but he was elected as an emergency dictator by the senate, which is permitted by Article 40.”

“Senator, I was born to be a soldier.  I was trained to be a soldier.  And I am a soldier.  One thing I have learned above all is that if a job needs to be done it is the soldier’s job to get it done.  It is the prerogative of senators to fashion the rules such that he be permitted to do so, even if that has to be done after the fact.”

Hutherton was unsure whether to ask The Question because it seemed he had arrived at the applicant’s answer more or less already, but he nonetheless decided to pose it verbatim.

“Suppose you were asked to carry out an order that, while not technically legal, would ultimately help further the mission of NDP, which, of course, is the eradication of unauthorized Smokeless Green use, possession, and sale—how would you respond?”

“Yes, sir.”

“I beg your pardon,” Hutherton said, positive he had misheard the man.

“That is what my answer would be:  ‘Yes, sir.’”

“Forgive me if I am belaboring the point, but in this hypothetical scenario, you would be asked to carry out something . . . illegal,” Hutherton said, modifying it a bit so as to not insult the man.

“If the order comes down from my superiors, it is legal,” Mr. Manhausen responded, and he said “is” with such emphasis that Hutherton realized there was no possibility for playing cat and mouse with this applicant, as he had with Mr. Machendale.  Mr. Manhausen’s response obviated the need for any further questioning on this matter.

“Why were you dishonorably discharged from the Seleganian Army,” Hutherton asked, already having read that portion of his file in detail.

“My superiors decided it.”

“Yes, but why?”

“I struck a man repeatedly, causing him serious injury.”

“Why?”

“Because he was a danger to the army.”

“Why?”

“He encouraged softness.”

“How?”

“He told me to go lighter on my troops.”

“Mr. Manhausen, were you to be hired, would you give the NDP your full devotion?”

For the first time in their interview, Hutherton noticed an emotion in the man’s eye besides blazing fire.  It seemed as if he was fighting to choke back a sob.

“My last drop of blood, senator,” he said, with a kind of reverence.

Hutherton dismissed Mr. Manhausen.  While he felt a bit unnerved by the man even after he had left the room, the senator put his file firmly into the Hire pile and added a note to it:  Consider for leadership position.

Chapter 21

When Righty woke up the next morning, he felt disoriented.  The first thing he noticed was he was in a completely unfamiliar place.  Tall pine trees loomed above, and a sweet, pleasant scent filled the air.  He sprung to his feet to scan for danger but saw no one other than Harold, who was looking at him calmly.

He vaguely remembered one hell of a brawl, being pursued, and then ending up on the side of a mountain.  He noticed a break in the trees, and he walked forward.  He soon realized he was on the edge of a steep embankment looking out over what was just days from being his ranch.

“How in the hell did I end up here?” he asked Harold.

“You fell asleep on the glacier and started shivering terribly, so I decided to move you a bit,” Harold replied matter-of-factly.

Now, the last embers of sleep finally extinguished, he recalled most of the previous night.  And he sat down abruptly against a tree, as if the combined weight of all his problems had forced him into a seated position.

“I’m in one hell of a mess,” he told Harold frankly.

“Go through it piece by piece.  Then, we can talk solutions.”

“Well, for starters, Tats must know a bird yanked him out of that death trap he was in.  And if he sees me again alive, he’s going to have to know that I must have escaped via the same bird, which means, more or less, he knows about you.  That’s not good.  I’m not sure if I could ever trust anybody enough to tell him about you.”

“What else?” Harold asked.

“Well, I’m not sure just how kindly the police took to picking up twenty corpses, many of which were cut into multiple pieces, and one of which you turned into mush.”

“Is that all?” Harold inquired matter-of-factly.

“Is that all?!  I’m beginning to think you will never understand humans!  Haven’t you heard enough to know I’m in one heck of a crap storm?!”

“On the contrary, I know why each one of these things is a problem.  Do you not recall I questioned your request that I pick up Tats?”

Righty hadn’t recalled that till now, but it was clearer than a glass of clean water now that Harold mentioned it.

Harold saw Righty had been brought down the requisite peg or two, so he added, “I just wanted to know if that was all the trouble you could think of before I gave my opinion.”

“Well, I’m gonna have a pissed-off wife on my hands to boot!  I didn’t go home last night.”

He noticed Harold was still looking at him inquisitively, as if he were aware of trouble Righty hadn’t mentioned yet.

Then a light turned on.  “Heavy Sam,” Righty said calmly.  “He not only lost twenty men; he lost face.  That means he either crawls down into a hole and hides or redoubles his efforts to get me.  Something tells me the latter is more likely.”

Righty noticed Harold’s expression seemed to indicate he had named most of the problems Harold had been thinking of.

“Well, I get the feeling you’re itching to advise on these matters, so please be my guest,” he told Harold, feeling a bit relieved.  Harold would either give him good advice and lower his stress levels; or he would give bad advice, and at least identifying it as such would give Righty some small sense of accomplishment.

“There’s no way but forward.  The situation with your wife’s easy.  You worked late and then fell asleep at your store.  She doesn’t have a key, and Robert closes the store at eight o’ clock, so how could she contradict you?”

Righty felt one tiny load of stress slide gingerly from his back, but he knew that story had a lot in common with the annuity story.  It had “USE ONCE” written on the front and back of it.

“Not bad for a bird,” Righty jested.  “Go on.”

“You’ve already come to the point of realization that you couldn’t continue in this line of work without taking leadership of the junkyard gang.  While your strong preference for them not to know about me is wise, you will probably not be able to hide it forever.  I thought about it a lot while you were asleep, and I think you did the right thing.  Tats stuck by you in a previous fight and stuck by you in this fight, and furthermore, he entered into it at an opportune moment and saved your life.  You then saved his life and then saved him from arrest.  

“Like it or not, if you are going to head up an organization, you will have to award trust incrementally to those who are loyal to you.  Tats has been.  You are going to have to depend upon those closest to you not only to run your business but to save your life.  I’ll do what I can, but there’s only one of me, and I’m not invincible.

“Heavy Sam is stronger than you because he has more people working for him.  You’re going to have to expand if you want to survive against him, let alone beat him.”

Righty thought most of this made sense, and he kept his mouth firmly shut, waiting for whatever else Harold might say.

“But you have to punish disloyalty by the severest measures.  The resulting intimidation will be an iron shield against traitors.  You will have to show your men that you reward loyalty handsomely and treachery mercilessly.  I had a master once who only knew how to do the latter, and he was ultimately brought down by his own servants.  Had he known how to do both, he would most likely be the current ruler of Sodorf and Dachwald.”

This piqued Righty’s interest considerably.  Harold never liked to talk about his past, and Righty found it fitting that Harold was practicing what he preached when it came to awarding trust to the loyal by revealing this information.  Righty certainly felt he had been loyal to Harold.

But his mind had latched even more firmly onto Harold’s advice about treachery.  

“Stitches,” Righty said calmly, that fine detail having just worked its way into his consciousness.  The setup in the alley was unmistakable.  Stitches had served him on a platter, which meant he was working for Heavy Sam.  Kasani!  How many others in the junkyard might be working for Sam?!  

There was going to be an opportunity very soon for him to apply Harold’s advice.  Harold gave him an affirmative look but said nothing else on the matter.

“But shouldn’t I lie low for a while?” Righty asked.

“Now, more than ever, is when your men are going to need to see you strong.  As bad as what happened last night seems, you should take into account that it was the first time you ever went out with them onto the streets to see how they ran their business.  Your presence was supposed to be a display of force and encourage bold action against Sam so that your men could at least get their lost territory back.  What kind of a message will it send if the first time you go out and try to rally them with your presence you barely escape with your life and then you go into hiding?”

Righty hadn’t thought about that angle of it yet.  He had mostly been thinking of the situation vis-à-vis the police.  From that angle, it definitely made a lot of sense to lay low for a while.  But Harold was right—their only justification for giving him boss status, rather than merely buying merchandise from him as an independent operator, was that he owed them something beyond just a product.  Leadership.  He was supposed to be out there infusing them with courage and guidance, and running away with his tail tucked between his legs might have made a lot of sense for Righty the Contractor, but not for Righty the Boss.  

If he really thought lying low was the answer, he needed to track down the gang and tell them that in person and explain why the risks were so bad now that they should let the entire operation grind to a halt and stop making money immediately.  And then he thought of something worse:  If he did that, they just might go elsewhere.  Heck, they might go and approach Heavy Sam himself for work, and the next thing Righty knew he would be dealing with about five Stitches, just waiting for the moment to plunge a dagger into his back.

Like it or not, it was time to get back to work.

“Harold, take me to The Garden.”

“Are you sure it wouldn’t be prudent to stop by the house first?”

Kasani!  He had to contend with the duties of a husband as well.

“All right, briefly,” he said.


Once Righty got home, he found Janie was gone.  He felt a small sense of relief and was about to pen a brief note apologizing profusely for falling asleep at the office last night and warning her he had another long day ahead of him, when he saw a handwritten note for him:

Dear Richie,

I missed you last night.  I won’t make any accusations now, but we need to talk.  I’m going to need you more than ever soon, but I would prefer to explain why in person.  And I need to know you’re not going to leave me at home alone at night anymore.

Janie

Janie was rarely the type to build up counterfeit suspense, so her statements aroused Righty’s curiosity considerably.  She had something important to tell him, and it didn’t sound like “Goodbye” just yet.

But he figured he would have to put this on the back burner for now.  He had things to do.  First, he went to the store and did some quick checking around to make sure Robert was there and that everything was running smoothly.  He told Robert—truthfully—that he was extremely grateful for the hard work he had done and for keeping everything operational and increased his pay to twenty falons per hour—a one hundred percent increase.

He noticed that Robert’s jaw just about hit the ground.  “When I’m gone, you’re in charge,” Righty said, shaking the young man’s hand.

“Yes, sir!  Thank you, sir!” he said.

Righty was spending less and less time in his store, and the last thing he wanted was to lose Robert, whom he had spent many an hour training on every aspect of the business.  If he lost Robert, that would mean finding someone new and training him from scratch, which would gouge deeply into Righty’s time on other, more-profitable, activities, or tempt him to shut down the store altogether, which would mean a loss of his one source of clean money and a loss of a late-night alibi.

Thus, he felt it wise to reward loyalty handsomely, as Harold had recommended.  He knew that very soon he would be dealing with the flip side of that coin.  Stitches.

But he knew the store’s validity as a late-night alibi was waning.  Perhaps what he needed was a store in Sivingdel.  While setting it up, he would naturally have to spend quite a few nights in town until he found reliable help to run the place.  He liked the idea but found it too stressful to contemplate seriously at the moment.

For now, he had several hours of sword practice to knock out and twenty pounds of Smokeless Green to pack.  It was going to be another busy day.

Chapter 22

Around four hours later, Righty was soaring above the sky on top of Harold.  However, he was far better secured to Harold today.  Harold had warned him that the acrobatic maneuvering today would likely send Righty flying off to his death before Harold had even the faintest hope of rescuing him.  Thus, Righty had fashioned a leather harness to Harold’s back that kept his waist and legs securely fastened.

But Harold told him that while this was a drastic improvement over bareback flying, and perhaps ought to become par for the course just in case any routine flight suddenly turned into a high-speed retreat or pursuit, the harness was still severely insufficient for what had to be done today.  Righty then fastened a leather strap around Harold’s massive torso that, when the time was right, he could use to secure even his upper body against Harold’s back, essentially gluing him to his body.

“It looks pretty impromptu,” Harold said, “but I happen to agree with you that this job needs to get done today.  Later, you can make something better.  I would advise holding on tight.”

Righty had thought a lot about Stitches while he did his morning ritual of three hours of sword practice.  He was trying to put himself into Stitches’ shoes and determine what he would do next.  He surely couldn’t be so stupid as to come back to the junkyard.  Not unless he believed Righty had been killed.  But the fact that twenty men went into the alley to kill Righty—and probably Tats—and twenty men were found dead would probably be sufficient to put Stitches on notice that Mr. Brass had probably squeezed out of there somehow.  At a minimum, he would want to find out if Mr. Brass were dead before returning to the junkyard.

Righty considered it highly likely that Sam had some people in the city police force on his payroll, and thus, the word would likely spread like wildfire amongst Sam’s crew that somehow the target had not only escaped the noose but had even sent his would-be assailants to the grave.  Thus, he considered it safe to assume Stitches knew by now the mission was a failure.

That left Stitches with four options.  He could go back to the junkyard and just hope he never saw Mr. Brass or Tats again, as either of them would immediately pin him a traitor.  Surely, Stitches couldn’t be that dumb.  Thus, Righty classified this as a technical option, but not a realistic option.

He could go back to Sam.  After all, Stitches had done his part, and the men Sam would really want to kill for failure were already dead.  But Sam could easily conclude that Stitches had tipped Brass off.  How else could he explain the twenty men being killed and there not being any dead from Brass’s gang?  If he were Sam, he would conclude Stitches had warned Brass to be ready for a small army, after which Stitches then pretended to sell out Brass while really leading Sam’s men into a death trap.  Under that logic, Stitches would die.

But even if Sam thought Stitches had done his part to the letter, Sam could still conclude that he was of no use to him.  After all, he was a double agent but could no longer fill that role.  Could Sam keep him as part of his group nonetheless?  Doubtful.  He would have to know Stitches had a target on his back now about the size of a small building.  That meant people would be looking for Stitches.  And if Sam kept Stitches, and people were hunting Stitches, Stitches would—wittingly or unwittingly—lead those men right to Sam’s hideouts.  

Thus, if Stitches had any smarts, he would have to know Sam would kill him.  But Righty didn’t want Sam to kill him.  That was Righty’s job.  If anyone else did it, the lesson would not be learned.

Stitches’ third option would be to go to the police.  While far shrewder than the first two options, he would surely know that Sam had men working for the police who would then kill him outright or turn him in to Sam.  Nonetheless, this option, while risky, afforded more than a snowball’s chance in hell.  Stitches might be lucky enough to get the protection of an honest cop, who would see to it that he got whisked out of the city to a more protected place.  And Stitches might give some incriminating information about Mr. Brass.  

While the name itself bore little in common with the name Richard Franklin Simmers, the last thing Righty wanted was a tantalizing news article describing some mysterious man with professional-level boxing skills who had begun showing up at a junkyard and selling high-quality Smokeless Green while dressed as if he were going to work at the bank.  A man who used the alias Mr. Brass.  That, in conjunction with even a mediocre drawing, would have Righty on the run from the law far before even a scintilla of his grandiose visions for his future had been realized.

That left Stitches’ fourth and best option.  Run like the wind.  That was what Righty would do if he were Stitches.  Leave the country.  Or at least find a new city.  But Righty knew that just because option four was Stitches’ best option didn’t mean it was the one Stitches was most likely to take.  Truth be told, Righty had no clue what Stitches would do.

Thus, it was that at 3 p.m. on that day he was on Harold’s back flying high over the city of Sivingdel searching everywhere.  They had already been soaring above the clouds for over two hours, but Harold had spotted no sign of the scarred traitor.

That was when Righty decided it was time for a change in course.  It was the police option that was the worst for Righty, so it was time to start surveilling the area near the police station for any sign of Stitches.  Righty had had the foresight to bring a map of the city with him, and he instructed Harold where to go.

For the next several hours, Harold flew about in circles, keeping the streets approaching the police station within view.  Then, when Righty was starting to become unbearably tormented with images of Stitches stealing away into the countryside while Harold wasted his time surveilling the police station, he heard what he least expected from Harold:  “I see him.”

Righty almost gave the order right then and there for him to swoop down and pluck him right off the ground like a ripe tomato off the vine, but then he started to feel nervous.  What if—no matter how fast Harold flew—someone caught a glimpse of Righty’s face?  What would happen if this became a newspaper sensation?

He realized to his horror that he did not have the time for such careful reflections and that, since he had decided to go ahead in this lifestyle—risks be damned—he had better get used to making tough decisions like this on the fly.  Because it would be far from the last.

“Get him, Harold,” Righty said.

“There are a lot of people around,” Harold said, in a matter-of-fact voice.

Righty felt his gut tighten and then twist.  “How far is he from the police station?”

“Oh, he’s a ways off yet.  He probably won’t get there until about another forty seconds to a minute.”

“GO!!  GET HIM!!!” Righty commanded, not having time to rebuke Harold for making light of such dire circumstances.

He barely remembered to duck his head down towards Harold’s neck and strap down his upper body before Harold began a nose-dive descent.

Righty felt his stomach creeping farther and farther up his throat and felt like his entire body was being squeezed to a pulp by the unbearable speed.

Somehow he managed not to scream out loud, although it was his full inclination to do so.  But a low groan escaped his lips.

Every second that went by seemed to bring such a great increase in velocity that it almost jeered at the prior second’s speed.  It seemed to Righty that this alone was going to kill him and that he need not worry about police, Heavy Sam, the newspapers, or anything else.  By the time ten seconds had gone by, Righty would have sworn before his maker that he had been in free fall for an hour.

It seemed as if his head was going to explode.  He would have possibly even told Harold to abort the mission, but at this point he was in a state of shock and couldn’t utter a word.

Suddenly, he heard voices, and then more voices, but no sooner did he perceive that than he was almost thrown out of the harness by an abrupt change of angle.  The free fall had ended, and they were traveling horizontally.  But no sooner did he realize that than they were headed straight up into the air.

Although it was a slightly different sensation than the free fall, it shared a lot in common with it, particularly the feeling it gave to Righty that he was about to be crushed to mush by the speed.  Then, he felt Harold’s position change to horizontal once more.

Righty stayed close to Harold’s neck, full harness still on, for at least a couple minutes afterwards, but he became increasingly distracted by screaming.

“PUT ME DOWN!!  PUT ME DOWN!!  FOR KASANI’S SAKE, LET ME GO!!”

Curiosity got the better of Righty, and he unfastened the upper-body harness and sat upright.  He turned around and saw Sivingdel disappearing quickly over his shoulder and saw mountains approaching.  The screams below continued.

“Tell him to shut the hell up or you WILL let him go!”

Harold passed along the message to Stitches, who then did shut up.

About twenty minutes later they were amongst the mountains, and Righty told Harold to land.

Righty undid his harness to be ready, and as soon as Harold set Stitches down onto the snow, Righty leaped off Harold’s back and lunged at Stitches.

As for Stitches, no sooner did his feet hit the ground than he started sprinting as fast as he could on the snow.  

But Righty was faster.  He grabbed Stitches by the back of the neck with his left hand and gave him a hard uppercut to the kidneys with his right.  This knocked Stitches to the ground, who then immediately, lying on his back, put his feet up defensively.  Righty grabbed both feet quickly, spread them wide apart until Stitches body formed an upside down Y, and then smashed his foot down into his groin area.  This elicited a howl of pain.

Righty then grabbed Stitches by the back of the collar and stood him up.

“How many others?” Righty barked.

“I don’t know what you mean,” Stitches cried.

Righty punched Stitches so hard in his right arm that the bones splintered beneath the blow.

“How many others in the junkyard work for Sam?”

Stitches hesitated longer than Righty would have preferred, so he slammed him down onto the ground stomach first.

Righty then got on top of his back and put his right arm behind his back.  He then started slowly compressing the wrist.

“How many others in the junkyard work for Sam?” Righty repeated.

“Five,” Stitches howled.  “Please don’t break my wrist!”

“I won’t if you talk.  Now start talking!”

“Crabs, Chalky, Ben, Chris, and . . . .”

More squeezing.

“Ahhhh!!!”

“Who else?!”

“Spider!”

Righty let up on his wrist.

“You’re lying about Spider!” Righty accused.

“Just recently,” Stitches pleaded.  “He’s jealous because you’ve been showing a preference for Tats.”

“What has he done?  I want specifics!”

“He was there last time I spoke to Sam!  He told him what you looked like and everything else he could about you, since he’s seen you a lot more times than I have!”

“What else?” Righty asked calmly, not putting any more pressure on Stitches’ wrist.

“He sold his share of the Green to Sam, and then Sam gave him some low-grade Green and told him to sell it in your name so that people would stop buying any Green associated with Mr. Brass.”

“What else?” Righty asked, this time giving a less-than-gentle squeeze to Stitches’ wrist.

“That’s all!  I swear!”

“You’ve done well, Stitches, and believe me, you’ve saved yourself a lot of pain.”

He wasn’t even going to waste his time asking what he planned to do at the police station.  Righty was interested in facts, not “would-have-dones.”

Righty rolled Stitches over while simultaneously slipping brass knuckles onto his right hand.  He then sent a strong overhand right crashing down into Stitches’ forehead with the power of a sledgehammer, shattering his skull and ending Stitches’ inconsequential life instantly.  He would have preferred to end it at that, but unfortunately he knew he had a bit of theater to put on if he was to begin constructing the invisible fortifications of intimidation.

Chapter 23

When Righty arrived at the junkyard that day, at around 5 p.m., he was not overly surprised to find the normal meeting spot empty.  It was far earlier than the usual hour at which the gang met.  He walked for about fifteen minutes, until he came to what appeared to be a path leading towards some rather shabby looking houses.

As he headed down this way, he noticed a couple of young toughs walking in his direction.  He began to think he was going to have to smash two more heads really soon, but this idea was changed—to his relief—when he heard the sincere greeting:  “Mr. Brass!”

He didn’t know either of their names—or at least couldn’t remember them if he had been told them—but he did vaguely recognize their faces.

“You’re in these parts early, Mr. Brass!” one of the young men said good-naturedly, as if seeing Righty earlier than expected was a good omen.

Righty extended a hand warmly to each of the young men and shook each firmly.

“You’ll soon learn that my greatest weakness is names, so please don’t take offense if I’ve asked for yours previously.”

“It’s all good, Mr. Brass,” the same talkative young man said.  “I’m Chalky.  This here’s Crabs.  They call me Chalky ‘cuz if I’m not at the junkyard, I’m usually at the pool hall.  As for Crabs here . . . ,” he then pointed to Crabs’ neck grinning.  Two crabs could be seen in a death struggle, though it appeared the one on top would be having the other for dinner.  It had snipped off one of its opponent’s pincers and rammed the other right through its back.

Righty felt a vicious chill sweep through his body as the two names were revealed, but it did not reveal itself on his face.

“Are we meetin’ early tonight?” Mr. Brass, Chalky asked, “‘cuz I’m ready to go make some of that paper, you dig?”

“It may be a little early,” Righty replied calmly.  “I first just needed to go check on Tats.  We got into a bit of a scrape last night, and I just want to make sure he’s okay.”

“I can dig it.  I can dig it,” Chalky said happily, and Righty was beginning to wonder if Chalky had partaken of a generous portion of Smokeless Green today or was just blessed with a sunny disposition.

Chalky had the look of a man who would like to ask more than a few questions about the “scrape” but had wisely thought better of it.

“No worries.  No worries, Mr. Brass.  Tats lives just down this way.”

Righty was glad to see that both Chalky and Crabs permitted him to stay behind while they led the way.  Had either attempted to escort from behind, Righty may have lopped both their heads off.  To say he was feeling a bit on edge would do injustice to the phrase.

About five minutes later, Righty’s hand went back for his sword when someone walked right out in front of his path, but he brought it back empty to his side when he saw it was nothing more than a little girl.  She looked like she was about five years old.  She had dark black hair, innocent brown eyes, and a pretty dress.

“Hungry,” she said and held out her hand.

“Hey, Lisa,” Chalky said, “we’re kinda busy here, and he don’t know you.”

Righty looked down at the girl.  She was thoroughly dirty.  He had never been one to welcome panhandlers, but he couldn’t find it in his heart to turn her away.  He thought that if there were one place on this green earth where a panhandler might actually need money for food rather than for vice it had to be this forsaken junkyard.

As he reached down into his pocket for a coin, he realized he had no change.  Since he had already committed himself to giving the girl something, he realized he would have to part with at least one bill of the smallest currency he had.  This happened to be a one hundred falon bill.  

He bent down to one knee and told the girl, “This is for food or for clothes, not candy,” he told her.

She smiled mischievously and said, “Okay.”

“My two friends here will tell me if you spend it all on candy,” he said, forcing a smile.

“Food,” she said simply.

“That a girl,” he responded and handed her the money and patted her lightly on the head.

At that moment, he reminded himself of a picture he had seen recently in a book he had been reading about visual deception.  Looked at from one angle, a kind-looking gentleman could be seen.  Looked at from a different angle, a terrifying gargoyle stared menacingly.  He realized that if a person looked at him from the angle of what he had just done for the girl, he might be seen as a bit of a chivalrous gentleman.

Looked at from the angle of what he had in his bag, the terrifying gargoyle might seem tame by comparison.

“Yo, that’s right, Lees,” Chalky said, apparently invoking Lisa’s nickname, and then he pointed to his eye and then to hers.  She smiled and went running off.

Chalky again looked at Righty as if he was wanting to say or ask something but had thought better of it.

“See to it that money doesn’t go to drugs,” Righty said.

“Yes, sir, Mr. Brass.  Lisa’s mom’s got it pretty rough.  It’ll go to food.”

About fifteen minutes later, they arrived at a squalid shack that attempted to pass itself off for a house.

“Yo, Tats.  Brass is here,” Chalky announced.

There was no answer at the door.

“Yo, Tats.”  Chalky then banged on the door several times.

It then opened partway, and Righty saw a single eye scanning around diligently, perhaps searching for any sign of a setup.

As soon as the eye fell on him, the door opened.

“Thanks for the tour,” Righty said, handing a hundred-falon bill each to Crabs and Chalky.

“Mr. Brass, there’s really no need,” Chalky said.

“A man’s time is money, Chalky.”

Chalky saw by the look in Mr. Brass’s eye that there wasn’t going to be a debate.

“Tell the gang to be there in two hours,” he told Chalky calmly.  

Chalky got the hint, as did Crabs, and they both began walking away.

Righty looked at Tats and saw a mixture of emotions.  Surprise appeared to be the dominant one, but in a close second place was embarrassment.  

“It’s not exactly a mansion,” Tats said, his face turning red.

“Stick with me and you’ll have one,” Righty said calmly.  In fact, Tats was well on his way towards being able to afford a decent house but was unsure how to go about it.  He had been burying money inside his shack like a pirate on a deserted island, being distrustful of banks.  Yet he was also so unfamiliar with the process of getting a home that, even if he had the money right then and there to buy one, he would have been worried of getting cheated in the process or perhaps arrested as a thief just based upon his appearance.

 “Where can we talk alone?”

Tats paused for a moment and then opened the door wider, inviting Righty inside.

Righty could tell Tats had a lot to say but was struggling with what to say and what not to say, as well as what to ask and what not to ask.

“You keep earning more of my trust and respect,” Righty began.  “I told you to lie low in that fight, and you could have just hidden and let me get slaughtered.  I would have without your help.”

“That was some pretty serious swordplay, Mr. Brass.  I don’t mean to presume, but it seems you’ve been practicing.”

Righty grinned good-naturedly.

“Tats, you’re on the right track to learning yourself.  You’re my number one man in this crew.  In my absence, you’re in charge.”

Righty could see Tats was about to burst with curiosity but was restraining himself.  There were few things Righty admired more in a man than the ability not to ask too many questions, especially when dealing with an authority figure.

“You’re probably wondering just why in the hell you and I are having this conversation here without the impediment of jail bars between us.”

Tats nodded slowly and then broke into a grin about the size of a small mountain.

“Let’s just say I look after my own.  But both for your protection and mine, I am a firm believer in keeping everything on a need-to-know basis.  The only thing I’ll say right now on the subject is that if there ever comes a time when you absolutely need to know for your own safety or for the wellbeing of this organization, you will.”

Tats nodded solemnly.

“You’re on the right path for me arranging for you to get both a sword and sword lessons from one of the world’s finest sword smiths and swordsmen all in one.  But as for now, I fear you have a rather unpleasant task in front of you.”

Tats’ face had gleamed at the first part but grown solemn and apprehensive at the last.

“First, I have to show you something, and I apologize for doing this within your house.”

Tats’ face didn’t flinch when he saw Stitches’ severed head with both eyes gouged out and the word “TRAITOR” carved across his face.

“He had it coming,” Tats said calmly.

“That he did,” Righty agreed.

“I put my life and freedom on the line today to make sure I got to him before he did something really stupid like go and talk to the police.  I want you to both know and see that I’m not afraid to get my hands dirty.”

Tats looked a bit apprehensive, as he realized this was where he was going to be asked to complete some onerous task.

“Stitches gave some names before he died of people in our outfit working for Sam.”

Tats’ face grew even more apprehensive, but it seemed to Righty it was the apprehensiveness not of a guilty man but of one who fears being forced to contend with the accusations of the dead.

“Don’t worry.  Your name wasn’t mentioned.”

Tats’ face relaxed slightly.

“But there were five names,” and Righty listed them.

Tats buried his head in his hands for a moment.

“Spider and I grew up together.”

Righty said nothing but looked at him unflinchingly.

“But, as much as I hate to admit it, he’s been acting really strange lately.  Just the other day, he said something to the effect of, ‘So, is this your and Mr. Brass’s gang now?’  Spider and I have always been competitive with each other.  But I’ve suspected that this time it’s gone beyond mere rivalry.  He’ll disappear when a lot of the gang is meeting in the junkyard, and when he comes back he won’t say where he’s been.

“By itself, it was nothing strong enough for me to make the accusation, but I have to say it seems consistent with what Stitches said.”

That was enough in Righty’s mind.  The underworld deprives bosses of the luxury—or, as some would argue, the burden—judges have of reviewing inculpatory and exculpatory evidence for months because in the underworld if the judge fails to act quickly he himself will be killed.

“You’re going to kill Spider today in front of everyone,” Righty informed him matter-of-factly and then explained exactly how and what the signal would be.

Righty didn’t think less of Tats when he saw several tears escape from tightly closed eyelids.

“It’s okay, Tats,” Righty calmed him.  “Truth be told, I would have preferred to beat Stitches until he was a cripple rather than killing him.  But in this line of work crippling an enemy is little better than handing him a dagger and then turning your back to him.  A crippled enemy is still an enemy.  Only a dead enemy ceases to be an enemy.

“Look at it this way, by taking care of this problem, you’ll not only be protecting your own life, you’ll also be safeguarding your family.  When people see you’re willing to kill the friend you grew up with for disloyalty, they’ll know you’d do the same to them or worse without a second’s hesitation.  That means a lot less people will ever seriously think about hurting you or your family.  Which, ultimately, means fewer people get killed.”

Tats nodded his head forcefully but couldn’t quite raise his head.

“All right, enough about Spider.  What about the others?”

“As for Crabs and Chalky, Stitches is lying,” Tats said resolutely.  “Everyone in the gang knows that Stitches has hated Crabs and Chalky for years.  He hates Crabs because he stole his girlfriend.  He hates Chalky because he made so much money off of Stitches at the pool hall that he’s owed him money for the last ten years.”

Righty himself felt a bit of relief upon learning this news, but he wanted to poke around a bit more.

“And no strange disappearances or weird behavior with them?” Righty asked.

“None,” Tats said, looking him squarely in the eye.

Righty decided Crabs and Chalky would be spared for now and felt a small burden glide off his own shoulders.  He was learning really fast there would be plenty of necessary killings.  No need to burden his soul with innocent blood.

“And Ben and Chris?”

“I can’t say yes or no with them, Mr. Brass,” Tats said, but his face seemed to be pleading that they be given the benefit of the doubt.

“They’re good kids, just fifteen and sixteen each.  They’re brothers.  That’s why they don’t have nicknames yet.  They only recently started hanging out with the gang.  I don’t know of what beef Stitches would have with them, though, so I can’t vouch for them.  Couldn’t they be put under investigation?”

Righty wasn’t itching to kill anyone, much less a couple of teenage brothers, but he knew there was going to have to be some preference towards erring on the side of preemption.  He didn’t want to wait until his enemies were twenty steps from a police station with a lot of nasty gossip in their mouths, or until they had set him up for a vicious ambush, before he eliminated them.

“Think, Tats.  Any strange behavior?  Any reason Stitches might have had beef with them?  Or even with their family?”

“I can’t think of any, but Stitches was a vicious little snake, as you yourself learned.  It was always hard to know what Stitches was really thinking.”

“I’ll give you two choices, Tats.  One, you kill both of them today.  Two, you yourself put them under investigation, and within one week you either bring me their heads or your word that they’re clean.”

“One week,” Tats said solemnly.

“We’ve got a meeting in a bit,” Righty said.  “How about you show me around this junkyard some and introduce me to some more people.”

Tats nodded.

Chapter 24

As Righty and Tats walked towards the junkyard meeting place at around 7 p.m., Righty was acutely aware that to many a person assessing his deeds—whether it be a person hearing about them through barroom gossip, reading about them one day in the newspapers, or perhaps even studying them in a university class on ethics in some distant century—he would come across as indistinguishable from a common bandit and murderer.  

But Righty had analyzed the situation carefully during many a late night poring over a history, economics, or philosophy book and during many a physically exhausting session of sword practice and had come to a radically different conclusion.

The way he saw it, when the government had passed SISA it had done so illegally, given its flagrant unconstitutionality, something which had been confirmed by the district court judge in the nation’s capital recently.  And the state’s criminality had only been further exposed by its decision to appeal the sound decision of the district court judge and to furthermore continue arresting those guilty of SISA offenses.

As a result of the state’s illegal behavior, it had created a jurisdictional void inside the geographical realm of Selegania, and anyone using Smokeless Green or in any other way involved in the enterprise of SG was doing so inside that jurisdictional void.  In all related actions, SISA violators were neither subject to the lawful prosecution of the state nor beneficiaries of its legal protections.  They were in a sense barbarian tribes subject to nothing more than natural law and the laws to which they voluntarily subjected themselves.

For example, self-defense was a natural law, and was something Righty had exercised liberally against would-be robbers and assassins.  As for individuals voluntarily subjecting themselves to laws, all members of Righty’s gang were akin to barbarians who voluntarily submitted themselves to the autocratic rule of a chieftain—i.e., a dictator.  There was mutual benefit.  Under Righty’s leadership, they had far-better protection against enemy tribes—i.e., rival drug gangs.  And with the manpower of his willing subjects, Righty had a burgeoning army at his disposal with which to better protect his interests against enemy tribes.

As for the law concerning interactions with enemy tribes, Righty saw this as akin to international law.  Since both Sam’s gang and Righty’s gang were essentially two rival sovereign nations existing within the jurisdictional void created by the illegal SISA, Righty believed that any hostilities between the two nations needed to be looked at under the international laws of war, and not national laws, such as robbery, murder, etc.  Under any reasonable interpretation of international law, Sam’s nation had declared war upon Righty’s nation when it attempted to assassinate that nation’s sovereign in the alley last night.

Thus, to Righty, from that moment onward—at a minimum; this did not even take into account the hostile incursions into Righty’s territory—a state of war had existed between Righty’s nation and Sam’s nation, and only the rules of war could dictate the outermost bounds of propriety when executing that war.  And under Righty’s interpretation of the rules of war, very little was off the table.

As for the autocratic way in which Righty ruled his nation, Righty felt this was justified thoroughly by the fact that the members of his nation had elected him leader without any constraints on his power, and that alone, in his mind, was sufficient to justify all actions he took in a good-faith effort to run his organization successfully within the jurisdictional void of SISA.  Righty still considered Selegania to have full legal jurisdiction in all other criminal matters outside of SISA.  Thus, robbery, arson, rape, theft, etc., when not related in any way to SISA, would not be tolerated within his organization.

However, to whatever extent he struggled slightly with the exercise of heavy-handed methods, he rationalized that this was due to the barbaric state of development at which his nation currently found itself.  It had only recently been founded, and it was surrounded by enemies.  According to his reading of history, such circumstances more than sufficed to justify dictatorial rule.

He did wonder, however, if there would perhaps come a day when his power would be so great, and his enemies so few, that he would have the luxury of dealing with problems such as the ones he was dealing with now in a more liberal fashion.  That, he decided, was a bridge he would cross if he indeed ever came to it.

“Mr. Brass?”

Righty’s mind returned from its distant journey back to his body’s present surroundings.  He had been caught fully immersed in a profound reverie and had barely realized he had reached the junkyard meeting location.

Righty simply looked at Tats and gave a confident, affirmative nod.

Righty walked to the front of the group gathered there, which constituted approximately thirty individuals.  Membership had not yet been formalized.  That was something Righty intended to deal with in the not-too distant future, but for now there were far more-pressing matters.  Furthermore, he saw mostly familiar faces, and while the issue of membership was still an unanswered question, in his mind the question of authority was most assuredly answered.  Merely presenting oneself at this meeting location was to subject oneself wholly and without exception to his authority.

Without pomp or fanfare, he began:  “We’ve got twenty pounds to move tonight.  I consigned all to Tats for a fifty percent down payment.  I want it moved tonight so I can get paid tonight and consign another twenty tomorrow.  You’ll make payment to Tats, and Tats will pay me.  Remember, when you’re dealing with Tats in all matters of payment, you’re dealing with me too.”

Righty could swear Spider’s eyes seemed to have beams of pure hatred emanating therefrom potent enough to pierce solid steel.

“I want you to break up into groups of four.  Crabs, Chalky, Spider, and Tats will pick their men.”

Righty then called Crabs and handed him five pounds.  Then, Chalky, and handed him five pounds.

“Spider,” Righty called.

Spider walked forward, the hatred diminishing partially as he walked towards Righty and faced his direct stare.

“How are you, Spider?” Righty greeted him warmly with an outstretched hand.

Spider coldly extended his own hand as if it were a limp dishrag, which he removed after a very rapid handshake.

Ignoring the insult, and with a grin on his face, Righty said, “I just want you to do me one small favor tonight,” as he handed the five pounds to Spider.

Spider looked up intrigued.

Still smiling, Righty said, “Don’t go giving any of this to Sam’s guys.”

Righty looked deep into his eyes, and he saw terror mixed with guilt.  And he knew.  He knew.

“Make sure he doesn’t, Tats,” Righty then added calmly, as if an afterthought.

Tats brought the dagger to Spider’s neck from behind, slashing from the get-go, rather than bringing it around to the other side first and only then cutting on the return trip.  That had been strictly in accordance with Righty’s instructions, as Pitkins had once explained to him that if you bring the blade to the far side first that gives the opponent a brief opportunity to react and defend himself.

Blood squirted out in some places, while rivers gushed out in others.  

Spider reacted in fear and fury, but before he could do anything Righty grabbed both hands and squeezed them so hard the tendons nearly snapped.  He saw nothing cowardly in the act.  This was not a fight.  It was an execution.

Once Tats had finished his slice on the return trip, he then let go and kicked Spider to the ground.

“Friends,” Righty began to address the group.  “I want to be very clear.  It gave neither Tats nor me any pleasure to do that, but Spider was working for Sam.  He was handing out our quality product to Sam for cash and then handing out crap to our clients.  That means our reputation goes down, we lose customers, and we all lose money.

“That was a problem.  The problem has been solved.  If anyone sees it differently say so right here, right now, in front of everyone, or forever hold your peace.  If I hear of anyone so much as disagreeing with my decision on this matter, I’ll deal with it.”

Righty gave a long, hard look around.

Then, he took the second bag off of his back and sent Stitches’ head rolling into the middle of the group.  There were a few audible gasps as the ghastly sight introduced itself to the assembly.

“Last night, Tats and I nearly lost our lives.  Stitches set us up against twenty armed men in an alleyway in what not too long ago was your undisputed territory.  Tats stood by me, and we kicked some ass, but it was a close call.  Stitches did this because he too was working for Sam.  If he had succeeded, you can rest assured that Sam’s goons would have already swept through this area and wiped all of you out.  Or Stitches would have set you up, one by one.  But it would have been the same result.”

Righty then grabbed a sharp piece of steel he had previously seen lying in the junkyard nearby and stuck Stitches’ head right on top of it.

“A traitor in your midst is no different than a cobra in your bed.  If anyone in this group knows of anyone else working for Sam, now’s the time to come forward.  From now on, holding out information that someone is working for Sam will be punished the same as working for him.”

Righty then surveyed the eyes of each and every one of them, searching for the slightest sign of treachery.  He saw fear and nervousness but nothing else.

Righty then smiled warmly.  “Now, let’s let bygones be bygones.  I know there are a lot of good men amongst you, and as Tats can attest, I look out for my people.”

He looked over at Tats.  He hadn’t lost the battle with any tears this time—if he had even contended with them at all.  His face looked grim and hard.  The look of a man who had just done a nasty job that needed to be done but that was no less nasty because of it.

“Mr. Brass saved my life last night when he could have more safely left me there.”

That was all.  But there was a strength in its simplicity.  No one there had more credibility with the junkyard residents than Tats, and this simple, but firm, voucher quelled any potential there might have been at that moment for a rebellion.

Chapter 25

If Righty had remembered at that time the note Janie left for him, there would have perhaps been an intense mental struggle over whether to return immediately to Ringsetter and leave street prowling and turf wars for another night.  Yet, others may argue that the very fact this important message had slipped from his awareness suggests the outcome of the dilemma was never in serious dispute.

Righty had no idea what to expect tonight.  Part of him figured Heavy Sam would be irate over his failure and redouble his efforts to strike him dead.  Another part of him thought Sam might be a bit spooked by his unexpected escape and might seek to hang back for a moment or two and assess the situation.

Righty went with a group headed by Chalky.  He figured it would be good to see new areas and have more people associate Righty’s face with Righty’s men.  He wanted to be sure that when his agents were out there moving his product they were firmly aware of the face they would be looking into if they roughed up his crew or otherwise failed to play straight.

While Righty was out that night, he noticed the looks he got were a bit different from the night before.  It appeared that a little back-alley gossip had gotten around, and every time he said the name Brass, he got a look from the person he was speaking to like he had just seen a ghost.  He couldn’t recall having heard the word “sir” or “mister” as a form of address more than once or twice last night, whereas tonight the situation was reversed.  And even those one or two individuals seemed to have a more polite bearing about them than they would have otherwise.

As for Righty, he typically used “sir” with those he was meeting, as he figured they would get his respect by default and would find out about the price to pay if they lost it.

Chapter 26

“On a bird?!” Sam asked, irritably, but not screaming.

Heavy Sam was talking to Chief Lloyd Benson of the Sivingdel Police Department, and thus, Sam tried to refrain from yelling to the extent his irascible disposition permitted.  If there was one ally Sam definitely did not want to lose, it was Chief Benson.

“That’s what I said,” replied Chief Benson, seemingly unoffended by the incredulity in his host’s tone.  “But not just any bird,” Benson continued.  “It looked to me like a pholung.”

“A pho what?!”

“A pholung.  They’re far larger than eagles, capable of carrying a man by the talons or letting one ride on his back, though I must say it was the first time I ever saw the latter.”

Sam looked confused, so Benson helped him.  “Don’t feel bad, Samuel” (as the chief tended to call him) “for finding this odd.  You’re a city boy.  I spent the first twenty years of my life in the country.  You see a thing or two out there that would sound just plain crazy to city folk.  That’s why I don’t have an all-points bulletin out on a large pholung carrying around a suspect in the Sivingdel Massacre.

“When I was six years old, I saw a man carried off by one.  He went away hollering and screaming something terrible.  Locals said it was revenge because he had swiped the pholung’s chicks.  The pholung had followed the scent back to his farm, and, although it was too late to save the chicks, apparently the pholung decided revenge was second best, so he carried that man up in the sky until he was about the size of a small acorn and let him drop right on top of his house.

“I saw it with my own eyes and so did about six or seven other people, but if you go a dozen blocks down to our fine city’s university and talk to a zoology professor, he’ll tell you that pholungs stay away from people under all circumstances, period.  Well, the professor’s got his books, and I’ve got my experience, and I’ll take my experience any damn day of the week over his book learning.”

“Yeah,” Sam said, with a nasty snarl on his face.  “It’s all very interesting, but what’s this business about ‘the latter’?  You sayin’ that you saw this man riding on the back of the bird?”

“If you were a newspaper reporter or government official, I would tell you, ‘This is a clear-cut case of a gang fight with no survivors.  Our police officers sifted through every square inch of that alley and saw no sign of anyone having escaped.’  But you’re not a newspaper reporter, and you’re damn sure no government official, so I’ll give it to you straight.  Yes, yes, and hell yes, that’s what I saw.  He was crouched low, but there was no mistaking him.  But then the weirdest thing happened.”

Sam was beginning to feel like he was five years old again, sitting around the campfire telling ghost stories.  Had any other man come to him with this porridge and told him to drink it, he would have cracked his skull in under the best of moods.

“He returned into the alley.”

“What?  Did he come flyin’ at you guys?”

“No, the bird just swooped down and picked up a barrel and flew off.  Maybe there was money in there.  Maybe drugs.  Maybe he had a comrade hidden in there.  Beats me.  But that’s what I saw.”

“Chief, this beats all.  I’m flyin’ blind here, and this guy’s flyin’ a damn bird.  What am I payin’ ya for?”

The chief knew better than to answer such questions.  He viewed Sam as a wealthy, ill-tempered five-year-old trapped inside the physical body of a ferocious lion.  Such creatures must be given some room to vent.

Sam let out a long, loud sigh that also happened to release a cloud of cigar smoke so thick that if one did not know its source he may have mistaken it for an impending storm.

“Where’s Stitches?  He’s been my main eyes in that group ever since Scorpion got his head whacked off.”

The chief paused for a moment.  He had typically felt safe in his interactions with Sam based upon the fact Sam needed him to keep the police off of his back and onto the backs of every crook not affiliated with his gang.  That had been a wise investment strategy on Sam’s part from the day he was able to afford it and had accelerated his meteoric rise.  But Sam had been seeming increasingly unstable lately, something Benson attributed to his worsening Smokeless Green habit, coupled by his uncontrollable addiction to several potent muscle-building herbs.

His police baton could readily be converted into a dagger so vicious it blurred the line between sword and dagger, and, truth be told, whenever he practiced with it on his wooden dummy at home, it was more often than not one or more vital portions of Sam’s ghastly frame that he imagined himself sinking the blade into.

“I’m afraid that with Stitches, there may be some more bad news, although, unlike the alleyway phenomenon, it is not something I can speak of with certainty.”

“Shoot,” Sam ordered.

“Well, just today there was a very bizarre occurrence in front of our police station.”

Sam’s eyes glowed like coals, but Benson knew there was no retreating now.

“Several witnesses walked into the station to report that some dreadful creature had just swooped down from the sky and snatched a young man walking towards the station.  They said he screamed loudly but disappeared so quickly into the sky, and his screams with him, that it was all over before they even realized what was happening or got a good look at him.”

“So they saw nothin’,” Sam remarked, trying to sound tough, but it was clear he was worried.

“Well, that was what the witnesses said at first, but then I asked them if they saw any kind of distinguishing features about the individual.  And I started out with tattoos, piercings, a limp or other strange means of walking, and they were all as silent as the grave.  But then when I asked about scars, one of them piped up right away and said, ‘I did notice a moment or two before that the man seemed to have some dreadful scars on his face.’  But then she said she couldn’t be sure that it was the same guy who was snatched, because it all happened so fast.  She may have simply lost track of the scarred guy in the crowd.”

“Yeah,” Sam began slowly, purple veins beginning to become visible on his neck, “but no scarred guy came walkin’ in der now did he?!  And you know Stitches when you see Stitches.  Am I right, or am I right?”

“I concede most of our officers would recognize Stitches,” Benson said matter-of-factly.

Benson didn’t quite see this tantrum coming.  

“KASANI!!!!!!!!” Sam shouted, suddenly lifting the table up and over, and then he began a boxing match with the wall.  Benson thought he must have seen fifty punches thrown in the minute-long tornado that ensued.  Plaster flew everywhere, but Sam’s cigar never fell from his mouth.

When it was all said and done, he returned back to his desk, lifted it back up, and sat back down behind it.  Blood trickled from dozens of nicks and gashes on Sam’s meaty knuckles, and he was breathing heavily.

“Whooo!!!  Sorry, Chief!  Sometimes, I just need to clear my mind a little, ya know.”

The chief calmly closed his cane back together.  He had moments ago, with slightly less calm, opened it sufficiently that if Sam had lunged at him he could have sunk sixteen inches of steel into his throat.

“It’s been a bad night, Samuel,” the chief replied with a fake calm, and he realized he hadn’t been able to completely hide the apprehensiveness in it.

“So, let’s talk facts.  I lose Scorpion to this guy, so I sends Stitches to set him up for a meet and greet with twenty of my toughest men.  They ends up in pieces, and Brass escapes on a bird.  Stitches then has somethin’ on his mind he wants to share with the boys in blue, and a bird decides it would be best if he took a little one-way flight somewhere.  So, Brass the Bird Man strikes again!  And it all sounds so nutty I can’t use my contacts to put it in the papers ‘cuz people would think it was nuttier than visitors from the moon with five eyeballs and six noses.  So, Chief, what do we do?  I ain’t payin’ you peanuts, in case you’s forgot.  Do I have a sit-down with this guy and let him keep his little junkyard rats and his few measly blocks of business to himself, or do I march all one thousand of my men down to that filthy little junkyard and kill every single last rat in it and hope I get this mangy Brass mutt at the same time?”

“If you go marching one thousand of your wild hooligans down to the junkyard neighborhoods with their bats, broken bottles, brass knuckles, and swords to start smashing, bashing, and slashing every able-bodied man they see, you’re going to create a far-greater ruckus than what you can quiet down by paying me off.  Not even if you had the entire city council in your pocket could you carry out such an outrage with impunity.  It would hit the national newspapers in days, and if the army were not pulled from its sundry bases to come and restore order to this pit of barbarism then I could not predict the outcome in a race between a cheetah and a turtle!”

Sam looked at Chief Benson furiously.

“So that’s it.  It’s ovuh.  He wins ‘cuz if I takes him out whiles I can, it’s gonna cause a ruckus?!”

“Mr. Belvur,” the chief began, surprising himself by this formal salutation, something he had never before awarded Sam, “now that’s not what I said, is it?  Frankly, I don’t know what the best solution is for you, but before you go getting too huffy with me, I think it would behoove us both to take a look at what you do pay me for.  You do pay me not to arrest you.  You do pay me not to arrest any member of your gang without your prior approval and to release any member of your gang who ends up arrested.  You do pay me to warn you about upcoming police raids, which I am obligated to make from time to time to keep up appearances.

“But while I may occasionally remark to you that a stratagem you have in mind would invoke too much furor for it to be wise, that does not mean one of my job titles is Kingpin Tactician!”

Once Benson saw this had brought Sam down a peg or two, he then said, “Furthermore, you don’t even know what this Brass fellow looks like.  Now that Stitches is gone, you’re going to have your work cut out for you on that, unless you have other agents in his gang.  Suppose you went into the junkyard neighborhoods and started killing people willy-nilly—there would be no way you could even assure yourself of acquiring your true target.  After all, it’s Brass you want.  Were it not for him, all of the junkyard crooks would now be working for you.  It’s not their fault.  It’s his.”

While Benson could never be truly certain that Reason was working her way into Sam’s head, it did seem that she was having a slight calming effect, perhaps similar to the flutist charming a hooded cobra, which still remains ready to strike.

“You should consider patiently waiting until you know how to find this gentleman.  Then, you should seek to kill him without great commotion.  Need I remind you that the death of your twenty men served as a catalyst to the formation of the National Drug Police, something my sources tell me is being filled with recruits of a most-militant mindset?  This alone will soon enough be causing you sufficient troubles, for they will have their own separate jurisdiction for all matters concerning Smokeless Green.  If you show up on their priority list because you create a ruckus with this whole Brass thing, and you are unable to bribe them, you are going to soon have troubles that will make you wish you had allowed Brass to keep a few rotting blocks of city turf.”

Benson could tell some portion of his advice had had an ameliorative effect on Sam, for he looked rather docile now by comparison.  He was not sure which portion Sam had found cogent, but he soon had his answer.

“‘Rotting blocks’ is damn right!” Sam said with emphasis.  “Some of the lousiest, two-bit, third-rate blocks in this city!” Sam said again, apparently unaware it was himself he was trying to convince.

“Spider’ll tell me what Brass looks like.  He’ll set him up nice and clean like Stitches did.  ‘Cept next time, I’ll send fifty men into the alley if that’s what it takes.  Or find five men that can be sure to do that job.  Or, I’ll do it my damn self.”

Chief Benson thought this was as good a time as any to be excusing himself, and he was relieved not to find opposition from Sam.  On his way to his carriage, and then to his home, he found himself deep in considerable thought.  He was beginning to wonder whether he was on the wrong side of this war.  After all, this Brass character was a wily fellow, and the fact alone that he had the guts to ride on the back of a pholung—and a freakishly large one at that, if what he had seen in his country days told him anything about the average size—gave him an itch to meet the man.

But that wasn’t all.  Sam was becoming a bit too explosive for Benson’s tastes.  The money was hard to complain about.  He was making per month from Sam what he made per year from his normal salary, but Sam’s temper had only grown worse and worse over the course of the last year, and he found himself dreading each meeting with a progressively increasing intensity, and he wondered if it was a matter of when rather than if Sam would one day attempt to pulverize him with those meaty fists of his.  Even with his bladed cane, he knew that—like the hunter of the great bear—he would have to aim true, for if his blade hit anywhere other than the throat, eyes, or heart, the last thing he would see would be one of Sam’s carriage-sized fists hurtling towards his skull.

Something told him Brass was a different man altogether.  And most likely not from the junkyard.  His name had only recently begun to circulate in police circles, and yet in such a brief matter of time he had gone from obscurity to taking out Sam’s puppet leader, Scorpion, and then thwarting an assassination attempt by twenty of Sam’s most brutal thugs.  Benson’s instincts told him there was something special about this man.  He most likely was not from the streets but had come from some curious walk of life that had prepared him superbly not to merely walk on them but to rule over them.  Perhaps an ex-military man?

There would be plenty more analyzing to do as the details trickled in, but what intrigued him the most was his gut instinct that Brass would be an incredibly more pleasant business partner than Sam.  Perhaps, he and this Brass character had something in common, should it indeed prove true that this was no lifelong criminal but rather a man who had acquired his taste for crime in a later stage of life.  For Benson it had been the hypocrisy of SISA.  Thirty years he had worked these streets—either as a patrolman or, as of late, the chief overseeing the investigations thereof—and time and time again he had seen the vile effects of alcohol.  Whether it was two men with a dozen stab wounds earned in a drunken argument over an inconsequential matter, or the man who beat his wife into a coma while three sheets to the wind, he had seen alcohol’s horrendous effects time and time again.  Yet no talk of outlawing it.  

And not that he would have said it should be.  After all, he had a tendency to crack open a history book or two now and then, and he knew about the bloody history behind Article 8.  Centuries ago, the nation had been plunged into near anarchy due to the corruptive influence of bootlegging gangs.  They had corrupted the local police and politicians and then the national ones.  It then became a violent civil war between the gangs, each with their own motley assortment of purchased policemen and politicians waging the war alongside them, all the while claiming they were winning the war against alcohol.

It had culminated not only in the repealing of all laws outlawing alcohol but also in the addition of Article 8 to the Seleganian Constitution, which forbade the Senate—that pit of vipers—from ever criminalizing the voluntary adult consumption of any non-poisonous substance.  History oft gives her lessons, but seldom is she heeded.  He smiled to himself as the well-known maxim entered his mind.

He knew the Sivingdel Massacre was not the tip of the iceberg.  That would offend the metaphor.  It was a nick on the tip of the iceberg.  And he had no intention of putting his life on the line for the next fifteen years on lousy government pay to enforce an unconstitutional law.  Heck, if he could survive a year or two while making money on the side from a kingpin, he could then retire in style.  The thought of a large ranch out in the countryside seemed nicer now than ever.  Perhaps a ranch like the one his father used to own before he passed away from that rattlesnake bite, after which the family learned of his gambling debts.  Then came the creditors.  And then went the ranch.  He had never dreamed he could ever afford a ranch like the one his dad once had, but . . . maybe, just maybe, he could after all.

He would be keeping his ear to the ground and developing his own profile of Brass.  And if he thought it looked prettier than that of Heavy Sam’s, well then who could blame him if, like any discerning shopper, he considered his options?

Chapter 27

By the time the night was over, Righty’s only concern was it seemed too good.  They had taken back a block or two of Sam’s turf, and not one person had offered them any trouble.  It seemed too much like the proverbial calm before the storm.  At around 5 a.m., the group met back at the junkyard, and Righty pulled Tats aside.

“Where’s your sword?”

“It’s back at the house.”

Righty almost changed his mind, but he refused to be undeterred.  

“Okay, you can use your sword later, for now use this.”  He handed Tats a piece of steel from the junkyard.  He then picked up a piece of steel for himself, not wishing to expose his own sword’s hiding place to any potential onlookers.

“Now keep in mind I’m not a master, and I don’t presume to be, but I can teach you a few things.  And maybe I can take you to see my master one day.”

Tats nodded solemnly.  Righty then taught him several postures, basic attacks, and basic defenses.

“Practice and internalize these movements, Tats.  Make them second nature.  Otherwise, you’re better not even pulling your sword out at all.”

“Yes, sir,” Tats said with a serious expression.  He would be practicing until daylight.

Suddenly, Righty remembered the note Janie had left.

“Got to get going, Tats.  Tomorrow.  Nine p.m.”

Tats nodded.

Righty barely contained his urge to start sprinting.  He left the junkyard as swiftly as he could without appearing to be under pursuit.  His anxiety about having left Janie home alone two nights in a row without having given her any kind of warning or white lie to prevent any needless worrying caused him to begin to feel panicky all over, and as he walked out into the pitch black of the countryside he had the sudden fear that Harold would not be arriving and that Righty would be stuck out here a good two or three days’ walk from Ringsetter.  Perhaps Harold had had enough of him.  That would be worse than being killed by Sam himself.

Far from a glorious battle to the death, Righty would simply drift away into obscurity, perhaps the way he had always been intended to.  There would be no more thirty-minute commutes between Ringsetter and Sivingdel and most certainly no more impulsive trips to the tops of mountains when the urge to have a little alone time struck him.  No, he would be bouncing up and down on the back of a horse hour after hour each trip to Sivingdel and back, and if he found himself trapped in the back end of a dead-end alley, then he would just have to face the music.

These dreadful thoughts were interrupted by the ever-pleasant whoosh of air that swept over him when Harold arrived.

“It’s good to see you, buddy,” he said, as Harold lay down prostrate for a moment in order to permit Righty to get on top of his large frame.  And then they were off.  

And thirty minutes later he was home.

He unlocked the door and walked inside.  No lights were on.

“Janie, it’s me.”

Nothing.

He lit a candle and walked towards their room.  He saw a figure inside his bed.

“Janie?”

The figure shifted position inside the bed, and he saw her tell-tale jet-black hair.

He went towards the bed and began to lie down.

“AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!” she screamed at the top of her lungs and then rolling off the bed and crashing onto the floor.

He himself crashed into the wall, but on the opposite side, as he recoiled in terror, thinking perhaps he had disturbed the slumber of some demon.

“Janie!  It’s me for Kasani’s sake!!”

She then squinted at him in the candlelight, and as soon as she was convinced it was him, she went back to bed without saying so much as hello.

Righty knew he would probably never earn an A+ in Sensitivity, but he was enlightened enough to know his presence was not welcome at this particular moment. 

He went to the kitchen, grabbed a piece of paper and began writing:

Dear Janie,

I’m sorry I’ve been away without explanation.  I’ve been looking for a site for a new store in Sivingdel.  Business has been good here in Ringsetter, and I want to reinvest my earnings into business expansion.  I wanted to surprise you.  I thought it would only take a day, but I’ve been facing a nightmarish combination of shady real estate agents and tough decisions about location.  I want you to be proud of me, and I guess I wanted to keep it a secret until the store was a success.  Stupid, I know.  I’m sorry.

Love,

Richie

He was about to put the note on the table and go look for Harold to see if he was up for whisking him away to one of the remote mountaintops near his soon-to-be ranch.  After all, it would be a cold night here or there, but at least there he could smell the pine trees.

But a warm, soft hand closed around his before taking the note from him.

He felt almost as afraid at that moment as he had in the alleyway a night ago.  While his ambition lay in Sivingdel, his heart was here, and Janie owned it.  When he heard the note being folded up rather than wadded and torn, he dared look at Janie.  A few silent tears were streaming down her face.  

“Haven’t you proved yourself enough to the world, Richie?” Janie said softly.

Righty grabbed her in his arms and held her close.  The warmth of her body charged his and refreshed his soul.  It seemed to Righty an eternity passed, which meant at least five minutes.

“I’m pregnant, Rich,” she said.  “We need you.”

Righty gulped.   

Chapter 28

For several days, Righty somehow managed to pretend this news didn’t matter.  He had some really profitable nights in Sivingdel and didn’t find himself ambushed in any alleyways or elsewhere.

But today when Righty went outside for his morning practice, he had a lot on his mind.  He was thinking about Eddie and the little one on the way.  He felt an immense sense of relief Eddie had gone away to be tutored by that professor because Righty felt that with his new line of work the farther his family was away from him the safer they were.  He would fight to keep their locations and identities hidden, but part of him knew that might not last forever.

But with enough time, perhaps things could reach a relative calm.  He wasn’t quite sure how, and he wasn’t quite sure when, that might happen, but he knew one thing.  It wouldn’t be soon.

Suddenly, what had merely been a vague notion all morning now transformed itself into a firm resolve.

“Harold.”

Harold looked at him intently.

“There’s going to be a major change effective immediately.  I don’t think you’re gonna like it.  And I’m gonna like it even less.”

Harold looked worried.

“From now on, watching my wife is your primary job.  You can take me to Sivingdel and back, but except for when you’re transporting me, you’ve got to watch Janie.”

Harold would have appeared calm to anyone unacquainted with him, but as Righty had grown to know him rather well, he saw Harold was irate.

“She’s pregnant, Harold.”

Righty saw the look of fury turn into understanding mixed with disappointment.  Then, deep thought.

Harold was considering the irony of the moment.  He had lectured Righty on trust when Righty showed deep concern about ever revealing Harold’s existence to Tats, yet Harold was not without his own secrets.  And he was holding them from a man he was becoming more convinced by the day was trustworthy.  Righty had not yet been given the opportunity to show whether he would put his life or interests on the line in order to protect Harold, as he had done multiple times with Tats, but in Harold’s analysis these acts revealed that it was within Righty’s character to be loyal to those who were loyal to him.  The time had come for Harold to follow his own advice.

“Suppose I had the means to provide protection for Janie while still remaining by your side.”

“Do you have a twin?” Righty asked, joking.

“Not quite, but I do have access to other aerial companions.  They could keep watch on Janie and let out a distress call if she were to be in any danger.  They could be strategically placed at intervals between your location and Janie’s so that I could be alerted almost instantly to any trouble.  And better than that, with a bit of training, I think you could train them to be alert to any suspicious individuals approaching Ringsetter.  That way, I could be alerted even before such individuals reached Ringsetter.  I would then investigate the situation personally and take care of any danger.”

“I get the impression these aerial companions wouldn’t be capable of taking out a human without your help.”

“They’re significantly smaller, yes,” Harold replied, hoping he would not be forced to reveal they were no bigger than the common robin.

“Well, it sounds almost too good to be true,” Righty said, “but we’ll try it.  How long will it take you to bring them?”

“It could be as long as several days.  Two would probably be the shortest.  I’m not sure how well they handle long-distance flights.”

There was an awkward silence.  Righty then patted the side of Harold’s massive neck.

“You’re the best friend I’ve ever had.  You take care of yourself.”

Harold didn’t know what to say.  He had never had a friend before, nor did he realize Righty saw him as such.  He saw this as an unequaled chance to make a demand of his own.

“There will be a condition,” Harold said.

“Sounds fair enough,” said Righty, not sounding apprehensive in the slightest.

“These birds will be under my control.  General strategy is still yours.  But I know how to handle these creatures.  It will be up to me to decide how they fit into carrying out your strategies, although I will welcome your input.”

Realizing he had absolutely no chip to bargain with, Righty said, “You’ve got it.”

“Time’s a-wastin’,” Harold suddenly said and went flapping off into the sky, becoming a mere speck heading west seconds later.

Righty groaned inwardly as he thought of the several hours of horseback riding he would have each way today.  But that was a small concern compared to the lack of backup he would have.  He felt as helpless as a mouse in a hole full of rattlesnakes.  And he felt a sense of terror at the thought that Harold might never return, leaving him to face alone the nightmarish world in which he had enmeshed himself and perhaps even his family.

Chapter 29

Sam was seething after the chief left.  He sniffed three thick lines of Smokeless Green one after another with barely a breath in between and then went downstairs to his large private gym.  He took off all his clothes except for his undergarments, revealing a grotesque musculature that far exceeded the vainest desires of even the most avid weightlifter.

He had been taking potent muscle-building herbs over the last couple years that he acquired from a local botanist.  He multiplied times three what she had said was the safest daily maximum intake because, in his experience, people often underestimated what he could handle.  He had noticed amazing gains in strength ever since, but things had really kicked off once he had discovered Smokeless Green.  

While Righty was diligently mastering the complexity of various attacks, ripostes, and parries each morning, Sam was in his gym for an hour of weightlifting that would make even the most accomplished lifter cringe.  Sam had five hundred pounds on the bench press right now and began his first set of fifteen.

Blood rushed to his pectoral muscles, diverting it away from his brain, where it might have been more useful at the moment, for he was deep in thought.  What he hated the most about what the chief had said about marching into the junkyard with all one thousand toughs was the fact that he knew the chief was absolutely right.  No matter how hard he tried to imagine that scenario going well, he couldn’t.

It was far easier to imagine the army coming into Sivingdel after such an outrage, after which they would quickly discover who was responsible and bring him to justice.  Furthermore, even if a miracle among miracles happened and the army didn’t come, there was a good chance this wily Brass fellow wouldn’t even be there when his toughs arrived.  After all, he had managed to elude police officers who had him trapped in a closed alley.  How hard would it be for him to hightail it out of the junkyard on foot—or, Kasani forbid, with the help of his mysterious bird—without suffering so much as a nick in the process?

It was a likely scenario that Sam would lose quite a few of his men in the attack—although their ultimate victory would be ensured—and in the end would not get his quarry.  Furthermore, all those young men in the junkyard were potential members of his gang, which meant they were potential moneymakers.  Killing potential moneymakers and losing a good number of his own moneymakers in the process was not exactly a good business strategy.  Not to mention the fact that in the process he would probably scare off a lot of customers with such brutal tactics.  And he would probably lose the chief’s goodwill.

CLUNK!!

He set the five hundred pound bar onto the rack.  He wasn’t sure how many reps he had done, but he had been lifting for at least a couple minutes at a steady pace.  He stood up and looked in the mirror, noting with satisfaction that the skin was now so tight around his bulging pecs and triceps that they verged on exploding.

Okay, so that ain’t gonna fly!  But whatchu gonna do? his inner voice insisted.

Sit and wait was not exactly a habit Sam had cultivated in his life.  From his experience, he had learned that success goes to the bold and failure to the meek.  

Well, I got’s to do something, or don’t I?!

Then, an idea occurred to him.

He added a hundred pounds to each side of the barbell.  He lay down for what he hoped would be eight reps.  So far, six had been his personal best at this weight.

Chapter 30

As Harold flew swiftly, far faster than he had ever flown before, towards the konulans, it seemed a million different anxieties vied for center stage.  He was supremely resentful at having to share his station with such unworthy companions as the konulans, but he realized that it was his only chance to avoid becoming Janie’s babysitter, a job he may have found exciting once upon a time, but it could hardly seem exciting after serving as Righty’s bodyguard.

He was also worried that these konulans would prove to be both his and Righty’s undoing.  Their garrulous nature, their scant sense of duty, and their unhealthy love of festivities all united to earn Harold's extreme distrust.  But in spite of these flaws, he realized it was not they but rather the treacherous pholungs who had turned on Tristan.  A shudder went through his body as he realized that even in thought it was the first time he had ever referred to Tristan by any name other than Master, which informed Harold just how much he had changed.  

He also realized he had momentarily forgotten Tristan’s claim that it was Max who had convinced the pholungs to turn against Tristan.  He realized he now viewed a lot of Tristan’s previous claims with far more skepticism than before, and in fact at this moment the idea of a konulan convincing hordes of pholungs to do anything seemed rather improbable.  But it was of no matter now.  Max was gone, and not even Tristan had accused the other konulans of treachery.

Just as Righty had realized that failure to take leadership of the junkyard gang would force either his retirement or death, Harold realized that if he did not take charge of the konulans he would face disastrous consequences.  He knew Righty’s life and freedom depended heavily upon his protection—notwithstanding his growing prowess with the sword and increasing power of intimidation—and if Harold were busy watching Janie, he would soon find himself awaiting a man who was never to return, a man whom he would have failed to protect in his moment of utmost need.

These thoughts served as fuel in his already vigorous frame, and he continued cutting through the wind with his massive wings.

Chapter 31

Righty stopped by the business that morning to do a little magic accounting.  He inflated his revenue and deflated his expenses as much as he felt he could do without venturing into the realm of the absurd.  It was tedious work, every minute of which he hated, and even worse he knew it was nowhere near enough to enable him to start putting significant money into the bank, which meant he was still doing a lot of hole-digging.  He was beginning to wonder what the use of the effort was fudging numbers unless he was going to open up several more businesses and thereby generate enough ostensibly clean money to get out of the hole-digging business.

But that meant a lot more headache.  New employees, multiple locations.  And it would have to be done in Sivingdel.  Ringsetter was out of the question.  He would be the gossip of the town in days, and he knew he had raised enough eyebrows by the modest purchase of his hardware store.  His only option would be Sivingdel.  That would mean doing business there in his real name because his only realistic inventory provider was Mr. Hoffmeyer, and he already knew Righty’s real name.  Thus, establishing a store there meant giving his enemies the opportunity to discover his identity and eventually his place of residence.  Then, one day he would walk home to find Janie and his baby slaughtered.

No, that would all have to be put on hold.  Even the slightest thought about it made hole-digging seem like a jovial task by comparison.

Then, around 3 p.m., he got on his horse, loaded with his usual twenty pounds, and started heading towards Sivingdel.  He knew he was going to be absolutely miserable and exhausted tomorrow.

He got there at around 9 p.m. and found quite a few of the junkyard gang gathered.  More poured in soon after, he divided them into roughly equal groups, and he set off with the group led by Crabs so that he could learn some new parts of the gang’s turf.

All was rather routine until about 1 a.m.  Righty noticed a group of about twelve toughs coming his way, and they certainly didn’t belong to the junkyard gang.  Righty had about ten people with him and had zero confidence in their fighting abilities.  He calculated they would serve little use other than as distractions to his assailants.  Nonetheless, it was a far-superior scenario to the one he had faced in the alley.

He calmed a bit as he noticed that once they got to about five paces away they all stopped except for one.  Righty watched this lone individual like a hawk, ready to free his sword the second he saw a suspicious hand movement.

“Mr. Brass?” the man asked, once he was around four feet away.

“Who wants to know and why?”

“I’ll take that as a yes.  My boss could send his men into the junkyard neighborhoods and kill every last person there in a single night, but he’s looking for a less-violent solution.  He’s decided to give you three choices.  One, you bow out now and never show your face again in this city.  Two, you keep working, but under him as his employee.  You could keep a leadership position with your junkyard crew, but you would answer directly to Sam and pay whatever tax he asks for working in his city.  Three, you can meet him one on one tomorrow night at the place of your choosing so that he can show both you and your crew why he’s in charge.  If you don’t agree to any of these options right now, then Sam will invade the junkyard neighborhoods shortly, and you’ll have every last drop of their blood on your hands.”

Righty was taken aback and was as nervous as he was confused.  He would have perhaps felt more relieved if the man had drawn his sword so that Righty could transfer his adrenaline into physical output, but this involved a battle of wits, and he realized that choosing wrongly would at best result in him losing face amongst his crew and at worst would result in a lot of innocent lives lost.

Realizing that careful reflection was not a luxury he would receive, he went with his instinct.  

“Tell Sam to meet me in the junkyard tomorrow at 6 p.m.”

“He’ll be there,” the messenger replied with a pseudo-sympathetic smirk, which seemed to suggest he viewed Brass as an uppity squirrel who had just agreed to a fight with a lion.

Righty’s face remained impassive, but his heart was racing.

“I’m going to have to be well-rested for this,” he told Crabs.  Crabs himself had a look of horror on his face that he appeared to be trying desperately to hide.  It seemed to say, You should have picked option one or two.

“Pass the word to the men to tell all their family that tomorrow from around four to eight p.m. they would be wise to not be in their homes.  They should go into the city and try to blend in somewhere and take with them whatever valuables they have.  Sam may decide wholesale slaughter is the safest route after all.  But as for the men, I want them all assembled in the junkyard by 5:30 p.m.  Win or lose, I want all to bear witness to how it happens.”

Crabs nodded, still looking fearful.  Righty then turned and started walking briskly back towards the junkyard.  He got on his horse and began riding it hard.  He felt more afraid than ever in his life.  Sam had chosen a wise strategy.  He had forced Righty to make the decision in front of his men, which made either indecision or acquiescence out of the question, and nonetheless, it was Righty who had chosen to fight.  Should Righty lose, Sam would not only have a victory of intimidation but could also win over the leaderless men through entreaties of having been denied a peaceful outcome by the late Mr. Brass.

He found this far more terrifying than the many ambushes he had endured, for he would have to endure the terror of this premeditated engagement.  He knew in his heart that this might be the last night he ever saw Janie and that he might leave his unborn child an orphan before ever entering this world.

Lastly, he bemoaned the misfortune of this having occurred at a time when Harold was far away.  Even though he could not ask him to intervene in an honorable duel, it would work miracles upon Righty’s anxiety to at least know Harold could assist in the event Sam tried any dirty tricks, something he considered a robust possibility.

When he arrived home at around 7 a.m., he was greatly relieved to learn that Janie was not working that day.  He convinced her to retire to bed with him, and he held her tight as he fell asleep, feeling like a drowning man hanging onto a floating log.

Chapter 32

By the next day Harold was nearing the locations where the konulans had been left.  He was so exhausted he considered taking a brief nap, but he dared not, as he feared for Righty’s safety in his absence as much as did Righty himself.  He hated that he had not had adequate time to contemplate various ruses by which to convince the konulans to come with him and then after careful consideration select the most convincing.

Instead he had to think as he flew, and he did not share Righty’s love of thinking while moving.  He preferred serious thought to take place while he was alone and still, unbothered by any external stimuli.  Additionally, he had to face the dilemma of whether to invite a select few or all of them.

Then, he saw them.

It seemed to Harold that perhaps everything that had ensued since his violent interaction with Max had all been but a dream, for he found the konulans just as he had found them the last time.  They were in the same general vicinity and once again had found some cause for celebration, given that they were flying about vigorously in swooping circles and throwing worms into the air and catching them.

“ATTENTION!!!” Harold bellowed out, as he arrived in their midst.

One of them fell to the ground unconscious with terror.  The others retreated to nearby branches, not daring a full retreat however.

“There is no need to be alarmed.  On the contrary, I come not as your judge this time but as the bearer of excellent news.  After prodigious investigation, I have verified that the conspiracy was limited to Max alone.  Thus, your exile has been ended, and you have once again been granted the privilege of protecting Master.”

There was not a sound, but it was clear by the rapid glances exchanged throughout the multitude of roughly two hundred that they weren’t sure they wanted the exile ended.

“But there is still more good news.  Master has undergone both an intense moral and physical rejuvenation since you saw him last.  You will not recognize him.  He has discovered love, that antidote to the darkest hatred and vice that can plague a man’s heart.  And it has changed him.  He lives now for his wife and his baby on the way.”

The glances between the konulans now seemed much more positive.  Love was something they could most certainly understand and relate to, and the thought of a baby on the way melted their hearts still further.

“He no longer goes by the name Master, so thorough has his transformation been.  As part of his rejuvenation, he had to sacrifice all of his memory.  He has no knowledge of the war against Sodorf.  He has no memory of you.  He has adopted a humble name, Richard Franklin Simmers, and asks only that you address him as Mr. Simmers.  When I informed him he had servants, he considered freeing you from all future obligations towards him, but alas, his wish to live a simple life conducting honest business and providing for his family is being threatened by an army of evildoers who would kill his wife herself, for they fear his strength.  Yea, they would even slay his unborn child!”

A gasp could be heard amidst all the konulans at this outrage.

“My job—in fact, my life’s mission—is to protect Mr. Simmers and his family, but I cannot be everywhere at once.  Mr. Simmers faces villains of the most perfidious sort who, jealous of his hard work and industry, regularly seek to dispossess him of his property or even attack his person.  It is for those situations that I am most suited, but he needs you to look after his wife and unborn child day and night so that you can alert me rapidly to any sign of danger.  I hope that goodness and decency alone will convince you to perform this noble mission with every ounce of strength and dedication you can muster, but so dire is Mr. Simmers’ concern for his family’s safety that he would begrudgingly permit me to use more-forceful methods to persuade those unswayed by charity to safeguard his family.  Will you refuse him this small service?”

“We’ll help!  We’ll protect his wife!”  These and other joyous affirmations quickly rang out, and Harold smiled inwardly, although he realized that he himself believed much of what he had said about Righty, even though he had not known so until then.

“He is unprotected as we speak!  Follow me!” Harold exclaimed.  And at that he began flying east.  A mile or two later, he looked over his shoulder, and it did not appear that even a single konulan had remained behind.  Like a swarm of bees, they flew swiftly in close formation.  Harold wished more than ever for sleep, but he squashed that sentiment and flew on.

Chapter 33

Righty woke up at around 11 a.m. and got out of bed with all the enthusiasm of a man stepping out of his jail cell to be led to the market to be publicly drawn and quartered.  When he gave Janie a hug that lasted around ten minutes, she knew something was wrong and demanded he tell her.

“I’ve got a meeting today with a potential seller for the store I’m going to set up in Sivingdel.  It’s got the best location of any places I’ve looked at so far, but the guy’s shady, and I’m just not looking forward to dealing with him.  Also, crime’s been on the rise in Sivingdel, and the whole thing’s been making me nervous.  I just want you to know, babe, that if anything ever happens to me, I love you more than you can imagine, even though I’m really rotten at showing it.  I just want to make something of myself so that you can be proud of me and so that baby of ours will grow up to be proud of me.  I won’t be able to tell him or her to follow their dreams if I’ve never made anything of myself . . . if I haven’t faced life’s meanest challenges.”

Janie looked at him with wet eyes.

“I love you too, Righty,” a nickname she rarely used with him, and did so only when she was feeling playful.  “Just use one of your boxing moves if he gives you any headache,” she said, throwing a playful jab in his direction.

“I will, babe.  I most certainly will,” Righty responded truthfully, glad that his metaphorical account of his anxiety had afforded him the opportunity to leave his wife with at least one entirely truthful statement.  To it, he added another:  “You’re the love of my life, Janie.”  And then he hugged her tightly and passionately, prompting her moist eyes to turn into productive rain clouds, from which her cheeks were soon sprinkled.

And then Righty set off.  He knew that if he spent another second there, he’d never leave.  And he had a job to do today.  Unpleasant it was.  But it was nonetheless.

Chapter 34

Righty got to the junkyard at around 5 p.m.  He found a huge tumult gathered.  It reminded him of a crowd gathering to watch an execution.  Then, he realized that perception may have been more of an indicator of his current state of mind than of objective reality, for the same looks on their faces might also be found on those of a group of fans awaiting their pugilist hero.

He summoned Tats, Crabs, Chalky, and a few others that he had grown acquainted with as of late and then began speaking with them privately.  “Have you evacuated all the women, children, and the elderly?”

They nodded their heads.

“Good.  I want to be frank with every one of you.  Sam wouldn’t have picked this option unless he thought he had a really good chance of winning.  He surely knows by now that I know how to use my hands, so I’m not sure what to expect, but I guess it doesn’t really matter, because it’s all going down in about an hour.”

“Sam’s got a reputation for being big.  They say he must be one of the strongest men that ever lived, but then again that could just be street talk,” Chalky said, shrugging his shoulders.

“Well, here’s what I want you to know.  If it’s a clean fight—and by that I mean Sam doesn’t suddenly pull out a weapon all of a sudden after telling me it’s going to be a hand-to-hand contest or have some of his goons jump in unexpectedly—then I don’t want you jumping in under any circumstances.  Any.”  The somber faces of Righty’s audience informed him that they knew he was talking about even a fatal beating.

“To Sam’s credit, he gave me the option of just never showing up again.  Hell, he even gave me the option of keeping you guys as a crew but paying a tax.  I chose to fight him, and I have to live with the consequences of that.”

Tats and the others saw all of this as a rather gloomy speech, and their faces showed it.

“Sam’s full gang outnumbers us so badly that if they make an all-out attack I don’t want you to stand and fight.  We don’t have the numbers for that.  Run like hell, and live to fight another day.  There’s no shame in that when you’re outnumbered like we are.  Have you posted lookouts around the junkyard in case Sam tries to encircle us with his men?”

“It’s all squared away,” Tats said.

“Good.  Then, we should know if Sam tries an all-out invasion of this place and have time to get the hell out of here.  Tell the men that if that happens they should run out of the junkyard and towards the city.  The more public the location, the less likely it will be that Sam will try an all-out massacre.”

Tats and the other young men nodded.

“One last thing,” Righty began and then gulped, “in case I don’t make it, I hereby appoint Tats as my successor.  You go with whatever he decides.  If he decides to fight Sam, do it.  If he decides it would be in your best interests to join Sam, well, then do it.  Are we clear?”

They all nodded their heads but said nothing.  It was clear Righty had brought their morale to the floor with his all-too candid words.

“Hey, I’m not dead yet!” he said grinning, which lightened their long looks a tad, but it was all the humor Righty could muster.  He had a bad feeling about this engagement, and the fact his potentially violent death would occur in front of the men whose admiration and confidence he had earned at great cost made it all the worse.  He asked to be left alone until Sam arrived, and he went away and sat by himself.

About forty minute later, 5:55 p.m. to be precise, a voice shouted out from on top of one of the junkyard heaps. 

“Men on the way!!”

Righty stood up and readied himself.  He was so nervous he could puke, but he had already done that exactly eleven times on the way up from Ringsetter, and he was certain that by now he didn’t even have any stomach acid left to offer the dry ground below his boots.

He saw what looked like a dozen men coming towards the junkyard meeting location, and as they drew nearer he saw there were precisely thirteen:  one in front and a solid line of twelve behind.

He was about to meet Sam.

Sam’s profile betrayed little even as he came very close, since he was wearing a very large leather coat that extended to his knees, in spite of the day being cool at best.  He saw that each of his bodyguards was wearing a sword conspicuously on his hip.  Righty found himself wondering briefly how they managed to do that without drawing significant police attention but realized he could contemplate such peripheral matters at another time, if he survived this encounter.

By now, he could see Sam’s face clearly enough to notice one thing:  He was smiling.  He had the smirk of a conqueror looking at his already vanquished victim with a kind of curious amusement as to why the unworthy adversary dared gaze upon him rather than making a hasty retreat.

For a moment, Righty considered it.  There was something in the man’s eyes far more savage than he had ever seen before, and he had found through experience that a man’s eyes revealed a lot about his ability to fight.  But the haughtiness in his eyes brought to his mind a certain memory.  A hardware store, a lowly clerk approached by a wealthy man’s servant inquiring about the availability of then-legal Smokeless Green:

“Ask him how much it will be,” the lofty, wealthy man had asked.  That wealthy man was Oscar Peters, speaking of Righty in the third person without even naming him.  Without even NAMING him!!  The man who was far his superior in the ring but whose career had fallen prey to a combination of an injury followed by an understandable response (i.e., a bite) to Oscar’s illegal act of punching him even after the referee was stepping between them to break them apart due to Righty’s wrist having snapped.

“Yo, I came here to fight some guy named Brass!  Is he here, or ain’t he?!”

Righty had felt momentarily emboldened by the hatred and anger produced by the horrid humiliation he had suffered from his inferior rival, but his embarrassment at having practically blanked out didn’t do much to help his confidence.  So he summoned the memory back before answering.

“He’s here,” Righty said calmly.  Righty couldn’t help but notice a look of relief on the junkyard gang’s face, as if they had been fearing Sam would begin picking a substitute opponent promptly if the intended target did not reveal himself, sort of like a teacher calling on a random student after no one volunteered.

“Hahahahaaha,” Sam said, laughing.  Its genuineness unnerved Righty.  Artificial laughter would have emboldened him.

“You?!!!”  

Sam’s bodyguards smirked.

“Naw, it can’t be you!  Can’t be you!” he said wagging his finger like a schoolmaster correcting a silly answer from a student.

“I sent twenty guys down an alley after Brass, and they got cuts to pieces.  So I says to myself:  ‘This is an okay guy.  I mean, I’m gonna kill ‘em, but he’s an okay guy.’”  Sam’s bodyguards smirked wider.  “But you?!  I mean, I thought I made this trip for a real killer!”

Righty tore off his shirt.  Hidden beneath the loose-fitting shirt, but now on full display, was a physique worthy of study by any artist seeking to carve a warrior statue.  Two hundred and forty pounds of chiseled muscle spread across six feet and three inches gave a far better answer to Sam’s insults than even the most warlike quip could have ever hoped to.

But that was not all.  Now staring at Sam were not the uncertain eyes that had been idling about moments before.  Two black, icy beads, looking like droplets from a hailstorm in hell, now looked at Sam—or rather, through him—and gave him a chill that went down to his feet.

Sam responded by taking his own shirt off.  It was fortunate for Righty that he had already entered combat mode.  It was a gift he had acquired after about two to three years of boxing.  Before he reached that point, his eyes could be shifty and listless, revealing emotions of vulnerability best left hidden, but once he reached his state of psychological preparation, he was unshakable, and his eyes revealed the unshakable determination in his heart.

Had it not been so, he might have been tempted to run.  Standing before him now was the most freakish man he had ever seen.  Pecs the size of dinner plates.  Shoulders the size of small boulders.  A head that sat perched upon a mountain of muscle, looking like its neck had been hammered down deep within the body like a nail into a coffin.  Abdominal muscles that looked like a mountain range viewed from above.  

Sam’s background could not be more different than Righty’s.  Whereas Righty had been introduced to the sweet science of boxing and trained rigorously in all technical aspects of offense and defense, and had only later added his unique blend of savagery to that scientific bedrock through countless bare-knuckle competitions, and had then merged savagery and technical prowess into a perfect matrimony through hundreds of barroom brawls, Sam’s training lay entirely in the realm of savagery.

Sam Belvur was the youngest of six rowdy boys, and in the Belvur home, Mr. Belvur’s favorite refrain was, “No Belvur’s a sissy.”  Mr. Belvur worked at a local mine and spent six nights a week at the bar, but Sunday was special.  No, he didn’t take his kids to the nearby temple to pay their respects to the village deity.  But he did send his wife there while he “toughened up the young ‘uns.”  He would then pit the little devils against each other—not that they had refrained from doing so all week long just because he was busy.  Participatory privileges were acquired at age eight, and from that fateful eighth birthday onward, no ailment was grounds for excusal.

Mr. Belvur would have bare-knuckle matches between the boys, and by the time a few hours went by, each and every one of them had swollen eyes, bloody noses, split lips, bruised knuckles, and aching ribs.  The winner would then go a round or two with Mr. Belvur himself.  Sam had dreaded Sundays until about age sixteen, but by then the stocky Sam was becoming a real handful.  He had developed a solid chin, quick hand movements, bulky back muscles, and a wide-eyed ferocity that unnerved even Mr. Belvur himself.

By the time Sam was twenty, he had acquired a lot of the muscle currently levelled at Righty, and there was not a brother in the family who would box with him.  Mr. Belvur himself often invented excuses, and after he had his head fatally split open one night by a steel club over a game of dice at the bar, he never had to make another one.

Sam was now in his early thirties, and had put about forty pounds of muscle on over the last year, thanks to his previously described usage of triple the maximum safe dose of various muscle-building herbs.

Although Righty’s eyes still contained their same icy expression, internally he was cognizant of the fact this was going to be a different kind of fight.  Overwhelming this guy with body blows did not seem like a very realistic strategy.  He realized he would have to revert to a more technical approach and hope his opponent could not match him at that level but would instead wear himself out.

Righty moved towards this beast cautiously.  Hands up, protecting his chin.  Elbows close, guarding his ribs.  Left foot in front, slightly turned, ready to permit horizontal movements.  And right foot pointed straight forward, well disposed for any sudden lunge he should find opportune.

Sam was the polar opposite of this textbook boxing posture.  He charged towards Righty wildly, throwing a massive haymaker that probably would have decapitated him had it connected.  Righty ducked underneath it crisply, and punished Sam with a snappy left hook to the jaw.  Righty was unnerved by the minimal effect it had, for while it was snappy and efficient, it would have dropped the average man and elicited a notable response from most.

A left haymaker was headed his way before he could fire off another punch.  The speed surprised him, given the usual slowness of the technically frowned-upon haymaker.  Righty ducked it neatly, this time again chastising Sam with a left uppercut to the jaw.  Again, little recognition of the blow.

This time a right haymaker was coming in towards Righty’s ribs.  He shielded his ribs with his left arm.  A bolt of pain shot through his arm.  The blow would have shattered the arm of the average man.  And it might have even shattered Righty’s, were it not for the fact he was well trained in the technique of absorbing the force of such a blow and quickly transferring it into a strike.  No sooner had Sam’s knuckles bit into Righty’s left arm than Righty shot it upwards, delivering a crisp uppercut to Sam’s jaw.  

Righty then decided it was a time for a little offense of his own—something that came from his barroom days—and sent his right elbow crashing hard into Sam’s left cheek, just below the eye.  The skin cut immediately, and blood began to flow, but Righty learned simultaneously the price for that strike, for Sam had been swinging with his left at the same time.  Unfortunately, it had been headed towards Righty’s ribs, which were left exposed, due to his right shield currently being used as a small battering ram against Sam’s face.

They both recoiled from each other in recognition of the wound.  Righty’s ribs had been calloused pretty good over the years, but he knew that punch must have been only a hair short of cracking them through.  If his elbow hadn’t slightly put Sam off balance, his ribs would have been cracked for sure.  In spite of his adrenaline, he could feel pulsating pain shooting through the area.  But his pain was assuaged significantly by the sight of blood now streaming down Sam’s face from where Righty hit him with the elbow.

Sam grinned.  “I like dirty,” he said.

He then went rushing at Righty.  Righty decided it would probably be best to revert to single counterstrikes at least momentarily, as even one strike from this prehistoric creature held the potential of inflicting death.  Sam threw another right haymaker.  Righty could see it was clearly headed towards his ribs, and he didn’t feel like shielding against another one of those.  He stepped quickly to his own right, throwing a snappy jab in the process that crushed Sam’s nose and sent a geyser of blood flowing out.

Sam’s punch missed Righty entirely, and Righty saw this was too good an opportunity to pass by.  He charged towards Sam, leading with a stiff left jab to the chin, followed a millisecond later by a right cross to the nose.  Unfortunately, Sam’s two hands had already been going towards the injured area to inspect the damage, and their meaty mass cushioned a considerable amount of the blow.

Sam shouted in fury, and he threw an overhand left towards Righty’s face.  Righty slipped to the right and fired a left jab directly to Sam’s chin.  Righty couldn’t believe the guy hadn’t fallen yet.  He had never inflicted that many clean shots to an opponent’s chin without giving the guy at least a short nap in the process.

Sam was already coming around with another left haymaker.  Righty was trained to look at the solar plexus so that his peripheral vision could see all the surrounding action clearly, but nonetheless he noticed the look of fury on Sam’s face as the haymaker neared him.  He ducked under it and threw a hard right hook to Sam’s gut.  It would have folded any other man.  It was solid and Righty put almost all of his power into it.  It knocked Sam back a moment but didn’t knock the air out of him.

Righty didn’t want to be the first person to make the fight get really dirty, since it might be interpreted as a sign of weakness in front of his men, but he realized he needed to take this guy out because it was only going to take one well-connected punch from this beast to knock him out and render his body defenseless.

Sam charged at him with another right haymaker, and this time when Righty ducked underneath it he went a bit lower than usual and sent his fist slamming into Sam’s groin.

“AWWWWWW!!!!” Sam shouted, but no sooner did he shout than he grabbed Righty in a full bear hug, pinning both of his arms helplessly to his sides.

Righty was no wrestler, but he had tangled with a few during his bar-fighting days, and he knew that fighting on the ground was not the way he wanted this to go.  He put his right leg back behind him and braced himself for what he knew was to come.  He was proved right as Sam squeezed harder and harder while simultaneously trying to drive him backwards and onto the ground.

Righty tried to reach his groin so that he could show Sam the stone-crushing power of a former lumberman’s grip, but he couldn’t free his arms from the prison within which Sam had placed them.

Sam was rushing forward like a bull trying to knock Righty backwards, and Righty was bemoaning that he had given Sam cause for escalating the dirtiness of the fight.  That ship had already set sail though, Righty reckoned, and he knew he had to do something fast, or he was going to have some 340 pounds of solid muscle on top of him.

Righty remembered the bite he had intended for Oscar Peters, but that had been intercepted unwittingly by the ref, and Righty sank his teeth like a Pit Bull into Sam’s right ear.

Sam let out a wail, but it quickly turned into a snarl.  Sam jerked his head to his right to free it from the grip of his canine competitor.  As Righty lost his grip on the ear, he saw a nose come into view, and he bit his teeth into that far more savagely than he had the ear.  Righty’s trainer had been a believer that by chewing a tough gum—a terrible concoction he had made, from what vile substances Righty did not know—could strengthen a man’s jaw and allow him to take more punishment there before dropping.

Righty had unenthusiastically—but dutifully—chewed the gum, a reusable wad that his instructor had told him he should keep for life, an hour per day during his boxing days.  He still did so about an hour per week, just out of obstinate habit.  While he didn’t know what the truth was about conditioning the jaw to take a punch, he became a believer at that moment in its ability to strengthen a man’s bite, for he heard Sam let out a terrible wail as what was left of his battered nose crunched underneath Righty’s bite.

Sam released his bear hug and brought both hands to his nose.  Righty knew now was the time to put all his cards on the table.  He dropped down and gave another vicious right uppercut to Sam’s groin.  Sam howled in pain and fury, and though all the action at this point was happening in split seconds, it did seem that for a moment a debate raged in Sam’s mind as to which body part merited attention.  Ultimately, his groin was the victor, leaving his face wide open for what was probably the hardest right hook Righty had ever thrown in his life.  It connected with Sam’s chin squarely, and notwithstanding it being the hardest chin Righty had ever encountered it had finally met its breaking point.  Righty heard a crunching sound, saw Sam’s eyes roll back into his head, and down he went.

Righty knew better than to break out the champagne just yet.  He had dropped many a competitor who had nonetheless risen to fight with renewed fury, and he suspected Sam was in this category.  There was an awkward silence, as it appeared Righty’s gang also dared not begin celebrations, especially with twelve armed bodyguards still in their midst.

Sure enough, about fifteen seconds later, Sam’s feet began slowly moving.  He then sat up with a sleepy look on his face, as if he was confused as to what had happened.  Then, all clearly registered.  Sam’s fury was impossible to describe.

Righty himself, upon seeing it, for a second felt like all was lost, in spite of the fact it had been him dishing out the punishment.  Righty was frozen to the ground in terror as Sam charged at him like an enraged bull.  Righty knew that if he got hit even one time by Sam in his current state he would probably leave Righty’s unborn child an orphan.  Everything was going to have to be strictly dirty from this point forward.

Before Sam reached him—with what attack he did not know, for Sam was simply running towards him—Righty slid back and slightly to his right, while at the same time delivering a snappy jab with his left hand.  Except this was no ordinary jab.  Two fingers went sticking into Sam’s right eye, like a fork into a grape.  Righty’s next attack was launched even before Sam’s next howl issued from his infuriated soul.

Righty threw a right cross and poked his index, middle, and ring fingers into Sam’s left eye.  Sam started to bring both hands up to his injured eyes, but before they could even get there Righty threw an overhand right directly into Sam’s throat—a tiny target indeed.  He heard a terrible wheezing sound and saw Sam move backwards, struggling greatly to keep his balance.  Righty grabbed his already injured throat with his right hand and squeezed harder than he ever had in his life.  It was time for Sam to feel a lumberman’s grip.  Sam’s wheezing became far more desperate now.

Hand still firmly wrapped around Sam’s trachea, Righty now kicked his right leg out from under him and sent him crashing down hard onto the ground.  A rock—convenient from Righty’s vantage point, fatal from Sam’s—connected with the lower portion of Sam’s skull.  A horrible cracking sound issued forth, and Sam’s eyes rolled back.  Righty maybe hadn’t seen as many people die as a battlefield surgeon, but he knew one thing.  Sam was dead.

For a moment a silence reigned that was even more tense than when Sam was knocked out.  Righty knew Sam was dead, but he wasn’t sure what was going to happen with the twelve swordsmen standing in front of him.

They were hard-nosed looking, and they either didn’t seem to realize or didn’t seem capable of fathoming that their freak-sized boss would not be standing up again ever.

Perhaps out of fear Sam was just pulling a trick—he did that from time to time to terrorize his men—one of the meanest of the bunch said, “You’s a dirty fighter.  That’s what you is.”

He then unsheathed his sword and went charging towards Righty.  Righty crouched down and quickly pulled out his own sword from his left boot, where he had hidden it.  The man looked uneasy, seeing he was up against an armed man with a sword he probably couldn’t even carry.  He turned around and looked at his accomplices, but their looks seemed to tell him he was on his own.

He charged at Righty in a wild overhand chop.  Righty moved diagonally to his left and sliced horizontally into the man’s left side.  If he had been fresh, it likely would have cut the man in two, but fatigue had taken its toll.  Nonetheless, a gaping wound showed Righty’s sword had slashed through eight inches of flesh.  Righty swung his sword to his right slicing off the man’s right leg at the knee.  Screaming, the man grabbed the bloody stump and fell backwards.  Righty’s sword pierced through his heart, exited his back, and dug into the ground before the man’s back even touched the earth.

Thinking that a bit of intimidation might save further bloodshed, Righty quickly approached Sam’s corpse and lopped off his head.  He then picked it up and threw it towards one of the armed toughs, who caught it instinctively.

“You take that and show it to your gang so that there isn’t any doubt about what happened today.  Don’t worry about the rest of Sam’s body.  It’s already in the junkyard.”

The eleven men—particularly the man carrying the grisly souvenir—eyed the men around them.  Eleven valiant men perhaps could have caused quite a slaughter, as no one besides Tats and Righty were armed with a sword.  But their morale had been vanquished as thoroughly as their once terrifying boss.  Without comment or offensive gesture, they turned and left.

Righty was greeted with pomp and celebration that transcended the grimy milieu of the junkyard.  For a moment in time, he knew what it meant to be a hero.  

Being in good cheer, at one point Righty took Tats aside and told him that unless he had uncovered any evidence of Ben or Chris’s treachery to just forget about it all and chalk it up as being one last lie out of that wretched Stitches’ mouth.  Tats had discovered nothing, so Righty cleared them but told Tats to keep an eye on them from time to time.

After a few hours of celebrations, Righty and the gang moved all twenty pounds in a mere hour.  No customers had any excuses about payment that night, and the gang even moved several blocks back into their old turf.  The news of Sam’s demise seemed to have let loose an invisible force that cleared the streets of Righty’s competitors, and Righty found himself wishing he had brought more merchandise with him.  Righty noticed with relish that he received looks of terror and deference from more than one customer who only a night ago had presented a haughty countenance.

But fighting with Sam had taken its toll.  He wanted to go home and have a much-needed day off, so he told the gang to expect him in two days at 9 p.m., this time with forty pounds.  At that moment, however, he didn’t want to think about business or money.  He just wanted to rest and spend the next day with his wife, whom he realized he had badly neglected lately.  

Chapter 35

By 3 a.m. he was home in bed, and by 3:02 a.m. he was sleeping with the dead, and in several nightmares Sam assisted him in joining the dead.  It was around 11 a.m. when he woke up.  He realized his new job at the junkyard was starting to turn him into a bit of a night owl after he had been accustomed for years, by his work at the lumberyard, to awake before daybreak.

He had scribbled Janie a note last night before crashing into bed like a sack of potatoes, asking if she would be free for dinner tomorrow evening.  “Yes, sleepy head, at 6 p.m.” had been her response, with a picture of a heart.

Righty looked at the damage to his body.  He had a very solid bruise developing on his left arm and on his right side.  He made a few cautious movements with his arms and felt no searing bolts of pain, so he decided it was time for a little gardening and gentle sword practice.

He was beginning to become very concerned about this garden.  It now covered a good acre within the forest, and he dared not extend its boundaries any further.  As it was, he already knew it was only a matter of time before some overly curious young punk, or perhaps two lovebirds, went traipsing through there and found the source of his livelihood.  From that discovery would come a little digging, and the next thing he knew he would lose a couple million dollars and all of his seeds.

And while the young punks would never dream of sharing their discovery with the local sheriff—that would be too inconvenient for their own illicit activities—they would spread rumors.  First one, then two groups of curious monkeys would show up, and then there would be a regular pilgrimage.  All wanting to see what goodies lay in the woods behind the house of Richard Simmers.

If the thieves who made the initial discovery were smart and disciplined they would dig like gophers and not open their mouths until they had swiped every falon and transported every plant and every seed to some distant location for their own use.  Of course, they wouldn’t be.  Word would get out before they had moved even a fraction of what he had there, and while he wasn’t sure how much would have already been pilfered by the time the police started showing up, he was sure there would be some evidence there.

Then, it would be off to jail for Righty.  He realized he was living on borrowed time, and he felt immensely grateful that tomorrow was finally the day.  The day he would move everything to the ranch.  He was going to miss this place.  He could still use it for morning sword practice, but not for agriculture.  His nostalgic feelings were challenged by the realization of what an onerous task the move would be.

And without Harold, it would be flat-out impossible.  Righty continued making careful movements through the air with his sword as his mind grappled with his upcoming obstacles.  He wouldn’t be able to put quite the intensity into it today that he normally did, but he would try to compensate by paying additional attention to form.

He realized that in addition to the work of the move itself he was going to have his work cut out for him planting enough Smokeless Green to be able to keep up with the volume he was moving.  As it was, he was already maxing out his small farm, carefully rotating around and picking the ripest bulbs in order to give time for the smaller ones to reach greater size and weight.  But he knew that if he could just get everything to the ranch that would soon seem like a laughable problem.

That was if Harold came back.  It had been two days since he had seen him, and although Harold had warned it would be at least that, Righty felt as if he hadn’t seen Harold for decades.  The vain triumph of his victory over Sam was quickly beginning to vanish now, as it seemed far more obstacles lay ahead than ever.  And he knew that without Harold none of it would be possible.

Then, suddenly, he heard something.  A fluttering?  It was growing noisier by the moment.  Suddenly, what seemed like a swarm of bees came rushing into the forest.  Chuckling and singing filled the air as countless birds flew above, behind, and around him, and were it not for his alarm at these unexpected guests he may have considered their good cheer a glad tiding.

He watched them dazed, wondering if perhaps Harold had been pursuing this hapless flock in order to acquire breakfast.

Then, he saw Harold, looking grumpier and more tired than he had ever seen him before, trying to keep up with these little balls of energy.

“You’re hurt!!” Harold exclaimed.

Righty had been practicing bare-chested, as was his custom, and he realized Harold must be referring to Heavy Sam’s artwork.  “I got pounded on a little,” Righty said frankly, “but I think we’ve got more pressing things to talk about first.”

Before he named those things, he approached Harold and gave him a warm, welcoming hug.  

“Where are the aerial companions you promised to bring?  All I see is a flock of birds you’ve frightened nearly halfway to death!” Righty began laughing.

Harold didn’t respond.

“You mean I’m supposed to entrust my security to these little critters?!” Righty said, beginning to grow angry, although he then immediately felt foolish, like an entitled brat who has been given far more than he deserves, only to complain for more.

“I never promised I was bringing muscle.  These are lookouts, and they’re damn good ones too!”

Righty found Harold’s emphasis odd, as he was usually so matter-of-fact.

“Okay, fair enough,” Righty said.  “How is this going to work?  Walk me through it.”

“Okay,” Harold said.  “Let’s get to know each other first.”

Harold then made a bird sound, which apparently was well understood by these small birds, as they stopped flying around in dizzying circles and landed on the ground.

“Sit down,” Harold told him, with surprising authority.

Righty reluctantly agreed, sitting against a tree.

A bird came down and landed on Righty’s hand.  “I’m Laura,” she said.  She giggled and then flew off.

Another bird came down and landed on his right hand.  “I’m Laura’s father,” he said without any giggling, and then took off.

Then, Righty met Laura’s mother, ten cousins, eight sisters-in-law, six brothers-in-law, fourteen siblings, six uncles, three grandparents, and so on.  Righty was beginning to wonder if every last one of them was related when a bird introduced himself simply as Michael.  Next came Michael’s uncles, cousins, and so forth.  In all, it turned out there were around two hundred birds, which came from just four separate families of about fifty each.  

They all seemed very polite and cordial, and since Righty had long-ago gotten over his intellectual qualms about birds speaking, there was no hindrance in that sphere to getting to know these creatures.  In fact, he found their company so pleasing he found himself forgetting momentarily that these were meant to protect his family, not to offer conversation.  

“I see you tend towards large families,” Righty said.  “I admire that.”

“We once had another,” Laura quickly blurted out.  Righty was beginning to notice that secrets survived but briefly with this group.  “He was an orphan,” Laura’s mother quickly added.  “His name was Chip,” Laura’s dad said.  It seemed to Righty that amongst these creatures a horrible fate must befall any who failed to provide at least one detail of the conversation at hand.

“He was a sullen bird, but the hardest worker,” Laura’s grandmother added.

“I’ll say.  He worked twice as long as us without complaint,” Laura’s maternal grandfather stated.

“And with focus,” Laura’s paternal grandfather said.

“I flew with him on one mission,” an uncle of Laura’s began, “and after two days of staring at a house from atop a tall tree, I asked him if maybe we could come back another day, since it seemed no one was going to be coming out of there.  And do you know what he said?!”

“Let’s give it another day or two!” an aunt of Laura’s answered, happily, and then all the konulans started laughing uproariously.

Righty noticed that, whereas humans may have found these interruptions vexing, konulans welcomed them with warmly.  

Righty’s intuition informed him immediately that it would be wise to befriend these birds, as this would greatly improve their motivation to help however they could.

“It’s too bad I never got to meet this Chip,” Righty began, “but I can assure you that Harold is his better, however hard that may be to believe.  He has saved my life countless times, and should he ever leave me, I don’t think I would survive long.”

Harold’s feathers hid the tears that sneaked out of his eyes, but the konulans, not so reliant on the visual senses to learn of important occurrences, smelled them.  Had Righty’s nose been as acute as theirs, he would have noticed that in the world of smells a couple of important things had just transpired.  His adulation of Harold had initially prompted a smell conveying deep discomfort, as they were in fact terrified of him.  But they smelled his tears, and as this was the first sign of compassion they had ever witnessed in the fearsome creature, their opinion grew for him considerably within the confines of a single second.

“Harold is my right-hand man, if you will forgive the slight inaccuracy of the expression,” Righty said, eliciting happy chuckles from the konulans.  “I hope his duty and his steadfastness will serve as a model to you all.”  He then turned towards Harold.  “Harold, how much have you explained to them about their mission?”

“Only the briefest of details, Mr. Simmers,” Harold said, departing from the usual “Richie,” as he didn’t want to impart any bad habits to the konulans; “perhaps you should explain it more fully.”

“I am a businessman,” Righty began.  “What a businessman does is make money,” he continued, not sure of whether he was talking down to these birds, but he preferred to err on the side of assuming their knowledge of the world was limited.  “The problem is there is a group of men that call themselves senators that sometimes tell others, ‘You can’t make money that way.’  Then, there are those who don’t mind you making money however you want, but they would prefer to have your money once you make it.  And if they really hate you, they will kill you for it.  And if they can’t, then they’ll kill your family just for spite.”

This brought an exclamation of horror from the konulans and a sense of outrage.  While their diminutive size had made them easily bullied by Harold and Tristan, they could be quite ferocious against threats to friends and family, especially if motivated by a powerful leader.

“Now, I know you are too small to engage these men physically.  That’s Harold’s job.  Your job is to watch my wife to make sure that no one tries to hurt her and to watch these woods to make sure no bad men are nosing around.  If anything like that happens, all you have to do is let Harold know.  He’ll take over from there.”

They glanced with trepidation at Harold, whose tears had long since dried, and whose countenance suggested he eagerly awaited the opportunity to demonstrate what he would do in those situations.

“Since I can sometimes be lax in discipline, I have asked Harold to help organize you and show you the specifics of how you will alert him, but in brief I need a group of you watching my wife at all times, my house at all times, and these woods at all times, but with some of you spread out like a chain towards wherever Harold is so that you can alert each other by sound to any approaching danger.”

“I’ll show them,” Harold said confidently, and all the konulans looked bright and alert, ready to do his bidding.  They hadn’t dared bring up the story about Max, but it was still vividly present in their minds.

“And now, unless Harold has any objections, you can have an hour of free time so that I can speak to him in private,” Righty said.

The konulans went flying off into the woods, and Righty then told Harold about Sam.

“I should have been there,” Harold said, with a feeling of guilt, but also with a feeling of regretting the excitement.

“You’ll have plenty more opportunities to watch my back.  I’m moving to the ranch tomorrow.  Production’s going up.  And I’m going to start taking over Sivingdel block by block.”

Harold looked excited.

“And in just two days, we’ve got a trip to Sodorf.  I’m due for my next lesson with Pitkins.”  Harold looked even more thrilled.

“Harold?”

Harold looked at him intently.

“Can I entrust my family to these birds?”

“I’ll enforce the most rigid discipline, but frankly I don’t think that’s going to be too hard.”

“Why’s that?”

“They like you.”

Harold saw Righty was confused.

“Your sense of smell is so weak I can only explain it to you by asking you to imagine you are blind.  You would be missing a whole world, right?”

Righty nodded.

“You are missing a whole world, Richie.  Trust me, they like you.  But I’ll fill in whatever gaps exist in their motivation in my own way,” Harold said, with a touch of malevolence.  “But you’ve made the job easier.”

After that, Harold went off to show the birds important landmarks, such as the most important areas of the forest to be watched, where Righty’s house was, and the road to Sivingdel.

Righty finished his sword practice, spent an hour checking on things at his store, and then retired to private study at home, something he had neglected as of late.

That night, he took Janie to the finest restaurant in town, and afterwards they made some of the sweetest love Righty could remember since their honeymoon.

Things were looking up.

Chapter 36

The next day, Righty was back to work.  But not just any work.  It was finally here.  After what had seemed like an eternity, but was merely a week, it was time to go claim his ranch.  He got up at around 9 a.m. sharp that day, not quite able to slip back into his crack-of-dawn schedule just yet.  He almost skipped his sword practice, but something told him that if he skipped it once, he would probably skip it twice.  And then the next thing he knew he would find himself trapped in an alley with a month of neglect behind him fumbling his sword like his hands were bathed in butter while some tattoo-covered toughie stuck a knife between his ribs.

No, he was going to have to eat his carrots first before he had dessert.

Three hours and many more sweat droplets later, Righty sheathed his sword and told Harold it was time to begin packing.  Then, the terrifying thought came to Righty that he would show up at the seller’s ranch only to find he was just tidying up a few minor odds and ends he had left until the last minute and had his good friend Steve the Sheriff there helping him—seeing as they were such good buddies and all.

And in would come Righty, flying on a giant-sized bird carrying lots of drugs, like some kind of bizarre going-away present.  Steve the Sheriff would reward him for his thoughtfulness by hauling him fifty miles away to the nearest county jail, and twenty years later Righty could pick up the day where it had left off.

He almost got on Harold, empty-handed, but then he decided there was perhaps a happy medium.  He could fly to a nearby mountain, then have Harold scout out the area while Righty hid there with some cargo, and then Harold could report what he saw.

Righty had already dug up three barrels of seeds, and he wanted to see how many Harold could handle.

Harold grabbed a barrel with two talons and flew a couple feet.

“Weight-wise, I think I could handle five, but they’re too awkward for me to carry that many at once.  With just my talons, I think I could pick up two.”

Righty was itching to get the day moving, but he didn’t feel like running back to the house to look for a giant bag to put these things in.

“All right, grab two, and we’re off,” he said.  Then, he remembered the konulans.  “I want a dozen of you to come with me; the rest of you can patrol these woods.  If anyone besides my wife comes patrolling around here, I want you to jab them right in the eyes with your beaks.  Is that understood?”

They all nodded affirmatively, and Righty then said, “All right, the first twelve of you to get on Harold’s back are coming with me.”

This brought a frantic dash to Harold’s back, who looked less than happy with the idea, and within a couple seconds there were around fifty birds on Harold’s back.

“Am I just imagining things, or is that Laura’s entire family?” Righty asked.

This brought a series of chuckles and laughs.  Righty had already been mulling the psychological benefits of having these birds work in their family groups, as this might keep their spirits and motivation high, and he thought, Why in the heck not try it now?

“All right, we’re gonna have a little experiment.  You can all come,” (Harold’s face looked furious) “but you’re gonna have to make room for me.  Harold will probably be flying a little slower than usual, due to the weight of these barrels, so you should be able to keep up.”

This elicited a sigh, and the younger ones got off and made room for the old.  Harold looked slightly less grumpy.

As soon as Righty got on and told Harold to take off, all the konulans then started flying alongside him, as if the idea of hitching a ride had only been a joke.  About an hour later, they were flying amongst the mountains.  And a half hour later, Righty had Harold land inside a thick forest on a steep hill near the ranch.

“Go check her out,” Righty said.  “If any of the rest of you want to keep me company, be my guest.”  This was fine by Harold, who barely tolerated the few who did accompany him.  Righty used the spare time to start explaining to the konulans some of his plans for them.  He was liking the idea more and more of breaking the konulans up into four teams, all based on families, and giving them separate tasks each.  

He began explaining what would be involved with watching the roads to and from Ringsetter and told them they should make sure to pass all these instructions on to their fellow konulans.  For example, anyone with a tattoo was to be a considered a person of interest.  Anyone with multiple tattoos was to be watched with great care.  Anyone who ventured anywhere near Righty’s house was to be watched with excruciating closeness, and if he got within about three hundred yards they should start harassing the intruder by flying close by his ears.  Righty explained that humans hate to have things fly next to their ears.  This brought a round of chuckles out of the konulans, some of whom suggested they looked forward to it.

But then Righty grew serious and began explaining what they should do to someone who failed to heed a few close fly-bys.  They should fly as hard and fast as they could and aim their beaks towards the eyes, ears, and throat.  Meanwhile, one of them should go find Harold in case the intruder proved to be particularly obstinate and in case Harold had gotten out of range of the birds’ calls.

“I can promise you this,” Righty said.  “If you watch out for my family, I’ll watch out for yours.  If you see a hawk, an owl, an eagle, a falcon, a snake, or any other animal that you feel is a threat to you or anyone in your family, you just let me know, and I’ll have Harold deal with it.”

This brought contented, admiring gazes, and the konulans pledged that they would fight to the death for this family-oriented man.

The conversation might have persisted for much longer, but Harold returned.

“Coast clear?” Righty asked.

“I found this attached to the door,” Harold said, handing him a note:

Dear Mr. Simmers,

Thank you so much for convincing me to sell my ranch.  You paid not just fair and square, but one heck of an amount, so out of gratitude I have left my herd of cattle.  Well, it would have been a pain in the neck transporting them anyhow, but I am grateful.  That brings me to something I forgot to ask you about.  I’ve got thirty of the best ranch hands you could ever imagine.  They live in their own quarters about two miles behind the main house, they can rope and herd cattle easier than a grandma knitting a sweater, and they keep to themselves.

I have paid them anywhere from $2,000 to $3,000 falons per month, depending on their level of experience, and believe me, you’ll make many times that back each year.  Every six months, they drive some of the cattle about a hundred miles east to sell.  All proceeds are yours.  These are handshake folk, but if push came to shove, I reckon they’d sign a contract.

I realize that this wasn’t part of the deal, so I told them all I could do was extend it as an offer.  If you don’t want them though, I only ask that you let them take the cattle with them.  I’ll see to their severance pay.  They’re good folks though.  I don’t mean to get into a long story or scare you off on your first day, but if any roughneck types come through here causing trouble, those ranch hands will make quick work of them.  I’ve had a few scrapes from time to time with some bandits that come from the south, talking some nonsense about they need the cattle for a revolution they’re waging.

All ranch hands know how to use a bow, crossbow, and sword as easily as they do the lasso, although I know these weapons are illegal and it ain’t too smart of me to be talking about it in writing.  But these people are like my sons—far better, in fact—and if it seems I’m making a sales pitch to you on their behalf, well, you got me.

I ‘d take them with me, but I’m gonna go settle down on some place small with little upkeep, and I just won’t be able to afford the ranch hands or give them the kind of work that they truly love.

It’s your decision though.  They know how to take orders, but I must say it’ll break their hearts to leave this place.

Sincerely,

Chris Wilkins

Righty felt a sense of elation and aggravation.  He had hoped this would be a place where he could get away from it all.  Be utterly free from the scrutinizing gaze of anything in the world except that of nature itself.  But now he was either going to have to turn these men away and take away not only their source of income but a job they apparently loved and that was a way of life for them or take them on as employees.  

“What do you think, Harold?” 

The konulans looked awed as they realized Righty had not only taught Harold how to read but was asking his opinion.  They hoped they too might ascend to such lofty status one day.

“Well,” Harold began.  “I know you were hoping to have this place all by yourself, but there could be some benefit here.  Let’s face it—your friends at the junkyard couldn’t hold a candle to these guys in a fight, if this Mr. Wilkins here knows what he’s talking about, and I think he does.  The day might come where you need to develop a serious bodyguard unit, and it sounds like this might be one of the best recruitment pools you’ll ever come across.  The next time you walk into an ambush like the one in that alley, it might not be just two or three guys with swords, but rather ten to twenty, all of whom know how to use them.  It’s time to recognize the fact that in your line of work you need men who can form a small army when necessary.”

Righty could offer no rebuttal.  He was beginning to learn that every time he took one step forward in this business, it meant a lot more than just extra money.  It meant extra responsibilities, particularly of the managerial species, and since he had already decided he was going forward in this business no matter what, the issue with regards to these men seemed to be resolved, at least if they were as Mr. Wilkins portrayed them.

“Let’s go meet them,” Righty said.  “Harold, watch my back close.  Any funny business—and I mean any—you lay into these guys.”  Almost as an afterthought, he turned to the konulans and said, “That goes for you too, but you wait for Harold’s signal.”

“What would that be?” Laura asked.

“If you see Harold dragging a man about fifty feet up into the air and letting him drop,” Righty said with a straight face.

“Do you know where their quarters are?” Righty asked Harold.

Harold nodded.

“Konulans, spread out.  If you see anything suspicious, let Harold know right away.”

They all nodded assent.

Righty got on Harold’s back and went to go meet the men.  He almost asked Harold drop him off right in front of the ranch hands.  After all, these sounded like the kind of guys who judged their sense of self-worth based on how long they could hold on to a bucking bronco, so if Righty swooped down on a bird that could gore one of their nastiest cattle, that might set the tone Righty was aiming for.

But there was no way he was going to reveal a secret weapon that easily.

He had Harold come in really low and set him down about a quarter mile away, and from there he began walking towards the encampment.  He almost jumped out of his skin when he saw a creature walking along the ground towards him that appeared so fierce it made Righty think he was letting his nervousness get the better of him.  Then, he guessed it was a scorpion, something he had seen in drawings but never in real life.  He meandered slightly, giving the creature some space, and the scorpion reciprocated by slinking away.

He saw a fence and acre upon acre of lush green grass, as well as lots of cattle inside it.  He saw men riding around with horses and lassos and carrying on with all kinds of activity he knew nothing about.

He then let out a loud whistle.  He didn’t mean to be rude, but he was getting behind schedule, and if he was going to be these men’s boss, they’d have to have some thickness of skin.

“Yo!” he heard a voice yell from afar, and then lots of whistles.  It seemed the men were calling each other.

A mere two minutes later, a small dust cloud arose as the men came thundering towards him.  Before Righty had even stopped marveling at the sight of all those cattle and all the magnificent stallions the ranchers were riding on, he realized he was standing face to face with thirty men.

“Good afternoon, men.  My name is Richard Simmers.  Mr. Wilkins left a note telling me a lot of good things about you.”  More than one gulped, but most were stoic.  They had a tough, yet unthreatening, look about them.

“Dismount,” he told them.  He watched their faces carefully to see how they reacted to this reasonable request.  He didn’t see a sullen look amongst them.  Quicker than a jiffy, their horses were tied, and they were standing at his level.

Righty went down the line and shook hands firmly with each.  Every last one gave a nice, firm handshake, looked him square in the eye, gave his full name, and added “Nice to meet you, Mr. Simmers” or some derivation thereof.

Righty didn’t see a haughty eye amongst them.  But they radiated strength.  He was beginning to have a good feeling about this after all.

“Mr. Wilkins has told me you want to stay here.”  Righty scanned their faces more carefully than ever now.  He saw some slight tension, but their stoicism remained.

“I think we can probably make that work.  Let’s do a trial month.”  He saw some of the tension ease in their faces.  “Based upon Mr. Wilkins’ description of you, I think we should get along great.  He says you like to keep to yourselves, raise cattle, sell them every six months, and then turn over the proceeds in exchange for a salary plus living quarters.”

Heads nodded.

“That all sounds good to me.  I know nothing about cattle, and most of these creatures would throw me from here to Sivingdel!”  That brought some polite laughter, but it was clear they were eagerly waiting to see what else Mr. Simmers had to say.

“I like to keep to myself too.  I bought this place mostly as a kind of idyllic getaway, but I do have a green thumb—or at least, am working on developing one—and I would both expect and demand absolute privacy with regards to all gardening activities.”  

“Yes, sir,” was the uniform response, and it sounded sincere.

“Mr. Wilkins said you guys can handle yourselves.  That’s of particular interest to me.  I’m a businessman, and as such I occasionally have to deal with muggers, murderers, and other riffraff.  It’s forced me to learn a thing or two about combat.  Could I see a crossbow demonstration?”

Righty expected to see them hightailing it back to their quarters for their crossbows, but instead he found himself looking at thirty drawn crossbows with a bolt in each, ready to go.

Without warning, Righty removed an apple from his pocket and threw it up into the air.  They got the hint.  Righty couldn’t be sure that all thirty bolts hit the apple, but the first ten or so that did left very little of a target.

Impressed, Righty said, “Let’s see the swords.”

Thinking surely this would send them galloping back to their quarters, he was surprised when each of them reached into a compartment hidden underneath long flaps hanging from their saddles and pulled out their swords.

“You look like cavalry!” Righty exclaimed impressed, and they smiled modestly.

“And your bows?”

The tallest of the bunch said, “Most of us prefer the crossbow, but we do have bows back at our houses, and we can go get them if you like.”

“No need,” Righty said, being adequately impressed.  “In the past, how have you all determined whether someone on the ranch was welcome or not?”

The tall one spoke up again.  “If Mr. Wilkins said he was a guest, then we stayed away.  If Mr. Wilkins said the person was not a guest, we showed him our crossbows.  That usually settled things.”

“How long have most of you worked here?”

“I’ve been here since I was twelve, which means I’ve been here eighteen years.  Most of us have been here for at least ten to fifteen years.”

“Would you say you recognize most of the people who come by here for innocent purposes?”

“Very rarely does anyone come here.  We take the cattle to the market.”

“So, if someone unexpected arrives, they’re given very careful attention?”

“Very close,” the tall man answered.

“Well, that’s good.  That’s very good,” Righty said.  “If anyone arrives here at my behest, he’ll either be announced adequately in advance or will be seen arriving in my company.  Under any other circumstances, I want you to treat any intruder with extreme hostility.  If they don’t give a good reason for their presence and don’t know how to turn around and do a convincing sprint or gallop away from here, then you shoot.”

The men nodded.

“Well, I’ve probably taken up too much of your time, men.  You might see me doing some moving today, but I’ll be out of your hair.  Most of my activity will be near the house.”  Righty was glad this was a good two miles away.

“Yes, sir,” the men said, and they tipped their hats adieu.

Righty, not having a hat, simply nodded.

He felt particularly relieved when he saw them ride off immediately and begin making themselves busy, and not a single one of them looked over his shoulder to start spying on his new boss.  

Righty walked back towards the house, and he gave a soft whistle to Harold once he was pretty sure the coast was clear.  Harold swooped in low—a mere four three from the ground—and then landed.  Righty got on top, and Harold stayed low until they got a couple miles away and then took Righty up to the hill.

Righty figured that if there was one place where it just might be impossible to keep Harold a secret very long it was ironically in the very place he had thought it would be easiest, but as he looked at the country separating the house from the cattle-grazing area, he concluded the trees and tall grass would most likely obfuscate the view.  But the flip side to this coin, Righty quickly realized, was that these men were probably the least likely people to be overly surprised by the freakish Harold and Righty might even gain some additional respect if the men saw he could ride this massive bird.

But one thing was certain.  Righty wasn’t going to tiptoe around on his own property.  If any of these men discovered Harold or his Smokeless Green and told anyone else about it without his express permission, they would be dealt with.  And an additional wave of assurance fell upon him as he thought of the konulans, whose unalarming presence would give him an unprecedented ability to conduct surveillance and discover traitors. 

Righty rode Harold from the hill down to the house and set the barrels there.  When Harold brought him back to hillside, he told the konulans, “Here’s your first important mission.  Watch this area closely.  Look after these ranch hands.  See what you can learn about them.  I’ll be expecting a full report when I get back.”

Harold then took Righty back to Ringsetter, where Righty then searched his barn until he found a large sack.  He managed to get three barrels in there, and Harold took them to the ranch with Righty.

By the time 8 p.m. was nearing, there were still several barrels of seeds that had to be moved, and none of the plants had been moved, but Righty had an appointment at the junkyard.

Nothing of consequence happened that night, except that they beat the previous night’s record and moved forty pounds in a mere forty minutes.  Righty recouped all money that same night from the consignment and felt extremely relieved that he was soon going to be able to begin a real farm, where these beautiful plants could receive the full warmth and energy of the sun.

Righty did not stick around afterwards but instead went back to Ringsetter, and he and Harold spent the rest of the night moving the remaining barrels.  Righty almost moved the plants themselves, but the sun was starting to come up, and it dawned on him that it would be prudent not to go ripping these plants out of the ground before the ones at his ranch had begun to grow.  

He had already planted a few rows last night, and he planned to plant about six acres’ worth very soon.  That would be a mere start.  Then he would start planting corn around them to camouflage his true cash crop.

Righty would have liked to go spend the night at his ranch, but it was too late for that.  It would be broad daylight long before he arrived, and furthermore he had a sword lesson in Sodorf at 3 p.m.  He would have to steal a handful of hours of sleep now just to be alert enough for his sword lesson.  

It was beginning to occur to him that in the process of running this business he just might find himself rich in money but destitute of time.

Chapter 37

Pitkins was stunned by the progress Righty had made.  He had always considered his progress to be remarkable, but the swiftness, the gracefulness, and the technicality of his movements were advancing in a way Pitkins would not have even believed had he not been seeing it now with his own eyes.

“Are you sure you’ve never practiced before?” Pitkins asked, grinning.

“Three hours a day, every day, since our sword lessons began” was Righty’s response.

“Well, I admire your dedication.  That reminds me of something I had been planning on mentioning to you anyway.”

Righty looked at him attentively.

“Last month, a huge gold mine just one hour south of the city was discovered.  It was thought small at first, but over the last couple weeks of excavation it has been reported to be possibly the largest gold mine discovered in centuries.  I’m no economist, and I’m certainly no stockbroker, but it takes neither to know that something major’s afoot here in Sodorf.  Already, floods of people are trickling in from small towns throughout the country looking for work, and I’ve heard talk of some major investors considering the possibility of huge construction projects in anticipation of the economic boom that’s coming.

“Anyway, I’m mentioning that because I’ve already noticed a small uptick in the value of the Sodorfian currency, and I just want you to know that what we agreed upon for sword lessons will remain the same in Seleganian currency.  You don’t need to worry about the coming currency value gap.  As I’ve said before, I charge to make sure the student values the services.”

“It sounds like a pretty major development,” Righty said, acutely interested, but not in the least because of a concern about the price of sword lessons.  “I’ll pay whatever you consider fair.  You’re a man I hold in high esteem.”

Pitkins might have distrusted a man making a similar comment, but he knew Mr. Simmers was no flatterer.

“Likewise,” Pitkins said.  “Your dedication is unrivalled.  If you continue on this course, you’ll eclipse my own skills one day.”  Like any teacher, Pitkins considered that possibility a bittersweet scenario and considered the possibility he ought to begin practicing more regularly.  He had previously considered his one hour of sword practice per day rather impressive, given that he was a mere civilian living in a peaceful country.

“If that day exists, it is not visible with the naked eye or even the telescope,” Righty said, laughing.

“And when it comes to combat,” Righty continued, “you’d be surprised to learn that one of my biggest areas of weakness is in the sphere of unarmed combat.”

“With your boxing skills?!”

“In the ring, they don’t allow wrestling holds.  On the street, the rules are a bit more lax,” as I discovered during a recent mugging.

“I have some experience in that area of combat,” Pitkins said humbly, not sure whether to reveal that when it came to unarmed combat his grappling skills excelled even his striking skills.

Then, at Pitkins’ request, Righty demonstrated the bear hug by which Sam had nearly crushed him.  Righty squeezed with all his might and then said, “Go!” expecting Pitkins to simulate a bite or groin grab to prompt a release.

Instead, the next thing Righty knew was he was taking a trip through outer space before landing on his back, on the mat, with Pitkins on top of him holding him firmly.

“If you told me you just performed magic, I wouldn’t know the difference,” Righty said sincerely.  Righty then worried he was about to be interrogated as to the details of the mugging, but to his relief Pitkins simply walked him through the move step by step, showing him how to step backwards, squat, and then lunge upwards thrusting his arms forward around his opponent’s back and from there executing a hip throw.

“Like I said:  magic,” Righty remarked, laughing.  “Could we add an hour of that on to each lesson?  You name the price.”

Pitkins charged the same as for sword lessons and gave him an hour lesson on the spot.

When Righty got back to the woods and found Harold, Righty was beaming.

“What are you so happy about?” Harold asked.

“We’ve been thinking small.  Way too small,” Righty said.

“Small?!  You just spent all of yesterday moving your seeds across a mountain range to begin a large-scale farm—interrupted briefly by a trip to a distant city, where you made $400,000 in a single night, with no overhead or taxes—and you’ve now just finished several hours of sword lessons with perhaps the most skilled swordsman in the known world, and you say you’re thinking small!” Harold remarked aghast, yet somehow good-naturedly at the same time, finding Righty’s insatiable appetite both concerning and exciting.

“You’ll soon agree with me once you have the benefit of hindsight,” Righty responded, not yet being willing to part with the news that had his spirits as high as the clouds he would soon be flying through.

Righty now saw the opportunity to “return” the Smokeless Green seeds so long ago as a small, yet significant, doorway that had opened up a new world of possibilities to him.  But today he had just discovered another, much larger, doorway that was now going to unveil a new universe of possibilities.  It was time to get into the international export business.  He could pick the city of Sivingdel away block by block.  He didn’t have to risk his life being greedy for the whole city overnight.

Right here, all around him, was virgin territory.  Smokeless Green was illegal here except for the nobles, a far more exclusive group than even the “gentlemen” of Selegania, and it was common knowledge that its soil and climate had nowhere near the agricultural potency of southern Selegania.  Thus, nature had already assigned her the role of importer.  He was located near the border, and he was going to find the means to ensure those routes became his while his competitors were busy worrying about measly blocks of lousy city turf.  

The currency difference alone would soon make single transactions here equivalent to dozens or perhaps hundreds of similar transactions in Selegania.  He was going to develop the most high-quality product imaginable at his idyllic ranch and ship it here as soon as possible.  His spies would root out any traitor, and Harold would fill in whatever muscle Righty couldn’t exert himself.  He was going to earn more money than an emperor could imagine, and if need be he would buy an army.  He would be unstoppable.  He would rule the—

“Righty?”

Harold was looking at him with genuine concern.

“Just thinking.  Just thinking.”

The End of The Swordsman

If you liked this book, please consider writing a review.

Next volume available on Smashwords!
