The Greylands: Volume VIII
Susan Skylark

Copyright 2019 Susan Skylark
Smashwords Edition



Author’s note: each story is unique to itself and not related in any way to any other story, character, or world in this or any other series.



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to an authorized retailor and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents:

The Shining Vale
The Dark ere the Dawn
Lightwalker

Other Books by this Author
Sample Chapters


The Shining Vale

He stood upon a rocky precipice, perched upon the very roof of the world with all its Kingdoms spread out before him like a great patchwork quilt.  The stars were bright overhead, the thin atmosphere at that great height doing little to diminish their radiant beauty, high and cold, untouched by the troubles of the world below.  Behind him lay the Shining Vale, his home, as bright and untroubled as the stars in their courses.  He could go back, meander once more among the great and ancient trees veiled in river mist.  He turned his great head back to look again upon the troublous Kingdoms of Men and knew what he must do.  The stars watched indifferently as a flash of silver ghosted down the mountainside like a trickle of water in the moonlight anxiously seeking the distant sea.
At the foot of the mountains, he gazed longingly up at the now distant stars that seemed but fickle specks of light in an endless void of blackness; with a shudder, he knew if he were not successful, even those pitiful flecks of light would utterly be swallowed by Shadow and all the world with them.  He then gazed upon his own diminished form, knowing mortal eye could not look upon his unveiled glory without going blind.  His beauty had dimmed as much as the stars, but it was necessary if he was to survive in this strange and broken world.  He did not look back at the mountains, nor the Vale that lay beyond, but rather he looked in the direction his heart was inexorably drawn and turned his steps thither.  With the speed of a darting bird, rather than that of any earthbound creature, he galloped off into the gloom of a mortal night.

Brin stood upon the crest of the hill and studied the vale that spread out before him, contentment and pride welling up unbidden in his heart, for all of this would one day be his as it had been his father’s and grandfather’s for seven generations back, neither would he be an idle lord who sat in comfort while others tilled the ground and tended the stock, but rather he would be as active and productive as any of the servants in his father’s service, even as he was today.  He grinned sheepishly at nothing, for he was certainly alone upon the hilltop, only then remembering the task that had brought him to this place.  He turned his horse and continued down the hill and upon his way, his reverie soon forgotten as duty bade him onward.
The unicorn stepped out of the trees as the boy vanished into the distance, glancing uneasily up at a magpie perched in the lower branches, said he, “this then is Your hero?”
“If he will agree to it,” said the bird.
The unicorn shook his head in dismay, “but he seems far too prosperous and content therein to take up such a foolish quest!”
“True,” said the magpie, cocking His head, “though if he refuses My call, his rather idyllic life will not long last and all he once cherished will be laid waste.”
The unicorn snorted, “and if he agrees?”
“Child,” said the pert little fowl, “only I am allowed to know the future and all its possibilities and potentials.”
The wondrous creature bowed his head in contrition, “then let us hope he chooses wisely that I may see what comes of it.”
“Let us hope he chooses thusly, not only for his sake but for the sake of all mankind,” said the bird quietly.

As the evening stars began peeping out of the quickly darkening sky, Brin sat beside his fire and stared sleepily into the dancing flames, perhaps watching his brilliant future unfold in the stupefying flicker of the flames.  A sudden movement brought him wide awake and back to the present moment, wondering what or who was so bold as to enter the light of his fire.  His jaw fell open in astonishment as he looked full upon a creature out of legend; he blinked desperately, trying to clear the mystifying vision from his eyes, but it would not be banished, but rather stood there as real as a cow in the meadow, placidly gazing at him, as if expecting some word of greeting.
The boy was on his feet as soon as he regained some semblance of control over his sensibilities, though still thoroughly befuddled, he would not have so wondrous a creature accusing him of rudeness.  He offered the unicorn an awkward bow and said in a strained voice, “welcome to my humble encampment, how might I be of service?”
The creature tossed his head and snorted a laugh, “that is much better lad, one cannot go gaping like a yokel at every strange sight that crosses your path, for certainly you shall yet see far more peculiar and wondrous sights than me.  As to your service, that is yet to be seen.  As to my presence, I have come to deliver a message: you are hereby summoned to the Shining Vale.”
“S...s...summoned?” gaped the boy, “The Shining Vale!”
“Yes,” said the unicorn in amusement, “mere fancy and legend though you mortals think it, from thence am I come.  As to the reason, that you will have to discover when you get there.”
“But how?” gasped the boy, “No mortal man can climb the Impossible Mountains, let alone gaze upon the lands beyond, or so say the stories.”
“Yes,” said the creature with a shrug, “but you have been summoned nonetheless and must find a way, that is if you intend to answer the summons?”
The boy sat heavily upon the turf, his head in his hands, “what am I to do?”
The unicorn yawned, stomped a foot, and said, “answer yea or nay.”
The boy looked at the creature in astonishment, “I dare not defy such a summons yet can I leave everything behind?”
“That is the pivotal question, lad,” said the unicorn quietly, “and only you can answer it.  You must forsake everything you once knew, perhaps even life itself, if you are intent on this quest, else you can go home and pretend it was all a dream.”
The boy stared at the creature as if he were mad, “have you any idea how impossible it would be for me to do the latter?”  He stared morosely into the fire, “yet how difficult it is for me to accomplish the former?”
The unicorn turned back towards the woods, “you have your answer then.  It is better to attempt the difficult rather than the impossible.”
“You are going?” said the boy in consternation.
“Certainly,” said the unicorn, “I have delivered my message, all that remains is for you to act upon it, if you will.”
The boy frowned, “when must I go?”
The unicorn eyed him significantly, “when do you think?”
The boy nodded sadly, “immediately, at least as soon as I am able.  First thing tomorrow I must ride towards the mountains with nary a word of farewell or explanation for my folk.”
“Then fare you well upon the road that lies before you, lad,” said the unicorn with a slight smile, “and remember that He who has summoned you has not done so in vain neither do you tread this path alone.”
“I suppose,” said the boy quietly, “though I cannot say it makes any sense to me at the moment.”
“Nor I,” said the unicorn with a flick of his tail, “but He need not explain Himself to the likes of us.”  He vanished into the surrounding shadows as suddenly as he had come, leaving the boy utterly alone with his thoughts.  He did not sleep that night for the strange and wondrous thoughts coursing through his mind.  As soon as the sun was up, he was in the saddle and pressing towards the mountains.  The unicorn stood amongst the bushes and watched him go, turning again to the magpie, he whispered, “so it is begun.”
“Yes,” said the little bird with a smile, “your tale as well as his.  My Enemy will not be pleased when he discovers he is not unopposed in his bid to conquer the world.”
The unicorn shuddered at mention of that name, said he in trepidation, “what have I agreed to?”
The bird chirruped amusedly, “a great adventure indeed, child.  Now go ward the boy’s steps, though he must not know he has acquired a shadow.”

Brin’s heart was uneasy upon his quest, though he had agreed to it, he still felt himself an undutiful son in not completing the mission his father had lately assigned him, namely picking up a satchel full of mysterious correspondence from one of the outlying farms.  So it was that night when he stopped at an inn on the very border of his father’s lands, his heart rejoiced to see a lad with whom he was very slightly acquainted, hoping perhaps he could carry the letters to his Lordship.  The boy seemed rather astonished to see Brin in such a place, but quickly schooled his features to friendly neutrality and asked after Brin’s adventures.
Said Tippin in reply, “I had thought to go adventuring myself, but this seems a needful task so perhaps my adventures can wait a few days.  Are you really going to try climbing the Impossible Mountains?”
Brin said with a heavy sigh, “I will try, but if the stories are to be believed, I will not likely succeed.”
Tippin frowned, “you really believe all that nonsense?  The old stories our grandmothers tell before a winter fire?”
Brin eyed the boy askance, “did I not just say I was sent on this venture by a unicorn and I’m attempting to find a place that most men think a myth?”
Tippin raised his hands defensively, “whatever you say milord, but how was I to know you weren’t trying to make a fool of me?”
Brin said coldly, “think me a fool if you will, but I must be on my way come dawn.  See that these letters reach my father and he will see that you are well compensated.”  He handed over the satchel, the boy snatched it, bobbed an awkward bow, and dashed from the inn before Brin could change his mind.  Frowning after the scamp, Brin shook his head and wondered if he had made a mistake, but there was nothing to be done now but to see to acquiring provisions for his journey and then getting a good night’s sleep in the last inn he was likely to see for some time.

Tippin hid himself in the stables, and by the light of a stolen candle, spent the night perusing his Lordship’s mail, what he read both horrified and thrilled him.  Come morning, bleary eyed but eager, he found Brin as the boy was mounting his horse, demanding more than asking, “might I accompany you?”
Brin frowned, “have you not a mission of the utmost importance?”
Tippin wore as genuinely fake a smile as he could muster, “I found a lad bound thitherward sir, and he happily agreed to deliver his Lordship’s satchel.”
Brin’s frown deepened, but he knew the fellow would follow even if he bade him stay, with a sigh, he said, “very well, but do not tarry long, for time presses!”  With a bob of his head, Tippin vanished around the corner of the inn and emerged very soon thereafter with a moth-eaten roan.  Brin shook his head in dismay but wasted no words as he dug in his heels and took to the road, hoping the bedraggled horse of his companion would soon fall by the wayside, unable to keep apace of his well-bred horse, but alas, the beast though homely, was quite a sturdy and resilient animal thus was Tippin now a permanent member of the party.
“This is insane,” said Tippin as their horses jogged along.
Brin frowned at him, “then why are you coming along?”
Tippin grinned eagerly, “it is still an adventure, perhaps my only chance at one.  And I do not think you have told me what you are really about.”
Brin gave him a quizzical look but a curious smile curved one side of his mouth, “what then do you think I am up to?”
“You’re a spy,” said Tippin triumphantly, “or at least a scout.”
Brin frowned, “what on earth are you talking about?”
Tippin laughed heartily, “you play a wonderful innocent, milord, but you cannot hide the truth from me!  Unicorns and the Shining Vale indeed!  It is all a cover story to hide your true errand: scouting for your father.  Strange creatures have been sighted in the wide world and he would know more of it but can trust none but his own son to carry it out.  Tell me all you know of these lizard men.”
Brin was truly confused, “lizard men?  What, pray tell, is a lizard man?  And you think me mad for believing in unicorns!”
Tippin was rather aghast, “you truly do not know?  Those letters you carried!”
“You read them!” said Brin aghast, “I was merely their carrier and knew nothing of their contents.”
Tippin smiled like the rogue he was, “I could not help it milord, it reeked of danger, which is a requisite part of any adventure.”
Sighed the young lord, “did you really find someone to carry them to my father?”  The boy’s impish grin was answer enough yet he knew he could not turn around and see them safely delivered, for he felt himself drawn inexorably to those fabulous mountains.
“So you’re not really a spy and thought you did see a unicorn?” asked Tippin in dismay.
Brin met his gaze and said tiredly, “I have spoken only the truth, whatever you decide to make of my tales.  You can go chasing lizardmen for all of me if you think mine is a fool’s errand; I did not ask you to come.”
Tippin shrugged, “these lizardmen have been seen lurking along the edges of civilized lands and as that is where we are headed, our journey shall be one and the same.”  Brin sighed heavily but made no further reply, leaving Tippin to plot, scheme, and dream as he would and wondering what his own future held.

They rode on for several weeks without incident, seeing nothing of lizardmen or any other creature out of legend or rumor, but ever did the mountains grow on the distant horizon until they stood at their very base.  They could do nothing but stare up and up and up, for there would be no climbing such an edifice.  It was as if some ancient god had taken a dagger of cold stone and driven it into the very heart of the world, for the rocky wall rose nearly perpendicularly with no cleft or crack in which to gain a foothold.  These were no natural mountains, but a very fence of stone, raised to keep men out of the Shining Vale.  Brin’s heart fell, the stories were true!  But how was he to answer this summons?
He had grown no fonder of Tippin during the course of their journey, for he had but one interest and that was himself.  Ever did he try to discover whatever it was Brin was truly up to or speculate upon what and who these so-called lizardmen were and how the creatures might avail them, either as monsters that a hero might vanquish or as powerful allies who could do much to advance the cause of so bold a peasant lad.  Brin simply let him talk and kept his uneasy thoughts to himself.
Said Tippin with a mocking grin, “well milord?  Whither lies your Shining Vale?”
Brin’s eyes widened as he took in the creatures standing behind his smug companion, there was no sign of the Vale but at last he knew what a Lizardman was.  Tippin saw Brin’s surprise and turned to stare at whatever it was that had so discomfited his companion and smiled eagerly, despite his terror.  The creatures fell upon the boys in the very next moment and easily trussed them like a pair of market hens, carrying them triumphantly back to their camp.  Brin was terrified, but studied their captors with interest, wondering what interest they had in mortal men, from whence they had come and whither they were going.  Some almost appeared human while others were far more reptilian in form and feature; he wondered what the difference was.
At last they were flung at the feet of a huge reptilian monstrosity that lounged upon a crudely made throne of stones and branches.  The creature eyed them hungrily and asked of his minions, “spies?  Prey?”
One of the underlings hissed, “we do not know, my Lord.  We found them at the foot of the Cursed Mountains and brought them hither, that you might determine what was best to be done with them.”
“Ah,” hissed the repulsive captain of the lizard host, “then speak you wretched children, who are you and what is to come of you?”
Brin frowned deeply but held his tongue, but Tippin was not so inclined, “I am but the son of the meanest of peasants, milord while this is the very son and heir of a great lord.  His father is aware of your presence, has had your people spied upon, but I managed to intercept the vile correspondence and offer it to you freely as proof of my good will.”
The great monster hissed, “you are a bold one, child of men, would you like to become something more?”
Tippin shivered in dread and eagerness, “if it would please your lordship.”
“Yes,” hissed the captain, “and what of you, traitor’s son?”
Brin said stonily, “I want nothing to do with you, you loathsome reptile.”
The gathered creatures snarled and hissed in displeasure in their own vile tongue, grated the greatest at Tippin, “is he of any use whatsoever?”
Tippin smiled grimly, “he knows nothing that would be of use to you, milord, and I doubt his father would bargain for his life.”
The monster laughed coldly, “we do not bargain: we destroy utterly.  If he is of no use or interest, then there is but one thing to be done.”  His awful smile deepened, “and you will be the one to do it, as part of your initiation into our ranks.”
Tippin shuddered but said faintly, “so be it, milord.”  The laughter of those gathered about was terrible to hear, but they loosed the boy and handed him a dagger.
“Take him to the cook,” said the lizard captain.  Tippin shuddered again but quickly scampered after the lizardman that had taken up the wide-eyed Brin and bore him bodily away.  The creature cast Brin on the ground next to a half skinned deer; Tippin stood anxiously over him, dagger clutched in his sweating hands.  He took a deep breath, as if to steel himself, and then struck, while the lizards about him laughed scornfully at his hesitancy and anxiety.

The mire burbled and squelched as something stirred in its depths, at last a bedraggled creature crept out of its midst.  The wretched thing tried to stand on two legs, but the best it could manage was a hunched crouch, before collapsing miserably upon the muddy bank where it wept disconsolately.  In the distance, the voice of a mighty water sang a song of utter joy while a shining grove stood silent vigil upon its banks.  Brin felt his soul drawn to that splendid vale, but he had not the strength to stand, let alone to approach the distant wood and river, nor would he dare appear amidst its shade in such a terrible guise.  His entire being seemed made of nothing but mud and clay and sodden ash; he made the lizardmen appear comely by comparison.  He fell again into wracking sobs of despair and knew nothing more for what seemed a very long time.
He shuddered, for he felt a Presence and it was terrible.  He slid back into the mire, hoping to lose himself again among the mud and the muck, but he knew those Eyes could find him, wherever he tried to hide himself.  Trembling in absolute terror, he looked upon a unicorn, but not just a unicorn, rather the Unicorn, a creature so great and terrible, He made his mortal image appear a child’s pony by comparison.  Brin felt those awful eyes upon himself and knew they knew everything about him, but rather than scorn and revulsion, he felt pity and such sorrow that he felt the very heart of the world must burst asunder, which only worsened his own grief.  Then the wondrous Being did the unthinkable and took a step into that awful bog.  A drop of silver blood fell from a wound in the Unicorn’s side, the moment it touched that unspeakable mire, everything was made new.
“Come child,” said the Unicorn, as the creature of filth became something else altogether and rather splashed out of a crystal clear pool with varicolored rocks lining its bed rather than slogging through stinking mud and ooze.
Brin trembled, but whether in joy or terror, perhaps both, he could not tell, but he dared not disobey that wondrous Voice.  He hastened after the retreating form as He vanished into the Shining Vale, finding no difficulty in following the path.  They stood upon the bank of the River; great, shining trees towered overhead, alight from within.  Said He, quietly, “will you cross the River?”
Brin frowned, what kind of a question was that?  Of course he’d cross the River, it called to him with a song he could hardly resist, yet some part of him did resist.  He met that fathomless gaze as he went to one knee and whispered, “what would you have of me, Lord?”

“You’re not so homely after you’ve had a proper bath,” came an amused and vaguely familiar voice.
Brin turned suddenly and saw another unicorn, this one far less terrifying and wondrous than the True Unicorn, though he was a far more fearsome and glorious sight than he had been in the mortal world.  Said the boy faintly in awe, “I have come.”  His smile became rueful, “and now I must go.”
“Then what are we idly standing about for?” said the unicorn eagerly, “We have our Master’s business to be about.”
They stood on the edge of the Vale, the Impossible Mountains rising sharply before them, said Brin faintly, glancing up and up and up, “and how do you propose I do that?”
The unicorn snorted, “quit thinking like a mortal man.”
Brin frowned, “how else should I think?  Is that not what I am?”  For the first time since emerging from the crystal pool, he studied himself and gaped at the changes wrought in his person.  So mystified by his Master and all that had happened was he, that he had not even thought about his personal appearance thereafter.  He smiled faintly in wonder, “not bad looking indeed!  What am I?”
The unicorn chuckled, “a man, what else would you be?”
“But?” said the boy, holding up a glowing hand in wonder.
The unicorn shook his head in amusement, “you mortals are such shortsighted creatures.  You have immortal souls, if bound by mortal flesh.  It is your choice whether you become something eternally hideous or the creatures our Master intends for you to be.  You are a man as he was intended to be, no longer the fallen and broken creature you once were.  You have heeded our Master’s call and thus have fulfilled your potential, whereas, had you chosen against Him, well, we shall not speak of such awful things in the shadow of the Vale.  Come, we have a mountain to climb.”  The creature turned broadside to Brin, as if expecting him to mount.  Brin stared at the unicorn in astonishment, prompting the creature to snort in impatience, “come lad, we have a world to save and you cannot do it afoot!”
As one in a dream, the boy climbed aback the glorious creature and suddenly they were flying up the mountainside as easily as stones might plummet from its peak.  They stood for a time upon the summit and studied all the world about them.  Brin stared wistfully into the valley behind them, “it pains me to leave it behind!”
“Certainly,” said the unicorn quietly, “you have come Home at last.”  He turned his gaze to the mortal world, “but our duty lies thither.”
Brin shivered, “it was the only home I have ever known, but now I shudder to go back.  It seems a very fog of fear and death covers it over.”
“And so it does,” said the unicorn sadly, “such was the price of your forefathers’ rebellion against the Master and so shall it linger until the End of Days, when all shall be made new.”
Brin smiled eagerly, “just like me!”
“Yes,” said the creature gravely, “save some will fall forever into utter night for rejecting our Master, including the Fiend and his minions, but for now the Villain wages war against our Master and the mortal world, he is intent on covering all these lands forever under his veiling shadow.”
Brin said stonily, “an eventuality we will do all within our power to prevent.”  He grinned sheepishly, “how ever do I know that?”
The unicorn chuckled, “ah lad, you will see stranger things yet, did I not tell you so upon our first meeting?”  With a shriek of utter joy, Brin felt himself plummeting down the far side of the mountains faster than thought.

When the world quit spinning, they stood in the stableyard of an inn in the wan grey light of predawn, apparently unseen by any of the few abroad at that early hour.  “How are your thieving skills, lad?” asked Erian.
Brin gave him an eager grin, “it is not theft to retrieve something of your own.”
He slid from the great back and crossed the stableyard, not bothering to hide himself, for he knew himself invisible to mortal eyes, at least for the moment.  He saw Tippin run out of the stables and vanish around the corner of the inn; the moment the boy was gone, Brin entered the stable and found the place where the boy had secreted himself for the night.  He shook his head grimly at such a breach of faith, as he gathered up his father’s letters and placed an equal bulk of straw into the satchel in their stead.  Grinning like a naughty child, he took the letters and withdrew from the stable even as Tippin dashed back in.  He climbed aback the unicorn, his eager smile answer enough.  The creature shifted slightly and the world about them spun.  Brin felt suddenly lightheaded and fell from Erian’s back, the opened letters still clutched in his hands.

He awoke in his own bed, he sat up suddenly in agitation but then slumped back in dismay; had it all been a dream?  A glorious, horrid dream?  “Easy lad,” came his father’s gentle voice.  Brin glanced about anxiously and saw the beloved man sitting in a chair beside the bed, lines of worry creasing his brow but relief bright in his eyes.  “We found you collapsed in the courtyard this morning and have not been able to waken you.”
Brin glanced at the golden light of a late afternoon slanting through the open window then grimaced as he remembered the open letters he had been holding.  His father seemed to read his mind and soothed, “whatever happened, I am not angry, only happy to have you home, safe and sound.”
The boy said contritely, “I did not read them, father, rather a scamp of a young man got ahold of them and opened them all, but I managed to get them back.”
The man nodded, despite his assuring words his gaze and countenance softened as he said, “I did not think you did, but it is good to know what really happened.”  He looked sadly at his hands in his lap and then met his son’s curious eyes, “and I believe the time has come to reveal the reason for such mysterious correspondence, that is if you feel up to it?  Perhaps I should have told you sooner, but I did not want to destroy your childish innocence any sooner than I had to, but I fear the time has come, whether I would or not, for fell things are moving in the world and they will destroy all I hold dear whether you are aware of their existence or not.”
His father then told him of the sightings of uncanny creatures along the borders of civilization and in the wilds where no man was usually wont to go.  Of disquiet rumors of war and worse in the southlands.  “So you see,” said the man quietly, “evil is stirring and seems like to consume the whole world.  What can one little province do against such an awful foe?  I fear you shall soon be left with nothing to pass on to your own children, if you even survive to have them.”
“Grim tidings indeed,” said the boy as he stood, “indeed, I saw just such monsters upon my journey!”
“No!” said the man aghast, “Within the very borders of our land?”
Brin frowned, “no, rather a journey of many days from our borders, upon the very brink of the Impossible Mountains.”
It was his father’s turn to frown, “lad, you have not been gone long enough to make that journey and return.  Indeed, I was surprised to see you returned so soon, for you hardly had time to retrieve the letters and ride back therein.  Is this not just some imagining of your fevered mind?”
The boy’s smile grew thoughtful as he suddenly understood that he was a creature beyond time and that its usual ebb and flow meant nothing to him now, rather his duties would dictate when and where he was wont to appear.  He met his father’s worried gaze, “my horse?”
The man’s frown deepened, “the creature is in the stable, why fret about the beast now?”
Brin smiled like his long dead mother, causing his father to sigh wistfully, said the boy, “it was no dream sir, and perhaps we are not as undefended as you think.”  The old man could only smile patiently and shake his head at his son’s insistence that his deliriums were indeed true.  Time would cure him of his curious notions and he felt no need to quash his son’s rising spirits when he had been lying as one dead for most of the day.
The boy leapt from his bed, eager to be about his duties but his father chided, “had you best not rest a bit lad?”
The boy grinned widely, “I feel fine, sir!  But come, the day wastes.”
The man could not help but smile slightly in amusement, “and what urgent business are you at this very moment neglecting?”
Brin laughed ruefully, “excellent point, sir, but I will not linger longer abed than I must when there is absolutely no need for it.”
“No need!” exclaimed the man, “Are you not deathly ill or grievously injured?”  The boy only smiled.  The man sighed, “very well, have it your way, you rascal, but you cannot say I did not warn you!”
The boy engulfed his father in a great hug, “you are the best of fathers sir, regardless of the behavior of your ungrateful offspring.”
“Very well,” laughed the man, “off with you, you conniver!”

However, Brin’s schemes were not to be accomplished entirely against his father’s better judgment, no matter how little needed.  He was no further than two paces from the house, en route to the stables, when he turned sharply on his heel to face the person he heard hastily pursuing.  The boy drew himself up short and panted in embarrassment, “forgive me sir, but your father...”
Brin smiled and motioned for the servant to join him, “I understand and appreciate your devotion to us both.”  He arched an eyebrow, “I assume my father has ordered you to accomplish any and every task that I think to set my hand to lest I wear myself out and suffer a relapse?”  The boy’s sheepish grin was answer enough.  “Very well,” nodded Brin, frowning thoughtfully as an idea suddenly occurred to him, “we shall see what is to be done with you.”
The boy gaped, “with me?”
Brin’s smile became dangerous, “or to you, if you prefer?”
Catching the challenge in his young master’s words, the boy replied in kind, “what is it you are implying, milord?”
“Nothing,” said Brin quietly, “or everything, depending on your preference.”
“Show me,” said the boy breathlessly, as a sudden feeling of ominous expectation settled upon him, as if the choices he made in the next few minutes would completely change or destroy the course of his life.
“Come,” said Brin, that single word brimming with endless possibilities.  They vanished into the ambient gloom of the stables, abandoned at that hour save for a single groom mucking a far stall, who was promptly sent on an errand elsewhere.  
The most unexceptional horse ever foaled glanced curiously into the vacant stall wherein the pair secreted themselves.  When the creature spoke, Kyan was somehow not surprised, feeling that anything and everything might be possible at that moment.  Said the disguised unicorn in vast amusement, “this then is the foundation of your army; the cornerstone of your brilliant plan?”
Brin barked a laugh, “I haven’t a clue what I am about, this certainly is not of my doing.  Was I any less a helpless waif when first we met?”
“True,” agreed the unicorn thoughtfully, adding ruefully, as he glanced at his own inglorious visage, “what then are appearances in this business?”
Kyan glanced from one to the other uneasily, at last asking, “what is this all about?”
Brin raised a glowing hand and said gravely, “everything or nothing, as I promised.  You don’t have to go through with it.”
Kyan eyed the young lord’s radiant hand with wonder and a little trepidation, knowing it must be all his future else his life would be one of vain and impotent ambitions, dissatisfaction, and bitterness, yet still uneasy at the thought of sacrificing everything for something about which he knew nothing.  He studied the talking horse and the uncanny boy and knew that if they could agree to this, whatever it was, so could he.  He took a step towards Brin’s outstretched hand, a grim determination and rising panic in his eyes, but he did not flinch as his former master touched that radiant hand to his chest.  There came a great flash of light, which consumed the boy utterly, leaving the pair alone.  
Brin gasped, “what did I just do?”
The unicorn could not help but chuckle, “you?  You did nothing, but our Master’s power working through you has unmade our companion.”  Brin mouthed the word ‘unmade,’ and the unicorn laughed the harder, “why is it you mortals are so attached to your mortality when you were meant for much greater things?”
Brin said quietly, “it is all we’ve ever known and we fear change and the unknown above all things.”  He smiled wryly at his own hand, still radiant in the deepening gloom, “even if better things await.”
“A strange concept indeed,” said the unicorn with a thoughtful swish of his tail, “I had never considered it from your perspective.  Until the blinders of mortality are stripped away, you have no idea of the wonders that truly wait beyond this fickle sphere of sorrow and death.”  He shuddered, “nor are you fools to fear it, at least for those who forsake our Master.”
After a thoughtful silence, something the unicorn had said prompted Brin to ask, “what did you mean by ‘my army?’”
The unicorn tossed his head and swished his tail in vast amusement, “you did not think we could save the world all by ourselves now did you?”
Brin smiled sheepishly, “well, you, me, and our Master.”
“True,” said the unicorn, “but He hardly needs our help, except He has decreed that if this menace is to be routed, it will be through His servants rather than Him stepping in directly and stopping this nonsense with a mere word or thought or significant look.”
“It seems so strange,” said Brin, “that He would pick me for such a quest!”
“Why?” asked the unicorn, “It is your world, you have had your share in messing it up, and now you have the very great pleasure of helping set it aright.”
“It is truly an honor,” said the boy in wonder.
“Had we not best be about it then?” asked the unicorn impatiently.
Brin smiled at the creature, “and what do you propose to do in the middle of the night, my dear horse?”
Said ‘horse’ glanced out the stable door into the twilit gloom and murmured, “I forget your folk don’t go abroad after dark.  You mortals are certainly limited in so many ways and now I must pretend to be likewise hindered just to keep up appearances.”
Brin grinned impishly, “you forget my friend, that I am in similar straits as yourself.”
“Yes,” said the unicorn, “but you are used to this sort of thing, if only out of habit.”
Brin laughed heartily, “will you then go back across the mountains?”
Erian laughed with equal mirth at his own seeming discomfort, “for such a minor thing as a curfew?  I think not, there must be at least one sensible creature leading this venture.  Captain.”  Brin blinked and the unicorn laughed the more, “it seems I am not the only one discomfited by happenings of late.  You truly did not know?”
“No,” said the boy in astonishment, leaning against the stall partition as if such a burden was suddenly too much to bear, “I suppose I should have anticipated it, but it seemed such a grand adventure: just you and I.  How can I bear such responsibility?”  He smiled ruefully, “our Master’s strength will suffice for He does not choose in vain.”
“That is better,” said Erian approvingly, “the Captain of the Master’s Messengers can’t be caught sulking.”
Brin grinned, “that he cannot.”  He frowned at the unicorn, “and how is this army of mine to be horsed?  I do not suppose a whole herd of your kinsfolk will soon be descending upon the mortal world?”
“Do not be ridiculous,” said Erian at such a preposterous vision, “if you can unmake a man, certainly your minions can make a horse.”  Brin smiled eagerly as he began to contemplate this strange and wonderful idea and just what it might mean for the adventure ahead.

Bayard glanced about hastily and ducked into the shadows of the night dark stableyard, as his master’s son emerged from the stables and returned to the house.  Since the boy’s uncanny return that morning, he had been uneasy at the very mention of the boy, and he had no desire to encounter the young lord directly.  After the boy had vacated the stable and was safely in the house, the young servant went to investigate, but there was no one within.  He frowned, for he had seen another of the servants follow their young master into the gloomy interior as twilight was drawing on and the boy had not been seen since.  Very strange indeed.  But fearing to be recalcitrant in his duties, he hastened off, still puzzled by his feelings towards the master’s son and the fate of the vanished servant.
As the days passed, the feeling of imminent doom only deepened for the boy, as the other servant did not reappear and as both the master and his son seemed to be plotting together and preparing for some terrible calamity of which they would say nothing, save to give orders as to what was to be done.  He avoided the younger lord as much as his duties allowed, but he still felt curious eyes upon himself, as the uncanny boy watched him from a distance.  He felt he must go mad if he continued long in such circumstances, but he absolutely refused to confront the source of his disquiet and stubbornly avoided Brin as best he could, making certain they were never alone when he must interact with his young master.
One day he was out in the fields, helping one of the shepherds search for a wayward sheep, when he encountered someone else entirely.  “Tibbin!?” said the boy in wonder, to discover the fellow skulking around in the underbrush on the very edge of his master’s property, especially as the lad had been dismissed from said master’s service some months prior for some undisclosed villainy.
“What is it?” hissed Tibbin, straightening from his crouch and glaring at the intruder with his golden eyes.
The servant took a nervous step back, what was wrong with the boy?  The servant’s terror elicited a hideous smile from Tibbin, revealing a mouth full of sharp, pointed teeth and a forked tongue.  Bayard turned to flee from the monstrosity, but Tibbin leapt upon him faster than humanly possible and soon stood smiling triumphantly over the slain youth, his mouth stained red and his countenance looking more lizard-like than ever.  His gloating turned to astonishment however when his eyes met those of his first such victim.  “Brin?!” hissed the fiend, “You’re as dead as this pathetic creature!”
Brin drew his sword, his face stony and grim, said he, “have you a wish to recant ere I mete out justice?”
Tibbin recoiled like a frightened snake, hissed in fury, and made to leap upon his insolent foe, ghost or not.  He crumpled to the ground with a whimper, his ghastly features reverting to those of the boy he had been upon death.  Brin shook his head grimly as he put up his sword, disgusted at such a waste of a life, but it was the curse and blessing of men that they might be allowed to choose their own fate.  Only then did his eyes meet those of one of his father’s terrified shepherds.  The boy squeaked in terror, completely forgetting his lost sheep, and hied himself away from that place as quickly as he could lest he be the third to fall to that grim sword.  Brin watched him go with a wry smile, wondering what his father would think when the lad arrived home declaring him a murderer and worse.
He then briefly studied the slain servant and could not help but smile eagerly, for the boy could not escape his destiny.  He would not come willingly, so he had been summoned to the Interview he could in nowise escape, no mortal could.  He could still refuse, but he could no longer avoid giving an answer.  He frowned at Tibbin’s mortal shell and shook his head, the boy had undoubtedly been a scout, which meant the creatures were growing more bold and likely their plans for invasion were moving forward with all speed.  He hoped his so-called army assembled itself before the inevitable attack; he would be hard pressed to defeat so many foes alone, even with a unicorn fighting alongside him.
The sound of galloping hooves drew him away from his introspection and he was not surprised to see his father, and several of his grimmest guards and burliest servants, approaching the distressing scene with both haste and caution.  Disbelief was written across his father’s face while the servants and guards kept exchanging glances, nervous and grim.  Said the old man as he drew rein and studied the macabre scene, “what happened here?  The shepherd is convinced you have gone mad and slew two men unprovoked and that he barely escaped with his life!”
Brin shook his head sadly, “I am no murderer sir, but alas the day you feared quickly draws nigh!”
The man’s eyebrows rose in surprise and then fell into a frown as he studied the slain again, but came no closer to an answer.  Had the boy truly gone mad?  No lizardman was this!  Brin smiled wryly at his father’s incomprehension of his cryptic reply, saying only, “I will come quietly, if that is your wish, sir?”
The man nodded and said gruffly, “that would be best until we can sort this matter out.”
Brin nodded and handed over his weapons to the nearest of his father’s men while allowing another to bind his hands behind his back.  Several others dismounted and began to attend to the dead.  The journey back was uneventfully made and at last the man declared his intent to interview the boy alone, to which his most faithful and longstanding servants protested, but they could not overrule him, their lord and master, and resignedly withdrew, allowing their master his wish, hoping it would not be his last.
Brin stood in the middle of the study, his hands still bound, and his father actually smiled, if grimly, “this is an odd predicament and as awkward a moment as has ever been between us.”  He drew his knife and cut the boy’s bonds, motioning for him to be seated as he took an adjacent chair, wishing to discuss the matter as civilized men rather than as a penitent before a magistrate.  Began he, “are you truly convinced that fellow was one of these so-called lizardmen?”
“Yes,” said Brin grimly, “though he reverted to his natural features upon death.  It was he that killed the servant.” 
The man gaped, “these creatures were once mortal men?”  He frowned, “and he looked familiar,” said he thoughtfully, “a scout?”
Brin nodded, “undoubtedly, and he was once a servant in this very house.  He sold himself into evil to acquire power and immortality.”
“Immortality?” said the ancient lord, “But he is dead.  He will stay that way, won’t he?”
“Yes,” said Brin quietly, “the creatures can still die, just not of old age or illness,” he paused, as if to gather his thoughts, “though no mortal blade can render them harm.”
The old man frowned, “but you managed to kill the thing!  Have you a sword of immortal lineage then?”
Brin could not help but smile wryly at his father’s misguided assumptions and the misleading details contained in old stories.  He glanced uneasily into the fire for a moment and then sadly met his father’s gaze, “my sword is no more grand than any stored or worn about this ancient house of yours; it is the wielder that makes all the difference.”  He dropped his eyes to the carpet, “the servant was not the villain’s first victim.”
The old man was on his feet in a moment, unsure whether to be outraged or grief-stricken or terrified.  Said he in quiet dread, “this is no time for jokes, Brin.”  Brin raised his head and evenly met his father’s desperately questioning eyes, the latter bowed his own head and said sadly, “you are not in jest.”  He slumped into his chair and stared in wonder at his son, who did not seem an apparition from beyond the grave, “how is it you still walk amongst the living?”
Brin said quietly, “I was summoned to an interview within the Shining Vale, beyond the Impossible Mountains.”  He smiled wryly at his father’s astonishment and continued, “there is only one possible way a mortal man can keep such an appointment.  I met my end at the hands of a band of lizardmen at the base of those very mountains.”  A sudden eagerness blazed forth in his voice and eyes as he continued, “but my Master will not stand idly by and allow these unholy creatures to wreak havoc upon all of creation.  I was sent back to stop them.”
“Alone?!” gasped the old man.
“No,” said Brin solemnly, “amidst our other preparations I’ve also been doing a bit of recruiting.”
His lordship’s eyebrows rose, “that vanished servant?”  He smiled grimly, “and the man who met his end this very morning!”
“Yes,” said Brin, “they can yet say no, but I have high hopes that very soon, before those fell lizards invade, that we shall see them again.”  Suddenly a brilliant light filled the little sitting room, forcing the old man to cover his eyes lest he go blind.  When it receded, the two missing servants stood in the room, grinning broadly at one another and exchanging knowing smiles with their new Captain.  As one, they turned to the stupefied lord and bowed deeply, Brin adding as he straightened, “we are at your service sir, as always.”  The man sighed once and then fainted dead away.
The erstwhile servants exchanged a sudden look of alarm and vanished, leaving Brin momentarily alone with his fainted father, but that moment did not last long, for the very next, the door burst open and the irate steward, along with several of the guards, charged into the room.  He took one look at the prone man, nodded severely to his minions, and they bodily dragged Brin from the room, leaving the steward to attend to his poor master, whom he was surprised to discover was still alive.  It did not take long for him to rouse the man from his faint, asking anxiously, “what should be done with the fiend, sir?  We feared he might well be the end of you!”
The poor steward nearly fainted himself when, rather than fretting and fuming in rage or calling for his son’s head, the vastly amused man picked himself off the floor and laughed heartily at himself, saying, “what have you done with the lad?  You can’t blame him for my own foibles, come, come, this is no way to go about it!  I was merely overwrought by the circumstances surrounding the happenings of the day,” added he in a tone far more grim, “you’d best gather the entire staff, as I have an announcement to make.  The time has come at last.  But first release the lad.”  With a resigned nod, the steward bowed himself out of the room and hastened off to make his master’s commands a reality.
Brin entered a few moments later, grinning sheepishly but heartened to see his father sitting in his accustomed chair, but the grim look on the man’s face said more than words ever could.  Said the boy quietly, “you are going to tell them?”
Nodded the old man, “the time for secrets is past lad, we’ll face this doom with our eyes wide open, however unpleasant my initial announcement may prove to all and sundry.”
“I believe you have the right of it sir,” said Brin, his hand beginning to glow.  His father averted his eyes as the two fled Messengers returned in a brilliant flash, continued the boy, as if he had done the exact same thing every day of his life, “we’ll prepare the outlying farms and villages, as well as scouting the outlying areas for any sign of an imminent invasion.”
“What if another scout makes an appearance whilst you’re away?” asked his father anxiously.
The boy could not help but grin at his impish best, “we’ll be here when you need us, sir, have no fear of that, but if you’d prefer to take care of such matters yourself, I am sure it could be arranged?”
The old man chuckled, holding up both hands as if to forestall such a fate, “easy lad, I’m not quite tired of mortal life yet, but who knows how long any of us will linger in that state considering the current perilous hour the world finds itself in?  But then I’m not sure such an occupation would suit a crusty old man like me, there are greater things beyond and I yearn above all else to discover them.”
Brin was quite taken aback, having assumed his father would gladly join ranks with the Messengers to help fight off this menace and whatever else they might be called to do in future.  The man laughed heartily at his son’s discomfiture, “come lad, I’ve had a full and long life, I’ve had adventure enough in this mortal sphere, whereas you were struck down in the prime of youth.  Of course you’d thirst for just this sort of thing, whereas I’ve had my fill of this mortal sphere and yearn to see what lies beyond it.  Don’t worry, we’ve all eternity to discuss your adventures, and what is even a million years to that?”
“You’re right, sir,” grinned the boy, only a little wistful, “as usual.”
“And don’t you forget it!” nodded the man happily, “Now off with you, lest those creatures fall upon the outlying villages without warning.”  Brin saluted, flashed his father a bright grin, caught his companions’ eyes, and they vanished as suddenly as they had come, as did a certain rather bored horse who had yet to discover the adventure had begun in earnest.

“I see you have doubled our numbers,” said Erian, with a great horsey yawn, once everyone had materialized in some forgotten glade of the wildwood.
Said Brin with a heavy sigh, “but there was nothing to be done for Tibbin.”
Erian laid his ears back in disgust, “that insolent boy turned lizardman who slaughtered you like a goat?”
Bayard could not help but add, “he made his choice, as we have made ours.  The boy we knew died the moment he chose to swear himself irrevocably to evil.  He had no more qualms about killing me than a cat has for the mouse.  He was a monster through and through and you did what you must, as we must to all these horrid creatures.”
“I know,” said Brin quietly, “it is just hard to see someone you knew end so.”
“This will not be the last of your sorrow lad,” said Erian gently, “are you sure you are up for this?”
Brin looked up in horror from his somber study of the leaf litter, “what is my sorrow to His?  Has He not asked this of me?  Does His heart not break the more for each and every one who chooses darkness over light, evil over good, despair over joy?  Can I abandon the world to the fell mercies of these vile creatures?  Nay, I will bear what I must, for He has borne all for us!”
There were cheers all around, much heartening the little company, some army!, laughed Brin to himself, but perhaps if they were all horsed, they might at least look a little more professional, just in case they happened upon a company of lizardmen or worse, a gossiping village matron.  He said as much to his minions, who exchanged an eager grin, and immediately set to work trying to shape a horse out of thin air.  It took a little work, patience, and practice, not to mention a very great deal of laughter, but eventually the two were horsed on something that actually looked like a real horse with only one head and four legs.  There had been several ridiculous and awkward permutations before success was finally achieved, but they were much delighted therewith and bounced eagerly in their saddles, not upsetting their phantom horses in the least, whereas a real beast might have unseated them in fright at such unseemly antics.
“Well that’s at least a start,” said Brin with a nod, “now who wants to be our recruitment officer?”
Erian snorted a laugh, “I believe that is the Captain’s prerogative.”
“That’s what I thought,” grinned Brin ruefully, “perhaps if I had a mount without a mind of his own?”
“If you’d prefer it, certainly,” said the unicorn, nonchalantly, “but you’d still be in charge of recruitment.”
“Don’t do anything rash, my friend,” laughed Brin, “have no doubt that I’ll do all my duty and I much appreciate your trouble on my behalf.  At least I need not go it alone.”
“While I appreciate your sentiments,” grinned the unicorn, “I do believe it would be quite unkind to leave the world defenseless before your naiveté.”
“As long as it is a purely professional arrangement,” smiled Brin, “we shall get along just fine.”
The unicorn shook his mane in wonder at the lad’s irrepressibility, sighed he, “this then is the very Captain of the Messengers?”
“In all his clueless glory,” laughed Kyan.
Bayard smiled, “we are little better, my friend, perhaps Erian should take over?”
“I think not,” snorted the unicorn in vast amusement, “I may be a mere nag for hire but even I have standards!”
“Thus it falls to me,” grinned Brin, “may He have mercy on each of you!”
“You do know you only got the position because you are the maddest of the lot of us?” queried Bayard.
“If that is the criterion used for such an auspicious selection, then I can live with it,” nodded Brin, as if this statement made any sense whatsoever, adding, “let us just be glad it was not courage, wisdom, or tactical skill that was the deciding factor or who knows who you might have ended up serving under?”
“This is pure madness,” sighed Erian at their continuing banter.
“Did I not just say so?” grinned Bayard.
“Are you vying for second in command?” countered Brin.
“No, sir, I am not,” said the boy as stonily as he could muster while wishing to burst asunder in amusement.
“He’d be the perfect candidate, sir,” said Kyan quite unhelpfully.
Erian countered, “I believe they could split the duty, for madness seems endemic amongst the lot of you!”
But there came no reply, for all suddenly grew silent and somber, sensing that they were no longer alone and others might take their mirth amiss, especially in these uneasy times.  As if in support of this thought, an arrow landed at Erian’s feet and a gruff voice demanded, “who are you?  What do you want?”
Brin glanced about, seeking the source of the voice, which seemed to be coming from a great tree a little further down the path, said he, “we mean no harm to you or yours, sir, indeed we come directly from your Lord with news and aid in these disquiet days.”
“Humph,” came the grim and skeptical reply, but at least there were no more arrows to abet this statement, “we shall soon see, shan’t we.  Ride into the village but get up to no mischief!”
The boys bowed their heads in acknowledgement and thanks and proceeded on their way, feeling those grim and suspicious eyes upon them until the trees hid them from view.  Said Brin aloud, “I wonder what has happened or what they have heard to put them in such a mood?”
Erian whinnied a laugh, “do you think we shall ever invade a place rife with peace and contentment, lad?  If there is no need of your succor, why would we come hither?”
The boy grinned as only a mischievous lad half his age might, “I suppose there is no such thing as a pleasure tour in this business?  Ah well, we can always return to the Vale for that.  Let us see what adventure awaits us here.”
“I almost pity these poor creatures,” sighed Erian, ill-hiding his amusement, “perhaps the lizardmen would be less vexing?”
“Perhaps less irksome,” agreed Brin jovially, “but certainly more dreadful and that is precisely why we are here.”
“And?” persisted Erian, demanding absolute honesty from his human partner, especially concerning ulterior motives.
“Were we not just discussing that very matter?” queried Brin as solemnly as he could contrive.
“I thought as much,” said Erian, rolling his eyes dramatically for emphasis, “will you not precipitate as much scandal here as you did at home?”
“Probably,” grinned Brin, “but then our Master’s business has always been considered quite scandalous, at least by the world’s standards, indeed, it has quite turned the world on its head!”
“As it was meant to,” agreed Erian, but he said no more, for they were again within earshot of strangers.
Curious and anxious eyes peered at them from around corners, windowsills, and over half open doors, wondering who these strangers might be in these troubled times, especially mounted and armed as they obviously were.  Brin and his companions vacated their saddles to lessen at least that bit of intimidation, and this sudden transformation into three common seeming boys broke the tense spell that held the entire village in its thrall.  For now they saw the person, rather than the terror of armed men ahorseback, now they were just three boys afoot, even if they each wore a sword, and there was such joy, kindness, and courage in each face that the villagers could not help but be intrigued and comforted thereby.  As if of one accord, each and every person hastened to meet these strangers, their former fears forgotten amid a flood of hopeful curiosity.
“What tidings do you bring lads?” asked a man wearing the mayoral chain of office.
“We come directly from his Lordship, sir,” said Brin with a bow, “with news and aid if you wish it.  What news of your own situation?  Why have you posted guards along the main road?  Have you had trouble of one sort or another?”
“Well,” said the mayor, scratching his chin thoughtfully, “we’ve had no trouble ourselves, but there are rumors of such coming from every direction and place conceivable, not to mention a feeling of disquiet and imminent danger humming in the air.  Do you not feel it?”
“Indeed,” said Brin, at last putting a name to the feeling that had been haunting him since his advent in this far corner of the Province.  This was no mortal paranoia or fear, he could no longer be troubled by such, rather it was as if a disquiet fog of despair had settled over the vale, refusing to disperse until the sun of hope rose anew to drive away its anxious shadows.  Said he quietly, “I do not promise this deepening gloom will pass without sorrow or loss on your parts, but I am come to assure you that joy does indeed come with the morning, but first we must pass this looming night.”
“Fair enough,” sighed the mayor, though he had secretly been hoping these uncanny youths might somehow spare the village any discomfort or inconvenience altogether, “what would you have of us?”
Said Brin, “we shall gladly help you put defenses into place, train your folk in what to do in case of emergency, and the like, but more importantly, we ask that you listen to what we shall say, for it shall utterly spare your souls from eternal night, even should your lives become forfeit in whatever lies ahead, you need not fear what comes after.”
“That wasn’t quite the help we were expecting,” said the mayor, “but I suppose you are giving us what we need, rather than what we want.  We can’t fault you for our misplaced desires.  The least we can do is hear you out.”  And so they did, that night the common room of the inn was filled to overflowing as every person within half a day’s walk or ride swiftly gathered to hear what these eldritch messengers, come from his Lordship himself, had to say.  At first they were spellbound, held in thrall by the stories told by these least of all men, but then the time came for each and every person to decide what he or she would do with those stories.  At this, the crowd became rather disgruntled, a well told tale was one thing, to demand that one apply its truths to one’s own life was quite another!
Said Brin in parting, “I am sure what I have said has unsettled or perplexed many of you, but take the night and consider what you have heard, for its ramifications extend well beyond these few meager years we call mortal life.  We shall gladly answer any questions you might have, and on the morrow, we’ll address the concerns you have for the physical safety and wellbeing of your village in these disquiet times.”  He bowed deeply and vanished from the room with all the ease of a lazy summer breeze, his words momentarily stunning the audience into silence and inaction before, as one, they erupted into a verbal cascade whose din echoed like storm-wrought surf crashing on a stony shore.
“You certainly stirred up this bucolic hill of ants,” chuckled Bayard, as they secreted themselves in the inn’s stable that Erian might have his part in the conversation.
“Such is often the reaction to our Master’s words,” said the unicorn, “it will be interesting to see what their reaction will be, whether they choose to ignore you, turn wholeheartedly to our Master, to drive you from the village, or kill you for your temerity.”
“Kill us?” said Kyan in wonder, “Are they truly capable of such an act?”
Erian shook his head and laughed in his horsey way, “it seems you have much to learn of life beyond death, lad.  You cannot truly die, but sometimes the appearance thereof is necessary to accomplish your mission.”
“And they will feel they are doing the world a favor thereby,” sighed Bayard sadly.
“But what of my recruiting efforts?” queried the neophyte captain, “I can’t very well enlarge our army of four if they think me dead,” said Brin in consternation.
“If not here, then somewhere else,” said Erian practically, “for our Master’s plans will not be so easily thwarted.  No one will force them to participate if they don’t want to, but so too do they miss the blessings that come alongside your ridiculous assertions.”
“Ridiculous?!” said Kyan in wonder, “How can you say that about His precepts?”
Erian laughed, “I am merely quoting His own statement of just that: it is ridiculous, at least to the sensibilities of this current reality, but it is that very ridiculousness that is the key to their salvation.  Yet another of the great paradoxes of the faith, my lads.”
Brin grinned, “like losing your life to save it?”
“Precisely,” nodded Erian proudly, “perhaps there is hope for you yet.”
“As long as I cling to the Source of all hope, there is indeed,” smiled Brin for all he was worth.
They all grew suddenly silent and grave, their hands clutching their sword hilts and their eyes seeking the source of the noise that had put them on the alert to some stranger in the immediate vicinity.  They relaxed their grip on their weapons and exchanged a sheepish grin upon discovering the villain in their midst was nothing more than a pale, cringing stable lad, staring at them with wide, terrified eyes.  Quavered he, “I’m sorry to disturb you, but there’s just something irresistible about you; I couldn’t help myself, I didn’t mean to listen, but...”  He trailed off as four sets of eyes, one belonging to a horse, studied him with eager curiosity.
Brin held a glowing hand towards the anxious boy, saying quietly, “if you want answers, lad, you know what you must do.”  The boy swallowed hard, but the eager joy burning in each set of eyes decided him, he wanted that too.  He stood and took a step towards that radiant palm, disappearing in a brilliant flash.
Bayard shook his head in rueful wonder, “had I but listened to sense, my own recruitment might have been so much easier.”
“And you would not have embroiled your future captain in scandal unequalled in the history of all his forebears,” grinned Brin.
“Live and learn,” laughed Bayard, “speaking of which, what are your orders for the morrow, oh great and mighty leader?”
Brin said pensively, “I believe we’ll be moving on sometime after midday, for there are undoubtedly many other settlements and outposts of civilization that will likewise require our services, though you shall remain behind to help here as you can.”
“Me?!” said Bayard in surprise.
Brin could not help but smile, “as I must recruit more into this service, that means I must travel extensively to find initiates and a native son will have little respect, power, or influence in such a circumstance, therefore it must be one of my minions, hitherto unknown to the locals.  Don’t worry, I’ll be leaving Kyan in like circumstances before very long, the same with each new recruit in his turn.”
“And I suppose I shall know what I must, when I must?” mused Bayard, “Very well, things shall be as they must.”  He grinned like an imp and saluted very properly, “at least I can volunteer and save you the trouble of ordering me to do it.”
“Which is also as it should be,” smiled Brin.
“Just as long as it is not recompense for my treatment of you ere my recruitment,” grinned Bayard all the more.
“I’d like to say it was,” mused the captain, “but we are incapable of any sort of revenge or pursuing any personal ambition outside our Master’s will.”
“It is amusing all the same, sir,” grinned Kyan brightly, “though I suppose I’ll be the next to suffer his fate?”
“And most deservedly so,” agreed the Captain.
Erian could only blow out his nostrils in feigned exasperation, “humans!”  Eliciting a merry laugh from everyone, even their most esteemed and solemn captain, or so latter generations would assume him to be, it would be scandalous to imagine him as a mere giddy youth!

So it was that each village and cluster of distant farms in the Province soon found itself with a temporarily resident Messenger to answer questions pertaining to that which was most important, to prepare the people for what might be a harrowing chapter in the history of the world, and to defend them against things for which there was no mortal defense.  This also assured that when the lizardmen finally decided to strike, Brin and his father would know exactly when and where the onslaught was to begin.
The lizardmen did not like it, not in the least.  They grew impatient to have their final triumph over the mere mortals that would gasp and gawk at their hideous features, and who were the only impediment standing in the way of world conquest.  They had sent out scouts by the dozen but none of these had yet returned, this made them even more uneasy, wondering if the wretched mortals had discovered some means of thwarting them or if there was worse than mortal men lurking somewhere in this forsaken land.  When, they demanded of their dreadful captain, would they be unleashed upon the unsuspecting fools?
“How much longer can we wait?” demanded one reptilian soldier of another, as they tramped a patrol around their current bivouac, “I did not join up merely to camp in the wilderness and let these pathetic wretches dwell in ignorant peace!”
“It will come soon enough,” hissed the other, “though I do wonder what has come of our scouts?”
“Perhaps they are amusing themselves and leaving us to rot here in the wilderness?” spat the first.
“I do not like it,” said the second, “either way: if some enemy has vanquished them or they have gone rogue and forgotten the rest of us.”
“How could it be the former?” snarled the first, “No mortal creature can harm us and no immortal creature would come to the rescue of these pathetic humans!”
“Perhaps not,” mused the second.
“Then what are we waiting for?” demanded the first, “The scouts should not be the only ones allowed to have all the fun!”
“The captain will not like it,” warned the second.
“He need not know,” threatened the first, “are you with me or shall we finish it now?”
“Mortal injury or betrayal?” sniffed the second, “Of course I will join you, but we, like the scouts, cannot then return to the host!”
“Who needs them?” laughed the first derisively, “A little fresh meat and the thrill of the hunt is far more to my liking than their continued company.”
“Who would it hurt?” agreed the second, “We’ve done nothing but slave our lives away for the captain and what thanks have we got for our pains on his behalf?  Unless he moves soon, he won’t have an army left to lead!”
The first was sniffing the air, hoping for some sign of potential prey.  His eyes gleamed in pleasure as he trotted off into the brush, having scented a cook fire somewhere to the south.  The second took a moment to smell the air and followed after his companion with an excited hiss, intent on their prey.  They found them in a secluded dell, a wandering merchant and his family, busy about the necessary chores of evening.  They had parked their wagon and tethered the horses to graze nearby, the beasts abruptly raised their heads and snorted, their ears pricked and eyes scanning the area for the source of the strange scent, but before they could whinny a nervous warning or scream in terror, the monsters silenced them, licking the hot blood from their lips.  They exchanged a triumphant glance and moved in to capture the unwitting family, which to them, was easier than catching a barnyard fowl for the stewpot.
They trussed their terrified captives securely and then returned to the slain beasts, eager to gorge themselves on fresh meat, and while they contentedly digested, they could muse upon the fate to which they would put the prisoners.  While the monsters were busy with their meal, something strange was afoot amongst the merchant’s folk.  Thinking himself delirious with terror, the man blinked repeatedly and stared in wonder at the vision that would not vanish from his eyes; this was madness!  But there they stood, five common seeming lads, each with an eager light in his eyes and mischief on his face.
“Mind if we interrupt?” asked Brin of the merchant.  The man was speechless, but nodded eagerly.  The boy nodded and set to work loosing the man from his bonds, as each of others were doing for the rest of the little clan.  Once they were free and shaking life back into their sore arms and legs, Brin asked, “are there any here fool enough to join us?”
The merchant’s second eldest son exchanged a curious glance with his father, smiled impishly, and said, “I am!”
“Excellent,” said Brin, eyeing the rest of the family, but no one else seemed mad enough for such a venture, continued he, “then the rest of you had best be on your way before the villains return.  Would you mind if I helped you on your way?”  The family exchanged a curious look, the merchant shrugged, and Brin approached, saying to the prospective Messenger, “you’d best say your farewells lad.”  He sighed heavily, but quickly made the round of all his folk, bidding a teary eyed farewell to each of them, but such an eagerness burned in his eyes that not even his father dared protest.  After the lad had finished, Brin and each of the Messengers placed a glowing hand upon each shoulder, the family vanished in a flash, leaving only the boy.
Said Brin, his glowing hand poised, “are you sure?”
“Yes,” said the boy, even as he vanished likewise, but in a far different fashion, for he found himself unmade, whilst all his kin merely found themselves in some different place.
“What of us?” queried Kyan.
“We’re going to join up,” grinned Brin, nearly glowing with eager mischief.
“I hate it when he smiles like that,” commented Bayard, “it never bodes well for us.”
“No,” laughed Kyan, “but it is an even worse sign for our enemies.”
“Will they even let women join their ranks?” queried Kyan.
“Why not?” asked Brin, “I doubt a female of their persuasion would be any less fierce than her male counterparts, the dearth of females is probably the result of an inability to find many women silly enough to join their vile cause.  Many men will do anything for power but few women are that rash.”
“At least there’s only the peddler’s wife to consider,” said Bayard, “the rest of the family was all male.”
Kyan chuckled, “I don’t know which will be worse: pretending to be a woman or a woman pretending to be a lizardman?”
“At least they’ll have no more comprehension of what the latter would be like than we do,” smiled Bayard.
“We’d best get into position,” cautioned Brin, “those fiends might return at any moment.”  Without a sound, the five donned the visage of one of the former captives, ropes and all, and assumed a terrified air, equally feigned.  Brin took the role of the merchant’s wife, leaving his underlings the easier task of impersonating the men of the family; sometimes being captain was awkward indeed, but the others at least had tact enough not to laugh outwardly at his predicament, or perhaps it was because the reptiles returned from their feast at that exact moment, banishing all mirth and humor therewith.
“Now,” hissed the first, “we have an offer to make you wretched mortals.  You can either join us or suffer the consequences, and I warn you, now that our hunger is sated, we have no reason to make your end easy or quick.  Keep that in mind as you consider your future, or lack thereof.”  He bared his bloody fangs in a hideous smile, prompting a groan of utter misery from his audience.
“You don’t give us much of a choice,” said the little banty of a wife.
“Then it should be a rather easy decision, wench,” spat the monster.
“How exactly is it accomplished?” queried the pseudo-husband.
Said the second reptile with a frown, “that could be a problem.”
“What do you mean?” hissed the first.
“If they all decide to join us, who do we use for the victim?” replied the second.
“You do have a point,” nodded the first, “but we’ll find someone or we could just sacrifice one of them.”
“We’d best find an unwilling victim,” added the second, “as new recruits are far harder to come by.”
“Very well,” hissed the first, “we found these wretches, I’m sure we can find others.”
Perhaps just a little too providentially, into the middle of this very discussion, wandered a hapless young man in pursuit of a wayward sheep.  He took one look at the scene and made to dash for it, but was easily overcome by the inhuman strength and speed of the lizardmen and soon found himself tied like a parcel, ready for shipment.
“I don’t like it,” cautioned the second, “not in the least!”
“Don’t ruin my moment of triumph with your superstitious nonsense, especially when you just got what we asked for!” snarled the first in warning, “Now let’s get on with it.”  The second hissed in irritation but began loosing their initiates.  “Excellent,” said the first, when all was ready, “let’s get on with this.”
The junior Messengers exchanged nervous glances with one another, but their captain did not seem anxious in the least, indeed, he seemed to be hiding an eager smile.  Even the trussed sheepherder seemed inexplicably indifferent to the whole thing, as if he was trying very hard to conceal his own excitement for what was to come, as if he wasn’t about to be set upon by bloodthirsty monsters, which must mean he too was no unwitting victim but rather in on the plot.  But the rites needed blood and Messengers, in general, did not bleed, unless perhaps they needed to for such a situation as this.  The little band exchanged a round of conspiratorial smiles and looks before setting about the messy business that would convince their reptilian companions that they were indeed joining their vile host.
“The Captain may even spare our lives,” hissed the second, once all was accomplished.
“He’d better promote us,” snarled the first, “this is more recruits than he’s scrounged in the last six months with the entire company!”
“But we disobeyed orders to accomplish it,” cautioned the second.
“Why are you such a wet blanket?” hissed the first in agitation, “We did no such thing, the silly creatures were sitting right in the path of our patrol.  What else could we have done?”
The other grinned, a hideous gesture with that face, but said happily, “true, he need not know of our thoughts previous to the incident.  We’ll be promoted indeed!”  The company grew silent as they finally returned to the camp they thought never to see again.
“What have we here?” hissed a junior officer curiously, “You are late and who are these others?”
“New recruits, sir,” said the second, “we happened upon a family of humans camping right in the middle of our assigned circuit and had no choice but to act in such a circumstance.”
“The Captain will be much pleased,” agreed the officer, “come!”
They were in desperate need of something to boost morale, what with the scouts not returning and no invasion imminent, and this might be just the thing.  New recruits always excited interest and speculation about the future.
But the Captain was not so easily impressed, like the second lizardman, he was skeptical of something that seemed a little too propitious.  Said he to the female, obviously the head of the little clan, “what have you to say for yourself?”  She gave him such a look of consternation that for a moment he wondered if she didn’t speak the common tongue, but amended his vague question with, “how is it all of you have made a choice that less than one in twenty usually does?”
She shrugged, “we are a tight knit clan and you are surprised at all of us being of one accord?  Besides, what choice had we?”  She glared significantly at their captors, prompting a laugh from the captain; this chit had spunk!
“Very well,” said he, “you are hereby promoted to Lieutenant and I am placing you in command of a very special mission.”
“Yes?” hissed she, her eyes gleaming in excitement.
“Take your little band and strike at the very heart of this forsaken province,” hissed he, “attack their leader’s home and leave none alive.  After, there can be no resistance and we’ll conquer this benighted region, opening the way for greater victories thereafter.”
“With pleasure!” hissed she, offering a very proper bow, before gathering up her little family and trotting off into the gathering shades of evening.
“What have you done?” snarled the disappointed first to his captain, but at the glare of reprimand, he amended grudgingly, “What have you done, sir?  I had hoped such an assignment would fall to me for our triumph.”
The Captain laughed horridly, “either I’ve just begun our campaign in earnest, if they are merely what they appear, or I have rid the camp of a very real threat, if they are what I suspect.”
The second nodded in understanding but the first was still befuddled by disappoint and the anticlimax of it all.  The Captain shook his head in exasperation at the slow-witted fool but took note of his companion’s seemingly quicker wit, before dismissing them and the whole business that he might focus on other, more pressing needs.

The five faux lizards ran off as fast as a horse could trot into the gathering dusk, but once well beyond the area patrolled and currently claimed by the reptilian host, Brin brought his company to a halt.  Said he, “well that was a dismal failure.”
Kyan eyed him curiously, “a promotion and a plum assignment?”
Bayard shook his head, “that lizard captain was suspicious and did the one thing he could do to get us out of the camp without likewise plunging moral into a bottomless pit.”
Brin nodded, “and we can’t exactly go home and destroy the place.
“We’re out of a job before we even have our first assignment?” groaned Kyan, “And just when things were getting interesting!”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” said Brin, grinning eagerly and glancing about hopefully, even as the others felt the same rising sense of anticipation.
As he finished speaking, a brilliant light invaded the otherwise dark clearing as a shining man aback a fabulous horse thundered into their midst.  “That’s very impressive,” said Kyan conversationally to Bayard, much flummoxing the man on the horse, who expected the monsters to fight and snarl and roar, not to stand about in idle commentary as if they were mere spectators and not involved in the looming melee.
“What is this?” gasped the stymied lad aback the indifferent horse, “Is this some sort of a joke or feint?”
“Is that how you speak to your Captain?” queried Bayard of the newcomer.
“Truly?!” grinned the boy in astonishment and pleasure, “But a lizardman...er...woman?”
“At least you can’t mistake me for the Captain of the Lizard Host,” chuckled Brin, “what news?”
“Every village, town, and outlying farm stands ready for the invasion, sir,” said he with a very proper salute.
“Good,” said Brin, “for I doubt those lizards will wait much longer, unease and disquiet are brewing in their ranks and already some are thinking about deserting and going rogue.”
“Can we handle a mass attack?” asked Kyan with a pensive frown, “Picking off their scouts and patrols has been easy.”
“Since we failed to infiltrate the host,” sighed Brin, “we might have to, the only question is: when and where?”
“Questions that should not overly flummox a Messenger, me thinks,” snorted Erian, ambling out of the bushes.  He looked at Brin and whinnied in amusement, “and just what have you been up to?  For once I am glad to have missed the adventure!”
“Physical appearance should not disconcert you, my friend, no more than time and space should thwart us,” laughed that lizard of a captain, but with a thought, he was himself once more.  Erian nodded happily as the lad swung himself into the saddle, his minions doing likewise, though first they had to produce a horse so that that might do just that, but quick as thought, the entire party was mounted and ready, but instead of dashing off, adventure bent, Brin sat his saddle and queried of the air, “why must we wait for them to make the first move?”
Erian snorted eagerly, “now there’s a thought!  If they were mere men intent on warring with their neighbors, we’d have no say in the matter, but these creatures are evil through and through and fair game to us, why wait upon their convenience?”
Brin smiled, a dangerous and eager gleam in his eyes, “very well, we’d best assemble our own host.”  The five other Messengers erupted in an eager cheer even as the full complement of their number appeared in the night dark clearing.
“You’ve done well, Captain,” said Erian in approval, as he looked over the little band, “and now let’s see how well they can do their part.”  With a scream of triumph, the stallion reared and loosed his deadly light, eliciting an equal glare from the entire assemblage, as each raised his own voice in eager defiance and as one, they galloped off into the night, blinding the dispirited lizards even as they fell upon the disorganized and somnolent camp.
But even in their surprise, the monsters were bitter foes, able to fight with teeth and claws to the utter end of their strength, their terror and frustration intensifying their ferocity.  Glad was Brin not to have met the whole host when it was arrayed and ready for battle upon ground and at a time of their own choosing.  Erian reared, plunged, and screamed as they fought, his own sword flashing with its own light, busy as if he were scything wheat in his former life.  One of the monsters shredded the Messenger beside him, the boy vanished with a scream and a brilliant flash even as Brin killed the lizard that had dispatched him.  He suddenly felt a searing pain in his own abdomen as horrid claws tore him open, but he vanished rather than falling from his saddle.
He reappeared in the Vale, with the River murmuring sleepily in its bed and the wind sighing gently in the leaves above: a far different scene than the one he had just vacated.  He glanced longingly across the River, to the Peace he felt beyond it, but not yet, not yet, for he could not leave the world vulnerable to the predations of such monsters, and somehow, he knew there was worse to come, that the lizardmen were just the beginning.  With a wistful sigh, he vanished, leaving the trees to their indifferent and eternal vigil.
He reappeared behind the main body of the embattled lizards, his Messengers fighting valiantly among a hissing, snarling horde of the dreadful things.  It did not seem the sort of honorable thing one warrior might do to another, stabbing him in the back as his attention was drawn to the fray before him, but these creatures had abandoned all honor, virtue, and chivalry with their humanity, now it was merely the slaughter of dangerous beasts, intent on ravaging the world, the sooner destroyed the better.
The Messengers had the distinct advantage of being able to return almost immediately, no matter how badly defeated or wounded, but the lizards, once fatally struck, sank to the ground, never to rise more.  Even though they were far outnumbered, this advantage soon outweighed all strategy and overwhelming force that might have been employed against them.  So it was twenty men and one unicorn slaughtered ten times their number of adversaries, and at last there was peace in the vale, though it was a macabre scene, replete as it was with dead men.
“What have you done?!” hissed a raven darker than utter night, swooping out of the trees and glaring at the triumphant Brin, who shrank in terror before what might be fear or death itself.  Even Erian whinnied in terror and dashed off like a spooked horse.
But this was no foe the boy could fight, nor before whom even the staunchest unicorn could stand, but they were not alone nor forgotten.  Said a pestiferous magpie, hopping out of the bushes to perch upon the cowering captain’s shoulder, “I should be the one asking that question, Fiend.  You made a mess and I was left to clean it up.  No more will your lizardmen haunt the mortal world or the dreams of mortal men.”
“You have not seen the last of me!” scorned the darkling fowl, “Do not think your little pets can protect this world which you have so foolishly left open to my predations.  Those lizards were but the prototype, an experiment, there is worse to come!  Fly away little ghosts, ere it goes badly for you.”  He winged off with a triumphant caw, leaving the Magpie to sort out the mess.
“Come children,” said He, “this is no place to linger, nor to celebrate your first victory.”  Light filled the dell and when it receded, there was no trace that anything untoward had ever happened there in all the long history of the world.

“Are you happy here?” whispered a sinister voice out of the shadows of the stable.
Finnig put down his bucket and squinted into the darkness, trying to discover whoever it was that had spoken, said he, curiosity and unease strong in his voice, “what kind of question is that?  And what business is it of yours?”
“If you are content with your lot,” said the voice indifferently, “then I shall leave you to it...”
“Wait!” wailed the boy, “What do you want?”
“I don’t like to see people unhappy,” confided the voice, “pining away in ignominy and futility all their days, never getting what they deserve, never having a chance to truly live.  But if you are truly happy here...”
“It’s not that I’m ungrateful,” began the boy.
“But things aren’t what you imagined they’d be?” continued the voice, “No one appreciates you?”
“Exactly,” said the boy, “I could do so much more, be so much more, but only an accident of birth prevents me from reaching all my aspirations, if only...”
“Yes,” condoled the voice, “your master’s son is certainly no better than you yet he will not toil away in the shadows his whole life, rather he’ll reap all the glory and benefit of your labors while you molder forgotten like a pile of rotting straw.”
“But what can be done?” whispered the boy, his heart eager yet uneasy within him.
“What right has he to be happy when you’ve worked far harder and have not that chance?” insinuated the voice, “Why should he have something you never will, and through no virtue or work of his own?”
“Yes,” agreed Fennig, “yes, yes, yes!  What must I do?”
“Come with me,” said the voice, “and I will show you how to get whatever you want.  None shall be able to stand against you.  You can do whatever you want and will no longer be a slave to others’ whims.”
“It sounds too good to be true,” hesitated the boy, “what’s the catch?”
“Well,” sneered the voice in contempt, “you would have to leave behind this inglorious life of yours.  There’d be no more hauling buckets of water from place to place at odd hours of the night.”
“I could live with that!” grinned the boy eagerly.
“You’ll do more than live, boy,” triumphed the voice, “I’ll make you immortal, a veritable god!”
“And my master’s son?” queried the boy.
“You can crush him like the gnat he is,” laughed the voice darkly.  The boy nodded, smiled cruelly, and joined in the malicious laughter of the mysterious voice.

“We’re home,” said Kyan in surprise.
“Yes,” said Brin slowly, “I wonder why?”  At Kyan’s perplexed look, Brin added with a wistful smile, “we aren’t often abroad on pleasure tours, my friend.  If we are home again, there must be a reason for it.”
Erian blew air out of his nostrils in disgust, “well, the Fiend did promise to make life interesting.”
“As if lizardmen weren’t bad enough,” said Brin with a shudder, “I have no wish to see what next he comes up with, but I fear that is exactly what we are about.”
“Brin!” came the excited cry of what could only be the boy’s ecstatic father, “Here you are again; I hope all is well?”
Brin slid from his saddle and ran to his father, embracing the beloved man as Kyan took charge of the horses, leaving his Captain to his rather mushy interlude.  Said Brin, all smile, both at seeing his father again and at the news he had to tell, “far better than well, sir, at least in regards to lizardmen.  The vile creatures shall trouble neither you nor the world again.”  His features fell with his unspoken but and the man laughed heartily at the boy’s hesitancy.
“Come lad,” said he in pure delight, “what can spoil this grand occasion?  My son is returned to me and our foes are no more!”
“I fear there is worse to come, sir,” said the boy grimly, “worse than lizardmen, in its own way, whatever it shall be.”
“We’ll shear that sheep when we catch it lad,” chuckled the man, “for now let us rejoice for the blessings of the moment.”
Brin smiled ruefully, “am I not supposed to be the one teaching you piety, sir?”
“Who cares who teaches whom,” smiled the old man, putting an arm around the boy’s shoulders and leading him into the house, “as long as we practice what we preach?”
“Perhaps it is not so much piety as wisdom,” grinned the boy impishly.
“Only age and experience can teach you that lad,” agreed the man, catching his son’s contagious smile, “or listening to those of us in possession of such.  Now let’s find somewhere quiet and you can tell me all your adventures.”
They spent an enjoyable evening together, discussing whatever topic caught their fancy, while Kyan made the rounds of his former master’s grounds and servants, keeping careful watch for anything odd that might give them a clue as to why they were here.  His circuit finally brought him again to the stables, where he had begun.  He slipped into Erian’s stall and said quietly to the unicorn, “nothing seems strange or out of the ordinary, at least as far as my scouting could discover.”
The unicorn yawn expansively before saying, “it seems your adventure was as exciting as my time in this stall awaiting your return.”
The boy grinned, “too bad the other horses cannot gossip, imagine what you might learn!”
“Now there’s a thought indeed,” grinned the seeming horse, “a pity it can never be, however.”
“I don’t know,” mused the boy, “at one time I thought the same of unicorns.”
“That is a ridiculous comparison,” said Erian primly, “as if I could have anything in common with these pathetic nags!”
“All I meant,” grinned the boy, “was that I once thought both equally impossible, but then again, you appear to be a talking horse, so perhaps I was correct in my assumptions: both are equally impossible, or plausible?”  They continued their chat for some minutes in this vein, little noticing the sudden movement in the darkest corner of the stable.
He shook his head, dazed and wondering where he was and who.  The smell seemed familiar, horses and hay and straw, yes, that was it.  He opened his eyes and after a few moments, remembered that there was such a thing as light, for all had been darkness for so long it seemed the memory of the phenomenon was merely a fever dream.  Then he heard something he began to recognize first as sound and then as language.  A grim smile crept across his face and he knew suddenly that soon, he would be learning something very important regarding who and what he was, and he wouldn’t be the only one.  He slowly stood and ghosted towards the sound of voices further down the aisle of stalls.
Kyan’s only clue that something was amiss was Erian’s widening eyes and stifled scream, even as everything went black.  The dazed Messenger awoke feeling like he had not since that wild horse had crushed him up against the stall partition and he had been abed for days with a concussion and several cracked ribs.  The sensation of pain was completely foreign to his new life, save in those rare moments like the melee with the lizardmen, when he was mortally struck by some immortal foe, but even then it was quickly over, this was persistent and he wasn’t quite sure of the source, neither could he see anything in the pitch dark stable, another peculiarity to a Messenger’s sensibilities.
He heard a horse shake its mane and snort in disgust, remembering he had been in Erian’s stall when the world went dark.  Groaned he, “is that you, Erian?”
“I think so,” came the strained voice, “though I am not feeling quite myself at the moment.”
“Neither do I,” said the boy, “I feel,” paused he pensively, “well, mortal again.”
“That would be an utterly foreign sensation to me,” said the voice, now wan with fear, “and that is exactly what I am currently experiencing.  Is it possible?”
“What did you see,” asked Kyan, “before the world went dark?”
“A boy,” said the horse, “a ghastly boy, his face as pale as the moon and his eyes as black as the void between the stars, with such a look of hatred on his face that it might well stop a beating heart in terror.”
“It seems the Fiend’s promise has been kept,” sighed the boy, unsteadily gaining his feet, “I’d best find the Captain before it gets up to worse mischief.”
“What about me?” queried the anxious equid.
Kyan could not help but smile, though none could see it in the dark it bled into his voice, “and just what do you think a talking horse rampaging through the night would do, my dear friend?”
Erian shook his head, saying ruefully, “it seems this mortality thing is muddling my thoughts.  How is it you can speak sense and think clearly under its influence?”
The boy grinned the more, “long practice I suppose.”
“Let us just hope I do not get such a chance myself!” said the horse in dismay.
“Easy my friend,” comforted Kyan, “whatever has happened we are not outside our Master’s keeping.”
“There I go being as ridiculous as these unthinking nags about me,” sighed the horse, “perhaps you can teach me a thing or two about sense in this state as I have tried to impart to you and your companions about your new occupation?”
“I would be delighted,” laughed Kyan, “but perhaps I will not have the pleasure, for I believe once the initial shock wears off, you will be your sensible and practical self again.”
“I believe you are quite right,” agreed the erstwhile unicorn, “in that case, I shall sensibly stay here while you warn our fearless leader.”
But he was too late, by the time Kyan found the room wherein the Captain had secluded himself, he found Brin unconscious on the floor and his father missing.  He shook his friend’s shoulder, and the boy awakened with a groan.  He shook his head and blinked his eyes, trying to see in the darkness and clear his head, but only aggravating his headache.  Said Kyan quietly, “some new fiend of our Enemy’s creation.  It seems to have the ability to render a creature beyond time mortal.”
Brin sat up suddenly and wished he hadn’t as the world spun about him, he groaned again, fighting the dizziness and nausea, croaked he, “and what can it do to a mortal man?”
“Your father?” said Kyan in dismay, his heart sinking at the thought.
Said Brin grimly, “if it can draw us back within time’s grasp, do you think it can push a mortal out of its flow?”
“Sudden banishment into eternity,” breathed Kyan in a barely audible whisper.
“Better that than having taken him prisoner with hopes of using him to influence and manipulate me,” said Brin grimly.
“He’s in our Master’s keeping,” said his friend, “what reason have we to fret over his fate?”
“It’s not him I’m worried about,” smiled Brin ruefully, “it seems I’m feeling sorry for myself rather than pitying him.”
“Not a mood befitting the very Captain of the Messengers,” laughed Kyan in spite of himself, “especially when you predeceased him!”
“There is that too,” grinned Brin at the irony, but sobering, he added, “but come, we cannot leave that thing loose and the whole world vulnerable and helpless before it.”
“But we’re mortal men!” protested Kyan.
Brin raised one quizzical brow, but the gesture was lost in the darkness, “and what is the worst it can now do to us?”
“Oh!” said Kyan in wonder, “Now I am the one being ridiculous.  Our duty remains no matter the danger or peculiarity of the situation.  Lead on sir!”
They stood, Brin rather surprised he could stay on his feet, but the initial shock and dizziness seemed to be over, so they dashed off with all the speed in their possession in the direction they felt certain the fiend must be lurking, for the detestable feeling squelching their spirits could be nothing else.  But how many would meet such an end before they dealt with the thing?  Brin schooled his thoughts to calmness, knowing all such matters were in his Master’s keeping and no business of his, save to do the duty immediately set before him.
They found the gruesome thing in the servants’ wing of the kitchens, accosting the gathered household staff as they sat leisurely over their evening meal.  They were clumped against the far wall like terrified sheep in the back of a pen, the thing pacing and snarling like a wolf ready to spring.  “Wait!” commanded Brin.
The thing turned in surprise and grinned in such a hideous fashion it could hardly be classified as such.  Said the abomination in malicious pleasure, “and what do you think you can do to stop me, little sheep?  Do you wish to die?”
“What is that to us?” said Brin in surprise, wondering at the monster’s emphasis on its last question.
Its smile became even more dreadful, if that was possible, as it said, “come now, have you not, like I, sold your very soul to escape just that?  To gain power and immortality, have you not given up your pathetic mortal soul?”  His smile deepened into maliciousness itself, “though I have stripped you of both just now.  How does it feel to be a mere mortal again?  You who were born into privilege and power and yearned above all else for more?”
Brin’s face was a study in perplexity and consternation, unable to fathom what the creature was talking about, but happy to see the servants at its back quietly and quickly sneaking out the backdoor and scattering into the relative safety of the night.  He would keep it talking nonsense if it would buy its victims a little time.  “I do not understand,” said he.
“I feared as much,” laughed the fiend in scorn, “you who were born to so much have little enough understanding or sense and are quite undeserving thereof, but I have found the true source of power and immortality and gained it of my own accord, not by accident of birth!  How does it feel to be a mere man, one bereft of everything you once valued?  I took your father and your power and soon I shall destroy every material possession you thought to enjoy before I destroy you utterly, but first despair!”
“The thing is mad,” grinned Kyan in wonder.
“Am I?” hissed the thing, reaching out a hand and touching the mortal Messenger’s shoulder.  The boy vanished in a dark flash accompanied by the fiend’s grim laughter, “what think you now?  But your end will be neither quick nor painless!”
“Why do you think so ill of me?” queried Brin, showing little concern for his vanished friend or own prophesied doom.
“You have been blessed with everything,” spat the monster, “while others toiled thanklessly in ignominy for your sake with no thanks or future but an unmourned death while you had the temerity to reach for unending life as well!”
Brin frowned at this portrayal of himself, feeling the taint and twisting of the Enemy’s influence heavy upon the former boy, perhaps there was a grain of truth but most of it was grim fancy.  The last of the servants had vanished, eliciting a sigh of relief from the confounded boy, but he set himself, sword in hand, ready to finish the argument however he must, said he, quietly, “whatever you have against me, let us settle this once and for all!”
“At least I see you are no coward,” said the creature, drawing its own blade, seemingly wrought of night itself, “but know you that no mortal can harm me!”
“We’ll see,” said Brin, leaping into the fray, but the creature was right, though he was a fair hand with a blade, it little mattered when you could make no more impact upon your foe than a child can cut down a tree with a blade of grass.  True to its promise, he ran the pathetic wretch through the abdomen, preventing a quick and painless end.  Brin collapsed in agony, the evil taint upon that blade far more painful than the actual wound.
“There,” said the abomination in satisfaction, “at last you can taste the agony and bitterness of ignominy and death!”
Panted Brin through the pain, “what is death to me?”
The creature frowned, “it will be the end of you!”
“No,” groaned the moribund boy, “it is but the beginning of greater things, I have seen them!”
“How is this possible?” snarled the creature, “No mortal creature can glimpse beyond the confines of time, even I, with all my power have not had that privilege.”
Brin felt himself fading and clutched the hilt of his sword, sighed he with his last strength, “I have already once tasted of death, butchered by lizardmen upon the frontier, this is merely an inconvenience, and no true end, your masters have lied to you...”  The moment his mortal shell slumped in death, his hand tightened around the hilt of his sword and he sprang to his feet, a terrible light suffusing his person and filling his eyes.
“No!” hissed the fiend, “This cannot be!”
Said Brin sadly, raising his sword, “because my Master lives, so do I!”  He vanquished the creature with a single stroke and sheathed his sword, before veiling his light and going in search of the scattered servants, that he might restore peace and order to his former home.

“How did you survive that madman, sir?” queried the flummoxed steward, still awkward calling his late master’s son by his father’s title, for it was quite a shock to his already battered sensibilities to learn that his master was truly dead.
“Only by a miracle,” said the boy sadly, obviously grieved and unsettled himself, “but things cannot be as they were.”
“Obviously some things must change, what with the master gone, but I’m sure you won’t change all that much, at least anything that matters,” began the steward in gentle protest, a luxury allowed due to his years of faithful service.
Brin shook his head, “everything must change!  I cannot take my father’s place, therefore you must fill that role.”
“What?!” gasped the steward, nearly having a fit of apoplexy then and there, as any great lord might, now if only he could acquire a fine case of the gout!
Brin smiled at him as he had not done since he was a lad of six, who thought he did not have to obey his father’s most esteemed servant, a lesson which was very soon taught him in such a way that he could be left in no doubt of the matter nor would he soon be forgetting it.  Suddenly Bayard was at his side, grinning just as recklessly, saying brightly to the astonished steward, “might I be of service, sir?”
“You’re dead!” said the steward in horror.
“Yes and no,” said Bayard, all smile, “but then so is his lordship here, so perhaps you can understand why he can’t be of assistance to you in this rather regrettable affair?”
“What could be so important that he must give up such an estimable position?”
“He’s the Captain of the Master’s Messengers,” said Bayard quite respectfully, though his impish grin ruined the attempt, “perhaps not as enviable a post but at least he is gainfully employed.”
“I don’t think I want to know,” sighed the overwhelmed steward, who had seen enough oddities in the last twelve hours to last several lifetimes with a few to spare.
“Then you are a wiser man than many,” grinned Brin, bowing most admirably to the new lord, “and I have no qualms leaving you as heir to my father, fare thee well, my friend.”  They both vanished in a flash of brilliant light, leaving the steward to wonder if it had all been a dream.
They reappeared in the stable, in Erian’s stall, who was ill-at-ease in having been left out of the adventure yet again, said he, “perhaps I should just go back to the Vale, as you’ve absolutely no use for me at all!”
“Come, my friend,” smiled Brin, “do not be hasty or ridiculous, we just had a little housekeeping to finish here and now we’ll have no more adventures indoors for a very long time to come, at least if I have any say in the matter, which I don’t, and besides, I thought mortals were not allowed in the Vale?”
“So what would you have done in the matter?” asked the stallion, laying his ears back in frustration, having momentarily forgotten his other predicament.
Brin raised a glowing hand, “I believe we can rectify that as well.”
Erian’s ears pricked in alarm, “I’ve never been unmade before nor even thought it a possibility!”
“It must be better than a violent death,” said Brin, with a shiver of remembrance.
“Very well,” sighed Erian, “I suppose I’ve survived worse.”
“But that’s the whole point,” laughed Bayard at the peculiarity of the conversation, “if you survive this as well, you’ll be a mortal still!”
“Just get on with it,” sighed the once and future unicorn, “I’m not sure which is more tiresome: mortality or his attempt at wit!”  Brin loosed that wonderful, awful light, obliterating them all.

“Where are we?” groaned the voice, shaking its head in hopes of clearing it, but to no avail.  It was utterly dark and the strange sensations it could take in, were completely foreign to anything the creature had ever experienced before.  It shifted, and the result was akin to a hill rolling over, perhaps in an earthquake.  “What was that?!” hissed the creature in alarm, at last gaining its feet, such as they were.  It more slithered than crawled out of the expansive cave and stood blinking in the sun, completely befuddled.  “This is just peachy!” said the creature in exasperation, finally beginning to understand.  But before he could unleash further commentary on his predicament, a sudden movement caught his eye: a mounted knight with his lance at the ready was charging him that very moment.
He could not help but smile, a ghastly expression on a draconian face, as he unleashed a dragon’s most dreaded weapon.  The fire came, or so it appeared, but it might have been a bank of fog for all the harm it did to the charging menace with his nasty bit of stick ready to deal out death or worse.  As he pondered these peculiarities, another movement caught his eye, and this time, as he smiled there was real eagerness in it, as if he had found the source of all his perplexities and could at that moment be revenged forthwith.
While the other knight reined in his horse sharply in hopes of avoiding the futile blaze, another of the pestiferous creatures thought to take his chance, this one afoot!  “None of that!” commanded the miniscule beasty as he approached the dreadful monster, sword in hand.
Erian blinked in surprise but otherwise showed no signs that the creature’s temerity had unnerved him in the least.  Who did this daring pest think he was?  Said the dragon with a contemptuous snort, “what do you want me to do, roll over and die because you ask nicely?”
“That would be just the thing,” grinned Brin, raising the faceplate of his helmet that his friend might see who this bold warrior was.
“Ah!” snorted the dragon in understanding, “And I suppose I shouldn’t speak either, as mortal dragons are merely beasts?”  The boy nodded, the dragon sighed, and before the other knight had mastered his panicking horse, the deed was done.
The astonished individual rode over in wonder, his weapons still at the ready, for who knew whether this dread knight was friend or foe?  Said he cautiously, “it seems you have accomplished my errand for me, sir knight!”
“Yes,” said Brin, again raising his faceplate, smiling incorrigibly, and sheathing his blade, “I hope there are no hard feeling?”
“Indeed!” laughed Kipril in obvious relief, “I rode hither thinking I rode to my death, and a futile one at that.  You have spared me much my friend!”  Said he in a more solemn voice, after a moment’s reflection, “would you do another great deed today?”
“What would you have of me?” queried Brin, idly beginning to drift away from the dead dragon, the knight following, leading his horse.
“I must return home, a beleaguered land whose Prince is now under the sway of a sorcerer most dread,” sighed the knight, “and I cannot vanquish the necromancer of my own power, but perhaps you, who can conquer a dragon afoot, might have a means of doing so?”
Brin frowned, “why are you out here slaying dragons with such a fiend stalking your realm?”
Kipril gazed sadly at his feet for a moment, but then boldly met Brin’s perplexed gaze, “it was the Prince himself that set me this task.  The wizard knew me to be set against himself and his influence over my sovereign and did what he could to have me disposed of.  I have been the Prince’s friend and companion since we were but children together, and even the fiend’s influence could not drive him to murder, but he could order me to a noble death and still the mage’s ends would be fulfilled.”
“And yet you would go back?” came Brin’s surprised reply, “There are few hearts so noble found in any age of the world!  I shall certainly accompany you, my friend, and we shall see what comes of this fell wizard.  Ah!” said he, as Erian ambled out of the scrubby wood that began some distance from the stony waste that surrounded the dragon’s lair, “And now we can reach your homeland with relative haste as well!”
Kipril shook his head in wonder, but dared not ask this enigmatic boy any further questions, but rather flung himself into his saddle as Brin did likewise.  Erian snorted his amusement and wheeled after the fleeing knight, eager to get home before that vile sorcery could get up to more mischief in his absence.

The Prince of Ulmaria sat slumped in his chair, staring vacantly at the far wall, while his most trusted advisor sat beside him, smiling like a cat that’s snuck into the creamery, at least he smiled so until the servant announced the triumphant return of a certain knight he had assumed he was well rid of on a hopeless quest to the far end of forever.  The Prince, however, perked up immediately at the news, though his joy was sorely muted by the fiend’s dark influence over him, he actually managed a weak grin in spite of the mage’s best efforts to the contrary.
Said the mage darkly, “I am sure he has not accomplished the task you set him sire, I am sure he has returned a coward, in disgrace.”
The Prince’s countenance darkened at this, whether at the mage’s deprecatory words of his friend’s honor or because he feared them true, none knew, but the knight approached boldly, or rather a pair of knights, neither acting as a man might who has returned in shame or cowardice.  Said Kipril, after the necessary courtesies, “the dragon is dead, Highness and I am returned in the company of a most bold knight indeed.”
“How very nice,” said the Mage contemptuously, forgetting his place and speaking directly to the Prince’s supplicants, whether it was this grievous breach of protocol or some weakening of the Mage’s influence over the Prince, or perhaps both, the boy flinched, as if he had been unexpectedly smacked in the face.
Said the Prince stonily, more words than he had employed at one time since the Mage first offered his services to the Kingdom, “what is the meaning of this, sir?  I rule this land, not you!  This is the first bright spot in an ever darkening reality and you can only sneer?”
“Who knows who this fellow is?” spat the Mage, instinctively disliking Brin, who only grinned impishly at his darkening countenance and rising ire.
“I am more concerned about you and your influence!” said the Prince suddenly, “Did you not arise from nowhere and immediately wheedle your way into a place of influence?  Have my days not been filled with dread and despair ever since and my nights with uneasy horrors?  No, Mage,” said the Prince angrily, “it is you that have overstayed your welcome.  I do not know what miracle spared my friend, but I doubt you shall find such easy rescue!”
The Mage did not look the least inclined to take a fright at the Prince’s words, indeed, he wore rather a contemptuously amused expression, as if the mice had declared that every cat in the palace would hereafter prove harmless to themselves simply because they had proclaimed it thus.  Said he at last, once he was certain his mirth would not shine through in his voice, “no Highness, rather I think it is you that will soon rue this minor show of temper and will.  I have tried ruling through you to no avail, so I see no reason to continue the charade, indeed...”  He trailed off in mid-diatribe, as Brin neatly ran him through the breast with his sword, toppling in an ungainly heap before he finished scolding the Prince of the Realm.
It was the Prince’s turn to grin in amusement, and seeing a true smile upon that beloved countenance once more, Kipril’s joyous smile nearly rivaled the sun in brilliance.  “Thank you,” said the Prince at last, “though I wonder that you are so bold as to strike down a very Advisor to the crown before he’s done anything deserving of death?”
Brin shrugged, “is not ensorcelling the Prince just such a crime?”
The Prince could not help but grin the more, “you are a bold one, stranger, come what is your name and tale?”
Brin bowed deeply and said, “I am but the son of a minor lord of a far flung province so remote there is no country or kingdom that will bother to claim it as its own.”
“And yet you slay dragons and sorcerers with impunity?” gasped Kipril in awe, “You must be a warrior unrivalled in the history of the world!”
“You forget Lizardmen and Ghouls, milord,” smiled Brin in impish delight, “but I am no warrior, not in the least, merely the least servant of my Master, and it is He that has bade me stand between the mortal world and things too dread to name.”
“Well,” said the Prince in wonder, “whatever your tale, it seems you are arrived just in time to spare us all a grim fate, indeed, you have verily spared my realm from utter night!”
“That is yet to be seen, Highness,” said Brin gravely, “that magician was but the first of perhaps many such creatures sent by the Enemy to undermine the stability and peace of your kingdom.”
“You truly believe those old myths?!” said the Prince in wonder, “About an all-powerful Master who dwells beyond the Impossible Mountains and his unending war against the Evil One?”  He laughed merrily at this, continuing, “and what of unicorns and the Shining Vale?  Are they not as mythical as happily ever after?”
Brin could not hide his own amusement, saying brightly, “as you are still living in ‘once upon a time,’ I can understand how blind mortal life can make you, but those tales are not myths at all, rather mortal life takes on some semblance of a story by comparison, for the things beyond time are more real than the things within it.  And it is no unending war, Sire, for verily, there will come a Day when all evil and death and strife and chaos are forever cast into the Abyss and the Abyss itself will be cast out of thought and memory of all that is to come.  I do not just believe those ‘old myths,’ Highness, rather I have lived them!”
“At least you are sincere, whatever your preferred form of madness,” smiled the Prince dismissively, “and as you have rescued my imperiled friend and kingdom, I owe you at least that much consideration.”
“Please Sire,” said Brin plaintively, “it is none of my own doing, rather it is His.  Whatever of thanks or gratitude you would bestow, it belongs solely to Him.”
The Prince shook his head in wonder, but said, “as you wish it then, we shall say no more upon the subject, now what of this dragon?”  Kipril quickly recounted the tale, the Prince listening raptly, and smiling the more, “well, sir knight, I hope at least so valiant a man will be staying with us for the foreseeable future, especially if it is as dark and dreadful as you prognosticate?”
“Indeed, Highness,” bowed Brin, “it shall be my duty and my honor.”
“But perhaps you are mistaken and we shall have naught but happy days and idle?” said the Prince hopefully.
“I fear there is no such thing this side of the Impossible Mountains, Sire,” said Brin quietly, “for man is born to strife and his life as easily quenched as an errant spark.”
The Prince could not help but laugh at Brin’s sobriety, said he merrily, “come sir, you have just triumphed over two dire foes and rescued my kingdom and dearest friend, that calls for joy and celebration if anything does, no matter what evils lurk on the morrow, let us be merry whilst we may!”  Brin could not help but smile when the Prince actually talked sense!
So it was there was a great feast and a ball and all the requisite aspects of merriment as practiced in those days.  Brin found himself constantly in Kipril’s company, being now a trusted companion and advisor to the Crown as he now was, though the Prince was often called away upon some politically necessitous business or errand or visit or other, often leaving the two alone to keep one another company.  Said Kipril gaily, “it is quite agreeable to have a companion during these often tedious and lonely vigils I’m wont to keep.”
“I am glad to be of service,” said Brin, as the court danced and gossiped all about them, in the thrall of the impromptu ball demanded by the situation, “though I must say the Prince’s skepticism of that which is most important in the world and beyond is quite distressing.”
“He has always been so,” said Kipril, as if it was an argument he had lost long ago but could never quite put behind him, “as was his father and grandfather before him.”
“And you?” queried Brin.
“As mad as you,” grinned Kipril wholeheartedly, “it is likewise pleasant to have such a companion when the rest of the court thinks me foolish or batty!”
“It is the foolish things of the world that are meant to overcome it,” grinned Brin, “if our Master was thought scandalous in His day, what will after generations think of His servants?”
“Not unexpected, certainly,” sighed Kipril, “but it is pleasant to have a momentary relief from it nonetheless.”  They stood some moments in quiet thought, before Kipril began in a far more eager mien, “what of you and all your strange adventures?  Can you tell me of these Lizardmen?”
Brin shivered, “I hope they bypass legend and history both and are nevermore remembered by anyone, save those of us unfortunate enough to have fallen afoul of them.  But this is how I first came upon them...”
When he had finished what he could of the tale, Kipril whistled in appreciation, “such adventures!”  He glanced about ruefully, “but this is my own current service, what think you by comparison?”
Brin chuckled heartily, “but the day before my adventures began in earnest, I was still herding sheep and weeding the cabbage bed.”
“Ah, hero’s work indeed!” laughed Kipril, “I can see how you came by your marvelous martial skills.”
“What is so funny?” groused the returning Prince, a lady on his arm, “What have I missed whilst attending assiduously to my royal duty?”
The lady took his banter amiss and scolded, “a duty am I?”
“No milady,” said he contritely, “I did not mean you personally, rather I was scolding these reprobates for not attending as solemnly to their appointed duties as you and I.”
“Ah,” said she, only slightly mollified, “I see, but if you will excuse me sire, I believe I have more duties to attend to.”  She flounced off after the requisite courtesies, both the Prince’s companions doing a heroic job of hiding their vast amusement.  The Prince glared in feigned sternness at their mock sobriety until all three fell to laughing at the sheer ridiculousness of it all.
“What is the point of it all, gentlemen?” sighed the Prince wistfully at he knew not what, but remembering his duty, he smiled grimly and set himself for another endless round of dancing and unintelligible prattle.  His companions smiled sadly at his doom, and he returned to the milling throng in search of his next politically convenient tryst.
“I’ve always wanted to be a hero,” sighed Kipril, nearly as wistful as the departed Prince, “and perhaps my dubious flirtation with a dragon was as close as I shall ever come?”
Brin shook his head, “is not a hero simply a man who does what he must, when he must, even if none ever knows of it?”
Kipril smiled ruefully, “I suppose he is at that, but the stories only count slaying dragons and vanquishing evil mages,” he paused here for effect, his grin becoming quite impish, as he finished, “and lizardmen and such monstrosities.”
Brin shrugged indifferently, “that is like saying a glass is heroic for holding a beverage!  I have merely done my duty and nothing more.”
“And I suppose you shall say, so have I?” said Kipril with a sad shake of his head, “The stories are ever so much more interesting.”
“But how much of tedium and fear and waiting have they left out of those old tales?” retorted Brin, “We get to appreciate the highlights in after years, but the folks in the middle of those tales were probably just as impatient as we are to see what happens at the end of the tale.”
“I suppose human nature never changes,” grinned Kipril wryly, “though the stories gloss over most of the interminable details, focusing solely on the hero and his heroics, not his boredom or impatience or frustration in the interim.”
“Precisely,” said Brin, “so it is we must stand and wait upon his Highness’ pleasure at this dance and be no less heroic in such a dull duty than a man off to slay a dragon.”
“I will try not to be envious then of all your adventures,” nodded Kipril, as if he was suddenly sensible, “especially weeding the cabbage bed.”
“Some of those weeds are quite fierce,” agreed Brin.
“No worse than a dragon however,” smiled Kipril.
“Apparently you’ve had little experience with weeds,” laughed Brin, “some can be quite stubborn indeed, if not impossible!”
“Perhaps I have looked at quests and adventures wrong my whole life,” said Kipril in feigned concern, “who needs dragons when one can fight pestiferous plants?”
“Quite,” said Brin in an astonishingly solemn manner, considering the topic.
“I am quite glad you’ve come,” said Kipril, all sincerity, even as his eyes widened in pain and surprise, and with a groan, he slumped to the floor, settling in an ever growing pool of his own blood.
Brin shook his head in wonder, glanced about for some sign of the assassin, but seeing nothing, he knelt beside the stricken boy, picking up the discarded dagger, hoping for some clue as what, who, or why, but finding only a common knife, bloody but otherwise unremarkable.  Finally a woman screamed and a man shouted in surprise as people at last noticed the debacle, so preoccupied with their own activities and thoughts, none could be bothered to immediately see the tragedy acted out before their very eyes.  The din attracted first the Prince and then the royal guard, the latter doing their very best to fend off the former, but seeing who the victim was, the Prince dashed past them, careless of his own safety in his concern over his friend.
The Prince frowned slightly at Brin, bloody knife in hand, as he knelt beside his moribund friend, saying quietly, hoping Kipril could still answer, “what happened?”
Kipril coughed weakly, blood spattering the side of his mouth, said he, “someone stabbed me in the back...”  He trailed off as he slumped in death.
The Prince’s cold eyes were again upon Brin, said he grimly, “what happened?”
Brin shook his head, “we were talking, someone struck him from behind, and things are as you see.”
“And you are holding the knife?” said the Prince suspiciously.
“The assassin must have dropped it and fled into the crowd,” replied Brin, “I retrieved it in hopes of some sign or clue.”  He dropped his eyes sadly, “but there is nothing to see.”
“And I suppose you will be taking his place as my dearest friend and companion, ever at my side and whispering in my ear?” scorned the grief-stricken Prince.
Brin was quite thoroughly shocked at the Prince’s summation of his perceived character, “why would you ever think that Highness?  No one can replace your friend, most especially a man who has spent less than a day in your company.”
“Forgive me,” sighed the Prince pathetically, “the shock, the grief, and the anger make it very hard for me to think clearly or speak politely, but it is what many others would do in such a circumstance.”
“I understand Highness,” said Brin quietly, “do with me as you will: accuse me of the crime, banish me from the realm, or set me to work finding the killer.  I am at your service.”
The Prince frowned, “do you know what the penalty is for murder in this realm?  How can you be so indifferent to your fate should I choose the former?”
Brin shrugged, “it would certainly be politically expedient, though of little actual help in assuaging your grief or solving this mystery.  I know you little Sire, but I do not believe you to be either unjust or careless.  Whoever struck at your friend did so to weaken you or your reign and calling for my head will not help you in either case, whereas I might be able to track down whoever is behind this and put an end to this plot once and for all.”
“You speak sense,” sighed the Prince, “in an hour when everything within me cries for vengeance and swift action, you counsel patience and thought before striking decisively at the root rather than lopping off a few convenient branches.  Very well, we shall proceed as you advise, but first we must attend to poor Kipril.”
“As to that,” said Brin, doing his best to hide an eager grin lest it annoy the Prince into an irrevocable decision, “I believe you might be mistaken as to the severity of the wound.”  The Prince frowned in incomprehension, for his friend was very obviously dead, but he said nothing as the peculiar boy placed a hand upon the unmoving chest.  With a sudden gasp, Kipril was blinking in astonishment and glancing about as if he had no idea where he was.  Brin smiled slightly and winked, Kipril nodded his understanding, and sat up of his own accord.
The Prince shook his head in wonder, “I was quite sure we’d never see you more, my friend?!”
Kipril snorted wryly, “nothing so very interesting as murder can happen at so tedious a function as a royal ball, Sire.  I am astonished that you might think it could!”
“Fie on me,” grinned the Prince, heartily glad to have been so thoroughly mistaken as to his friend’s condition, “but you had best go get cleaned up, sir, your attire is scandalous!”
“Forgive me Highness,” grinned Kipril, “it was quite unintentionally done.”
“But you are quite well?” asked the Prince, all mirth forgotten.
Kipril glanced wonderingly at the puddle of blood in which they all sat, saying quietly, “nothing a little rest won’t soon put aright.”
“I suppose you just fainted?” frowned the Prince, “And here I thought you dead!”
“It has been quite an evening, Sire,” said Kipril with a shake of his head, “I’ll go get cleaned up and return as soon as may be.”
“You might as well retire,” said the Prince, “the ball is nearly over and you’ve had a trying night; your companion can certainly monitor the situation and keep me from imperiling the Kingdom by any means.”
“As you wish, Highness,” said Kipril with a bow, “I leave you in good hands.”  The Prince smiled exuberantly and returned to the normal activities required of him upon such an occasion, forcing all and sundry to do likewise, and as it seemed the actual crisis was over or wasn’t actually a crisis at all, they did so with only a little muttering of their disappointment at such an un-tragic ending.
Said Kipril to Brin, as he turned to go, “I begin to understand how one might survive a dragon or an onslaught of lizardmen,” he smiled knowingly, “or not.”  Brin shook his head in amusement and shooed his newest minion to be off and about his duties, wondering if he had ever been that incorrigible.  He was sure Erian would tell him he still was.  With a longsuffering sigh, he contented himself with his introspection and kept a careful eye on the Prince for the remainder of the uneventful evening.

“You never said you were dead,” said Kipril to Brin as they at last closeted themselves alone in the former’s chambers.
“Are we?” countered the Captain of the Messengers, his grin very unlike the expression that should be borne by so august a personage.
“I suppose you would chasten me for such thinking and say we are beyond such paltry concerns,” grinned the minion just as scandalously as said Captain.
“See!” laughed Brin, “You don’t even need me, for you already know that which you must.”
“You aren’t leaving!?” said Kipril anxiously.
Brin shook his head, “certainly not, I can’t leave this kingdom in the hands of a neophyte during these perilous times.”
“You mean you can’t leave until you’ve accomplished your duty here, whatever it is,” said Kipril with a knowing smile.
“You really take all the fun out of being Captain,” sighed Brin, “what’s the use of a fancy title if you can’t intimidate or mystify people with it?”
“Perhaps that works with the peasants and sheepherders of your usual acquaintance, sir,” said Kipril, “but you forget I’ve spent my whole life amongst the social elite and am little impressed by a vacuous title.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t call it vacuous,” smiled Brin in such a way that it made the newest Messenger rather nervous, as if he had pushed the man too far and his sanity had finally snapped, but that wasn’t possible in this occupation, was it?  Brin broke the spell by laughing quite sanely, if a little too amusedly, at Kipril’s concerned expression, said he, “perhaps you’d prefer a different adjective?  I am your Captain after all and can think of all sorts of tedious adventures to set you if I must to prove that I bear not this title in vain.”
“I meant no disrespect sir,” said Kipril ruefully, “only that I’ve met any number of people possessed of a title for no better reason than that they were born to it and with no sense or virtue to go with it.”  He reddened at this further blunder and amended, “not that I am saying you are one of those, sir.”
Brin smiled heartily, “don’t worry, this takes some getting used to for all of us.”
“That’s a relief,” chuckled Kipril, “for I feared I was making quite a hash of it.”
“You fit right in,” said Brin, “but I’m not sure what that says about the rest of us?”
“There are just some things best left alone,” said Kipril, “and I believe this is one of them.”
“Now that is wisdom indeed,” grinned the Captain for all he was worth.

The next day they found themselves accompanying the Prince on a foray into the woods thereabouts, for his Highness had something on his mind and it could not be discussed where prying ears might hear.  Said he at last, once they were miles from anywhere and had neither heard nor seen any sign of another human presence for some time, “what happened last night Kipril?”  At his friend’s impish grin, he added, “I am no fool, you did not lapse into unconsciousness as I was at first willing to be convinced might be the case.  And your mysterious friend there just happened to defeat a dragon and an evil mage without the least bit of difficulty or personal danger?  What is going on?”
The Messengers exchanged an uneasy look, what were they allowed to tell and what could they not?  Too little information and it might breed doubt and resentment, too much and they would not be believed.  Said Brin quietly, glancing about uneasily before beginning, “you saw truly, Sire, for such is the price of our service.  Your kingdom is in grave danger, from whom or what is yet to be seen, else we would not be here.  Your friend was murdered last night but that is not the end of his service to you, indeed, now he can protect you from things against which no mortal man can stand.”  At this, he drew his sword and would have cloven the Prince in two, had he been one of those aforementioned things, but the blade passed harmlessly through the Prince, like a hand through mist.  Brin grinned at his companions’ astonishment, saying, “but as you can see, we are quite harmless to mortal men.”
The Prince smiled wryly at his first thought that this uncanny boy had murdered his friend, seemingly that was quite impossible, but what of his other feats?  His eyes narrowed as he asked, “and what of the dragon and the vile mage?”
Erian pranced and tossed his head, for a moment revealing his true nature but veiling it before the horses took a fright, said he with a pleased snort, “I was the dragon.”
Brin laughed merrily at their consternation and added, “and that mage was one of those undead things I spoke of.”
“And the lizardmen?” queried Kipril, further flummoxing the Prince.
“The same,” said Brin with a shudder.  He looked at the astonished Prince, and said with a condoling smile, “perhaps I should regale you with the tale, from the beginning Sire?  Though you will hear stranger things yet.”
“It’s either that or go mad,” agreed the Prince, but afterward he was not so sure, for either these men were the best of liars or he must confront what he had called myth his entire life and that wasn’t something he wanted to do.  “I am rather uncomfortable with all of this,” confided he to his uncanny companions, “why can’t ‘the powers that be’ just let us alone to live as we wish?”
“Because we are not mere beasts,” said Kipril, “born to breed and die.  We were made for far more!  And what is the point of living in sorrow and misery for a few years and then ceasing to be?  A good father does what is best for his children, rather than what is convenient to himself or momentarily pleasant to them, can we expect any less of our Maker?”
“I suppose not,” sighed the Prince, “I just do not like the idea of thinking myself akin to a pot that must answer to a Potter!”
“You’d rather live a life with no point or purpose, to be the product of happenstance and accident?” countered Brin, “Not a pot with a use, a purpose, and uniquely crafted but rather a shapeless lump of clay?”
“Well, no,” said the Prince uneasily, “I suppose there can’t be some middle ground between the two?”
“You’d like to choose the blessings, joy, and purpose the Creator gives us but also want the complete freedom from any sort of responsibility, duty, or expectation that arises from mere happenstance?” said Brin with a knowing grin, “I suppose that would be the ideal for our perceived ideas of mortal happiness, but we must choose: either or, not both and.  You must choose one shirt of a morning, you can’t have the color of one and the fit of the second, you must choose between them, how much more so the purpose and point of our lives?”
“Such logic could turn the world on its head!” said the Prince in wonder.
“That’s what it has been doing since the foundations of the world were laid,” said Brin, “or rather mankind’s rebellion and evil have overturned how things were originally meant to be and our Master’s interference is merely restoring all things to their intended plan and purpose.”
“So why isn’t the world full of life, light, and joy,” retorted the Prince, “if all His promises are true?”
“That Day is yet to come,” said Kipril, “for now, He allows us to live as we choose in this fallen world of our own making in hopes that some will come to Him ere the final judgment of the world, after which all shall be made anew.”
“I suppose there must be some explanation for the good that is in the world,” sighed the Prince heavily, “the evil and sorrow we take as ‘normal’ but that there is any good, order, joy, and beauty at all must mean it arose from somewhere.”  He glared in feigned severity at his dearly departed friend, “why must you ruin my complaisance with your insane philosophies?”
“Better to ruin your contentment than to eternally doom your soul or cast your kingdom into irredeemable night,” replied Kipril quietly, “if I knew the well was poisoned but refrained from telling the rest of the village for fear of being a nuisance to their daily routine, would it likewise be considered a kindness?”
“You have certainly given me much to think on, my friends,” said the Prince thoughtfully, “let us return to the city that I might mull it over.”  He smiled impishly and added, “after I recover, for your philosophical maunderings have given me quite a headache.”
“You ride back with his Highness,” said Brin to Kipril, “I’ll follow in a little while.”
“You’re taking orders from him now?” said the Prince in surprise, as Kipril saluted and turned his horse.
Brin smiled sheepishly, “with my...reassignment, Sire, he’s now my superior officer, though whilst I am in your service you may certainly order me about as freely as ever you did.”
“Yes,” said the Prince wistfully, “I had momentarily forgotten about that, I suppose things cannot go back to what they once were?”
“No Sire,” said Kipril quietly, “but for now little has changed between us.”
The Prince smiled sadly, “until the day everything will?  We will be parted forever?”
“Only if you fail to make a wise decision,” grinned Kipril, as impishly as he did in the innocent days of his youth, before evil mages and impossible quests had turned his world upside down, had it only been a month or two?
“We shall see,” said the Prince mildly, turning his own horse and vanishing over the hill.
Erian danced nervously, as if he was a high strung horse rather than perhaps the wisest and least flighty of all thinking creatures, said he, “I do not like this!”
“I know,” said Brin, “but it must be so.”
A raven lit on a nearby branch, but it was no common bird, hissed the fiendish fowl to the cowering pair of wretched slaves before it, “you are a nuisance boy and I despise pests above all else!  This is your last chance to quietly slink away into the shadows, never to bother me more else I shall make you such a byword that after generations will be speaking about it in hushed and terrified tones until the world’s ending!  What say you?”
“My Master’s strength and grace are sufficient,” said the boy quietly.
“Wrong answer!” spat the Fiend, then all was utter darkness.

Brin awoke with a shudder, but he seemed to be in one piece at least, which wasn’t always the case after such an interview.  His strange eyes easily pierced the night dark wood as he scanned the vicinity, wondering whence Erian had fled.  He gained his feet, slow and sluggish with the cold evening about him, and he froze, his breath making a sharp hissing noise in his astonishment.  No!  But it was, byword indeed!  So the Fiend had had his revenge, but what was that to his Master’s power?  This was merely an inconvenience and nothing more.  The lizardman smiled grimly, hideous in that countenance, and lumbered off into the night.

“It is about time you got here,” scorned the shadowy thing draped all in black robes, only its flaming red eyes visible within the depths of its hood.
Brin could not help but smile in impish delight, though it looked more like a snake trying to choke down a rodent too large, but he couldn’t help his physiognomy after all, hissed he, “we’d best be about it then.”
“I’m not the one delaying us!” spat the wraith, “We have a Prince to corrupt, and if not, then one to destroy.”
“Business as usual,” yawned the reptile, “we’d best be off.”  The wraith didn’t condescend to answer that obvious statement, but rather did the practical thing and set off into the night.

“You can’t just walk into the castle like a cottager’s wife into her own kitchen!” said the distraught boy to the pair of fiendish creatures he met upon the road in the dim, mist-shrouded twilight before dawn.  Kipril had felt a great urge to venture out at a rather unseemly hour, but as uncanny as the feeling was, he knew it must be done and was the new normal, if there was such a thing, in his current occupation.  He had hoped to find the tardy Captain but instead found a pair of hideous interlopers.
“You have no say in this, boy!” spat the wraith, it raised a hand warningly, it glowed black in the darkness, and its owner laughed hideously.
Unafraid, Kipril let a little light glint through his otherwise mortal visage, saying stonily, “I have much say in this matter, fiend, being the Prince’s confidant and friend.  Among other things.”
“We have our orders,” spat the wraith, “if your fell master is allowed an advisor in such a position, so too shall ours, at least until the befuddled wretch comes to a decision and ousts one or the other from his kingdom.”
“I can’t gainsay that,” sighed Kipril in rising dread, knowing the thing for once spoke truly, he could not thwart the Prince’s wishes, no matter how foolish or deadly, but he had yet to speak upon the matter, perhaps he would remember his dealings with the undead mage and drive the creatures from his realm immediately?  “Remain here,” I will apprise the Prince of the situation and return if he would welcome your presence, else you will depart immediately.”
“Very well,” snarled the wraith, “but be quick about it.”
Kipril could not help but grin, “there is none swifter!”  He vanished in a burst of that dreadful light.
The wraith muttered to his compatriot, “leave that ghost to me, your job is to deal with any mortal that decides to make trouble, most especially that Prince.”
Brin didn’t bother answering, but smiled hideously, which the wraith took for amused acceptance of the assignment rather than the ironic mirth it was, for even with the Fiend’s curse upon him, he could in nowise hurt or thwart the will of a mortal man.  This would be an interesting assignment after all!

Kipril appeared at his usual place at the Prince’s private breakfast table, only eliciting a tired blink and a slightly amused smile from the Prince at his uncanny antics.  Said the neophyte Messenger, “I was abroad early Highness and came upon some unsettling characters en route to the palace, intent on becoming your advisors.”
“Really?!” said the Prince, “What sort of characters?”
“They minded me much of that evil mage that so recently caused havoc in the realm,” said Kipril.
“And you did not drive them off?” said the astonished Prince.
Kipril shook his head, “unless they are threatening someone or up to some nefarious task, I must let them be as you would any peasant about his business in the marketplace.  If you wish them out of your kingdom, I can be about it immediately, but as they come on legitimate business, I cannot thwart them until you wish them gone.  If you choose to allow them to remain, I must abide their presence until they seek to betray you or you choose to exile them.”
“Why would I want such evil creatures advising me?” said the rather scandalized Prince at his friend’s seeming doubt of his character and sense.
Kipril could not help but grin, “nay Sire, it is not that I doubt your judgment, but rather my new occupation prevents me from making assumptions on your behalf, not that I would be so bold to do so even in former days.”
The Prince frowned pensively, “you say they are the antithesis of your Master and His servants?”
“Yes,” said Kipril, “they have fallen irrevocably into evil, rebelling to the utmost as their vile master did ere the stars were lit.”
“So there is an alternative to your Master?” said the Prince, suddenly interested.
“It is all the same in the end,” said Kipril sadly, “whether you are simply indifferent or the most evil man to walk the earth: all rebels will one day find themselves alone in utter darkness for all eternity.”
“I do not like this judgmental attitude of your Master, Kipril,” said the Prince stonily, “what hubris to say that I must decide for him or be eternally punished!  Perhaps these fiends of yours have some wisdom unlooked for, an alternative that is more palatable to the philosophically indifferent?”
“They are evil through and through Sire,” began Kipril, “remember what the last such did to you and the Kingdom?”
He did not mean to remind the Prince of his previous moral failures and elicit feelings of guilt and shame, especially over ordering his most loyal adviser and friend to a pointless death, but that was what happened, said the Prince coldly in frustration, “let me be the judge of that.  Bring them!”
Kipril bowed low and vanished, reappearing immediately to the perception of those he had just left, said he grimly, “the Prince will give you an audience.”
“Excellent,” sneered the wraith, “and I suppose you will be tagging along just to make sure we get up to no trouble?”
“Precisely,” said Kipril stonily, “come, we had best get indoors before people are abroad and they take a fright at the sight of you.”
“Where are your manners, ghost?” laughed the wraith derisively, “Such comments can hardly be considered polite, if true.”
Kipril did not take the monster’s bait but rather turned and led the way back to the castle; the lizardman, busy with his own thoughts and plotting, was equally silent, but well pleased with the young Messenger’s handling of the situation.  They approached the city, and castle within, in silence, happily there were few mortals about to witness the dreadful procession, and those few drew back in terror at the very feel of the fiends, the guards allowed Kipril through without quibble or question, much to their own relief and the Messenger’s, lest he have to come to their rescue when the wraith took their challenge amiss.  Brin watched in amusement, the varying reactions of those few abroad at that hour, wondering which was the more dreadful: himself or the wraith.
They presented themselves outside the main audience chamber, the servant on duty there waved them in reluctantly for the Prince’s sake but relievedly for his own.  A grim looking Prince sat upon his throne and stared stonily at them all, taking in everything he could about these so-called advisors, though his mortal flesh quaked in the presence of the wraith, he could not help but be interested in this seeming lizardman, a monstrosity he had thought never to see!
“You, wraith,” said the Prince, “be gone, you are too fell a thing to be very long in my presence and can mean my kingdom no good, but your reptilian friend may speak his piece ere I decide upon his fate.”
The wraith did not take this dismissal well, but Kipril immediately banished it with a well placed sword stroke ere it could get up to any regrettable mischief, he was not pleased that the reptilian villain would be allowed an audience, but things were progressing better than he had hoped after his interactions with the Prince at breakfast.
Said the Prince to the reptile, “you are magnificently hideous, though loathsome, I do not fear you as I do that other thing.  Why?”
“Perhaps my form or nature is more comprehensible to your mortal sensibilities?” hissed the creature, not derisively but rather this was its usual tone and method of speaking, “whereas that wraith is far beyond anything but your most dreadful nightmares.  But do not be fooled, we are each still slaves of the same master, evil beyond redemption or care.  And his plan and hope is that all will come to naught, save himself: that darkness, sorrow, shame, chaos, and misery will consume everything!”
“How is that different than this so-called Master who demands every knee and head be bowed in homage to Himself?” queried the Prince.
“The Master gives life and light and purpose to all things,” said the monster, “is the homage He asks any different than the reverence men give parents or their sovereign lord?  The Fiend wishes to be all in all by drawing all into himself, consuming all lesser beings.  The Master is All-in-All in and of Himself, creating all others and distributing joy, glory, and beauty to all who willingly receive it.”
Kipril had resheathed his sword but stood at the ready, hand on the hilt, as the monster spoke, a pensive frown on his face, said he at last, “you do not speak as a minion of evil ought, creature!”
Again that hideous grin appeared, as if the monstrosity knew something no one else did, but it only said, “but is that not what you are looking for in an advisor Highness?  I could speak only evil and lies, but what benefit is that to you or me?  You’d banish me as soon as you did my creepy companion.”
The Prince exchanged a confounded look with Kipril, wondering what was going on, but the Messenger had no more idea than the Prince as to the creature’s motives or intentions, all he could say was, “it speaks truly Sire, if that is of any help in this matter?”
“It’s something at least,” sighed the Prince at the impishly grinning fiend, if such could be said to grin by any stretch of the definition, “very well, monster, you may remain here, at least for the moment, as my advisor for your fell master.  I would know more of him and what he might have to offer a mortal man?”
The thing actually shuddered, “as you wish it Highness, but I can think of no topic less agreeable, but so be it.  What would you know?”
The Prince frowned in further perplexity, “how is it you come to be in the Fiend’s service yet you loathe your master so?”
“He is everything disagreeable and dreadful and horrid, Sire,” said the reptile, “many fall under his sway, eager for power or riches or fame or even through indifference, but they all come to abhor him in the end, for love and joy and peace and everything Good and Right and True have no part in him or his kingdom.  All he touches turns to ash and dust, death and despair, but alas, most discover this only too late.  His offers are too good to be true, empty words and void promises, yet he demands your all and even that is never enough.”
“But is there no alternative,” sighed the desperate Prince, “can I choose neither and just live as I wish?”
“If you don’t choose Him, you choose against Him by default, which is to fall under the sway of evil and darkness forever,” said the lizardman grimly, “to not choose is still a choice.”
“But why must it be so?” demanded the Prince.
“For that is the way He designed it,” said the reptile with a shrug, “you may complain about it, ignore it, flee from it, or declare it false but that has no impact upon the reality thereof.  You might as well complain that the sky is blue or water is wet, for as much good as it will do you.”
“You sound just like him,” sighed the Prince, glancing dejectedly at Kipril, “now if you will both excuse me, I could use some time alone to ponder what I have heard today.”
To everyone’s surprise, the monster bowed deeply and left without another word, Kipril doing likewise, an astonished look upon his face, but he was eager to get the fiend alone that they might perhaps speak at length or settle the matter once and for all.  He found the hideous thing lolling about in the stables, the grooms having hid themselves in terror upon sighting the beast and the horses anxious in its presence, it smiled, motioned for the Messenger to follow, and led the way into the tack room, where they might speak at ease without further unsettling the stable’s occupants.
But before they had time to secure themselves therein, Erian came galloping into the stable, looking like a horse blown and utterly spent.  Kipril hastened to his side, asking anxiously, “what happened to you?  What has come of Brin?”
“The Fiend took him,” snorted the unicorn in dismay, “a foe against whom neither of us can stand!  I did manage to destroy a lizardman upon my flight hither, let us hope they are not again a menace to be reckoned with.”
Just then he saw the lizardman of Kipril’s particular acquaintance and screamed his rage, shaking the stable in his wrath, charging before Kipril could stop him, but as the monster had its sword out and looked equally ready to destroy the enraged unicorn, perhaps the creature was justified in attacking the monster after all.  It was over almost before it had begun, but instead of withering to the corpse of the man it once had been upon death, rather the lizard was consumed utterly by light, and when it receded, Brin stood there grinning as brightly as the sun after three days of cold, drizzling rain.
Kipril could not help but laugh aloud, “I knew there was something strange about you!”
Brin shrugged sheepishly, exchanging many eager greetings with his friends, before saying, “it was the Fiend’s doing, but I do not think he intended me to take the place of his actual reptilian advisor.  I believe Erian handily made an end of that wretch, allowing me to assume its place and responsibilities unquestioned.”
Erian’s ears went straight up in astonishment, “am I to understand you are advising the Prince at the behest of the Fiend?!”
“No,” laughed Kipril, “he’s still himself and can do naught but our Master’s will, he just looked rather hideous and took the place of the lizard you so handily destroyed.  What the Fiend intended as a curse or punishment has been turned on its head, for our Master’s benefit.”  He sobered as a sudden thought struck him and said, “though I do not think it beneficial if the Prince discovers your true nature and allegiance.”
“What is that to us?” queried Brin, as his features resumed their most recent guise, said that hideous visage, “At least this time I can assume my more usual form at will!”
“The sooner the better,” laughed the unicorn, triggering a mass bout of hilarity amongst the incongruous little trio, but suddenly Erian and Kipril vanished mid-laugh, leaving only the hideous lizard, smiling wryly at their hasty exit and wondering what it portended, but he had not long to wait.
“What are you lurking about in here for?” hissed the wraith, “You are supposed to be supervising his Royal Majesty!”
“Subterfuge,” hissed the monstrosity, his ironic tone completely lost in the heavy, rasping of his voice in this guise.
“Ah!” said the wraith approvingly, “Recruiting spies?  Excellent!  How goes it with the boy king?  Have you had any ghost trouble?”
“It is all well in hand,” hissed the beastly thing with obvious ire, “I do not need you to hold my hand.”
“You’ve never had much experience with these pesky ghosts,” scorned the wraith, “and for you they can prove quite deadly, whereas they are a mere inconvenience to me.”
“I’m willing to risk it,” snarled the creature, “now let me be about my business.”
“I was only trying to help,” spat the wraith.
“More like steal all the credit,” said the reptile.  The wraith didn’t deign to comment, but hissed most impressively, before going about his own business, whatever his dark errands might be.  Brin could not hide the smile of anticipation that suddenly contorted his hideous countenance at what was to come.

“I do not like it,” said the Prince that evening after he had had time to mull over everything he had heard and experienced thus far.
Kipril grinned incorrigibly, “the decision before you, my new occupation, or being advised by a minion of evil?”
“All of the above,” sighed the Prince dejectedly, “things were so much simpler before that evil mage showed up.”
“No,” said Kipril, “circumstances were exactly the same you were just blissfully ignorant of them.”
“You’re right!” said the Prince in dismay, “Ignorance is no excuse for foolish decisions in a reigning monarch, but now I can no longer claim even so flimsy a shield in my defense.  What am I to do?”
“Make a wise decision,” said Kipril patiently, “as is ever your wont.”
“But I don’t want to make that decision,” sighed the Prince.
“By deciding not to decide you have chosen,” said Kipril, “and in any other war would you dawdle so?”
“War?!” said the Prince in surprise, “What war?”
“A war older than time, Sire,” hissed the scaled fiend as it lumbered into the room to have its part in the conversation, “far bigger and older than we mere foot soldiers.  But like any war, each much choose a side for it will not spare or ignore pacifists and bystanders.  You can either choose a side to fight for or become a hapless casualty, the choice is ever yours.”
“Good versus evil, light versus dark,” said the Prince quietly, “a fight older than the ages you say?  But what if I choose the losing side?”
“I do not see how that matters?” said Kipril, “If the side of good loses, evil will have mastery over all, no matter which side you are on that can only be a terrible thing.  And if the light triumphs, as it shall, for evil’s final defeat has been accomplished, only a few minor skirmishes remain, only those who sided against the Master have reason to fear.”
“So you are saying if I choose evil or fail to choose, I lose either way,” said the Prince gloomily, “that there is really only one wise choice?”
“Exactly,” smiled Kipril, “and your answer?”
“I still cannot imagine bending my will to another’s,” sighed the Prince, “no matter how right and good and true and necessary it must be.”
“You must choose to bow or you will be bent,” hissed the reptile.
“The truth?!” said the Prince, “Out of you?”
“You are no fool, mortal,” spat the horror, “would you prefer I spoke words of honeyed poison and insult your intelligence thereby?  The evil one has plans for this wretched little kingdom of yours and you will either bow to his will or he will bend you to it.”
“And what of your master?” asked the Prince of Kipril, “Is he likewise so ruthless and tyrannical a lord?”
“What think you of a peasant or foreign merchant who fails to abide by your will, Sire?” countered Kipril, “Of petty thieves, poachers, and those who fail to pay their taxes?”
“When they violate the law, they must be dealt with,” said the Prince stonily, “else order, peace, and prosperity will vanish.”
“So why are you surprised that the Maker of all things, who wove His laws into the very fabric of creation, would expect His subjects to do likewise?” said Kipril, “You expect the peasant to abide by the laws of the realm yet you did not make him or most of the laws you expect him to obey, yet are wroth when he disobeys and have every right to be, how much more so the True King?”
The Prince smiled ruefully, “I just do not like the idea of a King greater than me!”
“None do,” hissed the reptile, “that is what brought about his Grim Majesty’s fall ere the stars were lit and his quest to corrupt all else of the Master’s devising.”
“And what brought you thus low?” queried the Prince.
“I had no choice,” spat the lizard.
“There is always a choice,” said Kipril quietly, “even be it death.”
“As was your choice, you pathetic ghost?” snarled the monster.
“I am well beyond such a paltry concern as death,” hissed Kipril with all the vehemence the lizard could boast.
“We shall see about that,” growled the monster, drawing its sword.
“Really, Gentlemen!” said the Prince in growing distress, “Why don’t you take this whole nasty business elsewhither?”
“Certainly, Highness,” said Kipril with a dangerous grin, “that is if you are done with this monstrosity’s expostulations?”
“Certainly,” shuddered the Prince, “let us be well rid of the thing.”
“Let’s not be hasty,” snarled the lizard reluctantly, “I’ll leave of my own accord, you don’t need to dispatch me permanently.”
“Would your fell master approve?” said Kipril in surprise.
“Once I’m dead I can’t ever escape his fell mercies,” hissed the fiend, “so I must take my chances that perhaps he will never find out about this little debacle and perhaps I’ll live another day or three.”
“Not if I can help it, you scaled traitor!” spat the wraith, appearing suddenly in the room, but the monster exchanged a brief, impossible smile with Kipril and leapt upon its own compatriot, they both vanished with a hideous scream and a flash of utter darkness.
The Prince’s mouth was agape in horror and relief, still starring at the place where the villains had been but were no longer, said he after what might have been an hour if it were a moment, “did that thing just sacrifice itself for my sake?”
“Rather it had vengeance Highness,” said Kipril with a shudder, “evil only turns on itself in the end.  It knew its moments were numbered so it decided to venture into the everlasting darkness with that shade at its side.”
The Prince shuddered in horror and then smiled ruefully at his friend, “a fate I do not wish to share, please, tell me more!”  And so the boy did.

They stood atop that insane cliff that divided the Shining Vale from the mortal world, again viewing all the Kingdoms of the world, and perhaps there was a small spot of light or a tad less shadow veiling the particular spot whereat Kipril regaled his friend with all the old tales.  Brin glanced longingly into the Vale behind them, shared a wistful look with Erian, and with the unicorn’s eager scream of battle, they galloped down the impossible cliff and off upon the next battle that awaited them.




The Dark ere the Dawn

It was a dangerous crossing, but the ford at least made it possible and it was a feat the family had accomplish times beyond count in their ceaseless wanderings from place to place, but this time they did not pass without incident or complication.  The youngest child, a boy precariously perched atop the overladen wain, was leaning over to watch the churning water as it passed around the wagon when the oxen stumbled, jolting the wagon precipitously and flinging the curious youngster into the frothing river.  One of the elder boys made to leap in after, but his father held up a warning hand and shook his head grimly, for the boy was already lost to sight, carried off by the swift current and no doubt smashed on the rocks or drowned in the spume; there was no sense losing two when the first was already beyond rescue.  With a dismal nod, the lad returned to his post, encouraging the reluctant draught beasts to finish the crossing with the surviving members of the clan.

The river bore the boy away, washing him into cold darkness and out of all conscious knowledge of anything, into a twilit world of dreams and strange sensations.  He awoke in the darkness upon a stony shore, cold and alone, but the flickering of a distant fire kept him from slipping utterly into despair.  With an effort, he righted himself and more crawled than walked towards that hopeful blaze, too cold and miserable even to think of anything but his immediate needs.  At last, after an epic struggle through a night-dark wood, half drowned and chilled to the bone, he emerged from the brush and beheld the cheerful blaze, but there was no one there.  With his last strength, he collapsed, shivering and miserable, as close to the fire as he could without scorching himself outright and there lay in a faint while the kindlers of the blaze sat about and discussed the intruder amongst themselves.
“A man?” gasped the first, “Here?”
“Only a child,” countered another, “certainly not old enough to be off on such an adventure alone; some misadventure must have befallen him.”
“The law is the law,” said the first staunchly, “mortal men are not allowed within the confines of the Wood.”
“You can’t just kill him,” said a third voice, “even if he has violated the Law of the Wood.”
“He’s half dead already,” retorted the first, “all we need do is wait and the matter will take care of itself.”
“You cannot be serious!” exclaimed the second.
Smirked the first, “I suppose you could throw him back into the river from whence he came, if you’re feeling squeamish.”
“We must do something,” insisted the third.
“If you feed it,” cautioned the first, “we’re stuck with it.”
“He’s not a lost puppy,” said the second with an exasperated sigh, “yes, he’ll then be able to see, hear, and understand us, but neither can we simply let him die, if there is aught in our power to save him.  He certainly can’t come home with us but that doesn’t mean there aren’t other options.”
“You can’t send it back to the mortal world,” said the first sternly, “it’s best just to let it die.”
The second and third exchanged a knowing smile, as the second explained to the yet mystified first, “the Tower.”
The first shook his head grimly, “better just to let it die here and now of natural causes!  And you think me the heartless one?”
“Who knows what the creature’s fate will be there?” countered the second, “While we certainly know what will come of him if we do nothing.  I will not have innocent blood on my hands.”
“Nor I,” agreed the third.
“Very well,” relented the first, “but once it has eaten and is aware of us, let there be nothing more said between us, save that vital to your errand.”
“Agreed,” said the second and third together.
They scrounged amongst their luggage and found several warm and dry blankets in which to wrap the soaked and frigid boy, forced him to drink something warm and sweet that tingled him right down to his forgotten toes, and then gave him a generous piece of filmy bread, that after the first bite made him feel as if he’d never need to eat again, for a single bite satisfied him far more than the finest mortal banquet ever set before a king.  He soon lapsed again into sleep, this time a pleasant and comforting affair, rather than a dreadful prelude to impending death.
“He sleeps,” said the first, “you had best be on your way.”
The second and third elves shared another of those conspiratorial smiles, but nodded their concurrence to their grim companion, and then bore the comatose boy gently off into the night, leaving the first to shake his head in wonder at his friends and their unfathomable behavior.  The Law was written as it was for a reason, for when mortals meddled in or even unwittingly became embroiled in the affairs of immortal folk, things got messy, complicated, and very hard upon the mortal involved.  Their compassion would only bring that boy further pain and hardship, better to let the poor brute die here and now rather than to meet a more terrifying or grisly end in that haunted Tower, but to each their own!  Regardless, the creature was no longer a concern one way or the other.

The boy woke again, this time at the base of a great stair that wound ever upwards until its upper reaches were lost in shadow and mist far above.  He stood easily, as if he were rising from a pleasant rest rather than a tryst with Death itself, still not sure he was not either dead or dreaming, he glanced around at his surroundings, far different from the riparian woods of the previous night or even the grim river’s embrace.  He stood in a crumbling courtyard that must once have belonged to a splendid palace but was now only the foyer for that unbelievable stair.  He glanced about hopefully for some doorway, hatch, or exit but found no way into or out of the courtyard save that incomprehensible staircase.  Still convinced he was dreaming, or perhaps treading the strange paths beyond mortal life, he hied himself up the stair, flight after countless flight, soon there was nothing to be seen but the stairs above and below and the shadowy mist that enwrapped everything.
After what might have been a lifetime, he at last ascended to the very top and found a courtyard much like that at the bottom, save for a great stone basin filled with crystal clear liquid, though certainly not water.  He walked around the pool, surveyed the walls, glanced at the shadowy mist above, and returned to the head of the stair, but found nothing and no one.  He was completely and utterly alone, trapped within an insane staircase for what might be all of eternity.  It was enough to drive one mad, that is if the dead could lose their minds?
But a voice suddenly spoke and spared him the philosophical repercussions of such an exercise and he turned gratefully towards the gravelly sounding query, spoken with true astonishment, “and who might you be, lad?  You’re far too young to even think about entering the Tower and facing the danger herein!”
“Please, sir,” said the boy, “where am I?  Am I dreaming or dead?  What is this place?”
The man could not help but smile at the lad’s predicament, saying gently, “I see you are about as confused as I am about all this, that’s a relief!  At least you are not up to some mischief.  Tell me what you can of your tale and perhaps we can unravel this mystery?”  The boy quickly told the man, as bland and unremarkable a person as ever lived, his whole tale, at least what he could, though it sounded rather fanciful and quite disjointed, like trying to recount the plot of some half remembered dream.  But the man seemed to understand and nodded knowingly, but there was a troubled light in his eyes.
“So you’ve sojourned with elves have you?” said he, shaking his head grimly, “And they brought you here.  Now what am I to do with you?  This is even less a place for a lad like you than their precious Wood!  I can’t send you back, so you’ll just have to go deeper in.”  He glanced into the pool, upon whose edge he was sitting, as an image resolved itself into being like a reflection but there was nothing to reflect.  “In with you lad, the Keeper will know what to do, and if he doesn’t, he’ll find someone that does.”
The boy really wasn’t in a mood to delve once more into any watery secrets, but it was either that or those atrocious stairs, so with a resigned shrug, he took the plunge.  Strangely he did not come away wet or spluttering for air, rather it was like walking from one room into the next, save the former was cold, dead, and drafty while the new chamber was full of warmth and light and music.  At last he stood in a place quite comprehensible to his mortal sensibilities.  A garden, or perhaps a wilderness, ran off in every direction as far as he could see, but all was so alive and vibrant and untainted by defect, death, decay, or disease that it made the lushest mortal garden seem a sickly and pallid thing by comparison.  He breathed deeply and felt such vigor and vitality within himself that it made that exquisite elvish bread seem but month old crumbs of the crudest loaf.
But he was not left alone to contemplate this marvelous sensation, for another voice sang out through the air, “here’s a puzzle indeed!”
The boy blinked and blinked again at the figment before him, thinking at first it must be a talking bear, but then deciding no, it was the oldest figure of a man he could contrive, even in his most farfetched imaginings, yet he was still as strong and vital as any youth in his prime.  The boy knew little of courtesy or proper manners, but somehow he knew the figure before him was the most deserving of respect of any man born of woman, so he offered his best awkward bow, little knowing the proper mechanics, only hoping this estimable old gentleman would not soon take offense, nor did he, for it seemed his mirth was as ready as that of any laughing brook, smiled he, returning the courtesy, “well met lad, well met indeed!  Now come sit at your leisure and tell me all your tale.”
They did just that, leaving the man with a thoughtful grin, near to bursting forth in full delight, said he at long last, “well that is a tale indeed and it seems you are stuck here, at least until you choose to go.”
“Where is Here and whither might I go after?” asked the boy eagerly, hoping for some sense to be made of the situation at long last.
“You’re Home,” said the wizened man in quiet delight while the boy gasped, knowing in his heart of hearts that it was true indeed.  For it was not of any earthly domicile or family circle of which he spoke, but rather of that place from whence all men came and to which they yearn above all else to return, save that the way thither was lost long ago with man’s innocence in the first days of the world.
Continued the man, once the boy’s wonder had subsided a bit, “but alas, you have come as far as a mortal man may wander, though none save myself have ever come this far, indeed, you are the first man I’ve seen in years beyond count.  But to leave this place, you must die, in one way or another.”
The boy frowned, “I thought death was death, save that there may perhaps be different ways to die, but are not all deaths the same?”
“Do not be ridiculous lad!” chuckled the man, as if this was nonsense indeed and should be quite obvious, even to so young a lad.  But he sobered quickly when he realized that the boy was actually quite confused and on the verge of taking offense, said he more cautiously, “has the world’s philosophy then come to this?  Men are truly ignorant of the Greater Things in life and beyond?”
The boy nodded, “I know little enough of the world I can see, and nothing of anything before or beyond, fanciful or theoretical.  All the learning in my possession were only those things by which I might fill my belly and stay alive another day.”
“A poor inheritance indeed,” said the man sadly, “but I suppose I should not be surprised, considering the beginning of the matter.  Have you any knowledge of myth or legend or history, however you might consider it?  Where did man come from, why is the world so fraught with pain and sorrow, what is our purpose, and what comes after?  These are the great questions lad, have you an answer?”
“None sir,” replied the boy, “as it has no bearing on daily survival, my parents would count all such knowledge or theorizing as a waste of time and thought.”
“So that is the end of it,” mused the man, more to himself than to his companion, “man has sacrificed the Greater Things and devoted himself utterly to the transient, the ephemeral, the material, and calls it necessity and all else frivolous!  Why, you are little better than beasts, lad!  So ignorant have people become, but at least the beasts are not spiteful, malicious, and vengeful as some men are wont to be.  What a mess the world of men must be!”  He glared at a particularly ugly bush, the only such that the boy could see in all the great expanse of the lush and wondrous garden wilderness about them.
“It is that homely bush’s fault?” asked the lad rather perplexedly as the man continued to glower at the unresponsive shrub.
This statement of course triggered the man’s sense of the ridiculous and he laughed heartily at himself, for of course vegetation, at least of the non-sentient sort, cannot be held responsible for its actions or lack there of.  “Right you are lad,” chuckled he merrily, “in a way, yes it all began with that particular specimen of greenery there, but it of course was no fault of that pathetic looking tree, that lies entirely with our forefathers.”
“You are saying that old tale is true?!” gasped the lad.
“So you have a little learning then, have you?” smiled the man warmly, “No books or equations for you, but perhaps an old gran that told tales before the fire during those long winter twilights?  That’s real learning, lad, at least the most important sort of learning.  For who would we be without our stories?  We’d have no past and a future quite uncertain, but those tales, they tell us who we are and where we’ve been and some even hint at where we might be going.  Numbers and grammar are all fine and useful, but it is stories that put meaning and direction and heart into a man and a people, that tells them what they have been and what they might be, for good or ill, but yes, to answer your question, you’ve fallen right into the heart of all the old tales.  That unscrupulous looking shrub is the much impugned ‘Tree of Knowledge.’”
“They ate the forbidden fruit and then got kicked out of Paradise!” whispered the boy in a scandalized tone.
“It’s worse than that lad,” said the man sadly, “they brought evil and death into a perfect world, beginning the descent of man into his current pitiable state, forever sundering us from our rightful Master.”
The boy frowned, “yet you and I are both here?  Why, how?”
“We’ve yet to see why you are here,” said the man thoughtfully, “for my own part, many long years ago, for reasons I will probably never understand, the Master brought me here to tend this little corner of creation, which isn’t quite content or right without a man to ‘work and keep it.’  I alone of all men have not tasted of death, at least until that day I decide to leave, if it should ever come.”
The boy thought to look at this enigmatic man with quite a scandalized expression, for seeming to believe in fairy tales as he obviously did, grown man though he be, but his own experiences of late seemed to testify that if he wasn’t mad, then perhaps the old tales were true, for he seemed very much to be standing right in the middle of one, no matter how odd or farfetched it might seem to his young mind.  Said he instead, “so our forebears did the one thing proscribed to them, got kicked out of paradise, and now you’ve been placed here in their stead?  Are you such a perfect man?”
“Nay lad,” said the man with a slight chuckle, “no mortal born of woman will ever be good enough to mend what has been marred.  As I said, I’ve no clue why I was chosen over everyone else, but this is the duty asked of me and one I gratefully perform.  Also, if I get up to any mischief or think to take matters into my own hands, well, I won’t be the first ex-gardener on the rolls.”
Smiled the boy impishly, “so is there only one rule to be observed, as in days of yore?”
“Actually there is,” nodded the man gravely, leading the boy deeper into the heart of that well-ordered wilderness.  And here was another tree, obviously different from all the others they had passed in coming to this particular glade.
The boy eyed his companion suspiciously, to see if this was a joke or the real thing, but the man was all seriousness, which made the boy whisper in reverent fear, “the Tree of Life?!”
“That it is lad,” said his companion in equally hushed tones, “one bite of its fruit and you’ll never taste of physical death.”  He motioned for the lad to follow him away from the imperious seeming tree that they might talk more at ease.  Once out of its shade, they both sighed in relief and shared a keen smile at their shared unease in the shadow of that tree.
“Why phrase it like that?  Why not simply say you’ll live forever?” asked the boy curiously.
Said he, “because what I said is the actual result: you’ll never physically die, but such an existence can hardly be called life.  You’ll never grow or learn or change, just go on forever as you were when you took that fatal bite.  All men were made to live forever lad, you don’t need that dreadful fruit to make you an immortal, it’s just we must first die before we get to discover what eternity is all about.  That’s why they were kicked out of the garden: so they wouldn’t eat of that tree also and live forever in their ruined and corrupted state.”
“How dreadful!” gasped the boy, but frowning slightly he added, “But you make it sound as if there is hope for our corrupted race?  That hope did not perish when our first-fathers erred?”
“Aye lad,” said he with a smile fit to shame the sun, “the Master didn’t just destroy our flawed race and begin anew, rather He promised to pay the debt Himself.  He’s promised to come Himself one day into the mortal world and pay the price we can’t pay, to save us from our own folly.”
“But if He hasn’t paid that debt yet,” began the boy, “how can there be any hope until He does?”
The man scratched his ear thoughtfully and said, “I don’t rightly understand the physics, or should I say metaphysics?, of time beyond the mortal world.  How things are reckoned on an eternal time scale are beyond any mortal mind to comprehend, but I think what matters is that He has promised to do it, and when He speaks, something is as good as done, even if it hasn’t happened yet, at least to our mortal sensibilities.”
The boy suddenly sat down, fatigued with all the philosophical gymnastics atop everything else that had happened to him since his fall into the river, a lifetime ago!  The man shook his head and smiled ruefully, “forgive me lad!  Such a poor host is hardly to be borne, this way and you’ll soon find yourself more refreshed than you’ve ever been.”  The boy eagerly shot to his feet and followed the embarrassed gardener off into that friendly wilderness.  He had thought simply breathing in this wondrous place was invigorating, once he tasted the water and ate the fruit, he hardly knew what life was prior to that moment, it was as if all his former existence was but a dream of a dream, and that hardly remembered!
Night fell about them, but the man lit neither fire nor lamp nor did they retreat indoors, said he to the perplexed boy, “when darkness falls, our only duty is to rest.  There’s light enough of stars and from some of the luminous residents hereabouts for anything that needs doing and as the weather is always lovely here, we have no need of roof or walls.”  The boy nodded his groggy understanding as he curled up contentedly on a pile of some heather-like plant and was lost to all conscious thought.

“It seems the very first morning of the world!” sighed the boy contentedly the next day as he zestfully jumped out of bed, more refreshed and energized than he had ever been.
“That’s because it is, lad,” smiled the man broadly, “each new day is a perfectly new day, the very first morning of the world!”
“Now what?” asked the boy, a little worried about what might be expected of him, for his father had been a dreadful taskmaster and nothing ever pleased him nor did one ever have an idle moment without feeling extremely guilty over such a sin.
“We breakfast,” said his seemingly lackadaisical host, “then we do whatever needs doing.”  The boy nodded grimly, thinking of all the work and upkeep such a place must require, but resigned to his fate all the same, at least he’d have the energy and vigor to accomplish anything that might be asked of him.  But he was rather astonished when ‘whatever needs doing,’ turned out to be nothing like the backbreaking drudgery he had anticipated.  He should have known better with how everything else in this bizarre place had gone so far.
There were no weeds, there were no pestiferous insects, there were no dangerous predators, neither disease nor death nor anxiety cast a shadow on all that pleasant land or the minds therein.  They might trim a tree to encourage a desired shape or transplant a flowering plant of a certain desired color or growing habit or they might simply mingle with the beasts and birds an entire afternoon.  Each day was exactly like the previous one but no two the same, for each had its own joys and interests, mysteries and wonders.  In this way, years and years passed, but the boy hardly noticed, though he had long since become a man.
“Well lad,” said the man a little sadly one bright morning, as all mornings were, “I’m off!”
“Off where?” said the boy in astonishment, for there wasn’t anywhere to go, unless he really meant to Go.  His heart suddenly sank as he realized this is what the man truly intended.  
The man saw understanding in the lad’s eyes and nodded, “even so lad, even so.  It’s been a long and lovely life, and your company not the least, but I’ve a hankering to see what lies beyond all this, to see the whole grand story in all its wonder, rather than remaining forever on the first page.  Don’t worry, we’ll meet again someday, on a morning even brighter and more joyous than this one.  Fare thee well!”
The boy sighed heavily, swiped at a tear, his first since coming to this place, and threw himself into the man’s arms in hearty farewell.  They walked together, silent and solemn, though the man could hardly conceal his eagerness and joy he tried valiantly for the lad’s sake.  They stopped abruptly upon the verge of a great bank of mist that walled in the whole expanse of that wild garden.  He smiled one last time at the lad, so wistful and full of joy the boy nearly followed after, then he turned and vanished into the mists, beyond all knowledge and tales, into the very heart of Greater Things.  With a wistful sigh, the boy turned round to attend to whatever duties the day might bring.
He was content, it was an idyllic life, but since the man Went, he yearned above all else for conversation and companionship with his own kind.  He was far from alone, certainly, but he was the only man that now frequented that lovely land.  There were the beasts and birds of course, always friendly and fun-loving, but though wiser than mortal creatures, they were still unthinking beasts.  Occasionally an elf or other immortal wanderer would stray into the garden, though never intentionally to see the gardener, rather curiosity brought them to the storied vale or they came in search of some obscure denizen thereof, and while they would happily ask advice or chat briefly with the man, they really had no interest in lingering longer than business or interest necessitated and were soon gone.  There were the Bright Ones, luminous beings so wondrous to look upon it was like gazing at the new risen sun, but they had even less to do with the man than the elves and other creatures wrought of flesh and blood, and he knew not what brought them occasionally to his corner of creation.
The only creatures he could really converse with, outside the occasional elfin tourist, were two particularly wise beasts and the Messengers.  The beasts, a serpent and a magpie to be exact, were probably not beasts at all but rather that is how they chose to portray themselves to him whenever they met, whatever their true nature, he could not even begin to guess.
The Messengers, who occasionally strayed into his demesne and seemed to be men of the blandest appearance imaginable, were always happy to speak upon any topic he wished, but their duties and experiences seemed so far beyond his understanding that he felt somewhat awkward in forcing a conversation on topics that certainly interested him but would likely bore anyone else, even the nature-loving, immortal elves!  So they would speak briefly upon superficial topics, the one drawback to perfect weather was that it made small talk extremely difficult without even that to fall back upon when things grew truly awkward, and then lapse into an even more awkward silence, before both drifted away upon their separate errands.  The Messengers certainly tried valiantly to put him at ease, but their very existence was so far beyond his experience that he felt awkward forcing his own interests and experiences upon such world-wise individuals, for his concerns must seem quite small and insignificant by comparison.
The Serpent was an unsettling creature, whatever its true nature, for it was always talking of what might happen or what should be or could be, urging him to think beyond the limited sphere of his current existence, of how he could turn his current existence into something far more grand and beneficial to himself.  He tried to politely excuse himself and find something that vitally needed doing on the exact opposite side of that small country whenever the creature imposed itself upon him, for he seemed to remember that a snake, whether this particular creature or another like it, had had a significant role in humanity’s first failure in this particular garden in the first days of the world and he was not eager to repeat the tale.
The Magpie was even more of a puzzle, for not a day passed when he did not engage the boy in a conversation of some sort, sometimes just to ask how he was and on other occasions the whole expanse of the day was not long enough for their discussion.  The boy looked forward to his visits and never seemed fatigued afterwards, as the Serpent always left him feeling, it was the only thing in that lovely place that ever tired him in the least, no matter how hard his physical labors.  The Serpent had his own mysterious agenda and the various other visitors to the garden had their own duties and errands, but the Magpie seemed to answer only to himself, to have nothing in particular to do or places to be, and though he seemed to know a great deal, he never seemed to hold it against the relatively clueless boy who was so easily intimidated by the far more worldly Messengers, but found himself conversing easily with the perky little fowl.
Perhaps another century or two passed since the Man had Gone, it was impossible to tell, and the boy was getting on as well as he ever had, save that nagging sense of loneliness or emptiness he had felt since his companion had gone.  The Magpie hopped out of a nearby bush and lit atop the lad’s shovel, as he was busy piling dirt back in a hole where he had just planted a vigorous young sapling.  Said the bird without preamble, “it isn’t good for you to be alone.”
“No,” said the boy, a little gloomily, “though in all else I am quite content.”
“That is why you were brought here at the first,” replied the Magpie, “for your friend felt then as you do now; it is quite natural for your kind to desire the company of like folk.  But finding you another companion won’t fix the problem.”
“I suppose not,” said the boy, “for one of us would eventually grow tired and Go and then we’d be back where we started.  And I suppose a wife is out of the question, as we’d beget a whole host of sinful children, who would then have access to that Tree, which would be disaster indeed.”
“Yes,” chuckled the bird at the thought, “quite!”
“Why not let him eat of the Tree?” hissed the Serpent, coiling around the base of the lad’s shovel, “Hasn’t he earned it after all his years of toil and loneliness?  True, he could no longer remain here in this ridiculous little garden, but who would want to?  Rather he could return to his own world, where he belongs, and there be a veritable King!”
“The choice is his,” said the Magpie pertly to the intruder, “as it has ever been.”
“I’d rather Go,” said the boy nervously, uneasy in the presence of that wretched snake.
“But you are young, inexperienced, ignorant,” hissed the snake, “little more than a stillborn child!”
“Quite true,” agreed the boy, “but not so ignorant as to think listening to you is going to fix anything, rather it will only make things worse, as it did with my forebears and all the world thereafter.”
“But to Go before you’ve ever lived!” taunted the snake, “A true pity, that.”
“I think I should have died the day I fell in the river,” mused the boy wistfully on what might have been a tale harkening from the time of the forging of the worlds.
“That you should have,” agreed the Magpie.
“But as your life has been so graciously spared,” hissed the snake snarkily at the indifferent seeming little fowl, “it would be a pity to waste it.”
“I have no interest in your offer, snake!” said the boy in exasperation, “Be gone!”
“Well said,” chuckled the bird, as the Serpent slithered off sulkily, “but you do not have to Go quite yet.”
“But I thought there was no other way to leave the Garden,” said the boy, “at least for a mortal man.”
“Death is the door you must take,” agreed the Magpie, “but there are more doors than the Tree and that which lies beyond the Mists.”
“The Tower,” said the boy with a shiver, “Return to that dreadful place?”
“Do you judge the whole house by the front door or a tree by a single leaf?” queried the unflappable bird, busy preening his feathers.
“I suppose you are right,” sighed the boy, “but what lies beyond?  I’m not quite ready to explore that eternal shore beyond the Mists, yet the snake’s joyless kingship is certainly not appetizing, nor do I wish to linger longer here alone.  What of the garden with none to tend it?”
“The Magpie flitted into a nearby tree and vanished amid the verdure, but chuckled eagerly in parting, “I always take care of My own.”
The boy’s knees suddenly gave way, as he realized Who that persistent little fowl actually was, and a shudder of revulsion assaulted his spine as he now understood what that horrid snake must be.  The options were there before him: stay, Go, Eat, or the Tower.  He smiled grimly, though tinged with eagerness, if He said the Tower was a viable option, then it must be, for what He spoke Was.  He gained his feet and trotted off into the gathering dusk, in search of a certain pond, by which he had entered this idyllic land, hoping that he was not being foolish to likewise abandon it.
“Just where do you think you are going?” hissed the Serpent from a branch above him, as he stood in the clearing, gazing in eager dread at the little pool that glowed strangely with a light all its own.  Continued the vexed reptile, “think you that this will be easy or painless?  That your plight will not grow worse if you continue down this road that will certainly lead to Death?”
“All this I know,” said the boy staunchly, “it is for this I have been preparing all these countless years, the reason my life was spared.  Why should I escape either death or sorrow when it is the inheritance and lot of all my sad race, especially when it means I might spare others the same?”
“A true idealist then,” mocked the snake, “but you shall not escape me so easily, foolish one.  The world to which you hope to return is full of my agents, allies, and slaves!  Here I can only whisper and tempt, there I can kill and destroy, ware foolish one!  You could have been an undying king, but you will become naught but a ghost, as powerless there as I am here!”  Its vile laughter lingered long in the air after the Serpent itself had vanished among the leaves.  The boy shivered, but though his mind was troubled by the creature’s words, he knew what it was he should do and wished with all his heart to do just that.
“You’re leaving?” came another voice, this one friendly and curious, rather than scornful and dismissive.
“Yes,” said the boy to the Messenger that suddenly stood beside him, “the time has come at last.”
“Don’t be afraid,” said the man, “things will grow strange indeed, but you go not alone.”
“No,” said the boy thoughtfully, “I won’t.  Dare I ask what to expect or what will come of me?”  The man’s amused and silent smile was answer enough, continued the boy, “very well, keep your secrets then, I suppose I shall find out soon enough.  Farewell!”
“For now,” said the man with a broad smile, before vanishing as suddenly as he had come.
The boy shook his head in wry amusement, well used to such sudden comings and goings, before taking a deep breath and plunging into the radiant pool.
He surfaced a moment later, neither wet nor fighting for air, and found himself standing again in the dusty, tomblike upper courtyard of that endless stair beside its changeless pool under a ceiling of shadowed mist.  “You’re back,” said the same drab man who had been sitting beside the pool when first he had come, a child lost and alone.
“Yes,” said the boy, though now a man full grown.
“Usually such visitors must ascend the stairs and face the challenges thereupon,” mused the man, “but it seems you’ve come in the back door.”
“I suppose,” said the boy, unsure of what the man was implying.
“But then I suppose such illusions and traps would be of little benefit to such a one as yourself,” continued the man, more to himself than to the lad before him, “well, if you mean to go through with it, look in the pool, but know it will be the last thing you shall ever see as a mortal man.”
The boy swallowed hard, knowing Death was nigh, but that it was also the only door by which he could attain those things his heart most yearned for.  Swallowing his fear, he leant over the pool and gazed deeply into its depths, a slight gasp escaped him as he looked upon things no mortal eye can behold and live, then everything was wonderful, terrible light.  The man smiled to himself as the boy evaporated in a blinding flash of light, as he too was consumed in the resulting brilliance, leaving the pool alone in its eternal and silent vigil.

He groaned, an unaccustomed and uncomfortable feeling wakening him from what might have been the sleep of Death, save that he was very much alive.  He shakily stood, gaining some relief from the stick, that had been jabbing into his side, as he gained his feet.  Pain, yes, that was the sensation, but he had not felt its like in years beyond reckoning, he smiled grimly, that must mean he was again in the mortal world, but where, when, and why?
He started by studying what he could see of himself, not that there was much to see, except that he was clad in plain but quite serviceable garb that might easily blend in in nearly all places, times, and occasions, save perhaps amongst the wealthy and noble crowd, whose taste and fashion varied as starkly from year to year as the weather from one season to the next.
“See!” said a familiar voice, “I told you!  Here we are again, just as I foresaw!”
“You are quite a Prophet,” grinned the boy from ear to ear, more in relief at seeing a familiar face, and one who might be able to explain a few things, than in amusement at the man’s jest.
“Not really,” replied the Messenger with a chuckle, “sometimes we just Know things.”
“We?!” said the boy hopefully.
“Did you not know?” smiled the man all the more, “Then let me be the first to welcome you amongst us!”
“That explains a little,” smiled the lad.
“But you have more questions than there are minutes in a day to answer them, I suppose,” mused the other with a knowing, impish grin.
“Certainly!” agreed the boy, “Do not we all at this stage?”
“I cannot disagree with that,” nodded the man sagely, “but whether we ever achieve answers to all of them is far beyond my ken.”
“You could start with the basics,” encouraged the boy.
“Nay, nay, lad,” chuckled the elder Messenger, “that would be far too sensible, not to mention...basic!”
“How true,” said the boy in mock exasperation.
“Quite,” agreed his companion, “we must begin in the philosophical mire that exists beyond common knowledge, in the realm of theoretical metaphysics of which I know nothing.”  The boy looked at him as if he had gone quite mad, deepening the rascal’s impish grin to a smile of pure mischief.  He sobered significantly and added, “I hope you are possessed of a sense of humor lad, else this mission shall be grim indeed.”
“I believe I am equipped with the basic model standard to my kind,” grinned the boy, catching the other’s madness, but frowning slightly in concern, he added, “what mission?”
“The first and possibly greatest of your career,” said he with a strange mix of dread and eagerness.
“Why do you sound so conflicted?” asked the boy.
“It will be the denouement of the world’s story,” replied the senior Messenger, “the moment we’ve all been waiting for, but it will be a grim tale, ere all is told.”
“But how can the grandest moment in history be overshadowed with grief?” queried the boy.
“It is the way of all mortal tales, lad,” said he, “every Joy has its share of sorrow or pain, but then so too do our Sorrows have a bit of Hope or Comfort in the mix.  One must step beyond this mortal sphere to find Joy untainted by Tears.  So will it be that our Greatest Joy will for a time be mingled with not only Tears, but darkness and blood.  Or so it was foretold, long ago.”
“You mean, He’s coming?!” said the boy in mingled wonder and trepidation.
“That He is lad,” said the man, “and we’ll have our work cut out for us to make sure things are accomplished as they are Written, for Prophecy is merely history written before it happens.”
“The Serpent?” asked the boy.
“That’s one of his guises yes,” agreed the man, “though he is more often called The Enemy or The Dark One amongst us.  He will certainly meddle and scheme in hopes that things will not be accomplished as they must, but there is no thwarting our Master’s will, so have no fear lad.”
“You said things might get strange?” asked the boy in growing dread at how important and complicated things sounded while he yet knew nothing of what he had embroiled himself in.
“Easy lad,” chuckled the other, “the Master already knows the end of the tale, we need only do our part, no mistake or oversight of ours will destroy His plans.  You’ll know what to do when you must.”
“That’s a relief,” chuckled the lad, “for it seems too great a task to ask of the least experienced man in the world!”
“You are at that,” mused the other, “but perhaps that is the very reason you are the most qualified?”
“Perhaps,” replied the boy skeptically, “I suppose time will reveal what it will and we can only know the end of the tale once it is fully told.”
“Wisdom indeed,” smiled the man, “not bad for the least experienced man in the world.  Have you a name?  I am called Garren.”
“I believe I once had a name,” said the boy thoughtfully, “but I have not needed one since the night I fell into a river and straight into a legend.”
“All great heroes need a name,” grinned the Messenger, “even those who are so important they think themselves beyond such paltry concerns.”
“Well I was the most famous man in the garden,” agreed the boy with an impish grin.
“And the only man,” nodded Garren, “no worries about your sense of the preposterous, lad, but what shall we call you?”
“Bayard?” said the boy in some wonder, not knowing from whence the name came, for it certainly wasn’t what his parents had called him.
“Excellent,” smiled Garren, “see, we Know things!”
“It is rather a strange sensation,” said Bayard.
“You did just ask about things getting strange, and that is just the sort of thing I was talking about,” laughed the elder Messenger warmly, “and it will be but the first of many such experiences and discoveries.”
“Before you regale me with your theoretical metaphysics,” began the boy, “would you mind explaining a few things that don’t pertain to our mission or the mortal world?”
“Only as long as you remain safely within the realm of your self-defined boundaries, certainly,” grinned the man like mischief itself.
Bayard could only shake his head and sigh at the man’s impetuosity, but continued as patiently as he could, “what should I know of the Tower, the Elf Wood, the Garden, and any related topics?”
“Life, the Universe, and Everything,” mused Garren, adding with a chuckle, “or rather everything beyond it!  You were correct in your assertion that you fell off a wagon straight into mythology.”  At the boy’s astonishment that Garren seemed to know more of his tale than he had yet disclosed, the senior Messenger added, “of course I know your tale lad, it was I that pulled you out of the water and left you safely, more or less, on the bank within sight of that elvish blaze.  Though it was touch and go for a few minutes whether they would take pity on you or not and whether I would have to intervene once more to save your life, but they acted as they should and you know the rest, at least I assume you do?”
The boy shook his head, “I remember losing consciousness, growing warm and comfortable, and then the next thing I knew was that dusty courtyard at the base of an insane stair.”
“Mortals have no place in the Elf Wood,” said Garren, “the elves had to decide whether mercy or their laws would win out that night, and happily it was the former, though at least one of the party thought the greater kindness was letting you succumb to the elements rather than facing the ‘haunted Tower.’  They couldn’t leave you loose in their Wood, so they left you where their world borders ours, a remnant of the elder days, when man thought he could build himself a staircase to Heaven, but only managed to find themselves divided into many different peoples and tongues and scattered across the whole face of the world.  The Tower was abandoned by men, but became quite useful as a place of testing and initiation for the Messengers.  The Elves were correct to fear it, at least from what they knew of the place, not knowing its true nature.  An unwitting child would find no danger there and so you came safely to the Garden, a relic even older than the elder days of the world, though no longer technically a part of this world.”
“And here we lapse into theoretical metaphysics!” laughed the boy, “For all this talk of different worlds, realms, and dimensions is quite beyond the learning of one ignorant peasant lad.”
“You seem to be handling such revelations just fine,” said the man dryly, “your years in that pleasant country were not without benefit, even if your education was carried out in such a manner that even you are unaware of it.  You would not have been assigned this mission were you not well equipped to carry it out.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the boy, “so what then is our mission?”
“Did I not say we are to prepare the way for His coming and make straight the path He will tread?” said Garren in feigned surprise, “Has all this philosophical nonsense driven it from your mind?”
“What I meant was,” said the boy with an equally feigned sigh of longsuffering, “tell me all you can of our role in this world in general and for this upcoming mission in particular.”
“Thank you for clarifying,” chuckled Garren heartily, “indeed, I am quite in your debt!  Now that I know exactly where to begin.”  But he could get no further upon the topic, for suddenly they were interrupted by a scruffy lad dashing into their midst after an equally disreputable looking young goat.
“Please forgive me!” said the boy in surprise, as he scooped up the renegade, “I had no idea there was anyone here, for folk are few and far between upon these barren hills.”
“Easy lad,” smiled Garren broadly, “we thought ourselves equally alone and quite at our ease.  But now that we know that is not the case, have you a name?”
“I am called Kipril,” said the boy eagerly to this chatty stranger, for amiable company outside his immediate clan was quite a novelty to the young goatherd.
Just then another voice called from the far side of the hill, “Kipril, have you caught that little menace yet?  Who on earth can you have found to talk to out here?  I hope you haven’t gone mad at last and are speaking to yourself, or worse, some bush or stone!”  As the speaker crested the rise, he colored furiously and could only grunt an embarrassed, “oh!”
Kipril grinned widely at his friend’s discomfiture and introduced Kyan to his as yet unnamed companions.  Garren’s easy smile put the newcomer quite at his ease and soon the pair was chatting gaily back and forth as if they had known the strangers their entire lives and very soon they had secured a promise from the strangers to join them for the evening meal.  “It isn’t far,” said Kyan eagerly, “thankfully that wretched goat didn’t run far this time.”  He then went on to entertain the party with the runaway’s many exploits and adventures on previous occasions.
“He sounds to be more trouble than he’s worth,” chuckled Bayard.
“Quite,” sighed Kipril, “but we’ve also grown quite fond of the little rascal, hence all the effort we are willing to make for his sake, silly as it may seem.”
“How precious!” scoffed a sinister voice from out of the deepening shadows, as twilight gathered about them, “Indeed, I almost hate to destroy such a beauteous moment, but orders are orders!  Take him!”  Suddenly all was chaos as a trio of what seemed to be great hulking shadows loomed out of the brambles along either side of the path, shoving the shepherds and Garren aside as they fell upon Bayard, knocking the boy senseless and retreating with him into the growing gloom of an overcast night.
Garren at first thought to pursue, but knew innately that it was not to be, the boy’s fate was no longer his immediate concern.  The goatherds exchanged a grim look, but watched Garren carefully to see what he would do, cautioned Kipril, “I know you probably wish to pursue your friend, but I fear it will avail nothing as there is no doubt a large and dangerous party awaiting the return of the trio we just encountered.  You’ll only end up a captive too or you’ll both end up dead.”
Kyan nodded grimly, “slavers no doubt,” but scratching his chin thoughtfully he added, “though why they only took one of us I can’t begin to fathom?”
“Who can begin to understand the logic of such men?” agreed Garren, “But you are correct, strangers that we are and few in number at that, it would be a disaster indeed.  My companion’s chances of surviving this little ordeal will sadly be better if no rescue is attempted and if they are after slaves as you suspect, they’ll treat him well enough, for there’s no profit in doing otherwise.”  They all nodded in grim resignation and continued on their way, knowing well the harsh ways of the world and that there was naught they could do to change them in this particular circumstance.
Garren was welcomed by all and sundry as his companions introduced him to their little clan of shepherds, and much did they condole with him on the unfortunate loss of his companion and the hard reality that was life as they knew it.  Had the boy been a mortal lad in such dire straits, Garren would have been quite distraught at leaving him to his fate, but as that was not the case and it certainly seemed a vital part of their mission, he did not concern himself overly much about Bayard’s capture, save that he had not yet told him anything about his new lot in life, but he’d figure it out on his own soon enough.
He turned his attention to the folk about him and their heartfelt sympathy for his seeming plight.  He watched the two lads in particular, feeling they had some part to play as well in the unfolding drama that was his current mission.  Suddenly there was a little bird on his shoulder, speaking quietly into his ear, the Magpie said, “there are plans afoot indeed, child!  My Enemy thought to waylay a certain lad from amongst this clan of nomadic herdsmen and thus bring My plans to naught, little realizing his minions made off with the wrong boy.  By the time he discovers his mistake, the tale will be well advanced indeed!  It will be your part to see that each of the lads involved finds his way upon the path I have set before him, though it is their choice whether they will choose to tread it or not.”  And then He was gone, as suddenly as He had come.
Garren smiled eagerly, wondering just what his part would be in things to come, but impatient to see how the tale would unfold.  He said He would come, though in what form or guise, and how He would make that entrance and spend His time amongst mortals was unknown, only tantalizingly hinted at in Prophecy and Legend.  Only time would tell but it would be a tale indeed!

Bayard finally regained his senses, just in time to feel himself propelled towards the ground with such force he was quite certain he had been thrown with some vehemence.  Stars exploded upon his vision once more, but the darkness lingered only a moment before leaving him with an aching head, but quite conscious.  They ripped the hood off his face as a whole host of unshaven, unwashed and quite large ruffians surrounded him with hoots of derision and uncouth jeers and scornful laughter.  Said the same voice that had spoken upon the goat path ere his capture, “thought you could save the world and here you can’t even save yourself!  We’ll see what comes of all the wonders foretold about you boy, when you’ve been lost to history as naught but a slave!  Go back to your own place and let us alone, we don’t want you here, now or ever!”
Bayard gaped, wondering who they thought he was.  It could not be?  But why else make such a fuss over a seeming shepherd lad or even a novice Messenger?  He was nobody, and whatever he might accomplish in the course of his duties, it certainly did not involve saving the entire world, that feat belonged to One and only One, but how could they be so misguided to think he was Him!
Came an airy chuckle beside his ear, as a familiar avian form laughed heartily, “because I allowed the confusion, child.  They think they’ve run off with the Chosen One, that they’ve thwarted Prophecy and all My plans shall come to naught, but by the time they figure out that they were wrong, all will be accomplished.  Fear not and do as you know you must, remember, you are never alone!”
And then He was gone, leaving the boy to do his best to hide his eager smile lest his hosts grow suspicious or violent.  They mocked him for quite some time and then roughed him up enough that he’d be sore but not so much that it would imperil his usefulness to his future master.  Then he was fed and left to find what rest he could, trussed like a market fowl as he was.  At dawn the whole disreputable band set forth, eager to be rid of their captive and gain the reward promised by the self-proclaimed Prince of the World.
Bayard was no stranger to such a wretched and hardscrabble existence, for before his momentous fall into the river, his life was very much the same, save that he was not so much a captive as a necessitous burden that had yet to earn his keep among the large and indigent clan into which he had been born, one more mouth to feed when there was already little enough to go around.  Since then he had found the Source of all Hope and Joy, provision for all his wants and needs, especially the non-physical sort, which though less urgent to mortal sensibilities were no less needful, indeed, hunger could last only a lifetime, but despair could linger for all eternity if no cure was found.
So for days uncounted they dragged him in their wake, making life as bitter and miserable as they could without utterly destroying their prize, little knowing he had a source of Hope beyond mortal imagining, for indeed, a mortal man might well have despaired utterly, but his was no longer the inheritance due his kindred yet bound to the mortal sphere, but rather his was the legacy of one who had beheld the glory of the Maker of the stars, a very son and heir of the Righteous One.  So it was he did not suffer overly much at the hands of his captors, for even his physical being seemed to be made of sturdier stuff than his original mortal frame, at least if his memories of that nearly forgotten existence were accurate.
At last, they handed him off to a slave broker in a large market town and were paid their pittance for the forsaken soul in their keeping, before abandoning him to his fate and marching eagerly off to receive their due from the fiends who had set them this task in the first place.  Bayard was marched off in the opposite direction in a very businesslike fashion to be examined both physically and mentally, and to have his skills and aptitudes assessed.
“Young, strong, compliant, observant, healthy,” muttered the man to himself as he put the boy through his paces, “can you read lad?”
Bayard was about to reply that no, he could not, but somehow he knew that he could.  He blinked in astonishment, suddenly hearing the words the man was speaking as well and knowing they were no tongue with which he was familiar, apparently he also understood various languages as well!  Said he, “yes sir, I can write as well.”
“Excellent,” nodded the man eagerly, “I have just the place for you and it’s certainly to your benefit, for many of your more ignorant fellows have found themselves toiling in...how shall I say it?...less than ideal circumstances.  You’ll be well cared for and a veritable asset to your master rather than an expendable bit of manpower easily replaced.  Mind your manners and you’ll do quite well indeed.”
So it was he was cleaned up and sent on his way with a small company of soldiers returning to their headquarters after an extended patrol, for it was the Captain of this particular regiment that was desirous of acquiring such a valuable assistant in all of his many duties.  The soldiers were neither overly courteous nor neglectful of the boy, rather treating him as they might one of the remounts or a common but borrowed sword, not their personal property or responsibility but deserving of some consideration on account of the actual owner.  All in all, it was a pleasant change from the company of the ruffians who had separated him from Garren.

As the little clan of herdsmen settled in for the night, Garren found himself alone on a starry hillside, or so he thought, until he sensed a presence nearby, and in speaking, it was revealed to be a woman, perhaps the mother of one of his initial companions.  Said she quietly, “are you a keeper of secrets, stranger?”
“Perhaps,” mused Garren, “it depends upon what you mean by a secret, milady?”
“Things the world cannot know or will not believe,” murmured she.
“Because they are too big for the world to contain or comprehend?” asked he.
“Exactly,” said she happily, “I knew you would understand!”
“Your child?” queried Garren, for he had heard a few half hinted rumors pertaining to a certain lad of an age with his former companions.
“Yes,” said she, “no one believes me.”
“Not surprising,” agreed he.
“It’s not just that,” sighed she, lapsing into a pained silence.
“He’s a little different besides?” asked he gently.
“Precisely,” said she in relief, “a little like you.”
“Or perhaps it should be said that I am a little like Him?” said he in wonder.
Gasped she in the darkness, “how right you are!  I had not thought...I’m still learning what it all means.”
The night could not hide his smile, “ah lady, fear not, for none know what to expect in such a circumstance, for its like has never happened before and the Prophecies are foggy at best.  Just know that what must be will be and that none of us are alone in this, no matter what our friends and relatives think or believe upon the matter.”
“You comfort me indeed,” said she quietly.
“But things will grow far darker before the dawn,” said he warningly.
“I know,” said she with a stifled sob, “what am I to do?”
“Pray for strength,” advised he, “and have faith that the coming dawn will be glorious indeed, no matter how dark the night.”
“It will not be easy,” sighed she.
“Certainly not easy,” agreed he, “but nothing worthwhile ever is.”
No more words passed between them as they sat there, busy with their own thoughts, until the grey and rose of the mist-draped world hinted that dawn was nigh.  She smiled her gratitude through her tears and silently withdrew, lest they be found together and things grow even more awkward with her folk, who already looked at her askance from time to time for what they thought was a previous transgression.
But even as this shy little bird, grey in the dawning, flitted back to the safety of her nest, another presence intruded upon the stranger’s solitude.  Kipril was silent for several long moments as he took in the ethereal world in which he now found himself, one could believe almost anything in this strange world of mist and shadows, twilight and rosy gold.  Said he at last, tremulously, as if he feared the other would laugh at him outright, but he’d burst asunder if he kept it to himself much longer, so he took a steadying breathe and proceeded, “do you believe in fairy tales?”
Garren smiled slightly and replied, “it depends on the tale, lad, but yes, I know beyond doubt that some of them are quite true.”
“Good,” said the boy in relief, “because I have a great desire to discover one of my own.”
“Well you’d best get going then, lad,” said Garren quietly, opening a door that had appeared inexplicably out of the mist and stood unsupported in the open air, “just remember that the price of what you seek is Death.”  The boy shuddered at this, unsurprised but still horrified at the thought.  Continued the Messenger, “easy lad, it’s the door all mortal men must eventually enter at some point, you’ve just chosen when and how you’ll pass through it, but Greater Things lurk beyond, so fear not the door.  You’ll meet all sorts of dreadful things upon that stair, but if you turn back you’ll lose what you desire, pass them by and keep climbing, no matter what!”  The boy swallowed hard, smiled grimly, and ducked into the door ere his courage could fail him or his mind second guess what his heart desired above all else.  With a wistful smile, Garren shut the door and it vanished as silently as it had come.
No sooner had Kipril vanished about his quest than Kyan seemed to materialize out of the mist, now suffused all through with the splendor of the rising dawn.  Garren was quiet in anticipation, wondering just how many destinies and secrets he would become warder of in the wee hours of this burgeoning day.  Kyan sat heavily in the heather beside the stranger and sighed, “can you keep a secret?”
Garren said quietly, barely stifling a chuckle, “aye lad,” and wishing to add, ‘what’s one more?’ but contenting himself with, “what’s on your mind?”
“This is going to sound ridiculous,” began the uneasy boy.
“You don’t believe the gossip surrounding your cousin’s questionable birth and feel there must be more to the story, but hardly dare believe it, especially when it means the peculiar tales surrounding your own birth might also be true?” finished Garren.
“Precisely!?” said the boy in astonishment, “How did you know?”
“I don’t know how I Know,” mused Garren, “I just do sometimes.”
“So it is all true then?” said the boy in growing dread, “His tale and mine?”
“I’m afraid so,” said the Messenger solemnly, “and there’s nothing to be done but either accept that fact and do what you must or forsake everything and disappear into the shadows.”
“I just want to live a normal life,” sighed the distraught boy, “I never asked for this!”
“No one ever leads a so-called normal life, lad,” said Garren quietly, “we are all called to one thing or another and none of us get to choose our path, save whether to walk upon it or not.”
“But I’m Nobody and Nothing,” protested the boy.
“We are all Nobodies,” agreed Garren, “but we must still play the part chosen for us else Nothing will certainly be the result.”
“You are a very odd man,” said the boy grimly.
“Thank you,” smiled Garren easily.
The boy could not help but smile, “I’m not sure that was a compliment.”
“Perhaps not,” chuckled the Messenger, “but I’ve been called far worse, so therefore it must be viewed as such, relatively speaking.”
“That’s my fate then?” said the boy sadly, “The whole world will turn against me?”
“It’s the fate of all who truly follow Him,” replied Garren wistfully, “for His Kingdom is not of this world, and the world hates all those not like unto itself.  You must choose whose praise and good opinion is more highly to be valued: His or the world’s?”
“Certainly His!” said the boy.
“Then what are you fretting about?” smiled Garren warmly, “For His good opinion will last forever while the jeers and scoffing of men is quite temporary.”
“Thank you,” said the boy, as he vanished into the thinning mist, content at last.
“My pleasure,” smiled Garren wholeheartedly.

Kipril had heard wild tales of this Tower, but they were too tame and sane to have been told by anyone who had actually been here.  He smiled grimly to himself, knowing no one who had ever entered that door had actually survived the ordeal thus no one had ever lived to tell the tale.  He sighed and focused again upon the endless stairs before him, at least one did not grow tired in this bizarre place else he’d have been left gasping about ninety flights down with a dozen different nightmares each vying for his attention at once.  It was like a hideous dream, except it was real and perhaps he would never waken.  Fears of the future loomed into the present while past failures arose from their disquiet graves and haunted him likewise, all the while his personal shortcomings, doubts, misgivings, and darkest thoughts played out before him in all their hideous glory.  Shame and despair, sorrow and terror flocked around him thick as moths around a lantern on a midsummer’s night.  He wanted to collapse in a heap of tears, but ever the stranger’s words and his own fickle faith drove him ever upwards and onwards, praying desperately that the nightmare would end or at least that he might have strength enough to endure just one more horrid vision and another flight of steps.
“You can’t go that way!” came the mocking voice of his long dead father, “You aren’t good enough and never will be!  A pity you were ever born, it was you that drove me to an early grave and the one who broke your mother’s heart.  Your life has been nothing but an utter disappointment and now you’ll end as you have begun: a great big nothing!”
“No!” wept the boy bitterly, “It isn’t true, none of it is true!”
“What is truth?” mocked the voice, “Is there not a grain of truth amidst even the worst lie?”
Gritting his teeth and wiping the tears from his eyes, he continued to climb, trying to shut the taunting voice from his ears but unable to keep it from his heart.  At last he collapsed in a wretched heap, unable to go any further, for he had not the heart.  An impertinent little magpie lit on the stair just above his head, cocking his own, the bird asked, “giving up already, child?”
The boy looked up with a tear streaked face and red eyes, “have you come to taunt and shame me as well?”
“No,” laughed the bird like all the stars of heaven, causing the boy to smile in spite of his despair, for he could not help himself, such joy was there in the sound, nay it was Joy itself.
“I can’t go on,” sighed the boy, remembering his pointless travail, “I have not the strength.”
“None do,” agreed the bird.
“Then how am I to reach the top?” asked the exasperated lad.
“None can,” said the little fowl.
“Then what is the point?” said the boy, collapsing again into tears.
“That you finally understand the hard truth you have just spoken,” continued He.
The boy’s shoulders slumped in dejection, “and now Death?”
“Yes,” said the magpie, “the death of all your grief and shame and sorrow and fear and frustration and mortal failings; the very end of all your sin and despair and disquiet and dread.”
“But I am Nothing!” protested the boy.
“What is that to Me?” chuckled the little bird, “Am I not All in All?  The Beginning and the End?  You are naught without Me, but with Me, you can be Everything that I made you to be.”
“Yes,” panted the boy in dread and eagerness, “yes, yes, yes!”
“Very well,” said the magpie, with a wink of His eye, He cocked His head, and everything suddenly exploded in terrible, glorious Light.

Kipril blinked awake, or at least he hoped he was awake, at least the world seemed to be a little more comprehensible than it had been in an age or three.  Suddenly a long unheard, but very welcome, voice laughed and he could not help but smile in relief at the very familiarity of it, as he turned to smile in wonder at Garren, who still sat on a mist-shrouded hill upon a certain morning.  “Welcome back!” chuckled he, “I’m sure it seems a few eons to you but it has only been a few minutes since you left on your little adventure.”
The boy sat up and shook his head, as if he could clear it thereby, smiling in sheer boyish exuberance, “death indeed!  It was dreadful but such a glorious end!”
“Nay lad,” smiled Garren in delight, “this is but the beginning!

“You think you can escape me that easily?” hissed the irate raven, at the young man as he stood alone amid the stark and unpeopled hills, “You think you can do anything to save these wretched creatures, who take such delight in wallowing in their misery that they won’t even lift their eyes to Greater Things?”
“I can but do my Father’s will,” said the shepherd quietly.
“Even if it leads to Death?” hissed the Fiend.
“Even so,” said the boy, “I must walk the path set before me from before the worlds were made.”
“Bow to me,” whispered the Villain, “and you need not meet such an end!”
“I will not,” said he just as quietly, “be gone from me!”
“As you wish,” scorned the fowl as he winged off, “but you have not seen the last of me.”  The former goatherd smiled knowingly but kept his thoughts to himself.

“Gone?!” said the man in astonishment, “What do you mean gone?  Two of our lads just up and leave and now you propose doing the same?  Who’s to mind that pesky goat, to say nothing of the rest of the herd?”
Kipril shook his head grimly at his uncle’s outburst, “I’m sorry sir, but it must be so.”  He exchanged a wry smile with his companion, “but I suppose the most troublesome of your flock can come with me.”
The man blinked in astonishment, not anticipating the lad to make such an absurd offer in lieu of reconsidering his overbold proposition, said he, scratching his head in thoughtful resignation, “I guess if you’re set on this course lad, there’s little enough I can say to change your mind?  But think of the hardship to the rest of us when nearly your whole generation up and leaves!”
“But if we don’t go sir,” said the boy quietly, “it is the whole world that will regret it and not just our little clan of herdsmen that will be thus inconvenienced.”
“Perhaps,” said the man resignedly, “but if so, it is something quite uncanny and far beyond my experience then!”
“It is at that,” smiled Garren, “it is something quite beyond all of us!”
“We’ll see, shan’t we,” said the man in grim acceptance.
After the interview, as the uncanny pair walked off into the night, Garren said in wonder, “you weren’t serious that we need to take your pet goat along, right?”  The boy’s answering smile was not reassuring at all.

The raven lit upon the window ledge of the little office where Bayard was busily sorting through a pile of lists and letters and ledgers for his master, scorned the fowl, “you might have fooled my imbecilic minions, boy, but I will not forget this, neither will your wretched master prevail, no matter that he escaped this minor trap.  Indeed, you will soon find yourself properly punished for meddling in my affairs!  You will betray him whom you should love most!”  The boy shuddered as the wicked bird winged off, wondering if this dark prophecy might truly come to pass.

“How long have you been in my service?” asked the newly appointed Governor, of the slave standing before him.
“Nearly three years sir,” said Bayard.
“And what have been your duties during that time?” asked the boy’s master, with nary a hint of his true thoughts or feelings upon the matter, whether he was displeased, content, or merely curious.
“Oversight of all lists, accounts, monetary transactions, the use and acquisition of supplies, the efficiency...” he trailed off as the Governor motioned him to silence.
“Yes, yes,” said he, with what might be a hint of concealed amusement and a careless wave of his hand, “I am well aware of all of that, in fact, you have quite revolutionized the efficiency and order of my household, so much so that even my Steward is impressed.  And nothing, as far as I know, in all the history of the world, has ever impressed him.  You seem to be a man who can be trusted, and I desperately need such servants in my new position, as you undoubtedly understand.  I have been tasked by the Emperor with maintaining order in this uncivilized and barbaric backwater of a Province and I do not intend to fail.  How would you like to do something other than tally linen usage within the Governor’s household?”
The boy stared at him blankly in astonishment and that hint of amusement flared briefly forth into a wildfire of mirth, but it was quickly buried under his usual unflappable and pacific visage, as he continued, “I have a field assignment for you, if you think you can manage it?”
Bayard bowed contritely and said, “I would like it above all things, sir.”
“Very good,” said he, “if you succeed upon this little outing, I believe it will be much to your benefit.”  He paused but the boy did not leap for joy as might be expected in such a circumstance, but then he was a slave, and most of the wretched creatures were so oppressed and dispirited that even the thought of leaping, especially in the very presence of their master, was anathema too them, if not physically impossible.  “Take six of my personal guards and venture into the Western Wilds.  There’s a fellow stirring up unrest and discontent amongst the Hill Shepherds; I’d like the riot squelched before it ignites into a full blown rebellion.  Bring him back that we might put this matter to rest.”
Bayard squashed his own eager smile, bowed again, saying, “yes, your Excellency,” before hieing himself off with all the haste allowed in such a situation.  The Governor did not miss the boy’s enthusiasm, no matter how he tried to hide it, and allowed himself another moment of unguarded mirth, before his face turned again to stone and he attended to the next pressing matter of business awaiting his attention.
Finally!  He had been doing nothing but paperwork for the last couple years, wondering what the point of it all was, but knowing it was his lot and duty for the moment and thereto must he attend with all diligence, no matter how dull.  But at last he had a field assignment, and such an assignment!  At last he could fulfill his true duty of promoting order, justice, and peace!  As he hastened down the corridor to begin preparations for his journey, the Steward stepped out of his office and motioned for the boy to join him therein.  Bayard blinked in surprise, offered the proper courtesies, and immediately obliged the man, his true master, at least in daily matters.
“How may I be of service, sir?” queried the boy immediately.
“Perhaps I can be of service to you, lad,” said the aging man quietly, pride gleaming in his eyes, “the Governor has given you your chance then?”
“Yes sir!” said Bayard eagerly.
“Excellent, most excellent,” said the Steward, “you are too valuable an asset to be left moldering in an office crunching numbers all your days.  If you succeed in this venture, you will go far within our Master’s household, and in his current position, that will be far indeed.  What is your next assignment?”  Bayard told him and the man nodded, frowning pensively, saying at last, “very well, I will see that you are equipped as you must be, else you may be stymied in your attempts to procure what you need by others who are jealous of your seeming good luck.”
“Thank you sir, thank you indeed!” said Bayard, never having considered such a possibility, having no such nature himself.
“No, lad,” said the Steward solemnly, “thank you, for our Master needs a whole host of such men in his service, but I fear we are but few.”  He wasted no more words on such sentimentality, for indeed, he was a man of few words, save when some miscreant needed a verbal lashing or he discovered some grievous wastage by the servants in his charge.  The boy was arrayed in clothes befitting his errand, upcoming journey, and new status within the household, nearly equaling the Steward’s own attire, and provisioned with all else he might need, as well as receiving some much needed advice on which of the Governor’s personal guards to take.
“There,” said the Steward proudly, “I have done all I can for you, but I am sure you will not disappoint either myself or your Master.”
“Not in the least, sir,” said Bayard, fighting back tears at this first show of kindness he had known since losing Garren.
“Very well,” said the Steward briskly, “off with you.”  Bayard bowed and fled down the corridor ere his tears betrayed him.  The Steward watched wistfully after for a moment and then returned to his own duties.
The boy approached the suggested Guardsmen and gave them their orders.  They seemed a little taken aback at receiving orders from such a source, but highly trained as they were to take orders without question, they immediately obeyed, allowing the little company to set out a few hours after midday.  Bayard wished they could gallop off grandly upon high adventure bent, but there was no sense killing horses at the start of such a journey or making a spectacle of their party and thus tarnishing his master’s good name.  So they trotted off down the dusty road in a neat little column with Bayard at its head, the peasants and lesser traffic drawing aside in fear as they saw the uniforms of the guardsmen and such an important looking figure at the fore.  Bayard wondered at this, for he knew not the terror and oppression with which the ruling powers maintained order in that place and time.
For he was but a nameless slave in that household, one who was honest and did his duty well, and thus escaped all knowledge of the outer world and the notice thereof.  Previously none save the Steward even noticed his existence.  So it was he ventured forth oblivious into a world quite foreign to his sensibilities and experience, for he had no comprehension of the harshness of the world, save what he knew as a child, but that memory was like a story heard long ago and barely remembered after.  He could not ask his men why the peasantry cowered in terror at their coming, for he knew at least that much of protocol and propriety, so he was left to mull it over in his own mind.  The answer gave him little comfort.  His master desired order above all else, but at what cost?  With this disquieting revelation, and a sinking heart, they trotted off into the fading day.

Kyan sat in the shade of some scrubby bushes speaking with a dozen curious peasants while the rest of his companions dozed during the heat of the day, but suddenly everyone was wide awake and silent as a scrawny shepherd lad dashed into their midst loudly proclaiming that a dozen soldiers were hard upon his heels, with swords barred and glinting like fire in the sun.  They exchanged worried glances, but Kyan spoke at last, “we cannot hope to flee nor can we fight.  Let us see what they intend.  Whatever comes of the matter, remember, we are called to peace and love, not injustice and violence.”
Garren nodded proudly at the lad’s calm yet confident leadership of the ragtag band that had formed around his curious proclamations in the ensuing years, but Kipril was ill at ease, his hand on his sword hilt, seemingly impatient for a fight.  Garren cautioned him, “nay lad, not yet!  This battle is not ours to fight, though we certainly shall have our part in the tale, also remember we have no power over mortal foes.”
The boy grinned sheepishly and let go of his sword, “I forget myself sometimes.”
Garren chuckled, “that is easy enough to do lad, especially when we’ve been living amongst mortal men for so long and you with no experience doing otherwise.”  But their quiet interlude was cut short as the sound of hooves echoed in the little dell.
There were only six soldiers and some sort of an official looking person, not a full dozen bent on murder and mayhem, for their swords rested safely in their sheaths.  Garren gaped to recognize the man at their head however, and he was pleased to see Bayard equally as flummoxed upon discovering his erstwhile companion amongst such a rabble.  Kipril merely frowned in perplexity at the interaction, not recognizing the boy.
Said Bayard formally, nodding politely to all and sundry, schooling his shock to neutrality, “who is the leader amongst you?”
Kyan stepped forward, “can I be of service, sir?”
Bayard smiled wholeheartedly, recognizing the boy, even if he did not recognize Bayard, for their acquaintance had been of short duration and it was growing dark at the time, not to mention the excitement of his capture and the intervening years.  Said he, “I am afraid I must importune you for a time, my good man.  My master, the new Governor, has requested your presence to discuss a matter of vital importance to the order and stability of the Province with which he is entrusted.”
Kyan frowned, “have I done something wrong?”
Bayard shook his head, “I know little of the matter, only that he has dispatched me to summon you.  He spoke of brewing unrest and rebellion in these sparely peopled hills and I believe he wishes to know more of the matter.”
Kyan could not help but smile, “we are hardly a rebellion, sir.  Indeed, we seek only peace, justice, and love for all.”
“Then you have little to fear,” said Bayard, “but I have my orders.”
“I will come,” said Kyan, suddenly wistful.
“No!” said Kipril, darting to the his friend’s side, “You can’t just go with these men!  What will come of us?”
Kyan smiled sadly, “I was sent to prepare the way, my friend, and that I have done.  All the hopes of the world rest upon another set of shoulders, for mine are far from adequate, and it is for Him that we have made ready.  Henceforth He shall go forth before you.  Fare thee well!”
Kipril glared at Bayard, “you have no right!  Have you any idea what you are about to do?”
Bayard little understood what passed between them, but said sadly, “I can but do my duty, lad.”
Garren spoke up, putting a firm hand on Kipril’s shoulder and saying, “and we shall do ours.”  He smiled sadly at Kyan, embraced him, and raised a hand in farewell.
Kyan smiled sadly at his companions, hugged his distraught friend, and mounted the horse Bayard offered him.  With a final, wistful look, they vanished in a cloud of flying dust.
“Now what?” said one of Kyan’s longtime followers.
Garren could not help but smile in anticipation as he glimpsed someone, or rather, Someone, standing on the hill above, silhouetted by the noonday sun, whispered he in awe, “it is time for greater things.”

Bayard and Kyan spent most of the journey back in friendly conversation, which certainly annoyed the guards, for who fraternized with a prisoner, or was even congenial to such?  But certainly a slave could speak with a peasant, and Bayard had not found such good company since his brief time with Garren, he thirsted for it more than a parched man did water.  He was delighted to discover what had been happening with the two goatherds and Garren over the past several years, but more so at the larger movement of which they were merely the vanguard.
“You seem sad,” said Bayard in concern, the morning of the day that would bring them back to the Governor’s residence.
“Yes,” said Kyan wistfully, “it is rather ridiculous I suppose.”
“What?” asked Bayard, with a pensive frown.
“That I regret not living to see everything fulfilled,” smiled he, tears glistening in his eyes.
“Do not be ridiculous,” said Bayard with a relieved laugh, “I am sure this is nothing but a formality.  My master is a just man, I am sure when you explain things, he will see there is nothing at all to concern him, indeed, your words and wisdom would be most welcome counsel in this rather difficult transition.”
Kyan stared at him in wonder, “know you so little of the world in general and people in particular?”
Bayard smiled ruefully, “indeed, I know very little of either, but surely things cannot be that bad?”  But his own disquiet thoughts, prompted by his experiences upon this journey, echoed Kyan’s concerns in a disturbing inner chorus.
Kyan shook his head, “we cannot thwart destiny, my friend.  I must go as it is written of me, I only wish I got to watch the rest of the tale unfold, for grand will be its telling!”
“How could I do such a thing?” said Bayard in horror, “I mustn’t!”
“You have your duty as much as I have mine,” said Kyan stonily.
Bayard bowed his head, “and that we each must do, even if it seems impossible and we don’t understand.”
“That is faith, my friend,” smiled Kyan sadly.
Bayard could not help but grin, “so why is yours likewise flagging?  Will not He Who has provided faithfully thus far see all things through for the good of His own?”
“Indeed!” laughed the boy, “It seems each of us has great need of the other at the moment.”
Said the Magpie, perched suddenly on Bayard’s shoulder, “indeed, children, for have I not often said, ‘it is not good for you to be alone?’  The days will grow darker still, yet you must trust and act as you ought, and remember, even in the utter dark, you are never alone nor has My will come to naught!”  With an eager squawk, He took wing and vanished from sight, though the soldiers neither saw nor heard anything of the matter.  The boys exchanged a joyous, wondering smile before lapsing into a thoughtful silence that continued until they clattered into the great courtyard of the Governor’s Palace.
“Come,” said Bayard, “we will go to my master directly and see what is to come of the matter.”
“I would appreciate that,” said Kyan, “if it must be accomplished, let it be with dispatch.”
“You must be wrong,” sighed Bayard, but his heart was not in it, “you must be!”
Kyan put a firm, comforting hand on his friend’s shoulder, “whatever comes of the matter, do not blame yourself.  Duty, remember!”
“Yes,” sighed he, “but it makes it no easier.”
Kyan grinned impishly, “nothing worthwhile is easy, my friend, remember that, but still it must be done.  Just remember, you must tell me the tale when all is finished.”
“Have no fear of that,” smiled Bayard wistfully, “though it may be a very long time in coming.”
“What is that in the eyes of eternity?” said Kyan with shining eyes, suddenly realizing that his mortal aspirations might not be realized but it was not the end, rather it was but the beginning of Greater Things.
“Nothing at all,” said Bayard knowingly, remembering things barely glimpsed and certainly not understood.  They grew silent as they approached the great doors behind which the Governor was wont to lurk, Bayard approached the Guard on duty there and spoke his business.  The man gave him a cold look, but entered to see what the Governor would have done upon the matter.
The man returned shortly and said, “the Governor asks why you are bothering him with this trifling matter?  Go have the villain’s head off and write your report!”
Bayard blanched at such gruffness, having convinced himself that his master was reasonable and just, but Kyan smiled knowingly, shaking his head sadly at the hardness of the world and the way in which his friend must learn that particular lesson.  They exchanged a sad, solemn glance and walked back the way they had come.
Kyan smiled wistfully once more, saying in farewell, “we will not be parted forever, my friend, just remember your promise!”  Bayard smiled wretchedly, tears in his eyes, and went to write his report as they led his friend away.

He was making quite a hash of his report, for his tears insisted on soaking the paper and making his ink run, but what was he to do?  However horrible, he knew it had to be done, it was the only way for the story to progress.  But it wasn’t the end, not of everything, especially of Kyan, but he missed his friend sorely.  Was that it?  Yes, he was feeling sorry for himself, sulking over his lost friend when he should be going boldly about his Master’s business, which at the moment meant writing this report without puddles of diluted ink drowning every third word.
He must remember he was not alone, no matter how alone he felt.  But it had been so wonderful to have a friend and companion after so long.  He was a Messenger, but he hardly knew what that meant, save to do the hard things and trust in the impossible.  With a sigh, he crumpled up the sheet, tossed it aside, and set to work afresh, finally able to hold back his misery until his report was finished.  Sealing it, he stood and went to deliver it to the Steward, who would see that it reached the Governor, a man he never wished to see again yet whom he still must serve, for whatever unfathomable necessity that placed him here and now.  Kyan was right, it would be a grand tale once told, but why did the waiting seem so interminable?  He smiled wryly, remembering an old proverb of his grandmother’s, ‘the bigger the finale the longer the wait.’
He knocked upon the Steward’s door but there came no response, he turned only to jump in surprise to see the man himself, said the Steward, “there you are!  Come, the Governor wants you immediately and I’ve been searching for some time; we mustn’t keep him waiting.”  With only the barest hint of a nod, they both took to their heels like a hind before the hounds.

The Steward left him to his fate, whatever it be, his hard won report still clutched in his hand.  Said the Governor sternly, “you have returned successful from your quest?”
Bayard bowed his head in miserable submission, “yes, your Excellency.”
“Excellent,” said he, “though you will remember to go through the proper channels henceforth?”
“Certainly, sir,” said Bayard.
“I suppose it was ignorance, pure and simple,” said he, “as you’ve done nothing in life to acquaint you with the proper protocols attending such a mission.”
“Yes sir,” said the boy wretchedly, not for his error but because he sorely missed his friend.
“You must learn and learn quickly,” said he, “for I have another mission for you, but it requires a far more world-wise individual.”  Bayard perked up at this, wondering what might be in the offing.  Continued the Governor, “unless you’d rather go back to your numbers and lists?”
“Certainly not sir,” said the boy, “I believe I have the sense and aptitude to adjust to just about any circumstance if given the chance.”
“Excellent,” said he, “for I need a man I can trust yet who has a mind of his own.  This rebellion in the Hills, I do not think it shall remain confined there for very long.  We have struck off the head, but my spies tell me it has grown another, this one far worse and with no intention of remaining isolated in the wilderness.  You will be my eyes and ears about town.  I will establish you as a prosperous merchant, you will gain standing and respect within the community, and when the time comes to act, you will be in the very heart of it and we shall deal the whole movement a fatal blow!”
Bayard’s heart sank at the thought of further betraying his friends and Master, but he knew without doubt that this was exactly the reason he had been placed in this position.  His role was vital for bringing the story to its right and proper end.  Feeling like a traitor of the worst sort, but knowing it his duty, he bowed contritely and said, “be it unto me as you have spoken, sir.”
“Very good,” said he, “you will need a clerk, preferably one that is far more worldly than his soon-to-be master; go see Cummins, the slave broker, and see what he has in stock.  The Steward will supply you with anything else you should need to establish yourself and will serve as the sole connection between us, for it should not be known that you are in my service, but there should be no surprise at such a merchant having many dealings with the Governor’s Steward, the biggest customer in the Province.  You are savvy enough in such matters to make a proper go of it and I have no doubt as to your abilities to adapt and improvise as necessary to creditably establish yourself in the community that we might end this threat thereby.”  He said no more, Bayard bowed himself out, wondering what on earth or beyond it he suddenly found himself in the midst of!

He smiled wryly, however, as he a slave, went to consult with a flesh dealer for the purchase of another such hapless soul.  “A clerk?” said Cummins in consternation, “One that can read and write and figure?”  He shook his head, “they ain’t cheap son, nor common either.”
“I’ll take whatever you have,” said Bayard, “and pay what I must.”
“Well that’s different,” said the man with a greasy smile and avaricious leer, “I may have just the thing.  Fortunate timing I say, nay, it’s right providential is what it is.  Though I haven’t had time to verify his tales mind you, I’ve only had the scamp in my keeping a mere hour, but he assures me he is learned in all the arts you desire and undoubtedly far more.”
“I suppose he will suffice,” said Bayard in feigned indifference, hiding well the inexplicable eagerness rising in his heart, “you’ll take the usual price for him I am sure?”
“Well as to that...” began the grubby fellow, “this being an emergency and all...”
“But as he is untried,” countered Bayard in as bored a manner as he could muster, “perhaps he isn’t even worth that?”
“Very well sir,” said Cummins grumpily, “you can have the fellow at the usual price for such a specimen but I make no guarantees nor will I take him back!”
“Agreed,” said Bayard with a yawn, “fetch the lad and I’ll see that you are paid.”

The boy wasn’t much to look at, ill-fed and unwashed as he was, but he certainly overflowed with impish excitement, though he tried valiantly to hide it in the presence of the Slave Broker, but happily Cummins either wasn’t much of a judge of character or he wanted to be rid of such a perky, and likely mischievous, acquisition as soon as possible, as he said nothing nor did he rebuke a creature far too happy and energetic to be mistaken for such a wretched creature as a slave.  The transaction was finished and Bayard walked out with his first ever real material purchase and it was another man!  But strangely he was neither horrified nor sickened by the prospect, but rather intrigued by the chipper little creature that bobbed along as happily oblivious as a puppy in a child’s wake.
“If we are going to succeed,” said Bayard quietly to his companion, unable to completely hide his amused grin, “you’re going to have to do better acting the part.”
“Sorry,” said the boy, “I’m still rather new at this; it is all so exciting!”
“Being a slave is exciting?” said the completely puzzled Bayard.
The boy could not help but laugh, something no slave born would ever do, it just wasn’t in their nature, rather the lad must have been sold or kidnapped into the wretched business not so very long ago and had yet to learn what was expected of him.  The boy grinned in such a way that Bayard wondered if he was truly human or was rather of some pixie descent and merely posing as a mortal man, though he was no more forthcoming, save his perpetual mirth, forcing Bayard to continue, “who are you?”
“You do not know?” said the boy in wonder, but added thoughtfully, “But then I suppose I could not wander about with the same face without eliciting awkward questions.”
Bayard stopped suddenly in shock and joy, reaping several far from joyful responses from the other passersby he importuned with his erratic behavior, but he ignored them and focused on this familiar presence in an unfamiliar guise.  At last noticing they were drawing attention for stopping for no apparent reason upon a rather busy and crowded street, Bayard drew his unwitting purchase into a vacant alley that they might discuss the matter at length without becoming a spectacle, which would not go well with the man of upstanding character and influence he was supposed to portray.
“It cannot be!” said Bayard in wonder, “But it is?!”
“Certainly,” grinned Kyan, from that stranger’s face.
“At least I don’t have to tell you the end of the story now,” smiled Bayard in sheer joy, but his face fell, “or finish this dismal duty alone.”
Kyan’s eyes narrowed, “what are we to do?”
Bayard said quietly, “betray our Master.”  The irrepressible youth was silent in shock and dread, but he knew it to be true and that it was his duty to do just that, indeed it was the very reason he again walked the mortal earth.
Said Kyan after a long, awkward pause, “but how can this be, I’m a Messenger?!  It isn’t in my nature!”
“Betrayal and treachery died with our mortal selves,” agreed Bayard, “but absolute obedience to our Master’s will is now innate within our beings, and as that happens to be His will, we can do naught else.”
Kyan had suspected it, but at this confirmation that his friend was also a comrade, he said delightedly, “at least you can teach me everything I need to know about this strange occupation.”
Bayard barked a laugh, “I know as little as you, my friend.  I was stricken from the man who might have been my mentor shortly after an incident involving a rather rambunctious goat and have been on my own ever since.”
Kyan gaped in awe, or was doing a rather good impression of a fish out of water, as he finally understood that he had previously met this man, if only momentarily, but it was not the previous acquaintance that made him gape, rather it was the masterful way in which the story seemed to be working itself out, and with that realization, why should he fear that the rest of the tale wouldn’t proceed as it must to a glorious finish?
Bayard too seemed to come suddenly to the same understanding and they shared an eager grin, apparently Kyan’s impishness was contagious!  Finally Bayard smiled wryly at his friend and said, “actually, you’ve had more training in this sort of thing than I, perhaps not those things peculiar to the Messengers, but I suspect you’ve been traveling in their company since our parting.”
“Garren,” said Kyan with a nod, “yes, he has been quite an enlightening source of knowledge, but I wonder,” said he with a pensive frown, “Kipril and he were quite close in a way he never was with anyone else, even me.  Do you think?”
Bayard could not help but grin, “when I had the great pleasure of arresting you, I saw a bit of their interaction and must say it made me wonder.  It would not surprise me to find him like unto ourselves, but he seemed a rather hasty fellow, for a Messenger at least.”
Kyan snorted a laugh, “becoming a Messenger doesn’t change our personality, my friend.  The poor fellow is loyal to a fault and felt you threatening one he was sworn to protect.  I wonder what he’ll do when we do worse than that?”
Bayard shook his in wonder, “perhaps ours will not be the hardest part in this tale, at least we know full well that what we are about is part of the tale as it must be told.”
Kyan smiled mercilessly, “he’s got Garren to keep him out of trouble.”
“He does at that,” grinned Bayard, “whereas we are completely on our own, at least educationally speaking.”
“What happens next?” asked Kyan eagerly.
“We set up shop and become upstanding members of the community,” said Bayard, “between your knowledge of the world and how it works and my understanding of inventory, numbers, and commodities, I believe we’ll be able to do just that.”  Kyan gave him an odd look and Bayard burst out laughing, “why else do you think that I, a Messenger, have spent the last three years managing the endless lists and numbers that comprise the inner workings of my master’s household?  It certainly wasn’t a scarcity of clerks with good penmanship!”
“All things work together for good,” quipped Kyan, “even my untimely death and your clerical duties!”
Said Bayard solemnly, “and this seeming betrayal.”

A little over a year later, scandal shook the provincial capital, as the Governor’s spies had predicted.  Lopping the head off the serpent only seemed to make it stronger, for now the entire Province trembled at His coming, rather than there merely being a tremor of anticipation amongst the Hillfolk.  The Governor braced for riot and revolution, the powers that be amongst the minor nobles, wealthy merchants, and civilian ruling bodies also looked upon His coming with both dread and contempt, for what good thing ever came out of the Hills?  But to the common, everyday folk, His advent brought a different sort of revolt: a revolution of joy.
His were the ways of peace, joy, love, justice for all men, not just the strong, the wealthy, and the powerful.  At first they welcomed His miracles and wisdom, His revolutionary ideas that would turn the world upside down, and the certain benefit to themselves that the downfall of all the rich and proud would bring, but it was not Him they wanted, it was the power or riches they thought He could give them.  The Governor saw Him as a threat to order in the Province, which the Emperor would see as failure on his part and none lived long who failed the Emperor.  The high and mighty within the Province saw Him as a threat to their positions, power, and livelihood and despised Him the more.  The downtrodden and outcasts loved Him at first because He was the first to ever pay them any heed, to promise them good things, to say they deserved love and justice and peace.
But the common people’s ideas of what would make them happy and His, were two very different things.  They thought He should tear down the rulers and wealthy and powerful and give the spoil and power to them; He said a man must forsake his own wants and desires, everything, and follow.  They wanted to be Kings, He asked them to be servants, a lot no different than the existence they currently led.  What then was the point?  What sort of a revolution was this?  Did not a revolt throw down the tyrant and raise the outcast to power and prestige?  But then the former outcast merely became the new tyrant, world without end, at least until this Man and His strange ideas appeared on the scene and offered a new sort of warfare, whose weapons were love and enemy was evil in all its forms, rather than men who did evil things.  So it was the whole world seemed to turn against Him, save a few ignorant, but hopeful individuals who followed Him for reasons even they could not understand.

Bayard had done as his master instructed and he did it well, for he was now ensconced as one of the foremost merchants in the city.  He was active upon several local civil and mercantile councils and well respected by all.  Well did he know all the activities, words, and haunts of this upstart hill shepherd turned prophet and much did he keep his master apprised, awaiting with dread the proper moment to act.  One bright morning a man, who might be a shepherd himself, approached Kyan, still portraying the clerk of a certain prosperous and influential merchant.  Kyan recognized him immediately as one of his own previous followers and looked intently at the fellow, wondering what news he brought.
Said he, a little nervous, but certainly eager, “where is your master?  I must speak with him immediately upon a matter that is sure to greatly benefit us both.”
“He is not used to meeting with such rabble without invitation or previous announcement,” said Kyan stonily.
The shabby fellow hissed, “he will meet with me, indeed, he must!  For I have the express authority of his master that it must be so!”  He proffered a very official looking scroll sealed with the Governor’s own signet.
“Very well,” said Kyan, “follow me.”
They wound through a labyrinthine warehouse full of crated goods, ascended a ladder to a second story loft and then another to the roof, whereupon stood what might be a simple cottage, though it perched atop another building rather than nestling in the heart of a forgotten wood.  Into this structure Kyan went, calling for Bayard, who was sitting at the table in the main room looking over a stack of papers.  “Official business, sir,” said the boy.
Bayard nodded grimly, pushed aside his work, and looked expectantly at the scruffy sheepherder before him.  The man smiled greasily and handed over the important looking missive.  Bayard broke the seals, read the brief statement, and addressed the fellow, “what have you to say upon this matter?”
“I’m one of his closest followers, I am sir!” said he eagerly, unwittingly crushing his hat in his hand in his excitement, “I can betray him to you upon the slightest notice.”
“And this rebellion He’s said to be fomenting?” asked Bayard with a face like granite.
“Everyone’s first love of the fellow has waxed cold, sir,” said he bluntly, “there’s naught to his promises and he demands too much of those who have nothing already.”
“And why are you offering us your services?” asked Bayard skeptically.
“I thought he had something to offer,” said he, “he doesn’t, so I’m taking advantage of the situation while I can.”
“So if we snap Him up,” mused Bayard, “there will be no outcry, no conflagration, no uproar?”
“No,” said the traitor, “most would thank the man who did just that.”
“Exactly what the Governor would wish,” said he, “when, how?”
“You can catch him tonight, alone save for a few hangers-on, ignorant shepherds all,” said he.
Bayard looked sadly at Kyan, who nodded grimly, and said, “very well, we shall take the Man and you shall have your price.  You will testify against Him of course?”
“Certainly,” grinned the man, “for the right price.”
“That you can exact from the Governor, I’m sure,” said Bayard stonily, “but for now we have plans to make.”  They got down to plotting the downfall of the Greatest Man in History.  Kyan went to the Governor’s Palace to requisition the needed supplies and men while the traitor went back to the Man he was about to betray.  Bayard slumped to the floor and wept in anticipation of what was to come.

Night came, starless and fog-shrouded, perfect for such a bitter scene.  They caught Him alone in a garden, seemingly interrupted in the middle of a desperate prayer.  A few of His followers peered out of the veiling mist, most taking one look at all those swords glinting in the torchlight, and fleeing as fast as they could lest they too be taken.
Only two remained to come to His defense, but there could be none, for so it had been written, long ago ere the worlds were made.  But Kipril had never read that particular Book and leapt into action before Garren could rein in his exuberant minion.  He saw the soldiers coming, his uncanny vision easily piercing the stygian depths of the hopeless night, and at their head he saw with disgust, not only the fellow that had been Kyan’s undoing, but also a man he had thought faithful to his Master from very nearly the first.
With a howl of fury, the boy leapt towards the primary villain with sword bared, ignoring the soldiers and the traitor for the moment; it might be utterly futile but he felt he must do something.  Kyan saw him coming, smiled wryly into the darkness, and leapt between the misguided Messenger and Bayard.  The sword came down in a viscous slash across the boy’s face, barely avoiding an eye but taking most of his nose.  Kipril dropped his sword in horror, both at what he had done and also at his Master’s stern, “enough.”
The boy blanched and fell to his knees, as the soldiers took hold of his shoulders and confiscated his sword; Garren was already in custody, but they were too uneasy yet to apprehend their main quarry.  The Man touched the wounded Kyan and restored all to form and function even as He surrendered Himself to those come to unjustly take Him.  With a heavy heart, Bayard ordered the company back to the Governor’s Palace for what would be a mockery of a trial.
They beat Him, they jeered at and mocked Him, but He would say nothing in His own defense, neither could they get a word out of either man apprehended with the fellow, but what need had they of the Truth when one could buy any tale one liked, for the right price?  So it was the Traitor stood forth and accused Him of the worst sorts of rebellion and sedition and treason, pointing to the sword-wielding antics of Kipril as the least example of what the fellow intended of his followers.  It was enough.
The crowd went wild in delight, for they felt utterly mocked and condemned by this upstart hill shepherd, and it was quite satisfying to see the tables turned.  The Governor hid his satisfied smile, for he would not betray his humanity before this unwashed mass or the powers that be amongst the citizenry.  He had held the trial in public and all were invited to watch, and watch they did, avid for their bloodlust to be sated.  He felt they were very close to quashing this rebellion once and for all.  He knew the fellow had done nothing wrong, didn’t deserve this sort of treatment, but what was one life compared to the order of an entire Province?  It was a small price indeed to maintain his rule.  He stood in signal of dismissal, and in turning to go, said simply, “impale them.”
The crowd again went wild, shoving and trampling one another in their haste to exit the city and achieve a good seat for the coming spectacle, leaving only the soldiers, servants, and the condemned to enact the Governor’s orders with all haste.  Bayard sighed heavily, knowing this dreadful task was now in his hands.  Kipril glared hatefully at him, Garren gave him a pathetic look, and the Man to whom he owed everything and Whom he was about to order to an agonizing death, merely bowed His head in contrition as the guards forced Him to walk to His own doom.  The dismal little party set off as a wretched drizzle began to fall, the Man stumbling and being forced to His feet again and again, so harshly had they already beaten Him, Bayard wondered if He’d live to suffer such an ignomious end.
But the deed was done, and a darkness greater than the void between the stars covered the entire face of the land, even as despair had overshadowed the hearts of the on looking Messengers.  “I told you, did I not!” triumphed an awful raven to Bayard, as it cavorted excitedly through the air, “you have betrayed him and now all has come to naught!  This is my hour!  The world is mine!”  His jeering was louder and more full of spite than the cumulative mocking of the thousand bloodthirsty onlookers.
The thunder rumbled, lightning flashed, the earth shook, as creation itself protested the death of its Maker.  But worst of all was the Magpie, perched in a dead tree, watching silently, solemnly as the horrid deed was accomplished.  With a heartrending squawk of disgust, He turned His back and flew off, as if He could not bear the sight.  From the tortured Man came a final gasp, “Father, why have you forsaken Me?” And then He died.
Bayard turned from the scene, sickened, swaying with disgust and a fatigue of soul and heart he felt certain he would never get over.  He ordered his horse and galloped back to the Palace to inform the Governor that the Man was dead.  Upon such an important errand, he did not bother with the proper channels and merely presented himself at the door and requested an audience.  It was granted immediately, so eager was the Governor to hear of his final triumph and victory and to congratulate the man who had helped bring it about.
“Well done, well done indeed!” sang his master, “Name your reward and it shall be yours!”
“The Man is dead sir,” said Bayard grimly, “if I am deserving of any reward, let it be that you heed what next I shall say, bold though it may be.”  Curious, the Governor nodded that he should continue, said Bayard, “give the Man a proper burial.  I know tradition states that He should be left to rot upon the stake, but I fear that will only inspire further rebellion and discontent amongst His momentarily flustered followers.  Let Him be quietly buried, as if this whole affair had never been, let it be a sign that indeed, this rebellion is in its grave and there let it stay.  Let those who are left start again with a clean slate and I believe you will have no more trouble from them, whereas leaving Him to rot as a warning to others will merely make Him a martyr instead.”
“Curious,” said the Governor, “very curious.  You are indeed bold, but also have learned much of the world since our last interview and it is only a fool who throws aside such fine counsel.  Very well, do as you have spoken, especially as it is the eve of the Emperor’s birth day, the highest feast day of the year, let it be a sign of goodwill to all in the Province that my wrath is spent and if they turn from their former ways, we will remember it no more.”  Bayard made his bows and left to implement this strange favor.
Garren and Kipril were still alive when he returned, as they were like to remain for all of time, since a mortal stick could little hurt a creature wrought of their Master’s light.  Kipril continued to glare daggers at him, but Garren’s eyes were sad and grim.  Protocol demanded a guard be ordered to finish the pair, but no weapon wielded by a mortal hand would avail and he did not want to order Kyan to do it, horrified as he already was by the events of the day and the pair being his particular friends.  He drew his sword and finished the executions, ordering the two slain Messengers to be interred in the pauper’s graveyard while he saw to the burial of the ringleader.  The guards and crowd were obviously astonished, but knew he wouldn’t dare such a thing on his own authority so none dared challenge him on the matter.
“You’d best set a guard around the tomb,” said the Traitor quietly to Bayard as the bodies were being collected, “that fellow boasted he’d not stay three days in his grave and his followers might just be bold enough to steal the corpse to perpetuate the myth.”
“He will be properly warded,” said Bayard quietly, “I will see to it myself.”
“Good,” said the Traitor, “and I’ll be off to collect my own reward.”
“You’ll find the Governor in a fine mood,” said Bayard grimly, “he’s like to grant you any boon you might ask.”
“Better and better!” grinned the man avariciously, “Perhaps I’ll even pop by to keep you company during your watch upon the tomb.”  He smiled in what he thought was a friendly manner and hastened off eagerly to claim his reward.  Bayard sighed heavily, climbed into his saddle, and led the burial party away.  Many of the onlookers followed, just to be sure they were up to no tricks, but it seemed the wretches were well and truly dead and headed for an ignomious burial, right alongside their offensive ideals.
One party broke off to bury the nameless followers and Bayard dismissed the rest of the guards back to the Palace as they passed it by, but as they rode off alone with the shattered form of their Master, wrapped in a shroud and draped across an empty saddle, a pair of guards came hastening after, neither had been in the execution party.  Bayard halted and waited their coming, wondering if the Governor had changed his mind.  But they simply fell into line with Bayard, Kyan, and the pack horse, as the foremost said, “we’ll accompany you, sir, if you don’t mind?”
“Not in the least,” said Bayard thoughtfully, kicking his horse back into motion and continuing on their way.  They wound their way deep into the catacombs, into the absolute blackness of death itself, where no light had ever dared stir, save perhaps the torches and lanterns of those come to inter the dead.  But Bayard had not thought to bring either lamp or torch and there was nothing at hand to aid their plight, but the strange guard said simply, “there’s no need of such for us, sir.”
“Indeed?!” said Bayard in surprise.
“Have you not guessed?” came the grinning query.
Bayard’s eyes narrowed slightly, “I have my suspicions.”
Garren nodded happily, “then what are we standing idly about here for?”
The other guard gaped in utter astonishment, “you mean?”
“I’m not a villain,” said Bayard quietly, and unable to help himself, he added, “and that the fellow you so grievously wounded in the garden is the same rapscallion for whom you blame me for permanently separating his head from his shoulders.”
“Kyan?!” squeaked the astonished Kipril.
“Yes, my friend, even so,” said he, “I suppose you never thought I’d take up with such a villain as this?”
“It has been rather a dreadful story,” sighed Kipril sadly.
Bayard could not help but smile grimly, but there was hope in it, “the tale isn’t fully told yet my friends, and the denouement will be glorious indeed.”
They gently interred their slain Master and sat about in the utter dark waiting in silence, for none had the heart to talk in that place of darkness and death, after what they had endured that day, but every passing hour, their hearts grew more and more eager, as if they knew the sun might rise at any moment and drive away all lesser shadows forever.  And it did.  One moment it was utterly dark, the next the Light was too bright to look upon and live.  Indeed, their disguises of mortal flesh melted away, leaving their stunningly radiant forms revealed in all their glory, but they had attention only for Him.
“Well done children,” said He, “I have asked the impossible of each of you, that this horrid tale might find its fulfillment and each of you have done your part.  Weep not for what has been, dwell only on the glorious is and will ever be, forever without end.  Death has been defeated, the debt of sin has been paid, and man can now live the life I intended him to live.”
The Light faded to nothingness even as He faded from their perception.  They cloaked themselves instinctively in an unassuming guise but not fast enough.  “What?!” wailed the voice of the Traitor in dismay.  He had dropped his torch in surprise but it still burned brightly upon the stony floor of the tomb, but he groped about blindly in distress.  Garren shook his head in wonder but touched the fellow on the shoulder, a light flared between them and his sight was immediately restored.  “What was that?” demanded he in astonishment.
“There are some things mortal men were not meant to look upon,” said Bayard quietly.
“Where is the body?” demanded he, seeing nothing but old bones upon their stony beds, obviously not belonging to anyone of recent decease.
“He lives,” said Bayard, “just as He said He would.”
“But you betrayed him,” said the traitor in growing fear, “you must have hid the body so you can justify the continuation of your little rebellion.”
“How would that avail us?” queried Garren in surprise.
“Indeed,” said Bayard, “you told me yourself you were jumping ship ere it sank out of usefulness.”
“And how do you explain what you saw?” added Kyan, grinning impishly, “Or didn’t?”
“He told the truth?” said the exasperated fellow, sitting suddenly on the rocky ground.  He stared at Bayard in wonder, “and He would forgive a traitor such as I?”
“Indeed, I would,” said He, suddenly standing among them once more, though His glory was safely veiled from mortal eye.  His servants were on their knees immediately, the traitor sat upon the floor and gazed in terror and dread upon Him whom he had betrayed.  “Will you come?” asked He.  The man’s smile nearly split his face in two.

“Well that’s the end of that story,” smiled Bayard joyously at his companions, who had vanished from the scene with the Beloved’s second exit.
“No,” corrected Garren with a laugh, “that story is only just begun, a whole new chapter in human history is about to unfold, but that is the end of our part in it; it is the business now of His mortal servants to see that the tale continues to spread and grow.”
“So what is our business?” queried Bayard eagerly, adding grinningly, “At least when we are not playing the villain in the Great Story?”
“You really have no clue, do you,” smiled Garren like joy itself, “you’ve never experienced normal in any aspect of your varied and interesting life.”
“Unless you count my stint as a clerk or my brief childhood amongst the gypsies,” said Bayard.
“I suppose you have had a few rather mundane experiences after all,” agreed Garren.
“I fear I am no wiser than Bayard,” said Kyan ruefully, “at least when it comes to our current profession.”
Kipril chimed in, “so does that mean I am ready to go off and have adventures of my own, being the vastly experienced man that I am?”
Bayard grinned impishly, “perhaps in skills peculiar to the Messengers you know more than we, but in matters of temper, I fear there are a few lessons yet for you to learn.”
“That is an excellent idea,” said Garren with a sudden nod, “it is just the thing!  Every eye was suddenly fixed upon him, a rather worried expression on each face, whatever amused him this much could be no very good thing, or so they thought.  “Obviously I can’t have three of you tagging along in my wake, cramping my style and all that, I’m a Messenger, not a mother duck after all, but I believe that problem is easily enough rectified.  I’ll take Kyan while Kipril can teach Bayard about our unique skillset and Bayard can hopefully teach the lad a thing or three about patience, thinking before one acts, and that sort of thing.”
Kipril’s eyebrows nearly buried themselves in his hairline, “so who is apprenticing with whom?”
“Both and neither,” grinned Garren.
“Clear as ever,” sighed Kipril in despair.
“That’s what mentors are for,” laughed Garren, as he never thought he would again just a few days prior, though now he felt so much joy and awe over the whole debacle he wondered if he’d ever be able to stop!
“Is it possible for a Messenger to go mad?” queried Kyan, eyeing his self-proclaimed mentor a tad uneasily.
“I doubt it,” grinned Bayard, “if death is merely a nuisance, physical or mental ailments should be of little concern, unless necessary for our mission.”
“Now that you mention it,” mused Kipril, “I should have realized something was amiss when I was able to injure that fellow in the garden and Bayard was able to actually kill us.”
“It certainly took you long enough to figure that out lad,” chuckled Garren as only a thoroughly sane man might, having now regained his composure and lost all resemblance to an insane squirrel.
“I do apologize for my rather rash behavior,” said he to all three, “it was quite uncalled for and certainly contrary to our profession.”
“Your intentions were the best,” said Kyan with a shake of his head, “but you must learn to act only after thinking, which is certainly something Bayard can teach you.”
Kipril grinned brightly, “and I can teach him to act without thinking.”  At Garren’s concerned look, he sheepishly amended, “or rather to be able to use our more peculiar skills when he must without pausing to think how it is done.”
“Much better,” laughed Bayard, as Kyan rolled his eyes and Garren shook his head in wonder.
Said Garren to Bayard, “I am sorry lad, you certainly don’t deserve this, but as you can see I’ve accomplished nothing with him in several years of valiant effort.”
“He may just be a lost cause,” said Bayard with a sad shake of his head.
“I did not think there was such a thing in this business?” said Kipril worriedly, not catching Bayard’s teasing tone, “Though I certainly thought as much about you at one time and even more so of the Traitor.”
“If a traitor can become our Master’s greatest mortal evangelist,” mused Kyan, “what can He make of us?”
“Certainly an astonishing thought,” said Bayard with a wicked grin, and this time Kipril did not miss his humorous undertones, which were bold enough to bludgeon the surliest individual into a smile, “and certainly a proper topic of meditation for my misguided pupil, perhaps a millennium of such study would prove a useful cure?”
“Ugh!” sighed the unfortunate pupil, “I’d rather spend an eternity weeding my grandmother’s cabbage bed.”
Garren grinned wryly, “I believe that can be arranged, though I do not believe you know the significance of that statement to your beloved mentor; you might wish to rephrase your metaphor before he makes it a reality.”
“What on earth is he hinting at?” asked Kyan with a frown.
Bayard smiled in reminiscence, “well, it isn’t exactly on earth nor are there weeds in Paradise, but I do take your meaning.”  He grinned hugely at the two erstwhile shepherds and said, “I am one of the former caretakers of Lost Paradise, though who is now in charge, I do not know, but I am sure if one of you wishes to volunteer, your help would be readily accepted?”
“That sounds almost as much fun as your stint as a clerical worker,” said Kyan with a grimace.
“It was rather more pleasant,” said Bayard a tad wistfully, “though incredibly lonely.”
“Ah!” said Kyan, “That explains, ‘it is not good for you to be alone!’”
“Quite,” said Bayard, “now I suppose we must part ways, happily not alone, but I am grieved to leave you so soon my friends.”
“Speak for yourself,” laughed Kipril, “Garren has been saddled with me for literally years.”
“I only received the benefit of his tutelage for a few minutes,” countered Bayard, “but perhaps you took rather detailed notes?”
“No,” said the boy in feigned glumness, “I quite washed out as a pupil and thus am in great need of a remedial education.”
“So my toilsome labors are to continue,” grinned Bayard in spite of himself.
“At least he’s halter broke for you,” said Garren, “which is more than I can say of the lad when first we met.”
“Then there is a smidgeon of hope,” grinned Bayard, “and I do believe we are never further apart than a thought.”
“Indeed lad,” nodded Garren proudly, “I do believe you’ll be done with your apprenticeship in a matter of hours.”
“And Kipril will never be done with his,” laughed Kyan.
Garren shook his head, “if not in this world, there is always the next.”  Kipril could only shake his head and roll his eyes, wondering which of the three was maddest.
“For both their sakes,” grinned Garren, “let us hope that not be the case.”  With a final, broad smile of farewell from the uncanny man, they all suddenly vanished in a great flash of light about their next errand.

Bayard looked about in wonder, never having thought to return so soon to the place he had spent so many pleasant eons; he grinned wryly at his own thoughts, suddenly realizing just how relative ‘soon’ was to those who skipped about outside the predictable confines of time.  He smiled indeed at another realization: he was again outside of time’s tedious grasp.  While there was Morning and Evening in the Garden, time wasn’t a deadly, persistent menace ever dictating your movements and gradually sapping your strength; it wasn’t an enemy of mortality but rather a genial companion like the birds and the sky.  Glad was he to be living outside its reach once more, but that also meant he had much to learn about life outside the mortal sphere and even outside the Garden.  He looked hopefully at his companion, but Kipril glanced about even more awestruck than the former Gardener.  The boy had more experience as a Messenger, true, but he had actually had less experience in this strange world than Bayard.
“Is this Where I think it is?” asked Kipril in wonder.
“If you want to take up hedge trimming as an occupation,” began Bayard, “you couldn’t find a more pleasant place to go about it.”
“Are those mythic trees still here?” gasped the boy, in awe that he might be about to see something out of legend, little realizing that he himself was now something just as legendary.
“Yes,” said Bayard, “nothing really ever changes here, at least anything that truly matters, but I’m afraid you’ll be rather disappointed.  The tree that is now infamous amongst mortal men, the one that got our forebears into such trouble, is little more than a rather homely shrub.  The other, the one that grants eternal life, really isn’t any more grand than any other in the Garden, indeed, it is much more ominous and there is a dreadful feeling all about it, not to be found anywhere else in these bucolic surroundings.”
“Lead on,” said the boy, “however disappointed I am like to be, I should not like to miss such a spectacle even so.”
“Since we are in the neighborhood,” grinned the late gardener, “we might as well.  Besides, it will be interesting to walk these paths as an outsider.”
“It seems a wonderful place,” sighed Kipril in delight, “though I can see how you might find it rather lonely.  For all the splendor and peace, there’s no one to share it with.”
“I did have a fellow gardener for a very long time,” mused Bayard wistfully, “and He is often to be found in the unlikeliest of places, though little did I know His true significance in those days.  There are Bright Ones and Messengers and Fairyfolk who stray into the Garden now and again too, but yes, true human friends are rare indeed in this place.”
“Have you not forgotten someone?” came a hiss, as a large serpent slithered off an overhanging branch and draped itself familiarly around Bayard’s neck and shoulders.
“I wish no part in you,” said the boy stonily.
“Ah,” hissed the snake, “but you have no choice, all traitors belong to me!  But I am surprised that he has allowed you to return to this place, villain that you are.  But perhaps you have come of your own accord?”
“My business is none of yours, snake,” said Bayard coldly, “be gone from me.”
“No,” laughed the reptile derisively, “I shall do as it pleases me, most especially if you find it irksome.  And what of your little companion there?  Perhaps a new Gardener to keep the place up?  What business have you fellows in this place?  I have been here since nearly the Beginning and I know things that will be of great benefit to you, if only you will trust me.”
Bayard said nothing in reply, but merely motioned for Kipril to follow, wide eyed at this impertinent reptile and his companion’s equanimity at having such a being draped about his shoulders, as if it were of no more concern than a silk scarf!  But he held his questions and followed in silence, no longer so eager to see either tree of legend, as both paled in comparison and infamy to their new and unwelcome companion.  Bayard pointed out the Tree of Knowledge, homely and unassuming as he had promised, and then hastened off to the Tree of Life.
“Ah!” hissed the snake eagerly as he saw their destination, “That other shrub could little avail you, but this, this will grant you power indeed, my children!  And ever will I be there to guide and succor you into greatness and immortality.  The world shall be yours, as I promised long ago.”
Kipril’s eyes narrowed at this, he knew little of metaphysical philosophy, but he wasn’t quite sure the serpent’s expostulations made a whole lot of sense, at least to creatures of their curious nature.  Perhaps the tree could impart immortality to a mortal creature, but they were already beyond death, what more could the power of this particular tree do in their case?
Bayard stood beneath those ominous feeling boughs, knowing what he must do, but again conflicted within, for how many times would his duty and the Serpent’s desires be of one accord?  It was becoming rather a disturbing coincidence, if coincidence it was.  “Yes, boy, yes!” triumphed the snake, as Bayard reached to pluck the nearest piece of fruit, but his hand fell lifeless to his side at such encouragement.  What was he to do?  Kipril’s pensive frown deepened, as confused as his companion in what to make of such strange circumstances.
“Fear not to pick the fruit,” said a voice like Music itself.  The serpent hissed in outrage and fear even as both Messengers gasped in wonder, bowing deeply in awe to be so addressed by a Bright One.  Added the blindingly luminous being in hasty concern, “nay, nay do not bow to me, a mere servant like yourselves!  Your devotion belongs to our Master alone!”
The boys immediately snapped out of their bows, prompting an irritated hiss from the serpent at such sudden and erratic movements, and exchanged a rueful grin with one another and the Bright One, whose laughing eyes held nothing now but pure mirth, save a slight hint of disgust at the presence of the serpent in their midst.
Snarled the snake at the Bright One, “have you not more important things to be about?”
“No more than you,” replied the creature brightly.
“How can you even abide the presence of this Traitor?” hissed the snake, “The very one who betrayed your precious master to his death!”
“It was certainly a strange affair,” agreed the Bright One, “but He knows what must be and will be, who am I to question His will or how He chooses to manage creation?  Would you have me end as you?”
Spat the snake, “at least I have a mind of my own!”
“As do we all,” laughed the Bright One in amusement at the serpent’s pathetic attempts at an argument, “and we have chosen to be faithful.”
“What of this wretch then?” hissed the reptile, “He betrayed your master and is now intent on eating your precious fruit and yet you give him full leave to do so?”
“Eat it?” frowned the Bright One in perplexity, “Why ever would he want to do that?  He has no need of physical nourishment, there are far sweeter fruits in the Garden which he knows full well, and its more interesting nature would little avail him.”
“Because it is forbidden,” hissed the snake, “and by doing so, he can declare himself his own man and the world will tremble in terror when he comes again!”
The Bright One frowned the more, “I fear you are rather confused in this matter.  The tree is certainly forbidden to mortal creatures, but he is not a mortal creature.  He may eat of it, if that be his wish, or not, but that is not his present duty.”
“Yes!” hissed the snake, “Of course!  He will take it and give it to the man of my choosing!  Yes, yes, yes!”
During the snake’s expostulations, the Bright One exchanged a rather perplexed look with Bayard, “can you not do something about this pestiferous creature?”
“Can I?” queried the boy, hopeful to at last be rid of its irksome presence, “It will not go though I implore it to do just that.”
“Unveil your light,” laughed the Bright One, “you do not see it clinging to my shoulders now, do you?”
Suddenly remembering that glorious scene in the catacombs, he said in whispered awe and dread, “I did not realize it was possible, I thought it was only a reflection of His glory, in His very Presence...”
The Bright One shook his head in amusement, “I see you are still very new to this, you have not Always been as you are.  You must forgive me, for I little understand such matters, for the Bright Ones do not change.”  He glanced significantly at the serpent, still lost in his delusions of grandeur, “unless they wish to.”
The boys exchanged a grimace and a shudder at such a fate, but then smiled exuberantly and dropped their mortal guises, suddenly shining forth like stars amidst uttermost night.  The snake screeched in horror and pain, snarled some senseless threats and imprecations as it slithered away from the dreadful scene, and vanished therefrom.  The moment he was gone, the Messengers again assumed their more usual visage and looked upon the Bright One expectantly.
He smiled at them and nodded happily, “much better, that creature cannot abide our Master’s light.  Now have you any qualms about your quest?”
“No,” said Bayard, plucking a fruit and secreting it securely about his person, “I was only rather dismayed that the Serpent’s wishes and my own duty again seemed to agree, it is becoming quite a disconcerting habit.”
Suddenly the Magpie was on his shoulder, saying in a lilting chuckle, “fear not child, I shall never lead you astray!  No matter if it makes no sense whatsoever, you need not fear to do what you Know you must.  Sometimes things grow dark or chaotic ere the dawn, but ever am I with you.”  He was gone as suddenly as He had come; the three exchanged a glorious smile and vanished themselves.

“So this is your plan then?” scoffed that dread fowl, a raven that was no bird, from an overhead branch.
Bayard bowed his head, “it is my duty, and no plan of my own making.  Do you not yet understand Whose I am?”
“All I know is that you are a traitor and now a thief!” huffed the fell avian thing, “And why he does not hand you over to me as you deserve, I cannot fathom?  You might spare yourself a little misery by coming willingly, for in the end I shall have you regardless.”  Bayard could only shake his head in mystification and continue on his way, the thing’s horrible, taunting laughter dogging the steps of his retreat.
Kipril shook his head in wonder, “why is he so persistent in his pursuit of you?  Does he not realize you are a lost cause, at least from his own perspective?”
Bayard smiled grimly, “who is to say that I will not desire my own will above all else, as he himself did long ago?  Since he did so, he cannot fathom why others aren’t equally eager to do the same.  And as a traitor himself, he cannot comprehend another such clinging to our supposedly hopeless cause, a cause he abandoned ere the worlds were made.”
“That explains that,” said Kipril with a nod, but his face was troubled as he glanced about at the uninviting wood around them, bitter with uncounted years, “now what are we about?”
Bayard withdrew the fabulous fruit from his pocket, it looked a veritable jewel amidst that dark and dank wood, saying quietly, “we must get this to one who desperately needs it.”
“Where are we?” asked Kipril.
“The Fairywood,” said Bayard, “I sojourned for an hour or two upon its brink, in another age of the world, but was hardly conscious at the time.  It is the place where all manner of fabulous and immortal folk dwell away from mortal men.”
Kipril frowned in consternation, “if they are immortal creatures, what use could they have for your little prize there?”
Said Bayard, “they might have the ability to live forever, suffering neither old age nor natural disease, but they can still die by accident, injury, or malice.  We are come to correct a severe case of the latter.”
“I don’t like the feel of this place,” said Kipril, “perhaps I am being ridiculous but I don’t think these trees like us.”
“They don’t” said Bayard, “they can hardly stand themselves and have had eons to dwell upon that wretched thought and naught else.  Hating us is the only relief they can find.  They will tolerate the fairyfolk, but only because they must.  Mortals who tread these paths are doomed.  They know not what to make of us: men who cannot die!”
“I always thought this Fairywood, if it truly existed, would be a far more cheerful place, more like that Garden of yours, bright with sunshine and birdsong, where Spring walks incarnate,” sighed Kipril wistfully.
“That was the Master’s intent,” said Bayard quietly, “but they, like mortal men, have made their choices and this is the result.  You have seen how far Man has fallen since the Garden; the Fairyfolk are no different.”
“Must He die for them too?” queried Kipril in wonder.
“I believe He has paid the ransom for us all,” said Bayard eagerly, consciously having to maintain his benign visage when his whole being instinctively wanted to glow in jubilation.
“That’s a relief,” grinned Kipril ruefully, “I’d rather not have to go through that again for every people, tribe, race, and world!”
“Who knows what happens in other worlds, planes, and realities,” grinned Bayard, “but for those of us associated with this one, His sacrifice, once for all, is sufficient.”  He said no more, for suddenly the dismal wood was filled with angry voices, the clack of weapons, and the hurrying of many feet.  The Messengers exchanged a grim smile and raised their empty hands in surrender.

He lay tossing and groaning in his bed, like a mortal lad with some dreadful fever, but the elves never took ill.  It could be nothing but dark sorcery that brought the sweat to his brow and pallor to his hollow cheeks.  And his folk could do nothing for him, nothing but mutter darkly and inwardly quiver in dread while his mother helplessly sat beside his bed, day and night, praying that some miracle might indeed spare her little son.  The fact that she was actually praying was astonishing indeed, for long ago the elves had abandoned their need and desire for anyone or thing but themselves.  They were sufficient unto themselves and that’s all they needed or desired, or so they thought, but that desperate little mother suddenly found herself thinking quite the opposite.  If there was no answer in elvendom, could there be one without?
So it was she turned to the one Source that might avail her, to the One, though her folk had abandoned Him long ago, perhaps His mercy was still as great and patient as the ancient songs told.  So it was, hour after hour, she wept out her grief and sorrow and angst, hoping He still might hear, even though her people had long ago given up trying to speak to Him or listen to His voice and guiding.  Outside, a grim raven sat on a limb and laughed at her futility and misery.

The surrounding elves spoke in their own odd tongue, but the boys had no difficulty understanding it, thanks to their peculiar nature.  They were arguing amongst themselves what was best to be done with the trespassers, whether to leave them to the foul mercies of the Wood, to kill them outright, or to take them to the Elf King as prisoners.
Bayard settled their controversy by speaking up and nearly earned himself a spear through the heart for his trouble, said he, ignoring the angry looks and threatening weapons, “we are neither trespassers nor villains, my good elves.  Do not trouble yourselves overmuch with us.  We have come to give respite to one of your young ones, and once this is accomplished, we shall be gone from your borders.”
“How do you speak our language, stranger?” snarled the leader of the little band, “And how have you come this far into the Wood unhindered?  How is it you have the audacity to think you can help us by any means?”
“I, in myself, am nothing,” said he quietly, “my Master’s grace is everything in this matter.  There is a grieved little mother amongst you, and my Master has seen fit to answer her most desperate prayer.”
“And how do you propose to get anywhere near her?” scoffed the elf captain.
Bayard allowed a bit of that deadly light to shine through his benign visage, said he, quietly, as a pouncing cat is quiet, “how do you propose to stop us?”
The captain yelled at his men to seize or kill the intruders, whatever they must, but to stop them at any cost.  The elves seemed to go mad, either at the order or Bayard’s uncanny display, but either way, they leapt upon the two boys, weapons at the fore.  But the Messengers merely stood there, glowing slightly amid the ambient gloom, as weapons and hands passed harmlessly through their persons, as if they were wrought of naught but mist and moonshine.  The pair exchanged an eager smile, nodded curtly at the distraught elves, and continued on their way, as if the interlude had never been, leaving the gaping and stymied elves silent in their wake.
A little more walking brought them to the abode of the aggrieved mother and her feverish little boy.  They knocked after the manner of men, little knowing the proper customs of the elvenfolk, but it worked, as absolute curiosity drew her from her child’s bedside to the door, whereat stood as bland a pair of mortal children as ever walked the earth.  This in itself was enough to stagger that poor creature, how had such innocuous and hapless youths found their way into the very heart of elvendom unscathed?
Bayard smiled gently at her grief and confusion, taking the fruit from his pocket, he said, “here madam, is the cure you seek for your son.  Take it with my Master’s blessing.”
She took the delicious smelling fruit, a smile lighting her countenance for the first time in living memory, and said quietly, “who is your Master, child?”
Bayard bowed deeply and said, “He whom your people forsook in the morning of Time, but Who still waits patiently for the day when they might turn back to Him.”
“I don’t know about the rest of my folk,” said she, “but I shall again seek Him.”
Bayard’s smile was more radiant than the sun in its rising over a grey and weary land, “then your Joy shall be greater even than that which you now feel at the prospect of your son’s healing.”
“Will you not...” began she, but trailed off as the pair suddenly vanished, only to be replaced by the thump and hurry of many booted feet as the harried pursuers came too late.  She saw their grim faces and as they eyed the precious object in her hands, she swiftly shut the door and bolted to her son’s bedside, ere they could take it from her.  Merely the scent of the fruit drove the specter of death from that room, and hurriedly did she give the suddenly conscious and cognizant boy a bite of the marvelous gift, even as the feet of the guardsmen sounded loud in the room.
“What have you done?” said the captain in disgust and horror.
“My son shall live!” triumphed she.
“Through necromancy of the worst sort,” hissed he.
“Because of the Master’s grace,” countered she.
“Exactly,” spat he, “it would have been better for the child to die than to have to depend on outsiders for our succor!”
“Have we indeed grown so heartless?” asked she of nobody in particular.
“Some of you,” chirruped a magpie upon the windowsill, “but then it is the choice of every thinking being, whether he or she will become utterly heartless or kindness itself.”
“You must leave this place,” spat the captain, “before worse comes of it.”
“But where shall we go?” sighed the stricken mother, having gained her son but lost her people.
“I know a Garden,” sang the Bird.
“Indeed!” said she in unfeigned Joy, “Then let us away from this place of coldness and isolation.”  She took her son’s hand, nodded curtly at the guards, and vanished as the magpie lit on her shoulder.
“Infidels,” muttered the captain darkly, and the King was no happier when the news was brought to him, but the father of the child, who had been absent at the time, was grieved to find his little family suddenly gone and went in search of them, no matter that the King decreed any further mention or thought of the woman or her spawn would result in immediate banishment, or worse.

He sat upon the edge of the river, tears in his eyes, watching it flow indifferently by, wishing he could know such peace or at least such apathy, for his heart was wretched within him and life hardly worth the living.  The sound of feet upon the stony bank brought him back from his disquiet thoughts as he looked up into the compassionate face of a young man.  Said the boy, as if musing to himself, “I too lost my family somewhere along this very river.”
“What did you do?” sighed he, as if his very heart might break, “How did you go on?”
“Did you not speak out upon my behalf, a half drowned and nearly frozen child,” said Bayard quietly, “and bear me to safety and succor?”
The elf blinked in wonder, “so there are more than ghosts haunting that old tower?”
The boy smiled like Joy itself, “only mysteries and wonders beyond comprehension, nothing to be feared by those who come humbly.”
“I want that,” said the elf wistfully, “whatever it is that makes you smile so!”
“That is a very good thing,” grinned the boy, more impish than the pixie folk of that name, “for my Master calls you to Himself.”
The elf blinked in astonishment, “death?”
“It is but a door,” said the boy with a shrug, “were you not just mulling over the futility of life, and worse, a life without end?  In which your sorrow could find no solace?”
“I was at that!” said he wryly, “Very well, show me what you will.”
It was Bayard’s turn to blink in astonishment, “no demands to know what lies ahead, or bargaining for your lost family?”
“Would it avail me?” asked he.
“No,” said the boy with a rueful smile, “I have never encountered such humility or faith amongst mortal men or your own folk.”
“When one has lost everything,” sighed he, “he would be a fool to think himself anything at all.”
“Come then,” said the boy, holding out a glowing hand.
His eyes narrowed as he tentatively reached towards Bayard’s proffered limb, “wonders indeed!”  They vanished in a flash of brilliant light the moment their hands touched and the next stood within the lower courtyard of those ridiculous stairs.
Said the boy, “as you left me, so too do I leave you!  Fear nothing, do not look back, and ever trust!”  With that he vanished anew, leaving the elf to shake his head in astonishment as he placed his foot upon the first step of that endless stair, wondering what adventures might await him thereupon.

Bayard appeared in the Garden, where he had left Kipril, the elf woman, and her son.  She smiled upon his return, and said, “what a lovely place this is!  It almost minds me of what the ancient legends of my people say the Wood was like in forgotten years.”
“So too speak our legends, milady,” said Bayard wistfully, “for verily this is lost Paradise.  Whereas man was cast out of his first home, yours declined into a place of sorrow through many a bitter year.  Such is the lot of all who forsake the Master.”
“What is to come of us here?” asked she.
“Every garden needs a keeper,” said Bayard, “at least if that is of interest to you?”
“Indeed!” said she, all excitement, “It is just the thing!”  Her countenance fell, “but what of my husband?”
“I do not doubt you will be seeing him again very soon,” replied Bayard mysteriously.
Kipril arched an eyebrow, “what have you been up to, sir?”
“Just setting a certain elf the task of climbing an impossible stair,” grinned the Messenger as only a happily naughty child can.
“What are you saying?” asked she in perplexity at their banter.
“He’s trying to recruit your husband into our nonsensical occupation,” said Kipril with a dramatic roll of his eyes.
“To aid others as you have helped us?” queried she.
“Exactly,” agreed Bayard.
“How splendid,” sighed she wistfully, adding, “but I suppose we cannot be as we were?”
“Nay lady,” said Bayard solemnly, “the more material aspects of your relationship are past, but he shall still be company for you and a father to his child.”
Both Kipril and the lady stared at him as if he was mad, prompting a laugh which only deepened their concern, said the boy when his mirth was finally contained, “Time is nothing in the Garden nor to a Messenger, he can quite literally be in two places at once: with his family here and helping others elsewhere.”
Kipril shook his head, concerned it might explode, but said with a flummoxed grin, “someday I hope to wrap my own mind around such a concept, how confusing this must seem to you lady, stranger that you are to such metaphysical physics!”
Bayard barked a laugh at her knowing smile, saying to his friend, “alas Kipril, she has a better comprehension of this matter than you have given her credit for, for such is no wonder to a denizen of the Fairywood, only we poor mortals suffer from such consternation upon such a topic!”
“Indeed, my friends,” said the elven Messenger with a laugh, “but I fear you are mortals no longer and thus without excuse!”  His imminent mirth was cut short with a gasp of pure joy as he glimpsed his bride, smiling like morning herself, and his little son scampering about in the bloom of health amidst that verdant paradise.
“Welcome home sir,” said Bayard with joyful tears in his voice, he shared a knowing smile with Kipril, who added, “welcome home indeed!”  With a final salute, they vanished, leaving the little family alone.

“You think you can defy me like this and get away with it?” squawked that infernal raven angrily from his perch upon a crumbling window in the face of a derelict old castle.
“I can do naught but my Master’s will,” said Bayard quietly.
“You are mine Betrayer!” scoffed that dreadful bird, “I have given you time enough to come to me willingly but you would not; now I shall take what is mine!”
“He is not yours,” hissed the Magpie, swooping out of the trees and lighting on the contested boy’s shoulder.
“He betrayed you!” spat the raven, “He is mine!”
“I told him to,” said the Magpie, preening Himself as if this conversation were of no import whatsoever, “and the culmination of that little event means that all traitors, betrayers, and malcontents are free to come to Me, for have I not paid the price for their treachery?”
“Must you rub salt in that wound also!” hissed the horrid fowl.
“You’re the one who brought it up,” countered the Magpie, “now leave him be.”
“Very well,” snapped the raven, “I will harry your pet no more upon this particular topic but I shall feel free to meddle as I will, as ever I have!”
“Then you had best be about it, Fiend, for the hour grows late!” triumphed the Magpie, as the raven squawked disconsolately and flapped off into the dank woods.  He cocked his head at the malingering Messengers, who shared an immense, impish grin, and likewise vanished about their duties, leaving that old ruin to molder in silence.

“I’m glad to be free of him!” said Bayard to Kipril, as they walked along an empty, winding road as twilight descended upon the hills about them.
“Perhaps his peculiar interest in your more interesting activities of late, yes,” agreed Kipril, “but I fear none of us shall be free of him or his minions until the Day when our Master puts evil in its proper place forever.”
“That’s what I meant,” sighed Bayard with a rueful grin, “but I suppose not exactly what I said.”  Changing the subject, he asked, “so what of all these uncanny skills you were set to teach me?”
Kipril shook his head in wonder, “you’ve been doing a splendid job of figuring them out for yourself, my friend.  I fear the only one of us learning anything on this foray is me!”
“At least you are learning something then,” grinned Bayard.
Kipril scratched his chin thoughtfully, “or perhaps I am experiencing things beyond mortal ken and thus my perspective is beginning to change rather than that I am growing in personal virtue?”
“That makes a bit more sense,” agreed Bayard, “our sinful nature perished with our mortal flesh but likely our personality quirks remain, and having finally experienced a few things beyond what you knew everyday in mortal life, perhaps you are finally learning to think before you act, for now you feel the full weight and significance of living beyond mortality, whereas under Garren’s tutelage, life was very little different from what you had always known, save the goat.”
“I wonder what ever came of that rapscallionous little beast?” mused Kipril with a wistful smile.
“Kipril!” came a wondering voice, “Is it truly you?”
“Yes,” said he, his strange vision easily penetrating the darkness to discover the speaker, one of his younger cousins, previously too young to get tangled up in the drama that had swept first the lonely hills and then the entire Province.
“Come!” said he, all eagerness, “You must come and tell us all the tale!  We’ve heard such strange and dreadful rumors!”  Before he could answer, a plaintive bleat came out of the darkness and a familiar little quadruped ambled up to him.  Sighed the shepherd lad, “there you are, you horrid thing!  Do you know the chase you’ve led me today?  We’ll be lucky to get home before everyone is abed!”  The Messengers exchanged a grin and followed the odd pair back to the place where this whole adventure had begun.

Kipril was not sure he was eager to face his extended family again, after everything, most had rejected Him, seeing no honor in a native son of questionable origins, though many folk from the other Hill Clans had taken a great interest in the furor, but what had happened since?  His curiosity alone would have driven him thither if his duty had not.  A shudder assaulted his spine, was the Fiend intent on revenge upon those who had fostered his greatest Enemy?  Bayard said quietly, as if reading his mind, “we do not appear in places idly, if we are here, soon there will be a very good reason for our presence, which must be a very bad thing for your folk.”
He made no reply, for the lights of the little settlement appeared in the vale below as they crested the hill.  “It is strange to come home,” mused Kipril.
Bayard’s smile was wistful and mysterious, “but this is no longer your Home, my friend.  It may perhaps be pleasant to visit or tread again its paths in memory, but it will never again be home.  That is wherever our Master is.”
The boy ran ahead but the goat lingered behind, as if he had missed his former master.  There were sounds of uproar and surprise in the village as people spilled forth into the night, lanterns and torches in hand, to stare into the darkness as the advent of one of their lost sons, said to have met a dreadful end at the hands of the provincial governor, was made known to them.  “It’s him,” gasped one matron, “but how can this be?”
“He’s no ghost at least,” said her husband, “but what of the tales we’ve heard?”
“The whole lot of them are dead and buried,” scowled an ancient uncle.
Kipril grinned in spite of himself, “do I look like a disinterred corpse?  Indeed my Master was dead, but death cannot hold Him!  Nor do mortal men die and cease to be, but to find true Life you must seek the One who has conquered Death.”
“It’s him alright,” muttered the same grey-bearded old bachelor, “he goes on as foolishly as any of that lot.  It had been better if ye stayed dead lad!  Do you want to bring the Governor’s wrath down upon our heads too?”
“Is it kindness to let you die in ignorance and face eternal darkness thereafter?” queried the boy in wonder that his folk were not dancing and singing in joy to hear his news.
Bayard put a reassuring hand on his friend’s shoulder, saying quietly, “they do not understand and are still blinded by their mortal prejudices and fears and assumptions.  They have not lived the tale as we have, nor have they seen things beyond this world.”
Kipril smiled sadly, “they are as blind as I when I thought you a right villain.”
Bayard laughed, “and you did not even have the excuse of mortality!”
He smiled ruefully and nodded, “they must have time to learn, discover, and truly See, only then can hearts be changed.”
Bayard nodded happily, “at this rate your apprenticeship will be over in a matter of days.”
Kipril shook his head, “and I suppose you never had a need for one?”
Bayard grinned heartily, “I think we both had great need of mutual fellowship and a few things we might learn from one another as we began our new occupation, but I doubt either of us truly needed an apprenticeship, at least as mortal men speak of such things.”
“Why must you ever make sense?” sighed Kipril in feigned exaggeration, “You sound just like Garren.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” grinned the aforementioned sensible one, but there came no answer as they all four were lost for a moment in mutual greetings before turning their attention to the entire populous of the little village, as it had now gathered before them during their brief preoccupation.
“They don’t look happy to see us,” said Kyan in growing dread.
Bayard could not help but smile, “and what do you suppose they can do to you?”
“True,” grinned the boy, “you’ve already had my head off, what worse can they do to me?”
Garren shook his head, “your banter is not helping anything, lads, Kyan is right, they are far from eager to see us again, but if our mission is to succeed, we must get them to at least tolerate our presence amongst them.”
“Where’s that cousin of yours?” asked Bayard of Kipril, “He at least seemed happy to see you again.”
Kipril searched the grim faced crowd, the flickering light of the torches giving them an infernal look, until at last he found the rather embarrassed and anxious cousin somewhere in the middle back.  Bayard followed his gaze, and faster than thought, vanished and reappeared beside the unhappy boy who could not fathom such a greeting for his long sundered kinsman.  There were no flashes of light or other distractions to accompany Bayard’s antics, and in the darkness, no one seemed to notice he had gone missing or appeared suddenly in the thick of the crowd.
Said Bayard to the boy, proffering his hand, “do you want to help your cousin and all your folk thereby?”  The boy grinned, still not understanding such a reception, but knowing innately that he could trust this man and that he wanted to help everybody concerned, he took the man’s hand and they reappeared suddenly amidst those Bayard had just left.
Garren nodded his approval and asked of the lad, “remember me?”
“Certainly sir,” said the boy, grinning gleefully upon sighting Kyan too, “how can I help?”
“Can you calm your folk down?” asked Garren.
“I doubt it,” said the boy, “I don’t understand it, not in the least.”
“They’ve heard dreadful rumors no doubt,” said Kyan, “and want no part in us or our trouble, especially if the rumors are true.”
“Are they?” said a firm, grim voice, as the leader of the little clan finally stepped forth, lantern in hand, to confront the intruders.
“That depends upon what you’ve heard,” said Garren, continuing his tradition of sensibleness.
“You’re all supposed to be dead,” said the man, “for treason and rabble rousing.  But then there are also tales that the ringleader didn’t stay long in his grave and has proclaimed himself the way to true life.  What have you to say about that?”
“We’re not ghosts,” said Garren, holding out his hand that the other might feel the warmth and strength and solidity thereof, “and He is the way, the truth, and the life, for any who believe and follow Him.  He was most certainly dead and now He isn’t”
“What of the rest of you?” asked he sternly.
“We are but the least of His servants,” grinned Garren, “what matters our own tale when His is so wonderful?”
“As it seems you are neither wandering spirits nor villains intent on mischief,” said the man thoughtfully, “I suppose we may at least hear you out, for we must deal with these tales in one way or another, and standing about in the dark is getting us nowhere and will likely only end in more tragedy.  Come!”  He motioned for them to follow and the entire clan withdrew to the dell wherein such councils were held.  They were all seated on the sides of the ringing hills while lamps were placed around the rim to illuminate the speaker.  Said the chief man, “my friends, we will now hear what these enigmatic visitors have to say for themselves and then we must decide, as a whole, what is to be done about the strange tales in which they have found themselves entangled.”
He motioned and Garren stood forth, telling the tale in its entirety, at least all that was appropriate for mortal ears, and then motioning for Kipril and Kyan to tell their side of things to their own kin.  When all and sundry had finished, the man stood forth once more, looking at the intruders with a pensive frown, and said, “either we must believe what we have just heard in its entirety or dismiss it all as hearsay, but let us take the night and mull over it and gather again in the morning to discuss what we have just heard.  I bid you goodnight!”
The crowd dispersed slowly, their minds busy with what they had just heard and from such a source!  The chief said, “you may stay with me this night, for there is much I would ask you.”  They exchanged a warm smile and followed him back to his home, empty now that his wife was dead and his children were grown.  They talked long into the night of all that mattered most in the world and beyond it.  In the morning, his folk gathered early to hear what would come of the matter.  “Well?” queried he of the silent and pensive throng, “What think you of these uncanny messengers from beyond the grave?”
Said a certain irascible old bachelor, “I for one am glad they didn’t stay dead!”  At this outburst from such a source, the whole community broke out in a raucous cheer.  
Beamed the man at his uncanny companions, “it seems you have your answer...ugh!”  He fell with an arrow in his back even as the sun crested the rise and betrayed bowmen standing, with arrows nocked, upon the hills all around them with twice their number of swordsmen ready to dash into the dell and deal out death in the morning.
“This little insurrection must end,” said a man in the uniform of the Provincial Governor, as he descended into the dell.  He glared at Kyan, Garren, and Kipril, saying, “these men I personally witnessed being put to death,” he turned upon Bayard and said, “and you!  You were the Governor’s most trusted servant and here I find you furthering this insurrection he personally charged you with squelching?  You betrayed their leader to his death and now you are in the very midst of it?  We thought you killed or captured in the fiasco surrounding the burial of the fellow and the rumors that he did not stay dead.  What is the meaning of all this?”
“Life,” said Bayard, allowing a glimmer of light to suffuse his being, like the morning sun gleaming into the dell below, “we have come to turn the world upside down!  What you know as the End, death, is but the Beginning of greater things.  My friends and Master were indeed dead, but what is that to Him?  Come, taste of true Life and Light and Joy!  We are no threat to your Governor, indeed, the message we bring can only increase the order, peace, and efficiency of any given kingdom.”
The man actually sat, dropping suddenly like a stone, and staring up at the strange, wonderful faces around him, each now alight with Joy itself.  He wanted that, more than he had ever wanted anything.  He had hoped his service with the Governor might bring him that, but it only brought emptiness and misery.  He retained enough semblance of mind to motion for his men to drop their weapons and join the folk huddled anxiously in the bottom of the little vale.  Completely perplexed, but obedient to their commander, they did just that and Garren held forth once more to soldier and shepherd alike.  Not a man of the company had the heart to return to their former master, for they had found a new and a better One that day.
As evening gathered, they withdrew inside to continue their discussion, the shepherd folk inviting the soldiers into their homes and lives from that day forth.  The Messengers remained outside in the gloom of a starless evening, feeling that there was yet something to be done but not knowing quite what.  “A pity the chief couldn’t see this,” sighed Kipril.
“Indeed,” agreed the man himself, and with a broad grin of amusement at their shock and joy, he added, “but I believe we can soon rectify that little problem.  At least I now have an answer to one of the riddles: how do the dead live again?  Now what are we standing about here for when all sensible folk are indoors?”
Garren drew his sword, “I believe that is another mystery we are about to solve.”  Catching his mood and the sudden change in atmosphere about the little village, as if a cloud of pure evil had descended upon it, the others all did likewise.
Bayard exchanged an eager grin with Kipril, saying, “now let’s see how good you are against an actual foe!”
A great ugly raven laughed harshly overhead as evil things broke cover and rushed out of the night, but the Messengers soon reduced them to piles of charred bone and wisps of acrid smoke that vanished on a refreshing breeze that also drove the veiling clouds away, revealing the unsullied beauty of the stars.  “That was an excellent start, my friends,” said Garren with a hearty chuckle, “but come, we have work to do!”  He vanished in a flash of light, as did each of his companions, the immediate danger past for that particular village, but a whole world lying open and vulnerable to the depredations of a war that had raged since the dawn of time, but they stood not alone.




Lightwalker

“Can you do nothing about that Prince?” hissed the highly irritated voice, “Our master is far from pleased that you have failed so utterly in so simple a task!”
“The boy is no problem in and of himself,” said the other defensively, “if he would but surround himself with the right people, his corruption would be swift and complete, but he refuses to keep company with any but his one true friend.  He happily falls in with the habits and virtues or vices of those around him, as easily blown about as a leaf on the wind.  It is that thrice cursed friend that keeps the Prince from falling into utter dissolution.”
“One of our Enemy’s creatures?” snarled the first.
“That’s the worst of it,” grumped the second, “he is as happy a materialist as ever there was, but he holds himself to such a standard as would make any of the Enemy’s minions mad with envy!  His father is just such a disgusting wretch, and while the son abhors the old man’s ‘folly,’ as he calls it, he idealizes and imitates his father’s upstanding integrity.”
“So why can you not dispose of or corrupt the fellow, thus allowing your Prince to fall in with companions more to our liking?” growled the first.
“I have tried everything to corrupt the wretch,” sighed the second, “but he will not deign to so degrade himself.  It would be a pity to destroy such a thoroughly happy heretic, but I suppose there is no other alternative?”
“I must see this enigmatic creature for myself,” said the first eagerly, “I am thoroughly curious.  If he must be got rid of, I’ll take care of it, but perhaps we can make something useful of him after all.  Keep an eye on that Prince, and once his darling friend is out of the way, throw a few choice companions in his path and I think we’ll all be quite satisfied.”  The speaker vanished without another word.
The second was left alone to mutter, “he gets to have all the fun.”  Before drifting away himself.

“Planning on dancing with anyone in particular tonight?” asked Prince Ithril, with a teasing smile, of his dearest friend and confidant as they prepared for yet another Royal Ball.
Bayard shook his head and smiled wryly, “you know there isn’t.”  His smile became villainous, “besides, what lady in her right mind would pursue the only son of an impoverished minor lord when there is an unattached Prince to be won?  You can’t expect me to dance with a mad woman now, could you?”
“I suppose not,” said the Prince with a grimace at this reminder of what the night would entail, on his part at least, “at least you might meet a girl who likes you for you, rather than for your crown or title or supposed wealth or what not.”
Bayard smiled ruefully, “that is a solace at least, for I am in desperate want of what not.”
They exited the room and made their way down the corridor to where their guests waited below; the Prince gazed over the balustrade at the variously elegant or gaudy apparel of the occupants of the lavishly decorated hall and wondered aloud, “what is it all about?  Is there any point or meaning in any of it?”
Bayard could not help but smile, “come Highness, just before a ball is no time to be pondering such philosophical conundrums, let it wait until you are old and bedridden with the gout, then you’ll have time enough to wrestle with the meaning of life.  For now, let us be content to ‘eat, drink, and be merry,’ for we are young and have our entire lives before us.”
“It is rather an inopportune time for such considerations at that,” said he with a laugh, “but perhaps a more worthwhile exercise than dancing with every unattached maid in the Kingdom.”
“Happily that is your pleasure and not mine,” said Bayard with a smile, “though I don’t plan on turning philosopher this night either.  I’ll simply have to take refuge at the dessert table.”
“Cad,” said the Prince, “heartless wretch!  Whyever do I tolerate your presence?”
“An excellent question, Highness,” said Bayard with an impish smile, “thankfully, you will very soon be relieved of it and given a bevy of brainless young ladies in my stead.”  With this farewell, Bayard made his parting courtesies, leaving the Prince to greet his eager guests, while he surreptitiously took up a position near a table nearly groaning under the weight of a myriad assortment of confections.  It might be a very long night for both of them.  He watched the Prince dance with girl after girl, while carefully avoiding any such entanglement himself, but he had to admit, if only to himself, he was bored out of his skull, at least the Prince was doing something.
Just then, a rather mysterious individual sidled up beside him, as if in answer to some unspoken prayer, not that he believed in that sort of thing, and said in a bland voice that could not completely conceal the fellow’s satirical humor, “how utterly enthralling, this twirling about in endless circles for the entirety of the night, why the only thing more pleasant is to stand here and watch them do it.”
Bayard eyed the fellow curiously, a half smile on his lips in appreciation of their shared sentiments, but he could make little of the man, for his face and features were lost in the shadowy depths of his great hat and high collar, yet there was a feel about the man that made the young lord very uneasy, as if he were consorting with a villain of great infamy, but he put no stock in such feelings and gave the man the benefit of the doubt, “my feelings exactly, sir.”
They then fell to chatting, commenting upon that person’s attire, or the utter lack of propriety with which a certain lady sought the Prince’s attention, or fell to laughing over some brilliantly witty observation, usually on the side of the shadowy stranger, for Bayard could not in good conscience make such mean and belittling remarks himself and goggled at his own good-humored tolerance of such a sharp-tongued companion for the majority of the evening, but he had never passed such a tedious night half so pleasantly before, but at last his scruples got the better of him and he remarked, somewhat regretfully to the stranger, “I must beg your pardon sir, I have thoroughly enjoyed our conversation, but sadly it is not of a nature that I can in good conscience continue.  I bid you good evening.”
He felt the stranger’s cruel eyes and cold, mocking smile upon him, “what?  Does my idle prattle offend you sir?  A pity, for I had thought we were getting on quite well together, but there will still be time for you to change your mind in future.  And in parting, I leave you with this little token.”  He removed his glove, revealing not a gentleman’s fine hand but rather skeletal fingers wrought of dark smoke.  Bayard was too surprised and horrified to cry out or move, but rather stood there, entranced, as the villain gently stroked the boy’s cheek, the caress had all the bite of a bitter winter’s wind, and then he was gone, vanishing into the swirling throng, before his former companion could recover himself.
Bayard gazed after the fled villain and frowned, shook himself out of his stupor, and tried to find the Prince amidst the whirling dancers.  His Majesty still twirled about, happily ignorant of the uncanny experience of his friend, who could only shake his head in wonder.  He did not believe in the supernatural, had no need for such things, but whatever had just happened, it certainly had no natural explanation.  He was ready enough to admit that there might be other so-called magical races and creatures in the world, but only in so far as they were merely beyond human comprehension and not truly possessed of what one might call magic, rather their so-called magic was either wishful thinking or a misunderstanding on the part of mankind.  The Prince had just the book, a complete exposé on the creatures of myth and legend, and once this regrettable ball was finished, he’d have a good look at it and discover the truth behind his uncanny companion.
He could not, however, repress the shiver that ran up his spine, for no matter how much his mind was determined to find a rational explanation, he knew whatever had just happened, was beyond the means of the natural sciences or human reason to explain, but he kept telling himself there was an explanation, there must be!  Perhaps he had just had too much to drink and the overwhelming heat and mingled sweat and perfumes had momentarily overpowered his senses.  That must be it, but he raised a cautious hand to his cheek, which still stung, as if severely frostbitten, but he would not admit there were any lingering effects, evidence as it was, not yet.  There must be an answer, something completely logical and reasonable.  He would not even think what it might mean if there was not.
When next the Prince withdrew from the reeling mass to quench his thirst and catch his breath, Bayard pounced upon him, happy for this relief from his troubled contemplations.  “You look dreadful!” said the Prince in surprise, “I’m the one who’s been doing all the hard work this evening but you look as if the exertions were all your own.  You had best go to bed!”
“Gladly!” said Bayard in reply, “But I wouldn’t dare leave this enchanting gala without your leave though I feel the most terrible headache coming on.  Might I borrow a certain book from your personal library tonight?”
The Prince wanted to laugh at Bayard’s forced mirth, but his friend was so pale and wide-eyed that he could do naught but say, “do whatever you must to put your heart and mind at ease, sir, for I fear this is no mere malady of the flesh that besets you.  Could I be of some use or solace?”
Bayard shook his head adamantly, “nay Sire, it would be a scandal were you to leave so soon, rather I have much to consider and no little study to be about and that I must do alone.  I will consult you upon it tomorrow at your earliest convenience however.”
“Very well,” said the thoroughly unconvinced Prince, “but at my earliest convenience, mind!”
“Certainly,” said Bayard with a faint smile, nearly toppling as he bowed himself from the Royal presence.  The Prince shook his head in concern, but could no longer ignore the call of duty upon his person and quite uneagerly rejoined the otherwise merry throng once more.

Bayard crept back to the Prince’s quarters and found the book in question, secreting it beneath his finery, he hastened back to his own room to peruse the volume.  It was a splendid piece of work, each book meticulously copied and illustrated by the author, as no legitimate publisher would touch such a subject with so little hope of recouping their expenses thereupon.  They had met the man himself one day as he passed through the city, spending a few days hawking his book in the marketplace before moving on to the next bastion of civilization and literate folk who might be curious enough to buy a copy or two.  The Prince was enthralled from the first, but Bayard had little interest in the subject, but allowed that it seemed a well written, if a bit fantastic, piece of work.  The Prince had meant to read it cover to cover, but soon forgot about it and Bayard did not bother to remind him of his intentions.  So it sat untouched on the shelf, with many other tomes of equal interest, also forgotten.
Lighting a candle and plopping himself down in the nearest chair, Bayard began to peruse the book, skipping whole sections devoted to elves and fairies and gnomes, ignoring the dragons and unicorns, until he came to the section dedicated to the darker and more mysterious creatures supposedly encountered by the intrepid author.  Wraiths, yes, perfect!  Bayard slumped back as he finished reading the brief account, a shiver again accosting his spine as he studied the diagram of a skeletal phantasm wrought of dark mist.  It could be nothing else, but could the man have the right of it?  Was it not a simple imaginative exercise on his part to increase the interest and profits of his work?
Worse, the attributes described as belonging to the fell creatures were something not of this world, at least not this particular physical reality.  He had no interest in the supernatural!  No use for things beyond mortal ken, yet here he was, seemingly trapped in the very middle of it!  Why could such things not just leave him alone as he had ever ignored them?  No, it could not be true.  It was all just a bad dream, perhaps something at supper had disagreed with him?  Yes!  He would go to bed and everything would be brighter in the morning.
Except it wasn’t.  His mind still reeled with the implications of the previous night while the place on his face that the fiend had touched was grey, cold, and lifeless, worse, he had noticed two or three more spots in various other places as well.  He couldn’t go out in public, not like this!  Not even to keep his appointment with the Prince, he must feign illness until he could figure out what was to be done.  Surely the wounds would heal in time.  He climbed into bed and drew up the covers, told his servant that he was ill and asked that his excuses be made to the Prince, but said Prince was not one to leave such a dear friend in dire straits, so immediately after breakfast, he hied himself off to visit his stricken friend.
Bayard groaned, but could not deny the Prince an audience, he did however burrow beneath the covers that none might see his disfigured countenance.  The Prince dashed concernedly into the room, but stopped suddenly and took a step back, feeling some menace or air of unwelcome hovering about his friend.  “What is wrong?” asked the Prince quietly.
Bayard said wretchedly, from beneath the concealing blankets, “I am ill, terribly so, and do not know when, if ever, I shall again leave my rooms.”
“Can nothing be done?” asked the Prince hopefully, “Have you sent for the physician?”
“No!” said Bayard adamantly, “And I will not see him should he come, I must suffer through this alone.”
“But?!” said the Prince plaintively.
“NO!” said Bayard with all the vehemence in his possession, “Just let me be!”
“Very well,” said the Prince, thoroughly hurt by his friend’s stubbornness and ill temper.  He withdrew and did not see Bayard again for some time.
His heart in an agony of grief and fear, Bayard collapsed on his pillows and wept; this could not be happening!  When he had sobbed himself into quiescence, he crept from his bed and looked again in the mirror, which revealed only that his eyes were red with weeping and that the spot on his cheek had grown rather significantly.  In horror, he studied the rest of the lesions, finding four more in various places and finding that the others had grown as much as the original.  What was to come of him?
He glanced at the book again and swallowed hard, taking it in hand, he read again the man’s description of the Wraith’s Touch, also called the Creeping Death.  There was no known cure, the victim inevitably succumbed to the malady within a month of its infliction, either becoming a wraith himself or an animated corpse, controlled by the wraith that had inflicted the curse.  The book dropped into his lap, as he frowned thoughtfully at nothing, what was the difference?  Why did some become yet another of the awful creatures while others died of the malady, leaving a cursed corpse behind?
His frown deepened, he could no longer deny the supernatural, but if there was an evil variant, was there not also a good?  Or at least a benign side of things?  If so, was there hope therein?  A smile of grim determination grew on his face, he could no longer linger about the castle, not with his countenance growing daily more reprehensible, but rather than going into exile and waiting for the inevitable to happen, he thought to go in quest of the supernatural, to discover the truth thereof and see if there might not be a cure or a remedy therein.
He hid his face within the depths of a hooded cloak, took what he needed for a journey, and departed for the stables, but each and every horse in the place was suddenly on edge as he entered.  Smiling grimly, he withdrew before he excited comment amongst the equally dismayed grooms and stable lads, who seemed to feel the same disagreeable aura about himself that spooked the horses.  It was a good thing he was leaving the castle of his own accord, for very soon they would undoubtedly be either driving him out or burning him for a fiend.  With a resigned sigh, he turned his back on all he had ever known and loved and walked off alone into the wide world in search of he knew not what.
As he trudged along, indifferent to his immediate direction or course, he pondered the strange mythology of his father, which he had long ago renounced as utter folly.  While he applauded the old man’s integrity and honor, and chose to mimic those most excellent qualities himself, he could not help but wonder at his easy acceptance of what could be nothing but children’s tales, if that.  But then, it was something out of those very same tales with which he had stood chatting for half the previous night.  Could a man not just be content in and of himself, happily ignorant of all mythologies during his life, and then ceasing to exist thereafter?  He had thought that would be the happiest alternative, but as he now stood staring into the very maw of death, he began to wonder if it was such a nice, tidy ending after all.
In a little less than a month, he would die, or worse.  What was it worth, this life of his?  To live a few years and then to die and cease to be?  It all seemed rather frivolous, even more so than the ball of the previous night.  So what then was the point and purpose of it all?  His heart cried out that this meager existence was not all there was, that death was not the end it seemed, but rather it was a door.  But a door into what?  He touched the dead spot on his cheek and shuddered, and knew innately that such was his futile end and all his eternal future: an endless night without stars or companions, just himself alone for all eternity.  He frowned, there must be something else, something more, otherwise what was the point?
Part of him wanted to despair and say there was no point, but life seemed too complex and elaborate a thing to be an accident or a mere whim of some small, capricious god.  His mind strayed back to the stories his father had told him, when he was yet small enough and wise enough to understand, before his so-called maturity asserted that it knew everything and he would do as best it pleased him.  There was hope in those stories, hope beyond all the sorrow and pain of this vale of tears called life, but could such a hope be his?  He who had openly mocked and rejected?
No, it was not to be.  It could not be.  It must not be!  He would find his answer in the wide world, he needed not the ancient myths; there must be a reasonable explanation out there, somewhere, if only he could find it.  He trudged on for days and days, wandering further and further from the lands of men, but never did he see sight nor sound of anything even bordering on the supernatural.  He saw no fairies dance nor did he glimpse bright eyes watching from some hidden covert of the woods.  Of gnomes and trolls and dragons, he saw nary a trace.  Until at last, his strength and days spent, he found himself utterly lost and alone in some forsaken corner of a vast and endless wildwood, there to die or worse.  His entire body was now covered in the ghastly, cold and lifeless flesh, he looked like an ancient corpse, desiccated beyond decay.
He knelt beside a great, rushing river that roared its indifference to his pathetic state even as it dashed itself heedlessly into froth on the boulders lining its bed.  Came an unexpected voice, “what is it you seek, lad?”
Bayard stared bleakly at the river, not daring to look at his companion lest he take a fright at his horrid countenance, sighed he, “I do not know.  I set out looking for the truth, perhaps for a cure, in things beyond the ken of mortal men.  But I have seen nothing to give me any direction or hope beyond the normal trappings of the mortal world.”
There was warmth and laughter in the man’s voice, a wonderful contrast to the despair and bitterness that were Bayard’s only companions during his interminable journey, said he, “so you saw no fairies dance, eh?  Not that you would, this time of year.  They prefer an autumn twilight with barely a sliver of moon upon the horizon, not that they’d do you any good, completely engrossed in their own affairs as they are.”
Forgetting himself, Bayard looked up hopefully, but grimaced in horror as he met the stranger’s eyes, but the man did not gape or jump or run away, but waited patiently for the boy to say what he would.  Sighed Bayard in relief, “is there a cure then?  Any hope at all?”
“There’s always hope, lad,” said the man quietly, as plainly clad and featured as any man in the world, “but there is no cure for what afflicts you, not for your mortal flesh at least.”
“What is this hope?” said the boy pensively, but his heart already knew the answer.
Even as the man said quietly, “that from which you have run your entire life.”
The boy smiled ruefully, “and yet there is hope, even for me, I suppose you would say?”  The man merely smiled and arched an eyebrow as the boy nodded, “no matter how far I run or how hard I try, I cannot escape it utterly.”  He shivered, and continued in a whisper, “at least while life lasts.”
“And last it will, forever, if you would have it!” said the voice of the stranger from the ball, a sound Bayard had vainly hoped never to hear again.  The man’s hand rested on his sword, but otherwise he was neither afraid of the unmasked wraith nor did he attempt to interfere in whatever its fell errand.  “You need not die boy!” crowed the creature, “You can live on, forever, with limitless power!”
“No,” said Bayard with a shiver, “I don’t want to become such a thing as you.  Even death is better than that.”  The thing shrieked imprecations at him, but dared go no closer, for the boy must be allowed to make up his own mind.  
Bayard lifted his eyes, a movement across the river had caught his attention and he could not look away.  A unicorn stood on the far side, but such a unicorn as to make its mortal kin look no more grand than the most broken down and bedraggled of ancient nags by comparison, yet his side bore a wound that had not healed, not even in a thousand years or more, or so the tales said.  The boy gasped in wonder and knew then that the tales were quite true, and he must make of them what he would, at that very moment, for he would not be granted another to contemplate the matter further.  He bowed his head in reverence, even as he felt his heart struggling to beat just once more, as the Creeping Death wrought havoc inside as well as out.  Bayard tumbled headlong into the rushing river and was lost to sight.
The wraith hissed at the blandly smiling man upon that cursed bank, “I suppose you expect me to forfeit the corpse, which is rightfully mine?”
The man’s smile was joy itself, “not anymore it isn’t!  It’s yours, if you can find it.”
The thing hissed its imprecations, but the man was no longer there to hear them.  It thought for a moment of combing the banks further downstream, but there was something in that fool’s voice that warned him such a search would be futile.  Snarling further curses upon the man and all his ilk, the wraith vanished upon errands that might prove more productive.  At least the wretched boy was gone.

Bayard gasped awake, blinking in astonishment to find himself in his own bed.  What a dream!  He stumbled out of bed and studied his face in the mirror by the wan light of the rising dawn, smiling all the while, for nary a mark nor a trace of that cursed lesion did he see.  But what did it all mean?  His smile deepened, for it meant nothing, nothing at all, for it was simply a dream.  His eyes fell on a certain book, still open upon a particular page, and his easy confidence vanished as he sank boneless into a convenient chair.  If it was a dream, why had someone been studying that particular chapter in his private chamber?
Curiosity drove him to his feet and to the door, but there was no one without, strange, when there should ever be his personal servant stationed there whenever he was within.  His heart sank, the Prince!  Whatever had happened, he knew it was not directed at himself personally, but rather was meant to get him out of the way that they might attack the Prince at leisure.  He smiled grimly, not if he could help it.  He dashed off to the Prince’s familiar chambers and bypassed the servants without, for such were his habits of old, but their frowns of dismay and shock told him things were not as they once had been, but it was too late for that, he had already barged into the chamber and three sets of eyes were staring at him in wonder and confusion.
He was not happy to see with whom the Prince had replaced him, but the light of hopeful expectation in the Prince’s eyes warmed him to the very soul, their spat had not entirely doomed their friendship.  His two scoffing companions, on the other hand, were far from happy to see him.  Said the first, “I thought he was dead?”
“At least mortally ill,” said the second, “or leastwise pretending to be.”
Bayard gaped at their impropriety and audacity, leisurely commenting when it was the Prince’s privilege and duty to speak first in such a circumstance.  The Prince smiled vastly at his friend’s discomfiture and spoke up at last, “come in my friend, come in!  It has been far too long.  Tell me what has come of you in the interim.  Let me introduce you to these splendid gentlemen who have been keeping me company in your absence.”
Bayard seated himself, the splendid gentlemen none too happy at the prospect, but he could not help but ask, “how long has it been since our last encounter?”  He smiled sheepishly, “and I must beg your forgiveness, my behavior at the time was reprehensible and yet you seem to bear me no scorn.”
“Certainly not!” said the Prince, rising eagerly to embrace his friend, “All is forgiven, and long forgot, pray don’t mention it more!  What a man says when he is deathly ill is of no consequence once his health is restored.”  He frowned thoughtfully and asked, “do you not know it has been near a month since we last spoke and shortly thereafter everyone said you had simply walked off, never to return.”  He cocked his head, “and I was to be informed the moment you returned.  How is it you managed to sneak back into the castle without anyone the wiser?”
Bayard grinned, “I haven’t a clue, Sire.  But I am happily restored to you.”  His tone grew far less warm, “and what of these, your friends?”
“It has been splendid,” said the Prince, “utterly splendid what these gentlemen have done for me in your absence.  I was quite wretched but they offered their services in distracting me and have done quite well, in fact we were just plotting an extended outing to the next Kingdom over, a little rabble rousing, they call it!  Care to join us?”
Bayard shook his head, “no Sire, I do not, neither do I see that it will be quite as enjoyable as you foresee.”
The Prince frowned, “you always were something of a stick in the mud.”
“Proverbial at that,” sneered the first.
Bayard’s eyes narrowed as he spitted the fellow with a glare, “and just what would this adventure entail?”
The other shrugged uncomfortably but said nothing, unable to speak for fear of the sudden fire in Bayard’s eyes.  Turning triumphantly to the second reprobate, Bayard repeated his question with similar results.  The pair then rose suddenly, made their hasty excuses, and bolted from the room.  The Prince did not seem the least annoyed, but rather smiled heartily and laughed, “I have missed you my friend!  I am not sure what those fellows intended, but I suppose it would not have been beneficial for either myself or the Kingdom.  It might have been fun for a time, but I would inevitably have rued it not long thereafter.”
Bayard nodded succinctly, “I see you have not completely freed yourself of my influence in my absence.”
“A pity, that,” hissed the voice of the wraith.
Bayard was on his feet in a moment, hand suddenly on his sword hilt as the Prince drew back in terror, gasping, “how did you get in here?”
They felt rather than saw the horrid smile, for the thing’s true identity was carefully hidden by its fashionable garments, “I have my ways.  But what of you, Highness?  Would you put yourself again in the power of this joy-killer?”
“Be gone!” said the Prince plaintively.
The thing only laughed and was suddenly on the other side of the room, beside the Prince, a naked, skeletal hand already reaching towards the frozen boy, but Bayard was no longer prey to the creature’s witchery, and without knowing how or what he did, he was suddenly between the Prince and the wraith and felt again that deadly touch, but this time things did not go so easily for the perpetrator.  The moment his hand touched Bayard, the wraith cried out in agony and pulled back its hand, as if burned, even as a blinding radiance filled the sitting room; the wraith vanished as suddenly as it had come, muttering oaths and imprecations as it fled.
Bayard turned back to the wide-eyed Prince, but his words died aborning, as the boy took a step back, mouthing words that were never uttered, pointing at his friend in horror and wonder.  At last Bayard could stand it no longer and asked, “what is it?  It is not merely that creature that has discomfited you.  Why are you looking at me like that?”
The Prince frowned, blinked, and frowned again at his friend, but could see nothing out of the ordinary, though a moment ago he could not have said the same.  “The book!” said the Prince at last, “Yes, the book!”  He dashed into the adjoining room and began flinging books madly to the floor as he hastily sought a certain volume.
“Which book?” asked Bayard quietly, a growing sense of either panic or destiny growing in his heart, “The one about the mythical creatures?”
“Yes,” said the Prince faintly as he paused in his search, “something that creature said reminded me of something.”
“I’ll go get it,” said Bayard quietly, “it is still in my chamber, you said I could borrow it the night of the ball.”  His eyes met those of his friend, “that is, if you want me to return?”
The Prince swallowed hard and said far too nervously, “of course, certainly, you are my oldest and dearest friend, no matter what!”
Bayard nodded and left the room, that sense of something life-changing and imminent increasing with each step.  He soon returned and found the Prince seated in his former place, but far from easy upon the entrance of his friend.  Said he quietly, as Bayard handed him the book and took his own chair, “what was that thing?  What happened to you?  Where have you been?”
The Prince began flipping through the pages, while Bayard said what little he could upon the matter, “I woke this very morning, thinking it all a dream, but it wasn’t.  The night of the ball, that creature, a wraith as that book calls it, stood chatting with me for a time, and upon parting, it touched me, just as it attempted to do to you.”
The Prince looked up in surprise but then glanced at the entry on just such a creature and read with interest, “the Creeping Death!”
“Yes,” said Bayard grimly, “and that is exactly what it was.  That’s why I wouldn’t let even you, my dearest friend, see me.  Your body begins to die and decay even while yet you live!  I hied myself away from here, hoping to find an answer in the wildwood or at least to spare others the sight of me.  I wandered for a month but never came closer to an answer, that thing accosted me upon the banks of a raging river and after refusing its most gracious offer of letting me become such as itself, I knew nothing more as I finally succumbed to its dreadful touch.  The next thing I knew I was back in my own bed, thinking it all a dream.”  He frowned, “what has disturbed you so?  What did you see?”
The Prince bit his lip then dropped his eyes again to the book, searching frantically for whatever it was that had sparked his interest in this particular tome.  At last, he found the entry, read it quickly, and handed it to his friend, saying quietly, “what are you not telling me?  I heard the creature mutter imprecations against you as it retreated, including the words ‘mist-walker’ and ‘light-born.’”
Bayard could not help but smile wryly, “funny, all I heard was ‘fish-bait.’”  He glanced at the entry and his mouth fell open in astonishment, “I met a man upon the river bank, he seemed unfazed by either my horrid appearance or the wraith.”  He swallowed hard, “then I saw Him.”
“Him?” asked the Prince with a quizzical frown.
Bayard read the short paragraph before answering, “can it be true?  Me?!”  At the Prince’s impatient look, Bayard smiled sheepishly and answered, “the Master, the Great Unicorn!”
“You?!” said the Prince in astonishment, “The renowned skeptic, the proudly indifferent?  Saw Him?”
Bayard snorted wryly, “not only saw, but submitted my stubborn will to His at the last.”  He glanced again at the text to hide both his discomfiture and that he need not see the Prince’s own astonishment.  Gaining control of himself, he looked up and asked, “you still have not told me what it was you saw.”
“Fair is fair, I suppose,” said the Prince, biting his lip in agitation, “one moment you were on the far side of the room with that wraith creature and the next you were suddenly between us.  Then the thing touched you, and well, you were all lit up from within, like sunshine shining through the mist, and then it limped off and you looked yourself again.  Its muttering reminded me of something I saw when I initially scanned through this book, before I forgot entirely about it.  This has to be the answer!”  He gazed upon his friend in wonder and pity, “and yet you know nothing more about it?”
“No,” said Bayard with a shake of his head, “just what I told you.  Though if it is true, it certainly explains things.”  He grimaced, “at least enough that now I’m doomed to die of curiosity.”  His smile became wry as a sudden thought occurred to him, “that is, if I can die?”  The Prince was still staring at him as if he had two heads, prompting him to ask, “what is it?  I know it is hard to believe, I’m not sure I believe it myself, but I am still myself, your friend of so many years!”
The Prince smiled ruefully, “it’s just that I can hardly believe it, that’s all.”  He glanced dismissively at the book, still clutched in his friend’s hands, “not that.  I’m still not sure what any of it means or how much is truth or fiction.”  He evenly met Bayard’s puzzled gaze and smiled in wonder, “you, the Great Skeptic, have fallen at last!”
Bayard shook his head and smiled sheepishly, “that’s a relief, I can live with that.  Though I may never live it down.  Here I thought you’d want nothing more to do with me...” he glanced again at the incriminating page and then looked at his friend with grateful eyes, “after my strange adventures.”
“Are you kidding?” burst forth the Prince with a hearty laugh, “I would not miss this adventure for the world!  Besides, I still need to make a trip to the neighboring realm and your company alone will be invaluable, not to mention if that wraith thing is still trying to make trouble for me.”  He shuddered and Bayard smiled grimly, his hand lightly gripping his sword hilt; adventure indeed!
Bayard frowned, “I thought you were only going on a pleasure tour with your reprehensible friends?”
“What?!” squawked the Prince, “Certainly not, their ideas of fun and mine are completely the opposite, I had hoped you thought better of me!  My father ordained this little pilgrimage when the ball failed to produce a romantic attachment for me.  Those two cads showed up the day after you left and would not leave me be and I have no courage when it comes to dismissing people that are only trying to help.”
Bayard barked a laugh, “it is a very good thing you have not met an overly helpful young lady then, else there’d be no reason for this little trip.  You thought they were trying to help you?”
“Yes,” said the Prince a bit peevishly, “they knew we had had a falling out and were there to offer what distraction and comfort was in their power to dispense.”  He frowned, “no, you are right, they were merely trying to benefit themselves by whatever means necessary; they could care less about me and my problems.”
“At least I saved you from what might have become a tour of infamy instead of a potential romantic interlude or even a diplomatic mission of sorts,” said Bayard with a wide grin, “and you wonder that I sometimes doubt your ability to handle yourself alone in such situations?”
The Prince chuckled sheepishly, “you know me well my friend, I am glad you are still here to watch my back.”
Bayard smiled down at the open book, and closing it, said, “whatever has come of me, time will no doubt reveal.  We will not trouble ourselves with the guessing of old men in the interim.”  He glanced at his friend hopefully, “when do we leave?”
“Tomorrow,” said the Prince with an impish grin, “and we’ll make a slight detour that you might visit your father.”
Bayard sighed, “do you know you are a regular villain?  A meddler at least, but I suppose you are right.  I have not seen him in years, and he is growing older by the day.”  He smiled sadly, “I have not seen him since the day I left home after calling all he held dear ‘folly.’  It will please him no end to know that I have come round to his way of thinking.”  He nodded and his smile deepened, “thank you, my friend.”

But it was a kindness that was never to be fulfilled, for the little party fell under attack not far outside the bustling city.  Bows sang and arrows flew, leaving the Prince and his escort dead and dying in the road while the brigands rifled through their luggage and pockets and absconded with the horses.  Bayard roused from his faint to find himself prone beside his friend, several arrows lodged in what should be fatal places, but he easily pulled the offending shafts free and then turned to attend to the stricken Prince.
“No!” gasped the horrified young lord, cradling his friend’s head in his lap and glancing about desperately for some answer or hope as tears streamed unbidden down his cheeks, “This is not how it is supposed to be!”
Ithril blinked awake and smiled sadly up into the horrified gaze of his friend, “easy Bayard, easy.  There was nothing you could have done.”  He coughed weakly as blood trickled from the corner of his mouth.
“This can’t be happening!” protested Bayard, “What of the Kingdom?  What of...”
He trailed off as Ithril motioned him to silence, “none of that is your concern.  Have you not a Master now Who can handle that sort of thing?  You must learn to trust Him, no matter what.”  He smiled wryly, “shouldn’t you be more concerned about my immortal soul at the moment?  Is that not of more import than the fate of a temporal Kingdom?”
Bayard gaped, “you are right!  I never thought...I mean I am so new to it myself...”  He frowned at the Prince’s impish smile, “you are teasing me!”
The boy coughed again, “of course I am, have no fear, that matter was settled long ago.”
Bayard arched an eyebrow, “and you never told me?”
The moribund Prince tried to laugh but it became a coughing fit, when he could speak it was only a whisper, “you were so proud of your own heresy that you would have scorned my faith as easily as you did your father’s.”
Bayard smiled wryly, “I see you are not the only one who has benefited from the influence of the other in this relationship.”  He glanced down at his friend when he did not answer, but the Prince was dead.  He slumped forward and wept over his dead friend, feeling as if his own heart must break therewith.  But the sound of approaching hooves drew his attention back to the predicament at hand and away from his own grief.  Six men in the uniform of the Royal Guard cautiously approached the wreckage of what had been a royal entourage.  They dismounted and began to comb through the debris, grimacing in horror and disgust to find six of their own dead amidst the rubble.  When they came upon the dead Prince, their horror was complete and they had no pity to spare for the unscathed Bayard.
Said their captain grimly, “how is it you escaped while all the others were slain?”
“I do not know,” said Bayard with a sigh and a last, sad glance at his friend, “I truly cannot say.”  The captain nodded and two of his men took the boy into custody.
“You’ll hang for this,” smiled one of the soldiers villainously.  Bayard gaped to recognize one of the two dissolute fellows that had been keeping company with the Prince in his absence.
“And deservedly so,” mocked his compatriot, “see what comes of meddling in affairs not your own?  Had you left well enough alone, the Prince need not have died; his complete and utter corruption was all our master wanted.  You got him killed!”
“Then he’s better off dead,” said Bayard grimly, “rather than living such a life enslaved to evil!”
“It is not for one heretic to condemn another, no matter how high and mighty he thinks himself,” chastised the first.
Bayard bowed his head, “I am a heretic no longer.”
Smiled the second maliciously, “then we’ll hurry you along to your new master.  Move!”
They cast him into the deepest dungeon while they tried to unravel the mystery as to what had happened to their beloved Prince.  They questioned him again and again, but to no avail, for he truly could tell them little more than that it appeared the work of banditti and there was no plausible reason he could give as to how he escaped unscathed while everyone else had been slain.  The late prince’s former cronies came down to break the news to him themselves, with wide grins, the first informed him, “you’re to hang on the morrow.”
The second added, “and we’ll be the ones manning the gallows.”
“Sleep tight!” mocked the first, as they withdrew, laughing as if it was the funniest thing in the world, for to them, it truly was hilarious that an innocent man would die for a crime they themselves had set in motion.
Bayard sighed as he seated himself again on the rickety stool in the farthest corner of his cell, wondering again what it was all about and why the world had so suddenly been turned on its head, but Ithril’s dying words never left him: he must trust, no matter what, and that he was determined to do.  A racket at the top of the stairs drew him to his feet, for he had yet another visitor.  He gasped, “father?!”
“Five minutes, old man!” bellowed the guard at the top of the stairs.
“What are you doing here!?” said the boy, rushing to the bars, that he might touch and speak with his father.
“What am I doing here?” chuckled the old man, in so familiar and beloved a fashion that it immediately warmed the boy’s heart, “Rather I might ask how you got into this predicament and what you plan on doing about it?”
“I did nothing wrong, sir,” said the boy quietly.
“I know that,” said he, “that is not what troubles me.”
“I suppose you intend to appeal?” asked Bayard.
“No,” said the man bitterly, “I have tried again and again, but to no avail.  They are determined to hang you, regardless.”
“I thought as much,” said the boy evenly.
The man cocked his head, “you do not sound like a man who is to die on the morrow.”
The boy smiled warmly, “you have come then only to say your farewells?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, you ungrateful wretch, you know full well why else I’ve troubled myself on your account,” said the man with a hearty warmth that took all the sting out of his words and rather imbued them with all the teasing camaraderie that once existed between father and son.  Continued he, but his gruffness was only feigned, “no son of mine will die a heretic, not if I can help it!”
A joyous laugh burst forth from the condemned, “well then you have wasted your time sir, for I was just on my way to tell you that I had come round to your view of things at last, when disaster struck.”
There were tears in the old man’s eyes as he drew as close to his son as the bars allowed, said he, “heretic or not, I hope you know that you are my beloved son and your loss will grieve me sorely, but at least I need not now fear that we shall be forever sundered.”  He sighed heavily, “this is quite unjust, but there is nothing to be done!  They are determined that someone needs to pay for this heinous crime, even be he an innocent man!”
Bayard could not help but smile wryly, “fear not for me, sir.  Unjust or not, I do not think tomorrow’s spectacle shall be the end of me, whatever betide.”
The man gave his son a hopeful and quizzical look, but the guard summoned him away from the prisoner before another word could be spoken, but the boy’s confidence and vast amusement, despite his fate, gave the old man more peace than he had ever dared imagine possible and he found himself walking away from that prison a far more hopeful man than ever he had been.

Bayard’s father had barely exited the dungeons when a very strange vision appeared to the boy.  He heard the tail end of an argument betwixt the ill-tempered guard and what could only be a Lady’s voice, said she, “I will see the condemned.  I know it is no proper place for a lady, but that is my concern, not yours.  Now move aside!”
The enigma managed to cow the guard so much so that he could do nothing but step aside and mumble his apologies, not even demanding that she limit her visit to the five meager minutes given to the boy’s own father.  She made sure the door was firmly closed behind her and posted her manservant at the top of the stairs to make sure they were not disturbed without warning.  She descended the stairs and studied the curious boy in the furthest cell, completely oblivious to the dirt and grime befouling her splendid dress.
“I need your help,” said she, without a word of introduction or explanation.
Bayard could not help but smile, said he, “I would be delighted madam, to help in any way possible, but as you can see, my circumstances are rather grim at the moment.”
Said she with a dismissive laugh, “and what is that to us?  I will see you on the morrow.”  He opened his mouth to protest, but she turned abruptly and walked away, leaving him to while away the night wondering what her strange visit portended.  There was a strange emphasis on the word ‘us,’ that sent a thrill through his heart, could it be that he was no longer alone?  He was no closer to an answer when they came for him at dawn, but he was strangely eager to meet the lady again, for he somehow knew she would not fail of her promises.
The spectacle that followed was all the aggrieved King could hope for in his quest for vengeance, and once the perpetrator was dealt with, his murdered son could properly lie in state that the mourning masses might pay their last respects, which was all the solace he could hope for in such a situation.  The corpse was cut down and taken temporarily to the workroom adjacent to the family tombs, until it could be properly disposed of.  Had he been anything but a lord’s son, the King would have left him hanging that the crows might make sport of the corpse, but as even a minor nobleman’s son, the disposal of the boy’s remains was given some consideration.  For a very short time, while the gallows were dismantled and the royal bier was prepared, Bayard lay beside his slain friend in the castle morgue.
Her ladyship was true to her word, and somehow found her way into the mortuary with ease, her trusty manservant trailing behind her like a shadow.  She touched Bayard’s  shoulder and a flicker of light passed between them, rousing the boy with a gasp; he smiled up at her eagerly, wondering what use she could make of a dead man.  Said she without preamble, “we have little time.  We must escape undetected with your friend’s remains ere they come to make a public spectacle of him.”
Bayard gaped, “what possible mischief could you intend with the late Prince?  Have his father and the Kingdom not suffered enough?”
She smiled slightly at him, but it was not lacking in gentleness, “you do not understand?”
He shook his head, “madam, I know next to nothing of anything that has transpired within the last month!”
Her smile deepened, “then prepare for wonders beyond imagination, but come, we have little time.  Can you take on the guise of my companion?”
Bayard frowned at her in confusion for a moment, wondering what on earth or beyond it she could be asking of him, but then the thought struck him that if a man could so easily recover from death, what was physical appearance?  He concentrated for a moment and as easy as thought, his outward appearance was an exact copy of the silent manservant, who smiled in approbation and looked to his lady in question.  She nodded approvingly, “very good, now help me wrap your friend’s remains for the journey to come.”  Bayard opened his mouth to protest, but it was silenced by a single glance from those eagle eyes.  She smiled at him, “I see you are a quick learner, excellent.”
They wrapped the corpse in a sheet and bound it securely, placing Ithril’s remains on the slab on which Bayard had previously lain.  The servant smiled at them both, climbed atop the vacated bier, and assumed the guise and place of the slain Prince.  Bayard could not help but smile in anticipation, what were they about?  The plan was brilliant!  They’d smuggle out the prince under the guise of the corpse of his assumed murderer and none would be the wiser.  But what were they going to do with the body?
“That you will see in time?” said she with a mysterious smile, only then did Bayard realize he must have spoken the last aloud.  He blushed and she nodded towards the door, “my carriage awaits without.”  He nodded and took up his end of the burden, wondering what his father would think when he came for his son’s remains and found the boy gone, and at the hands of a strange noblewoman!  They secured their burden ingloriously to the roof of the equipage, climbed inside themselves, and the vehicle rattled off with all haste.
“Well?” said she with a smile, once the clatter and rattle of the vehicle easily drowned out their voices to any without hoping to profit by listening in, “I am sure you have questions, and I must say, your restraint under the circumstances is admirable.”
Bayard blinked at her in wonder, “who are you, milady?  What is it you intend with my friend’s remains?  You spoke of ‘us’ in the dungeon, of whom were you speaking?”
Her smile deepened as she said gently, “you truly know nothing at all?  And yet you have acted as you ought, even in your ignorance.  Truly remarkable!”  She allowed his embarrassment to subside before spitting him with that eagle-like gaze, and asking, “you spoke of your world turning upside down within the last month, what happened?”
He briefly told her all his tale, but her face and eyes betrayed no trace of surprise or horror, she merely nodded every now and again and motioned for him to proceed.  At last she said quietly, “the Wraith’s Touch is a nasty business.”  She shuddered, “I suffered the kiss of such a creature, an impudent suitor I thought him then.”  She smiled grimly as Bayard recoiled in disgust, “I see you can imagine my plight; I fled home the very moment after I saw my countenance in the mirror the next morning.”
“As for your friend,” said she with a knowing smile, “we’re going to cast him into the River.”
Bayard’s brow furrowed, “any river?  A certain river of such significance it has no other name?  What will happen to him?”
She smiled patiently at him, “he’ll get wet.”  She waited for his astonishment to melt into a smile before continuing, “the River, yes, the very place wherein your own adventure, and mine, was begun.  The only difficulty will be in finding it.”  He gave her an odd look and she continued, “it has no set geographical location, but appears when and where it will.”
“But to what purpose?” said he at last, “You still have not explained anything.”
“Haven’t I?” said she with a musing grin, “I suppose I haven’t at that.”  She studied him carefully, “did you not read the book?”  He frowned at her and she laughed, “you must have at least perused Perault’s ‘Creatures of Myth and Legend,’ have you not?  That would give you some idea as to what is going on.”
He sighed, his confusion and frustration mounting by the moment as his companion seemed to be talking in circles, said he quietly, “we looked at the page devoted to Wraiths and read another brief account, but what does the man know of all this, if anything?”
Her enigmatical smile was at its worst, “quite a bit I would say, for he devoted his life to the study thereof before becoming such himself.  You may even meet him someday and I am quite sure he’d be delighted to tell you anything he can upon such matters.”
Said Bayard wryly, “and I suppose I must wait until that day to discover this mystery?”
“Gracious no!” said she with a laugh, “I’ll answer your questions this very moment.”  She smiled in vast amusement at herself, “except when I don’t.  I do apologize, I get so interested in the details that I often lose myself down a sidetrack without knowing it and think I have explained everything when I have in reality told you nothing.  Do you even know who we are?”
“No,” said Bayard, “save for that brief entry in ‘Creatures,’ and the reproachful mutterings of a disappointed Wraith, I know nothing.”  He smiled in vast amusement, “according to the Wraith’s account, I might as well be fish-bait as anything else.”
She laughed heartily at this and assured him, “well, we are a bit above fish-bait at least, that should be some solace to your mind.  What were his other mutterings and oaths, if any be decent to discuss with a lady?”
“I heard little,” said Bayard, “but Ithril said he distinctly heard mist-walker and light-born among his utterances, though it is all gibberish to me.  The account in the book lists those terms along with a few others but they all mean nothing to me.”
“River-wraith, river-born, light-walker, mist-born, and a thousand other appellations all apply, depending on the age and tongue of which we are speaking,” said she thoughtfully, “the Master simply refers to us as His Messengers, but mortals have coined as many names as there have been men to see us.”
“Ah!” said Bayard in understanding, “I begin to understand and even remember some of the ancient tales mentioning such creatures.”
“Not creatures,” said she with twinkling eyes, “men, ever and always, just beyond the concerns of mortality and the confines of time and death.”
“Riverborn?!” said Bayard in surprise, “You’re drafting Ithril into this service too?”
“Of course,” said she with a cat-like smile, “why else would we burden ourselves with stealing a corpse and making sure none was the wiser?”
“What of the driver and your other attendants,” asked Bayard, “are they also of this calling?”
“Oh, no,” said she, “they are mortal men, hired and paid to attend a rather eccentric noble lady upon one strange quest after another.  My latest scheme was to visit you, a condemned murder, in prison and then see to your mortal remains.  They have known me long enough not to ask questions or wonder at what mad scheme will next enter my head, but merely do as they are told and appease my whims thereby.”
“So you travel the world on one odd adventure after another?” asked he curiously, “What do the rest of us do?”
“Anything and everything,” said she, “there is no longer such a circumstance known as normal for you.”
“What if it is too much,” said he, “what if I am not suited to this duty?”
She smiled warmly at him, “you would not have been Called were you not suited to this service, but if you weary of it, you can simply Go.  You are already dead as far as the mortal world is concerned, so it is a simple matter for your soul to fly Home, as it would have once death had had its way with you had you not agreed to this Calling.”
He frowned at her, “I had a choice?”
“Certainly,” said she, “you might not remember it, but you would not be here had you declined when our Master had asked.”
Said he thoughtfully, “you said Master Perault, the lover of mythical creatures, has since joined ranks with the Messengers?  How long ago was that?”
She shook her head, “what is the mortal reckoning of years to us?  It was not that long ago, by our reckoning, but in mortal years, it was probably well before your birth.”
Bayard gaped, “but we saw him once, peddling his books in the marketplace.  He was then a Messenger?”
That enigmatic smile made its appearance as she said, “our Master has a purpose in every task He sets us, even if we don’t understand it.  Master Perault is doing us all a great service by reminding mortal men that what they can see and touch is not the end of reality, but barely the beginning.  Had you read his book cover to cover, you would know that you were not merely a mortal creature, born only to die and then be forgotten, but that you were intended to live forever.  Man is no less mythic a creature than elves or pixies, he just assumes himself to be far less interesting than any other created being for the simple fact that humanity is so familiar, when in fact he is quite an enigma, most especially to himself.”
“I have done myself quite a disservice,” said Bayard with a wry grin, “intentionally blinding myself to the breadth and width and depth of creation, ignoring all that I could not easily see or explain.”
“You’ll have all eternity to explore every nook and cranny thereof,” said she with a smile, “fear not.”  She smiled ironically, “I spent my entire life primping in front of a mirror or being admired by those about me and never giving the more important concerns of life and the soul a second thought; my appearance was everything.”  She grimaced in remembrance and then smiled wryly, “until it wasn’t.”
Bayard shivered, “I can very well imagine, ugh!”
She could make no reply, for at that moment the coach suddenly jolted to a stop, flinging her into the opposite seat next to Bayard.  As she righted herself, she smiled eagerly at her companion, “I believe we have found the River, or rather, it has found us.  
There came an anxious tapping at the door of the carriage and then it was hastily opened by a servant both worried and embarrassed, said he, as he handed his disheveled mistress from the vehicle, “I do apologize madam, we were making excellent time upon a well kept road when suddenly we rounded a slight bend and found a great river foaming and fretting right in front of us; it was all we could do to keep from driving in, horses and all!”
She smiled wryly, “don’t fret about it, these things happen.  Now if you would be so kind as to help my companion extricate our rather grim burden from the roof, I’d be most grateful.”  He gave her a strange look, though whether it was for her insistence that it was nothing unusual for a great river to suddenly appear where it hadn’t been a moment before or for the distasteful task she had assigned him, this history does not record, but soon enough he had freed the late prince’s earthly remains from the top of the vehicle and helped Bayard carry the deceased to the edge of the river.  He was about to protest that a proper burial might be a far more respectable interment, regardless of the fellow’s crimes, but he was left gaping and silent as Bayard slipped, still clutching his end of the body, and disappeared into the swirl and froth of the raging river below with all that remained of his friend.
The lady merely blinked in surprise, smiled slightly in amusement, and ordered her lackeys back to their places on the vehicle.  For a moment the servant thought to protest abandoning the fellow to his fate, but there was nothing to be done, no one could survive in the maelstrom that was the river and likely neither corpse would ever again see the light of day, at least not until the current had borne them miles away.  But then, he had seen far stranger things than this and had trusted his mistress even so and she had never failed him yet, there was nothing to do but go on as ever he had; the carriage soon rattled off upon its next adventure even as the river did likewise, leaving the road as it had been but a few minutes before, as if it had never been.

For a moment Bayard felt himself falling, but the moment he hit the water, all was suddenly light and life and joy and nothing else, not even his own thoughts, could disturb that cacophony of wonder, until he lay on the bank, a denizen of the mortal world once more.  He smiled to see an equally dazed Ithril washed up beside him like so much flotsam.  Said the former prince, as he sat up and glanced about, “fish-bait indeed!  Well met my friend, now what strange adventure have you embroiled us in?”
“I haven’t the foggiest,” said Bayard as he gained his feet, but added with a shudder, “but I certainly don’t like this strange shore.”
Ithril glanced about and nodded his concurrence, but before he could utter a word, the river at their backs vanished, causing him to smile impishly and retort, “this isn’t exactly a day at the seashore, my friend.”  He shivered as the dark forest enclosed them fully, all humor swiftly forgotten, “but I must agree, it is indeed a grim wood.”  Bayard could not help but smile as a sudden thought struck him, eliciting a frown from his friend, “how can you smile like that in a place like this?”
“Why can’t I?” asked the onetime lord, “What is there in here that can possibly do us permanent harm?”
Ithril frowned, “are you sure?”
Bayard barked a laugh, “you just recovered from a fatal arrow wound and I was recently hung for your murder.  I still have little idea what our new occupation entails, but death has been reduced to an inconvenience.  Come, let us see if we can discover the reason for this little detour.”  
Ithril shook his head in consternation, but shrugged and followed after, an eager light in his eyes.  As he caught up with his friend, his frown returned, “my father had you hanged?”
Bayard nodded grimly, “it wasn’t a pleasant experience, though probably better than that living death inflicted by the wraith, at least it was quick and I got to see my father ere my ignominious end.”
“But what of the Kingdom!” said the former prince in concern, but suddenly a thought occurred to him and he answered his own question, “Our Kingdom is no longer of this world, rather our duty lies whither our Master sends us.”
“Precisely,” said Bayard with a grin, “it is about time you listened to your own deathbed pontifications, and now you know as much about our current predicament as I do.”
“Which is pretty much life as usual,” said the prince with a laugh as he dashed deeper into the murk of the wood, which seemed highly offended by this exhibition of immortal youth and gaiety, concepts the stoic trees had abandoned in the morning of the world, to be replaced by a brooding gloom and bitterness that would likely last until the stars fell.
“Gracious!” came the startled shout of a man of middling years, who had been poking about the ruins of an ancient fortress, though little more remained than a precariously leaning wall of weathered stone, over which the two energetic boys tumbled as they skidded down a hill in their ephemeral dash through the woods.  The greying man picked himself up and dusted the leaf litter from his person as he studied the miscreants who had invaded his solitude.
The boys also gained their feet, as interested in this odd personage as much as he seemed confounded by their presence.  Who went poking about in old ruins in such a horrid place?  Bayard could not help but grin at his most impetuous, for who went madly dashing through such a forest, as if he were but a child of six!  Suddenly recognition dawned and he gasped, “Master Perault!”
The man pulled a pair of spectacles from his pocket and eyed the lads more closely, but he could not place them, said he at last, “I am he; have we met?”
Bayard offered him a very polite bow, after elbowing Ithril, who was gaping like a bumpkin on his first trip to town, he reddened as he offered his own courtesy, as Bayard continued, “we met you but briefly when you stopped in Bandora to sell your books.”
Ithril added, “I purchased a copy; it is an exquisite piece of work.”
Said Master Perault, the praise of his book doing much to restore his sense of dignity after their rather incongruous entrance and abuse thereof, “I am working on a second edition, as there was much material I would very much like to add but had not yet been able to carry out the proper research, which is why I am here.  Which begs the question as to your own presence in this place, for wise men do not often tread these paths without malicious intent.  Though after your recent shenanigans, especially in such a place, I am not apt to believe wisdom has aught to do with it.”
“It was perhaps not wise, as you suggest, sir,” said Bayard calmly, not nearly chastened enough for Master Perault’s satisfaction, “but we are still but young men and were momentarily overcome by the exhilaration of life and youth.  As to our presence here, that is a riddle to us as much as it is to yourself.”  Changing the subject, and hoping thereby to excite the man’s professional pride that perhaps their hijinks might be the sooner forgotten, he continued, “what sort of creatures of myth and legend are you hoping to find in such a place, sir?”
Not so easily led astray as his young interlocutor might wish, Master Perault replied, “vile things that might very well make an end of such unthinking rapscallions as the pair of you.”
Bayard could not help but grin impishly, “so how is it that an esteemed scholar of your standing can be safe in such environs while we thoughtless lads must certainly perish?  I doubt the vile things of which you hint have any respect for academic research or those who carry it out.”
“I am safe enough,” said the older man with a chuckle, “I see you are not so thoughtless as you first appeared to be.  What then is your tale?”
Ithril exchanged a nervous glance with his friend, wondering just how much they could reveal to this man, esteemed scholar or not, but then they hardly knew what it was they were about, perhaps he even knew more about the subject than they themselves, but Bayard’s glance was all mirth, causing Ithril to frown and say, “must we not tread lightly on this subject?”
“Relax my friend,” said Bayard with a chuckle, “our revered companion can be of very great help to us in our current plight, ignoramuses that we be.  I have it on very good authority that he is in like circumstances to our own, hence his indifference to all the things hereabouts that might go bump in the night.”
As this exchange took place, Master Perault had been studying the pair as he might some creature he meant to put in his book, said he at last, “and who is this authority who cares to speak of me when I am absent?”
Bayard colored, “I do not even know her name sir, but we recently shared an adventure together, or rather I suppose a brief errand would be a more appropriate descriptor; she was a most intriguing lady, who never got to the point but could carry on a conversation most delightfully, who travels about in a great carriage upon the strangest of errands.”
“The Lady Violet,” said Perault with a warm chuckle, “you are quite right in saying she is an accomplished conversationalist, at least if mutual enjoyment is your goal rather than enlightenment of any sort.  And what had she to say of me?”
“We briefly discussed your book,” said Bayard.
“Ah,” said he, “and how is it I can be of assistance to you gentlemen and what are these ;like circumstances’ in which we unfortunately find ourselves?”  He laughed again, this time heartily, “I very much wonder if there is aught we can have in common.”
Ithril watched the exchange, still somewhat confused by Bayard’s continued insistence that this musty old man could be of use to them, said he at last, “I do not understand, do you mean this old relic can somehow be a Lightwalker?”
“Old relic indeed!” said the man with a grim chuckle, before his entire being was suddenly alight with blue fire and a terrifying warrior stood in his stead.  Ithril took a step back in surprise and dread while Bayard smiled appreciatively, before he resumed his previous visage of a rather fusty man in his fading years.  He gazed upon Bayard with smiling eyes, “you are neither afraid nor surprised,” said he with a grin, “though your companion is startled at least.”
“We’re both rather new to this,” said Bayard with a laugh, “most especially my friend there.”
Ithril grinned sheepishly, “it is still hard to comprehend that I am now an entry in that book of yours rather than just a peruser thereof.”
The man chuckled, “it is quite an awkward transition, but at least that explains why the pair of you can chase heedlessly through this brooding forest like calves fresh from the stall.”  He laughed all the more, “try being the author and suddenly finding yourself an entry therein!”  They shared his mirth, but at last he gained enough cognizance to say, “now, how might I be of assistance?”  Bayard then regaled him with the entire tale, Ithril listening with interest to all that had passed since his own passing.  Master Perault stroked his beard while a thoughtful frown marred his brow, “you said you were on your way to Zarot to go a-courting?  I’ve heard dreadful rumors of that Kingdom of late, in fact if this Darkwood failed to yield anything interesting, I thought I might hie myself thither.”  As he spoke, his companions exchanged an eager grin, and all knew thither lay their next adventure.  Said he with a grin of his own, “well that solves that riddle, now what else can I do to enlighten you?”
Bayard grinned like a madman, “can you equip us as a prince and his entourage?”
“You really are new at this,” said Perault with a chuckle, “nothing could be easier.  You know how to change yourself, it is a simple step to manipulate the appearance of other things.  I say appearance, because that is all we can do, for we cannot change the basic nature of the object or create real objects, we can only create a mirage.  But it won’t take much to produce an army out of mist should you wish it, though it will be about as fierce a foe as a bank of fog, though your enemies won’t know that, at least at the start.”
So it was that the Prince’s former escort was restored to him, albeit all the horses and attendants were wraiths wrought of fog, as was their finery.  Said Bayard in wonder, “and how do we get our fine entourage to Zarot?”
Perault said with a chuckle, “easy as thought lad, just wish it and you’ll be there.  And by the way, if you come across any interesting specimens, would you save them for me?”
“Only if I get credit as the discoverer,” said Bayard with a laugh.
“Certainly,” said Master Perault, a bit stiffly at the thought that he would be so unprofessional.
Bayard grinned the more, “I meant no offense sir, it was merely a jest, but how am I to know what you have already studied and what is new and interesting for this much anticipated second edition?  We have mislaid our copy.”
“But of course!” said Perault in dismay, “But fear not, I have just the thing, and it won’t take up near as much space as the regular volume.”  He produced a small book from the same pocket that hid his spectacles and handed it to Bayard.  The moment he opened the tome, it was suddenly the size of the regular book, and when it was closed, it was again a pocket sized volume.
He grinned appreciatively at the scholar and then said with a thoughtful frown, “what of your other books?  Certainly you cannot write and illustrate each by hand?”
Said Perault with an appreciative chuckle, “you are a sharp one lad, once the original has been completed, it is quite easy to make as many copies as I like, much as you replicated your retainers, but lacking a soul, a book is a much more precise copy of the original than your phantasms wrought in the image of men.”
“Then why charge for them?” asked the flummoxed Ithril.
“That is a strange concept, is it not,” Perault’s chuckle again betraying the genial nature he preferred to hide under a visage of gruff studiousness, “for if a man pays for something, it has far more value in his mind than if it was simply given to him.  Curious, I know, but such is human reasoning, at least mortally speaking.”
“No wonder so many people have trouble accepting our Master’s sacrifice on our behalf,” said Bayard thoughtfully, “a man’s pride wants to have an investment in any great endeavor, he can’t stand to have a thing done for him when he feels he ought to have done it himself.”
“And such was the reason our race fell from perfection at the first: we thought we could do it better or were somehow wiser than He that wrought us!” said Master Perault.
“Such was I,” said Bayard quietly, “up until the bitter end.”
“Nay lad,” laughed Perault joyously, “this is but the Beginning, the tale is hardly begun!”
Bayard nodded gaily, “truly spoken, and I suppose we had best be about our own!”  And with that thought, they were again on that fateful road, even the very hour after they had last vacated it, just a mile or two down the road, so as not to interrupt history any more than necessary.
“This is all quite uncanny!” groused the once and future prince.
“You’re the one who agreed to this mad venture,” said Bayard with a laugh, “you could have remained dead and not troubled us with smuggling your mortal remains out of the Kingdom!”
“Not that,” said Ithril with a long suffering sigh, “that we’re back on the same road whereon this adventure began, that I’m still going courting, but I am no longer allowed to marry.”  He paused for effect and added, “that and I never had Master Perault sign my book.”  With a wry grin, he kicked his phantom horse to a gallop and soon vanished over a distant hill.  Bayard rolled his eyes extravagantly and hastened after with the rest of their party.
Once Ithril’s mirth had cooled and his retinue had caught up, Bayard said merrily, “maybe your adventure started on this fateful road, but mine was begun at a ball of all places!  You only managed to get me hung like a common sheep thief!”  He sobered and asked, “what do you mean you are still going courting, you’re dead!”
Ithril smiled slightly, “the neighboring kingdom doesn’t know that yet, and may not for some time to come, and even if they do hear rumors of the untimely demise of a certain prince of the neighboring realm, will they believe it if he is in their very midst?  Besides we need an excuse to infiltrate the royal court, so why not the roles we both know best how to play?  As long as I don’t promise to marry anyone, it is all quite proper.”
Bayard shook his head and smiled, wondering if he would ever quite get used to this new existence and its perplexing realities, said he, “meanwhile, we’ll track down whatever it is that has caused such dreadful rumors in that land that even Master Perault has heard about it in his ruin in that forgotten Darkwood.”  He frowned, “what is a Darkwood anyway?”
Ithril obliged him by opening his Book of Mutable Size, which obliged its reader by growing no larger than might be convenient ahorseback.  Read he, “a darkwood is a forest left over from ancient days, that has forgotten that Spring and Morning are ever to come again, and therefore it is doomed to glower in a perpetual autumnal twilight; this dour ambiance is not improved by the various peoples and creatures of vile intent that prefer to dwell in such forsaken places.  It is highly advised that mortal men avoid such places and the denizens thereof.”
Bayard nodded, “very nice, are we now accounted wise, having heard his warning to mortal men?”
Ithril smiled, “since we are no longer of that persuasion, I fear it has come too late to do us any good.”  Continued he, “this book is rather handy, it is nice to have a guidebook to things beyond human ken, a pity the entries are so brief concerning our own peculiar profession and that of our enemies.”  They exchanged a sudden, eager look then Ithril began flipping pages, before smiling triumphantly, “apparently this is the unabridged edition, for there is far more information here than the brief paragraph in the mortal appropriate version of the book.”
Bayard nodded his eagerness but then frowned, “it would be a fine thing to sit beside the fire of an evening and peruse the book, but I do not think rest is a thing we require any longer, save to maintain appearances.”
“No,” said Ithril thoughtfully, “so do we press on as hard as we can or do we stop occasionally to maintain appearances?”
“We had best ride as hard as we can and hope we can outride rumor,” said Bayard, “our mission will only grow more difficult if word reaches Zarot of our demise before we do.”
“You are absolutely no fun at all,” groused Ithril in feigned ire, “perhaps I should have left you at home and gone pleasure seeking with my former acquaintances?”
“They’re the ones who engineered your murder, Highness,” said Bayard, bland as tepid water, then smiling impishly, he added, “though it might have been far more exciting at that.”
“I doubt it,” sighed his Highness with a dramatic roll of his eyes, “besides, it isn’t as if you aren’t something of a traitor yourself.”
“Yes,” said Bayard with a slight, thoughtful frown, “I believe I am at that.  At least you can’t complain that our adventure, whatever it be, will now be dull.”  He grinned whole heartedly, “and it is just recompense for being executed for a murder I never committed.  If I am to be hung like a sheep thief, I’d like to at least taste the mutton first.”

A few days later, the party rode into Zarot with all pomp and ceremony, slightly ahead of their original schedule, but no one seemed all that enthused by their visit of state.  The peasantry vanished from the streets like mice in the presence of a cat while those with any importance or standing in the Kingdom either glowered at them in passing or wore speculative looks, as if wondering how this incursion of foreign royalty might somehow be of benefit to themselves.  As if this less than warm welcome were not discouraging enough, the very air seemed to hum with menace, despair, and dread, as if a fog of negativity hovered over the entire realm.
“What a wretched place,” said Ithril in dismay, “no wonder Master Perault had heard rumors of the evils stalking this disquiet Kingdom.”
“I am glad of our detour ere our arrival,” said Bayard quietly, “I must say, this is not a place I would wish to visit else.”
“Indeed!” agreed Ithril wholeheartedly, “But now, down to business.”
“Certainly,” said Bayard, as a bevy of flunkies and servants swarmed into the courtyard to see to the needs of the newcomers.
Ithril was hustled off to meet with all the important people while Bayard was left to his own devices, being nothing of interest, merely the companion of a foreign prince, which in itself was little enough honor, at least as the people of Zarot saw things.  As he gazed idly at the glowering portraits of long dead monarchs in a great gallery abutting the courtyard, at last someone deigned to speak with him.  A rather anonymous servant motioned for him to follow, and without introduction or explanation, led the foreign lord to a darkened room, lit only by a dying fire upon the hearth, and left him there, seemingly quite alone.
But a voice hissed from the shadows, quite visible to Bayard’s strange eyes, though perfectly hidden from mortal gaze, “I have a proposition to make, outlander.”  Bayard said nothing, but looked expectantly towards the hunched, darkly robed creature in the corner, no man was this, whatever lurked beneath the concealing garb, “you and your companion have walked unwittingly into a very dangerous situation, at least I assume it was done in ignorance?”  It paused for an answer, but as Bayard seemed determined to maintain a stony silence, the fiend snarled, “you are not making this any easier for yourself, mortal!”
“Speak villain,” said Bayard quietly, but cold as hard steel, “if you have an offer to make, be about it and quit dithering; I do not appreciate being trifled with.”
“You are not afraid?” murmured the creature, “Most curious,” there was no missing the sudden eagerness in the voice, “perhaps I have misjudged you?  You and your precious prince must be disposed of, the manner of which is left to me, but you will not be allowed to interfere, even accidentally, in plans that have been centuries in the making, but I give you a choice: you may profit thereby or be utterly destroyed.”
“The Prince will wish no part in your vile schemes,” said Bayard slowly, smiling ever so slightly, “but I would hear more.”
“Most excellent,” whispered the fiend, “this then is what we shall do...”

“I am undone,” groused Ithril, once he was at last alone with his companion.
“You know of our scheme already?” said the rather puzzled Bayard, he had been quite looking forward to betraying his friend, it wasn’t everyday he got to play the part of nefarious villain and traitor; indeed, this might be his only chance.
“I know nothing at all,” sighed the distraught Prince, “save that the meanest Zarotian peasant is of more value and interest than even the King of a foreign land.  I hardly rank above the residents of the palace piggery.”
Bayard arched an eyebrow and heroically suppressed a smile, “yes, but who can compare to bacon?  All of us are but wan seconds by comparison, and you do realize you are no longer a Prince vying for the hand of some fair maid?”
Ithril smiled vastly, half wry, half relieved, “you are correct my friend!  What was I thinking?”
“You weren’t,” chuckled Bayard, “which is why you have retained my services all this time.”
“That’s one adventure I’m happy to forego,” said Ithril.
Bayard frowned slightly in incomprehension, “thinking or seeking an eligible match?”
“Hopefully the latter,” said Ithril in exasperation, “I hope I am not as thoughtless as you imply?”
“Certainly not, Sire,” said Bayard with a wide grin, “but that does not mean I cannot tease you about it anyway.”
“Most wouldn’t dare,” sighed the Prince, he grinned villainously, “but then I suppose I can always call for your head.”
“As you wish, Sire,” said Bayard, far too blandly, but he could only contain his mirth for a moment, before both were utterly lost to an acute and severe case of the giggles.

“So you have met absolutely no one?” said Bayard the following day as they meandered through the woods, presumably on a hunting foray.
“I have met a few low level flunkies, certainly,” said the Prince, “but only long enough for them to tell me I might as well go home and quit wasting their time, for I would certainly not be given the chance to interact with anyone but the servants henceforth.”
“That will certainly make our mission far more difficult,” mused Bayard, “but happily I have made contact with someone who might lead us to the true power in this benighted realm.”
“You are enjoying this far too much, my friend,” said Ithril in surprise, “I thought you long prided yourself on your incorruptible integrity?”
“My integrity would only get both of us killed, Highness,” said Bayard, with an ill-suppressed grin, “this way, at least one of us can figure out what is going on.”
“Why do you get to have all the fun and adventures?” asked Ithril.
“My last adventure had very little that could be construed as fun associated with it,” said Bayard dryly.
“I suppose it wasn’t at that,” said the Prince, “and since I’m still an official Prince, at least as your new allies see things, I am still too precious a commodity to waste on adventures but am rather a hindrance to be got rid of if I am not useful to their schemes.”
“Precisely,” nodded Bayard with a grim smile, “it is about time you figured out that most sovereigns are merely decorative, like some priceless vase, the sole purpose of which is to gather dust and make the possessor feel important, but sometimes the most expedient means of helping the owner is to shatter the vessel.”
“Well said,” came a sinister but eager voice from the surrounding shrubbery, though neither of the Messengers could see the speaker, no matter how they searched.  Continued the unseen menace, “come along your Highness, we’ve a proper ending for this rather dull tale of yours and your friend has a promise to keep.”
“Very well,” said the Prince coldly, eyeing Bayard speculatively, “it seems we are at your mercy.”
“Hah!” spat the unseen fiend, “What’s mercy got to do with it?  Off your horses lads, the beasts won’t take my presence well, should I choose to reveal myself.”
The pair exchanged a wondering look, no wraith was this, whatever it be, before dismounting and following the voice deeper into the underbrush, continued their invisible guide, “I am rather disappointed Sire, you make this too easy.”  He laughed in a most sinister fashion, “or should I say, less messy?”
Ithril shuddered in unfeigned disgust, “I suspect that hiding yourself from casual sight is but the least of your vile powers.  How am I to fight something I do not understand and cannot anticipate?  Not that a mortal man is like to be able to hinder you in the least.”
“A pity you won’t ever be King lad,” chuckled the thing maliciously, “you have a good head on your shoulders, a great loss to your realm, but not to my dark masters.  This way.”  They followed silently after, able to hear the crunch of leaves underfoot and see branches and vegetation moving aside as the thing passed.
“Much like following a wind,” observed Bayard to the Prince.
“You’ll soon have the same powers, lad,” grated their guide, “if you have the nerve to see this through.”
“I will do what I must,” replied the boy stonily, “just make sure you keep your end of the agreement.”  The only reply was another of those menacing laughs.
“You’re certainly taking the betrayal of your friend well, Sire,” hissed the voice some time later as they continued their silent march.
“What is one more evil surprise on this grim day?” said Ithril in resignation, “At least I can understand what might cause a man to become a traitor, though I have absolutely no comprehension of your nature nor can I fathom why any man would wish to become something so alien, even to save his life.”
“Power,” slavered the creature eagerly.
“To each their own, I suppose,” sighed the Prince, “but it seems to me you have become naught but a slave.”
“We are all of us slaves to something, my friend,” said Bayard grimly, “that is why we must wisely choose our chains.”
“I still think we’re better off dead,” retorted Ithril, “rather than slaves to evil and death.”
“A dead man is still dead,” hissed the unseen cad, “be he good or evil.  Your perceived virtue will do nothing to save you from me.”  Came that horrid laugh once more, “and poor company will it give as you molder in your tomb.”  In grim silence, they walked on, ever on, until they finally came to what must be the dark heart of an otherwise mundane forest.  The sun dropped behind the western hills, draping all at last in darkness and revealing the long hidden form of their captor.  “Much better,” hissed the creature, a grey skinned, reptilian creature covered in warts with golden, snakelike eyes that glowed in the ambient gloom, “I cannot abide the light of that wretched sphere.”  It eyed Bayard eagerly, “and soon you too will abhor such garish light.”
Ithril eyed his friend skeptically, “are you so certain you want to become a thing like him?”
Bayard could not help smiling, grim though it be, “now that you mention it, it is rather ghastly at that.  No wonder it prefers to hide itself from casual sight.”
“I can make your deaths long and miserable, mortals,” snarled the reptile, “I would mind my manners, were I you!  What matters appearance when one has skills far beyond mortal ken?”
“True,” agreed Ithril, “but in my defense, you must remember I came to this dismal realm of yours in pursuit of a bride, therefore, appearance was everything until you so unhappily made our acquaintance.”
The thing smiled like it had never heard the definition thereof, continuing, “it little matters, for your pathetic existence has come to an end.”  It turned evil eyes upon Bayard, “kill him.”
“With my bare hands?” said Bayard in some surprise, “I thought there might be something more esoteric about these rites, something mysteriously ominous and horrid.  This seems rather brutal and mundane.”
“Look around!” hissed the serpentine villain, “Does this look like a place where grand feats or high rites are carried out?  Fool, get on with it!”
“No,” said Bayard dismally, “this dark and dripping wood looks exactly like a place one thug might murder another for naught but the contents of his pockets.  I expected better, something more gloriously hideous.  Why, any back alley footpad could contrive such a deed, why drag us all the way out here...?”  He never finished, for the creature had at last lost patience and easily reduced the dithering Messenger to a pile of unidentifiable carrion.
“Impressive,” said the Prince in surprised disgust, “I think that at least might have pleased my traitorous companion.”
“Are you interested now?” hissed the serpent eagerly, blood still dripping from its claws and muzzle.
“Not really,” sighed Ithril, “but before my own gory execution, may I ask you a few questions?”
“Certainly,” said the reptile, strangely flattered by the pathetic creature’s sudden interest in himself, it was not often he got to flaunt his powers before an appreciative audience, most ended as his recent victim had without even knowing who or what had attacked them.
“So what exactly are you?” asked Ithril eagerly.
“What do you mean by what?” snarled the offended monster.
Ithril pulled out his pocket guide and opened it, the fiend hissed in surprise and tensed to spring as the boy heedlessly pulled forth what might be a hidden weapon, but snarled imprecations under his breath to discover it was only a book and he had been made to look a fool.  The boy opened to the section on the more vile creatures that Perault had thus far cataloged, saying, “I have a little book here that lists any number of fantastic and mythical creatures, but I don’t see anything that particularly looks like you.”
“Perault!” laughed the horror with malicious glee, “That pedantic old fool?!  What could that imbecile possibly know about anything?”
“Splendid!” said Ithril, “He’d be ever so eager to make your acquaintance then.”
“I do not understand,” hissed the creature in growing agitation, “the wretch is dead!  I killed him myself; he never knew what hit him, just like your friend there.  He was a meddler and looking too deeply into things that must remain hidden, as are you.”  It tensed to spring once more, but not soon enough.
Not knowing what he was doing, Ithril’s hand began to glow, engulfing the entire hopeless glade in a blinding blue light.  When he could again see, the fiend was on the ground whimpering pitiably, its bloody claws covering its vacant eyes, apparently blinded by that unearthly light, while Master Perault stood nearby, studying the creature intently; Bayard was just gaining his feet and shared an impetuous grin with his friend, saying joyously, “now who is the one having the adventures?”
“This is quite the discovery, lads,” said Perault eagerly, “I’ve never seen such a thing in many a year.”
Ithril said dryly, “that’s because it prefers to go about unseen; it was veritably invisible when we first encountered it.”
“Truly?!” said Perault, “How astounding.”
Added the former Prince, “and it claims to have been the cause of your own undoing.”
“Ah!” said Perault in mounting astonishment, “Better and better!  Thank you lads!”
“Certainly, sir,” grinned Bayard, “it is the least we can do to repay your own kindness.”
“Perault?!” moaned the blinded serpent, “No!  It cannot be!  But wait?  Do I also hear the voice of that so-called traitor?  This was all a trick!  All three of you?  No!  It cannot be, it must not!  Lightwalkers, curse you...”  The thing trailed off as Perault touched a glowing hand to its shoulder and it slumped into unconsciousness.
He grinned wryly at the boys, “I’ll take this thing with me, lads, you two had best get back to whatever it was this stupendous discovery interrupted.”  The light flared forth once more in blinding intensity, and when it subsided, Perault and the original fiend were gone, but its identical twin and a similar looking horror now stood alone in the dismal clearing.  The pair studied one another and grinned widely, a hideous gesture on such a countenance, prompting an even more unseemly burst of amusement.
Bayard chuckled, “when that thing said I was to become one of them, little did we dream this was what it meant.”
Ithril thoughtfully studied his warty, scaled hand with its grim and deadly claws, “how are we to pose as members of this reprehensible conspiracy if we know nothing of these creatures or their proclivities.”
“We smile and nod,” said Bayard with that hideous grin.  Ithril frowned for a moment but then understood that his friend was not merely being facetious, but rather they were to play along as best they could and let their coconspirators reveal what they would, as they would.
Ithril’s smile mimicked that of his friend, “just like a royal ball!  Instead of pretending to actually know the poor girl’s name or being interested in her insipid chatter, we’ll just act as if we are in on the scheme and are a vital part of it.”
“Except you’ll never get a girl to dance with you, Highness, not in this visage, even were you King!” chuckled Bayard.
“A good thing my courting days are over then,” agreed Ithril, perhaps a bit too eagerly.
“Is that how you really behaved at a Ball?” said Bayard, in some astonishment.
“What else could I have done?” sighed the exasperated Prince, “You have no idea how many young ladies and all their assorted relatives to the fifth degree that I am forced to keep track of in excruciating detail!”
“You do have a point,” said Bayard, his smile at its irrepressible worst, “but come Sire, we have minions of evil to terrify now instead of witless young ladies.”
Ithril studied his grotesque companion with a wry grin, horrid in that vile countenance, “it would be grand fun to appear at a ball like this.”
Bayard nodded suddenly, “and that’s just what we’ll do!”
“Now you are talking,” rejoiced Ithril, “whoever thought one could actually enjoy a Royal Ball!”
“Certainly not a Prince,” agreed Bayard, “but we had best be off or we won’t accomplish anything, even dancing.”  Setting his words into action, they hastened back to the place they had left the horses, carefully draping themselves in a pair of hastily produced cloaks ere emerging from the underbrush lest the silly creatures take a fright.
As they rode back, Ithril said from within the confines of his deep hood, “how are we to infiltrate this ball of yours?  We can barely speak to the least of the scullions without causing offense in this benighted realm.”
“We’ll just do as the Zarotians do,” mused Bayard, “we’ll walk about with our noses in the air and act as if we have the right to be somewhere and no one will dare tell us we don’t.”
“And if that doesn’t work?” asked Ithril skeptically.
“We’ll drop our hoods,” said Bayard with anticipatory relish.
“You’re really going to enjoy this, aren’t you,” sighed Ithril.
“It will be a nice change,” chuckled his companion, “do you know how many balls I’ve merely survived, to say nothing of enjoying?”
“About as many as me,” smiled the Prince, “but with even less incentive to do so; at least I was considering the future of my father’s realm.  You just got to supervise the dessert table.”  Bayard made no reply, for they were nearing the city and dared not be overheard, most especially their mirth.  They clattered into the stableyard, eyed hostilely by the various servants, grooms, and guards, but paying them no heed, they handed over their mounts and silently retreated into the palace proper.  They withdrew to the Prince’s chambers and hoped to speak quietly together, but Bayard raised a warning hand ere the Prince said a word and immediately loosed a burst of that wondrous light.  When no invisible reptile appeared, they exchanged a knowing smile and at last began to plot.
“It will be difficult to tell who is actually involved in the plot against the Kingdom and who is just suspicious and hostile because they are a native Zarotian,” said Bayard.
“Is this Kingdom even worth saving?” mused Ithril, then answering his own question, he said, “If it weren’t, our Master would not have sent us thus.”  
Bayard was saved a reply by a sudden pounding upon the door.  Making sure their hoods were concealing their hideous faces, the lordling answered the summons, revealing a Zarotian footman, who announced without preamble, “the Outlander Prince and his Companion are hereby invited to a Royal Ball in honor of a Most Distinguished Lady, just arrived in country.”  He turned on his heel and marched away as briskly as he had come without another word.  Bayard shut the door and they exchanged an incorrigible grin.  No ball for an Outlander Prince’s honor, but for a mysterious Lady?  Perhaps they thought it expedient for the outlanders to entertain one another?
“What a strange country!” said the exasperated Prince.
“I wonder,” mused Bayard, his smile becoming quite eager, “I almost think I know who this great Lady must be.”
“Your enigmatical companion in drowning my mortal remains?” laughed the Prince, “Now all we need is Master Perault and it will be quite the party.”
“What a perfectly wonderful idea,” agreed Bayard, “I’m sure he’d love to come.”
“Only if he is more exciting than his usual visage portrays,” warned Ithril lightly.
“At least he’d charm all our enemies into a wakeless sleep the moment he entered the hall,” chuckled Bayard, sobering he added, “but I think there is far more to him than his fusty exterior.”
“At least he can come as himself,” groused Ithril.
“We’ll just take a few dressing hints from the wraith that crashed your last ball,” said Bayard.
“Not a bad idea,” agreed the Prince, “it will certainly be better than these ridiculous cloaks!  Did you see the servants’ reaction to see us so garbed withindoors?”
Bayard wore a sloppy grin, “as far as the Zarotians are concerned, Outlanders are all of them ridiculous and nothing we do is like to make them think worse of us.”
“Even being turned into a hideous monster and attending a ball?” asked Ithril with raised eyebrows.
Bayard shook his head grimly, “even that I’m afraid.”  His smile became dangerous, “but let us hope it will make our enemies at least think twice.”

“This is completely hopeless,” repined the Prince as he tossed his fifteenth hat aside, trying to hide his horrid features while still appearing well dressed.
“We have no choice,” agreed Bayard.
“You mean?” gasped Ithril.
“Yes,” sighed Bayard, “we need professional help.”
“I’ve been saying that for years,” grinned Ithril.
“Not that sort of help,” said Bayard with a shake of his head, but he smiled and added, “and I know just the person.”  His hand began to glow and suddenly a most distinguished looking Lady appeared in their chambers, perhaps The Distinguished Lady.
The Lady Violet blinked at the horrid creatures before her, clad in a very strange assortment of finery, and could not seem to decide whether to laugh or reach for her sword, but the manner of her arrival seemed to give her pause and at last she did laugh like a chorus of merry bells, “this is certainly a strange sight!”
Bayard grinned in reply, “no stranger than a fine lady traipsing into the dungeons to chat with a man condemned for regicide, I think.”
“Ah!” said she, “How may I be of service?”  But she could hear no reply, if there was one, lost as she suddenly was to an obscene case of hilarity.  At last, catching her breath, she continued, “you want to go to the ball but are unsure how best to dress so as to conceal your most interesting visage.”  She nodded succinctly and rolled up her sleeves, “well, you’ve called in the proper reinforcements.”
Once properly dressed, they likewise summoned Master Perault.  He blinked at the strange assemblage, unable to see the faces of two of his companions, so lost in lace and shadow were the gentlemen of the party, but he immediately recognized Lady Violet, but as she could barely maintain a neutral countenance, he immediately suspected something quite odd was afoot.  He made the proper courtesies to the Lady and then turned to the mysterious gentlemen, with a questioning glance.  Bayard eagerly invited him to the ball, which seemed to astonish Master Perault no end and spelled doom for any chance of the Lady maintaining a neutral expression.  She burst out laughing at the incongruous situation, which seemed to decide the gentleman as to his course of action.  
Said he, “of a certainty, anything which can so discomfit the Lady must be a most intriguing affair indeed.”  In less than a moment, Perault was as finely clad as any head librarian in the greatest literary collection in the world might be.  He offered the Lady his arm, “shall we go?”  No one could disagree with such sense, and as the Lady was once again mistress of herself, they exited the chamber.
The King was all excitement to see the Distinguished Lady enter the room, eager as he was to find his son a proper bride, but less than enthused to see a stranger upon her arm and two indistinguishable fellows following at their leisure.  She made the proper courtesies and introduced her companions as the Outlander Prince and his Companion along with a Most Distinguished Scholar.  His Highness grunted sourly at her companions, but was all smiles for the Lady herself.  Taking the hint, all three of the gentlemen bowed themselves away from the Lady and melted into the crowd, which drew aside as if they carried plague, but she was not long alone, for the Prince of Zarot immediately assumed the place abandoned by her Outlandish Companions, causing Master Perault to remark, “it seems the King certainly has an ulterior motive.”
Ithril smiled vastly, “he’d never bother to throw such an affair in my honor however.”
“If only you were a Distinguished Lady, he would,” quipped Bayard.
“So that’s my problem,” replied the former Prince.
“Among others,” said his friend most blandly.
Sighed Master Perault, “what have I entangled myself in?”
“I believe your first impression of us was quite correct, sir,” smiled Ithril.
Said their elder quite grimly, “I fear you are right, lad.”
“Be gone,” hissed a venomous voice behind them, “who is this prattling fool?  We must needs speak, dismiss this creature and let us be about our own business.”  
Three sets of eyes turned to gaze curiously upon this rude interruption, but there was little to see, save a man as thickly veiled as either of the two junior Lightwalkers.  Perault eyed the thing stonily, gave his best impersonation of an offended Zarotian, and ambled off into the crowd, which grumblingly gave way before the foreigner as the water parts around a stone in the midst of a creek.  The creature watched the stranger retreat before snarling in anger, “why associate with the foreign riffraff?  Who knows what its associations may be?  Come!”  They retreated silently into a quiet alcove and the intruder resumed, demanding, “each of you show me your claws,” as he bared his own hand, revealing a warty, clawed hand, much like their own.  Satisfied, the creature continued, “excellent, I see we have a new recruit.  Very soon we must act, for I do not like the sudden advent of all these foreigners about the realm.  We’ve taken care of that upstart Prince but what of the lady and the scholar?  What were you doing with the fellow?”
“Should we not be as suspicious of the foreigners as you are?” asked Ithril with a hiss.
“Spying, eh?” said the monster, apparently well-pleased, “Very good, continue and see what you can do about the creature.  Whatever happens, just see that he troubles us no more.”
“And the Lady?” asked Bayard eagerly.
“Leave her to me,” hissed the creature in anticipation.  The boys could not help but smile beneath all their concealing garb as they imagined who would be dealing with whom in such an instance.
“When shall we move against the Kingdom at large?” asked Ithril boldly.
“Patience!” growled the reptile, “We have been centuries in the planning, a few more days matter nothing, but striking ere the iron is hot will ruin all!  Do nothing without my leave.”  Each nodded their agreement and then they melted back into the swirling throng.
“I will say that being free to plan intrigues and enact plots makes a ball so much more interesting than simply dancing with every woman of marriageable age in the Kingdom,” grinned Ithril.
“What intrigues or plots have I ever gotten involved in at a ball?” replied Bayard patiently, “It isn’t as if the Prince’s right hand man is allowed to have his own agenda.  Let me assure you that watching you dance is even less exciting than doing the dancing.”
“Well,” said the Prince, “you did originally get us into this mess at just such a function.”
“I suppose I did at that,” agreed Bayard, “perhaps there is hope for us after all.”
Master Perault soon joined them and queried, “what of your uncouth companion?”
“He’s determined that we make an end of you and he shall take care of the Lady,” said Bayard conversationally.
“Why am I here?” retorted Perault, “I’d much rather be out looking for unique specimens.”
Bayard glanced about at the crowd and could not help but quip, “there are quite a few unique specimens amongst the throng, my good sir.”
Perault studied the gaudily clad and foppish masses and had to agree, “those weren’t exactly the specimens I had in mind lad, but you are quite right.”
“Who knows?” grinned Ithril, “Who or what might turn up ere the tale is told.”
“Indeed!” agreed Master Perault, “One must occasionally change the habitat where one hunts if one is to find unique specimens, besides, it is probably good for me, I fear I may be growing too cantankerous and antisocial with naught for company but the Enemy’s minions!”  The boys exchanged a hidden smile within the depths of their concealing finery, remembering their first encounter with the esteemed academian but refrained from reminding him of that very fact.
“Well, this is certainly exciting,” groused the former Prince after a full ten minutes of absolutely nothing to do except watch the Zarotian Prince and his Distinguished Lady whirl about the floor.
“Now you know how I felt times beyond count,” replied Bayard.
“And you still called me friend?” said Ithril in astonishment.
“I was rather hard up for acquaintances, I guess,” mused Bayard.
“At least you are well practiced in the art then,” smiled the Prince, “whereas it may well be lethal to me.”
“Like a poison then?” interjected Perault, “One can slowly build up a tolerance to it if it is begun slowly?”
“Exactly!” chuckled Bayard.
“No wonder I avoid decent society whenever I can,” said Perault grimly, “why am I here again?”
“That’s an excellent question, mortal,” hissed a voice behind them, “your life is forfeit and for what?  A little glib chatter!  Fool!  Come quietly, we need not make a scene.”  They felt his glower even though they couldn’t see his face, snarled he at his presumed companions, “why must I do everything?  Can’t you do something so simple as tying up this loose end?  Keep an eye on our beloved Prince and his Lady, I’ll finish this wretch and return shortly.”
Perault shrugged, gave his companions a wry look, and quietly followed the anonymous monster off into the milling crowd.  But the creature did not return as swiftly as it had promised, and when it did, it did not move through the crowd as smoothly as it had left, which made the Messengers rather suspicious that things were not as they seemed, not in the least, for it navigated the crowded ballroom as if it was quite unused to such ordeals.
“Who made an end of whom?” whispered Bayard eagerly when the thing drew up alongside them.
Said the hooded fiend proudly, “you may not see Master Perault for a time, me thinks, but as for the monster, well, I doubt it will ever be troubling anyone again.”
“Wonderful,” chuckled Ithril, “so that leaves us in charge of a plot that is absolutely unknown to us?”
“What else is new?” grinned Perault, “This occupation isn’t exactly known for its sensible plotlines, lad.”
“That’s for sure,” smiled Bayard, “nothing has made sense since my last unfortunate ball.”
“There you go bashing the ultimate expression of societal greatness again,” chided Ithril, “one would think you had no respect for decent society and its ways.”
“I don’t,” agreed Bayard heartily, “did you not just say something quite similar yourself?”
“Perhaps I did,” said Ithril grudgingly, “but I’ve never been to a ball where I haven’t been the center of attention before.”
“It isn’t balls you like,” smiled Perault, “it’s the attention that goes with them.”
“Then I have certainly picked the wrong profession,” said the former Prince in feigned horror.
“Agreed,” said Bayard as grimly as he could muster under the prevailing circumstances, “this is no job for a snooty Prince.”
“Or anyone who wants laud and honor of any sort,” nodded Perault, “our exploits aren’t exactly known to anyone but ourselves.”
“And right now we don’t even know what our current exploits entail,” added Ithril, “it all sounds rather hopeless!”
“What else do you expect from a ball!” countered Bayard, “I’ve been telling you that for years.”
“And thus have I avoided them,” added Perault.
“Very well,” sighed Ithril in mock disgust, “have it your way, it is all the ball’s fault, if we weren’t having such a lavish function now or ever, all would certainly be well with the world!”
“Quite!” seconded Bayard.
Perault eyed the pair askance, beginning to wonder if they were truly serious or simply mad.  Ithril shook his head and smiled ruefully, “forgive us, my friend, we are merely in jest.  You should see how he carries on when we’re alone.”
“This little display is quite enough for me, thanks!” replied Perault, “Those gloomy ruins are looking more and more welcoming by the moment.  You’re all mad, all of you!”
Bayard shrugged, “what else is new?  So how do we tie up the loose ends of this little plot so you can escape back to the safety of your forsaken castles?”
Ithril doffed his concealing headgear and donned the most hideous expression he could muster as he dashed into the center of the room towards the Prince and his Lady.  Perault and Bayard exchanged a longsuffering look, shrugged, and did likewise, setting the crowd immediately into panic mode and producing a very impressive stampede.  People shrieked in terror, collided and tripped as they tried to flee, knocked over the food tables, and nearly sent the palace up in flames as various candelabras were likewise upset in the chaos.
Ithril snatched the Lady from the astonished Prince in mid-twirl and dashed from the room with his prize, followed closely by his two repulsive associates and the irate Prince, sword in hand, but everyone else chose to fly in the opposite direction, leaving the young man quite alone with the horrid creatures and his Lady in a distant corner of the palace gardens.
“Unhand her, you monster!” demanded the Prince of the vile looking creature.
“Or else what?” queried the thing, “You are quite outnumbered and alone, Highness!”
“Take me in her stead,” said the Prince in resignation, conceding the monster’s point.
“Truly?!” gaped the creature, not thinking to find such a noble heart amongst the otherwise snooty and disdainful Zarotians.
His eyes narrowed at this unseemly outburst from the hideous being before him, said the Prince slowly, “who are you, what are you?  Why have your repulsive companions not leapt upon me already?  I am truly at your mercy yet you exhibit surprise rather than triumphing over me in my foolishness or mocking my noble intentions.  If you are a villain, you are quite a novice, horror though you be.”
The three horrors exchanged a surprised but knowing look before relaxing their defensive and threatening postures, the Lady laughed heartily, and all faced the silently gaping Prince, who could only repeat in an astonished whisper, “who are you?”
“Charlatans,” smiled Master Perault, “sent to undermine the plots imperiling your Kingdom.”
“Ah!” said the boy eagerly, “Then we had best withdraw to a place less replete with potential spies; who knows what or who may be lurking amidst these shrubs.”  They all nodded their eager agreement and followed the Prince to a secluded back room of the palace where they might speak at leisure.  Bayard released a quick burst of blue light just in case, but the room was clear of enemies.  The three monsters exchanged an eager grin and allowed themselves to resume their more usual appearance, much to the Prince’s astonishment and relief, while the Lady smiled hugely the whole time.  He glanced at her worriedly, but she did not mutate into a hideous beast while her companions morphed back into unremarkable men.
“So you have come to rescue my realm?” said the Prince eagerly, “I see that you are indeed sorcerers of the first order, and glad am I to have your aid, for I fear I am the only one in the entire Kingdom who wants things to revert to the way they have ever been.”
Perault gaped, “you are saying most of your folk prefer things as they are now?”
“Yes,” said the boy gravely, “it was not always so, things were quite different when I was a boy, but over the last decade, especially since my mother’s death, things have grown darker and grimmer each year.”  His eyes narrowed as he studied Ithril more closely, “are you not the foreign Prince?”
“I was,” said Ithril quietly, “but now I am something of an adventurer and wannabe hero.”
“Indeed!” said the Prince, Kipril by name, “I almost wish I could join you.  This realm is no longer fit for civilized and honorable men to call home, but it is my country and if I do not rescue it, who will?”
“Well spoken, Highness,” smiled Lady Violet approvingly, “you are a Prince among Princes.”
His eyes narrowed as he pensively gazed upon Ithril, “perhaps, but I am merely doing my duty as I see it.  Why then have you abandoned your own station?”
Ithril dropped his gaze, unable to explain and grieved by what this honorable man must think of him, but Bayard came to his rescue, “it is not as you think Sire, for he would not have abandoned his post willingly, but rather was forced from it by the nefarious actions of others.  Indeed, very soon you will likely hear rumors of grievous happenings in our former homeland, especially involving the heir to the throne.”
“Very well,” said Kipril, “I will let the matter rest until there is proof to the contrary.”  He exhaled heavily, “indeed, I must not look askance at willing help when I thought myself utterly alone in this fight.  What can you tell me of these plots?”
Perault shook his head, “we were hoping you could tell us something of them.  All we know is that there are some hideous looking creatures, with the ability to become invisible, stalking the Kingdom.  We’ve dispatched several of the beasties and taken their place, as you’ve observed this evening, but we know nothing more.”
Kipril shook his head gravely, “all I can tell you is that despair and disquiet have multiplied a hundredfold in the last ten years in my wretched country and that certain key individuals have either vanished entirely or been found brutally murdered by means unknown, though I do not now doubt the culprits.  How do you propose we unravel this mystery?”
“How is it you have maintained your honor and nobility when everyone else in this disquiet realm seems to embrace disdain for all others as eagerly as a lady dons the latest fashions?” queried Ithril, having recovered a semblance of poise after the other’s doubts about his integrity.
“I remember my mother,” said Kipril sadly, “she was the first to die mysteriously, for she was the very heart of the realm and an example to us all.”
“Is that why you were so eager to make an alliance with a foreign Lady even when all your countrymen look down upon outlanders?” mused Violet.
“Precisely madam,” said he with a sad smile, “I had high hopes that you might yet be untainted with the scorn and bitterness that has so poisoned all the ladies of my own realm.  I was quite eager for the acquaintance, thus all my underlings must likewise be so.”
“And none of your royal sisters would think to likewise make an alliance with an outlander prince,” nodded Ithril in understanding.
“No,” agreed the Prince, “their hearts and minds are as twisted as any other in the Kingdom; they’d rather marry a Zarotian pig than an Outlander King.”  At this observation, Bayard and Ithril exchanged an overly amused grin, but the Prince did not see, so lost was he to his own grief and disquiet thoughts, but Lady Violet raised her eyebrows at their unfeeling reaction while Perault narrowed his eyes, wondering what secret mayhem had thus passed between that irrepressible pair.
“Perhaps if we destroy all the vile reptiles?” asked Bayard hopefully.
“That may weaken the hold evil has over this realm,” mused Parault, “but I fear it will not cure the problem.  It has taken ten years for Zarot to decline to this point, we cannot hope to rebuild it in a fortnight.”
“It may well take generations,” agreed the Prince, “for the hearts of men more readily embrace evil thoughts and ways than they give them up.”
“So what are we to do?” said Ithril in dismay.
“We’ll do as your friend suggests and make sure the villains behind this plot are neutralized, thus allowing the healing to begin, if the Zarotians want to be healed,” said Perault quietly.
“But what if they don’t?” protested Bayard.  The elder Messengers shook their heads sadly.
Lady Violet answered, “we can but destroy the minions of evil and ensure folk have the information they need, but it is for each soul to decide what he or she will or will not do with that information in particular and their lives in general.”
“Zarot may never recover from this grievous blow,” said Kipril quietly, “that is why I hoped to make an agreeable marriage to a lady of equal heart and virtue as my mother, hoping by my example and our influence we might somehow reverse the curse that lies heavy on so many hearts in this realm.  But it may be too little, too late.”  He eyed the Lady hopefully, “I suppose you have duties elsewhither and would decline the offer of my hand?”
She smiled sadly, “I am forbidden from all such entanglements Highness, but we shall do what we can to free your realm from the undue influence of evil, I only wish there was more we could do.”
“Ridding my Kingdom of such horrors will be a good start,” said he in resignation but not surprise.  So that’s exactly what they did.
The little company split up and combed the entire palace grounds and every room in the castle, releasing bursts of light as they went and dealing with any more monstrosities they found lurking about.  They continued to patrol thus for several weeks but happily found no more of the vile creatures lurking about.  Said the Lady in parting, “we have done all we can here Highness, I do not think there are any of the horrid things left about your palace at least.  Now what?”
The Prince could not help but grin, “your companions have agreed to accompany me on a foreign tour of state in pursuit of a worthy bride.”
Perault nodded, “someone needs to keep them out of trouble.”
“Precisely,” agreed the Prince, as they all shared a merry laugh, quite out of character with the prevailing ambiance of Zarot of late, but quite a welcome change to its Prince.
“But what of the Kingdom in your absence?” queried Perault.
“I go for the sake of my realm’s future, sir,” said the Prince quietly, “if it cannot survive my absence a short while then it has not strength for the future I hope to one day see.  If it is fated to fall, then fall it must, but I must do what I can in the interim even if it is futile.”
“Besides,” grinned Lady Violet impishly, “there will be a Distinguished Lady about to distract all and sundry whilst the Prince is away and keep an eye on things in his absence.”  Ithril exchanged a curious look with Bayard, at which the Lady laughed in sheer delight, “you wonder why the court did not find you so intriguing, oh Outlander Prince?  Princes are common enough in the wide world, what is one more?  A Distinguished Lady however, is quite a mystery!”  The menfolk shook their heads in confounded wonder, seeming to prove her point, if not comprehending her meaning, triggering another merry laugh on her part.
They parted then, each about their own duties, wondering what would come of the benighted realm but knowing its fate was outside their purview and therein they must be content.  “Haven’t we done this before?” queried Bayard of Ithril as they rode back the way they had come.
“We tried,” mused Ithril, “but remember we did not get very far.  Perhaps this time we shall fair better?”
“It could hardly be worse!” chuckled his friend.
“Agreed,” smiled the former Prince amusedly.
“Of what are you speaking?” asked the current Prince.
“Upon his own attempted journey hither, Sire,” grinned Bayard, “he barely made it out of sight of his own castle!”
“Not that it would have availed you, I fear,” said Kipril thoughtfully, “as you have seen, my Kingdom is not replete with noble ladies of character seeking husbands.  Is yours in better straits?”
“Hardly,” sighed Ithril, “it is not so lost to conceit and disdain as yours but I could not find a suitable lady of virtue and sense among the whole waltzing horde.”
“I thought the term was ‘galloping horde?’” asked Bayard with a frown.
Ithril burst out laughing, “you have already forgotten the countless balls you were forced to attend, my friend?  Ladies dance, not ride, but perhaps that is my problem: I forgot to check the stables, for I am sure I looked everywhere else!”
“Then to the stables we go,” agreed Kipril cheerily, as if this made all the sense in the world.  His companions exchanged a concerned look, wondering if their nonsense had truly driven the Prince mad, but suddenly understanding dawned in their own hearts as they were caught up in the young Prince’s prophetic mood.

Cambria stood in the aisle of the Royal Stable obliviously stroking the nose of her favorite hunter, as her mind wandered happily in the dreamy and hopeful climes familiar to most girls just verging on womanhood, when a sudden noise near the main doors startled her back to the present and sent her scuttling for cover into the nearest empty stall, only to find it suddenly occupied by more than just herself.  Indeed, there was hardly room for her to crouch in the back of the stall with the stallion and his handler that had just entered it, forcing her to straighten and reveal herself to the man, lest she be trampled.
“I beg you pardon madam!” cried the boy leading the horse.
“Never mind the wench,” scowled an angry voice from the back of the stables, “she’s no right to be where’s she’s least wanted, especially in the way of her betters!”
“That is no way to talk to or about a lady!” said the scandalized Prince, as the lady in question first flinched back from the rough words of the groom and then gaped in astonishment at this stranger’s defense of her honor.
“Pah!” grated the enraged groom, “She’s no lady, merely the daughter of the head stableman and pesky as the mice in the feed room!”
“A lady is a lady, no matter her station,” retorted the Prince vehemently, “and speaking of station, is that any way to speak to a Prince?”
The minion paled so suddenly Kipril feared he might faint, but he crumpled his hat in his hands and said contritely, “forgive me highness, it’s just, well...”
“In your experience Royalty does not attend to the needs of their own beasts?” posited the amused monarch, “Well let that be a lesson to you: you ought to treat everyone as if they are nobility and deserving of the best that is in you, for you never know when or who might surprise you.”  The man bobbed about thirty contrite bows before scurrying back into whatever nook or cranny he had materialized from in order to berate the girl.
Said girl had been watching the whole incident with wide eyes, remembering some of her girlish fantasies, she then blushed terribly and dropped her eyes as Kipril turned to address her, with a very courteous bow, he said, “well met my lady, well met indeed!”  Her face flushed even more crimson, were that possible, but she returned the gesture in kind, never taking her eyes from the fascinating straw that littered the floor.  Continued he, unflustered in the least, silently musing what his countrymen would think if they heard the tale of the lady’s origins, “would you care to be my guest for the ball that will undoubtedly be held to celebrate my advent in your fair realm?”
“Not more dancing!” protested a familiar voice, but not one she had ever thought to hear again in the waking world, so startled was she that she could not help but lift her eyes in search of the source; it could not be!  The momentarily forgotten Prince took the opportunity to finally gaze upon the maiden’s comely features as she sought the source of the voice.
Suddenly Bayard burst into the already overcrowded stall, though in a guise slightly different from that known to the inhabitants of his former abode, Cambria was not fooled, not in the least.  He was rather astonished to see her there as well, especially with that thoughtful, knowing look in her eyes.  He froze and could only lamely say, “oh!”
The Prince grinned broadly, sensing extreme awkwardness between the pair, said he, “would you care to introduce me to your friend?”
Bayard blinked and then blinked again as the Prince’s polite request drew him back into action; he saw the questions burning in the lady’s eyes, but minutely shook his head that they must wait, and then made the appropriate introductions.  Afterwards, the Prince continued, “I am sorry, my friend, but international law absolutely requires a celebratory dance upon such an occasion; you would not wish to cause an international incident would you?”
“I suppose not,” smiled Bayard sheepishly, “it is just that my experience with balls of late has been rather dismal.”
“It isn’t about you at all,” smiled Kipril impishly, “that might be your problem right there!  Besides, I would not like to disappoint the lady...”  He trailed off awkwardly as he searched about for the girl but could not find her.
Ithril popped his head over the stall partition and queried, “lose something, Sire?”
Bayard grinned, “I fear his charms have overwrought the head groom’s daughter, forcing her to flee for her sanity, poor girl!”
Kipril was rather dismayed at her flight and broached as much to his companions, Ithril added, “I do not think it a good idea for her to be alone at the moment, whatever comes of the matter afterwards.  I doubt our enemies are ignorant of what we intend on this little foray and will do everything in their power to thwart us.”
Bayard said hesitantly, “that’s not all, she recognized me,” which elicited a grimace from Ithril, for this would only complicate matters.
Kipril crossed his arms and eyed his companions warily, “what is going on here?  I’ve trusted you this far since you were of great help in rooting out the evil in my realm, but you have never told me who or what you are nor have I asked, hoping you would entrust me with that information at some point upon our journey, and now that we are in your homeland, I think it best if you tell me what is going on, else I fear we must part company.”
The Messengers exchanged a thoughtful look, nodded their concurrence, as Bayard began, “upon our introduction,” here he could not help but grin in remembrance, “you learned that we have a few uncanny skills, including the ability to change our faces or form and also that my companion is the former Prince of this land, but you received no further insight though you assumed us to be wizards at the first, since then I don’t know what your thoughts or assumptions on the matter have been nor have we been forthcoming about the truth.”  
Here he paused to gather his thoughts, looking hopefully to Ithril for help, but the irrepressible former Prince could only smile and say, “you are doing splendidly my friend and I am loath to interrupt.”
“Some help you are!” sighed Bayard in feigned exasperation, continuing in a more serious vein, “The truth of the matter is...as far as our folk know...we’re...well...part of the reason the girl was so astonished is that...”
“What my friend is trying to say, Sire,” grinned Ithril from ear to ear at Bayard’s awkwardness in relating the subject, “is that he was hanged for regicide.”
“Truly?!” said the astounded Prince, shifting nervously with sudden doubt and a thousand questions, “who was murdered and how did he survive?”
Ithril beamed, “I was the unfortunate victim, though technically so was he, for he was framed.”
“I can see how the girl might find your meeting again rather awkward,” chuckled the Prince in relief, “and I see there is far more to the tale than you have yet related.  How is it a man survives death?”
“Death must be endured by each of us in our turn, Highness,” said Bayard quietly, “but there is much more beyond it than we can even begin to dream, but we are not allowed to tell you much more.”  Suddenly both Messengers were tense and on the alert, before they exchanged a grim nod and Bayard dashed from the stables with all haste.
Ithril answered the Prince’s unspoken question, “we have left your lady friend alone too long.”

Cambria ducked out of the stall and dashed blindly from the stables, her mind and heart reeling with embarrassment, fear, hope, dread, joy, and a hundred other thoughts, emotions, and questions she could not begin to sort out.  It was Bayard, she was certain of it, but how could it be?  A real Prince had come to her rescue and requested her to accompany him to an actual ball, how splendid!  Was she dreaming?  Was she mad?  She felt that ghosts were more probable than fairy tales coming true, but she did not even know where to begin.  At last she collapsed in a gasping heap in a little glade whither she always fled when afraid, worried, lonely, or in trouble, wherein she might think the matter through and calm her agitated heart or mind while deciding what next was to be done.
But she was not alone in her refuge nor did she have time to reflect or calm herself, for there was a veritable villain with her in the pleasant clearing and it was inspiring emotions of a very opposite sort.  She collapsed in terror as the horrid thing approached, a skeletal wraith wrought of darkly glowing smoke.  It smiled dreadfully and reached out a bony finger, saying as it did so, “let us see what comes of his aspirations now!”
She thought they might vanish together into some dark and dreadful region beyond mortal reckoning wherein she would languish for all eternity, or until that wonderful Prince came himself through trials grim and terrible to rescue her.  But the moment it touched her it faded away like so much mist before a driving wind.  Her girlish heart was quite astonished and not a little disappointed with so anticlimactic an end to the tale.  But she still had her initial conundrums to deal with, so perhaps it was not so grievous a loss, one crisis at a time was plenty and she had had crises in triplicate this last hour.
Suddenly Bayard was there and she could not help it, the tears burst forth and she ran to him sobbing like a scared little girl, but he did not scold her or laugh, but rather held her tight and let her weep and blubber as she must until she could again speak intelligibly.  “...and then you were dead and it was horrible and now you’re not...” here she hiccupped and coughed and began anew but on a different tack, “and was it a real prince?  And did he really say he’d take me to a ball?  And what was that thing?  And why did it just leave without stealing my soul or anything?”
Bayard froze, “what thing?”
Irritated at his focus on such an unimportant detail, she drew herself up in fury and said, “what matters that ghost when so much else has happened?”
“Did it touch you?” asked he with quiet dread.
“Yes...” said she slowly, her brow furrowing, “but what matters that?”
“Show me,” said he grimly.
With a shrug, she showed him the afflicted hand, asking in growing dread as she saw the fear in his eyes, “what is it?”  He fumbled in his pocket for a certain book and opened it to the appropriate page, letting her read her own doom for herself.  She fell on his shoulder sobbing once more.
Ithril and Kipril slipped quietly into the little copse, the former picking up the discarded book, yet open to that certain page, handing it grimly to the worried Prince, who scanned it quickly, his jaw dropping, and then rereading it carefully.  Said he grimly, “is there no hope, no cure?  This is all my fault!”
“Nay Sire,” said Bayard gravely, “it is the work of the Enemy and his fell minions and none of our doing, do not blame yourself.”
“But is there a remedy,” queried he desperately, “tell me that there is aught that I can do and I will do it.”
“Nay Highness,” said Ithril with a grim shake of his head.
“Are you certain?” came the nearly panicked reply.
The Messengers exchanged a pensive look, Ithril sighed heavily but his hand began to glow as he said, “I fear there is nothing to be done, but we are by no means experts upon the matter.”  Perault suddenly appeared in a flash of blue light and immediately ascertained that matters were grim indeed, between the weeping lady and the grave looks of his former companions.
Asked the newcomer, “what ails the maid?”
The Prince handed him his own book, one look at the appropriate page was enough, said he, “it touched her?”  Bayard nodded grimly.
Begged the Prince, “is there any hope?”
“For a cure, no,” began the Messenger, but there was such a pathetic look upon the lad’s face that he added, “the wraith’s curse will have its due, but perhaps it need not claim the victim the villain intended?”
“What are you saying?” asked Bayard in astonishment, “You are not saying one can somehow escape such an end?”
“I don’t know,” corrected the philosopher, “it is only a theory and an untested one at that.”
“Whatever it takes,” said the Prince sternly, “I will attempt it.”
“Would you die in her place?” retorted the grim man.
“Certainly,” said Kipril without thought, hesitation, or fear.
“He is a real Prince!” squealed the overwrought girl immediately before swooning into blissful insensibility.
“You can’t!” protested Ithril, “What of your people, your Kingdom?”
“Are you trying to say my life is worth more than hers?” asked the Prince quietly, “Should I not practice what I have just preached to that ill-mannered stableman?”
“She does not have a nation’s future depending on her decisions,” corrected Perault, “the Enemy is trying to strike at you through her!”
“We shall see,” grinned the Prince eagerly, his companions too suddenly becoming thoughtful as thoughts unbidden stirred in their hearts.
Smiled Perault grimly, “I’ll leave you lads to it then!”  He vanished in a brilliant flash of blue, leaving the others to plot as they would.
Quipped Ithril, “what’s one Prince more or less, after all?”

Cambria blinked awake, thinking the whole adventure had been a very strange dream and not a little disappointed that she would miss out on the tale entirely.  But the three impishly grinning faces that met her gaze upon waking made her immediately reconsider her assumptions and begin doubting her sanity.  Said she to Bayard in wonder, “will someone please tell me what is going on?”
With a shrug, Bayard told her the whole tale from beginning to end, much astounding not only the lady but the Prince as well.  Spake he, “can this be my tale as well?”
Bayard shook his head in perplexity but smiled nonetheless, “who are we to say yea or nay, Highness?  Now what is your own scheme?”
Kipril smiled widely and then told his own plans, happily Cambria did not faint this time, but protested, “I do not understand, why me?  A nobody and a nothing!”
“Nay lady,” grinned he, “you’ll be a veritable Princess!”
Tears filled her eyes, “but at the cost of your life!”
“I thought you believed in fairy tales, milady?” asked he gently.
“I do,” said she with a feigned scowl, “but that doesn’t make this decision any easier!”
“It’s never easy,” said Bayard quietly, “but sometimes it is necessary.”
“Very well,” sighed she, “what happens next?”
“We need professional help!” said Bayard triumphantly.
“I’ve been telling you that for years,” grinned she, her humor suddenly restored by his familiar banter.
“Not that sort of help, sadly,” added Ithril, his hand beginning to glow.  And suddenly the Lady Violet was there to help with another dire fashion emergency.
“A Princess, eh?” asked she after hearing the tale, “I think we can manage that, but we had best make it official quickly else one or the other of you isn’t going to be presentable, even for sordid company.”
Bayard shivered in remembrance, “what are we waiting for?”  Suddenly the whole company was engulfed in that wonderful light and they were on the outskirts of Kipril’s Kingdom once more.
“I’ll leave you gentlemen to sort out your own frippery whilst I attend to the lady,” ordered Violet, drawing her young charge off into the surrounding trees.  The lads shrugged but soon had themselves properly outfitted for introducing the Prince’s betrothed lady about court.
Kipril nodded proudly as he looked over his companions, “none will think you are other than Zarotian born and bred, my friends, well done.”  He swallowed hard and turned to face the ladies, just emerging from the shrubs in guise as a foreign princess and a Most Distinguished Lady.  He held out his hand to the afflicted appendage of his lady and said, “will you allow me, madam?”
She nodded grimly, tears welling in her eyes, but she let him take her injured hand and hold it in his.  Bayard placed his atop theirs and suddenly that wondrous light flared forth and the lesion appeared on the Prince’s palm rather than the lady’s.  “It is done,” said the Prince heavily, but brightening, added, “now let’s finish up this scheme ere I become too hideous a freak to be allowed in public.”
Smiled Lady Violet, “fear not Highness, I’ll take your lady under my wing and your court will soon be far fonder of her than they are of you.”
“Thanks, I think,” sighed the Prince.
Ithril clapped him encouragingly on the back, “get used to it Sire, for have you not willingly joined ranks with the dead?”
“I have at that,” grinned the boy impishly, “and the adventure has only just begun.”
“I am starting to grow jealous,” said Cambria.
“Your turn will come soon enough,” said Violet quietly, “do not wish for it beforetime.”
She grinned as impishly as any of the lads, “one adventure at a time is certainly enough, I have yet to tire of being a Princess after all, come, my entourage!”
But they never made it that far, as several ghastly creatures loomed out of the herbage on either side of them and more approached from behind, hissed the wraith at the fore, “think you that you can thwart destiny so easily boy?  I think not, take them!”
The Messengers had their swords out and fought madly but they were far outnumbered and each in turn succumbed to the weapons, claws, or witchery of their foes, leaving Kipril and Cambria undefended and helpless before the remaining villains.  Hissed the wraith eagerly, “you could be so much more boy, bend your stubborn neck and take my master’s yoke!”
“I have but one Master, fiend,” said the boy quietly, “and upon His mercy and His alone shall I depend!”
“As will I,” whispered the girl faintly, terrified beyond speaking but somehow getting the words out.  The creature’s answering smile was hideous indeed before the whole party of disparate and vile minions roared like a tempest and fell full upon the helpless pair.
“Dispose of the girl, she is of no value, but bring our precious Princeling,” he cackled darkly, “unscathed, more or less.”

“That was certainly a debacle,” sighed Lady Violet as the little group reassembled on the banks of a certain River, she glanced at her waiting carriage and smiled grimly, “I suppose we had best go clean up our mess.”  The boys exchanged a shrug and flung themselves into the waiting vehicle, the attendants of which seemed quite unruffled by their mistress’ continued oddities of habit, taste, and vanishment.
It was not difficult to find the mortal remnants of Cambria, save a trifle messy, but there was no sign of Kipril.  Said the Lady with a grimace, “now what has come of our Prince?  The girl was obviously of little value to them, but it appears that the Prince still has some usefulness, but what?”
“It will take a Mysterious Lady to find out,” grinned Bayard.
“It will at that,” said she, no smile at all, even a grim one, “why don’t you two reprobates accompany what is left of Miss Cambria to her final resting place whilst I investigate the disappearance of our royal companion.”  It was not a suggestion, for as she spoke, she bodily flung them from her carriage and motioned her servants to drive onwards, leaving the two boys to exchange a wry grin, before a sudden shift in reality revealed a River that soon swept them and their grisly burden away, vanishing as suddenly as it had come, leaving the three flopping for a moment in midair like so many stranded fish.  Realizing they were not of a pisciform persuasion, they quickly righted themselves and resumed a more traditional bipedal posture.
Said the lady as she unnecessarily smoothed her skirts, “that was horrid!  What were those things?  Where is the Prince?”
“We were hoping you would tell us,” said Bayard in growing concern.
“The head fiend seemed intent on bearing him somewhere alive, for what purpose I cannot tell,” said she.
“We assumed as much,” said Ithril, “and Lady Violet is already in pursuit.”
The lady smiled in grim eagerness, “well then I think those fiends will soon be in for more than they bargained for.”  The boys could not help but nod their concurrence, knowing far more of the Lady in question than their companion could begin to guess but seemed to somehow sense innately.

“This is certainly a scandalous scene,” said Lady Violet to no one in particular as she fingered the bloody dagger.
“That it is madam,” said somebody in particular in response.
She nearly dropped the incriminating weapon in surprise, but managed to maintain both her grip and composure as she turned to face the grim presence at the foot of the bed, discovering her companion to be the King, she gave the proper courtesies, murder scene or not she wasn’t about to disappoint protocol, and waited for his Majesty to continue, but as he seemed to be waiting for some explanation on her part, she could only study the scene in silence and wonder what it looked like to him.
There she stood with a bloody dagger, there the dead Prince lay with countless stab wounds, and here was the King.  How inconvenient, it seemed she had been framed and the thought had never even occurred to her!  This would never do, the minions of evil were getting far too high handed if they thought they could pull such a deceit and she walked into it as obliviously as a lamb to the slaughter!  She knew better than to try and explain matters, it would only make it worse.  But what was her role in the situation and how was it to be rectified?
Then a new voice, one she detested to the very core of her being, interposed, “alas Highness, is it not as I have said?”
“Yes,” hissed the King, “precisely, perhaps a little too precise.”
“What do you mean?” snarled the shadowy villain.
“It is a little too perfect,” said the King, “if you possessed such information, why did you not try and prevent this tragedy?  Unless you too are in on it or trying to place the blame elsewhither, I cannot comprehend you knowing so much about the situation yet doing nothing to stop it.”
“I had nothing to do with it Highness!” said the stranger in an assumed innocence even the dead Prince could probably tell was far from sincere, “For she is certainly an agent of your enemies, trying to foment unrest, if not all out war!  I am certain you’ll find some sign of her allegiance once the contents of this room are thoroughly examined.”
“I have no doubt I will,” said the King dryly, “and I do not doubt you are the one that planted them.”
“Your cunning will be the end of you, mortal,” hissed the fiend in growing delight, perhaps his schemes had been a little too obvious, but if one was too subtle, important details might well be missed, usually it was vital to err on the side of blatantly obvious when dealing with mortals, at least in his experience, ah well, live and learn.  
Miss Violet smiled in spite of herself at the creature’s dramatics, as the dark mage raised its hands in preparation of releasing some nasty bit of evil or other, but with a casual shrug, she launched the bloody dagger at the creature, which evaporated in a lovely dark mist with her well aimed throw.  The King turned with wide eyes upon the Lady and smiled in grim relief, “at least the fiend’s posturing is at an end, and I dare not ask where you acquired such prowess, for I know such Mysterious Ladies will not willingly betray their secrets, but what truly has come of my son and what is to come of my Kingdom?”
“You were quite correct in your initial assumptions Highness,” said she rather primly, “it was the fiend and his cronies that have been busy about the downfall of your Kingdom.  What is to come of it, I have no prophetic vision to offer, save that it will eventually crumble if your folk continue down the hardhearted road they now so gleefully walk.”
He bowed his head slightly in acknowledgement of the veracity of her observation but made no further comment upon the matter, instead he said, “I take it there is a reason you found yourself in such an awkward situation?  I thought the boy was on a foreign tour looking for love or something of the sort, so what is he doing here, and in an empty guest room to boot?”
“He was captured by a rather nasty collection of such villains Highness,” said she, “we tried to ward them off but alas found ourselves far outnumbered and only just now have I been able to return and see what came of the matter.”
“I dare not ask after your secrets, milady,” said he with a grim smile, “for I know I shall get no comprehensible answer.  Take the boy then, if that be your intent, for it would be better for all of us if his fate was never known, or at least thought that he met his doom far from here.”
She bowed her head in acceptance of the task she had intended to accomplish even without his permission, said she quietly, “his adventures have just begun, Highness.”
“Don’t waste words of empty comfort on me, wench,” hissed the King in silent fury, “I need them not!  The boy’s sole value was as heir to the throne, otherwise he was a disappointment through and through, as fickle and insipid as his milk-hearted mother.  Take him and all remembrance of the failures of the past with you and be gone from here.  This is no place for such weak and small minded folk.  Well we know the path we have chosen and gladly do we continue to tread thereupon.  Away with you!”  With that, he turned on his heel and marched from the room, forever turning his back on his dead child.  Lady Violet lifted the dead boy, shaking her head sadly, knowing that there were indeed some fates worse than death, living such a life being one of them.

“So much for my grand ideas of saving a lady and my country,” sighed the late Prince, once the River had revived him after the Lady bore him thence.
“What is one Kingdom or lifetime compared to all the adventures yet to come?” asked Cambria archly.
“He’s still thinking like a mortal man, dear,” said the Lady Violet, unperturbed by the boy’s exclamation, “and a Prince to boot!  They all suffer some degree of the same derangement upon discovering all their mortal dreams have come to naught.”
“But I am in nowise affected,” said the girl in confusion.  The Lady merely arched one delicate eyebrow and the girl laughed wholeheartedly, “but then I am no man, mortal or otherwise.”
The boys exchanged a good natured glower but refused to otherwise comment upon the ladies’ mirthful exercise at their expense lest they be caught up in such frivolities until the end of time, being fairly certain this was not why they had been brought back from the cold clutches of death.  Lady Violet burst out in laughing approbation at their restraint, “you see, my dear!  They learn very quickly, do they not?”
“Indeed,” agreed the merry maid, “and as there is hope for them, it must also bode well for the world in general.”
“But what of my Kingdom?” asked Kipril plaintively.
The Lady shook her head sadly and laid a gentle, supportive hand on his shoulder, “it is not for us to know, lad.  Perhaps you will have some business there in future, or perhaps not, but its concerns are no longer ours.  As Cambria has so recently and justly reminded us, our duty and business is bigger and broader than any Kingdom of men or age of the world.  It is individual souls that last forever while all courts, kingdoms, and cultures will eventually fall or fade and it is to the eternal things we are committed.  Yes, we may intervene on behalf of an imperiled nation or people at times, but it is ever only a means to an end, for the benefit of the folk involved, not for the sake of that nation itself.”
“How backwards has my thinking been!” said Kipril in dismay, “For Kings and great men tread the poor and weak thoughtlessly underfoot when it is truly their thrones, wealth, and great deeds that will be forgotten and come to naught while the nameless victims of their avarice will live on forever.”
“It is the small things, the forgotten things, the invisible things, the foolish things that will upset the world you knew and be great in the world to come,” smiled Lady Violet in eager joy, her eyes glazing in wonder as if she glimpsed some far shore no one else could see.
“Does it involve dancing?” asked Bayard anxiously, “I’m developing a right fear of it.”
“Understandably so,” chuckled the Lady, “but no, I do not believe it will involve anything of the sort of modern horror to which you refer, perhaps there is a form untainted by tedium, custom, and polite society, but it will be a far different creature from the current mode of activity that is called by that name.”
“So everything I knew, everything I anticipated, everything I feared has been turned on its head?” asked an eager Kipril with beaming eyes.
“Of a certainty,” smiled the Lady with Joy itself shining in her countenance, “we as yet know nothing of the wonders to come and all the horrors of the past are just that, though we dabble still to see that others might yet have a chance to escape them as we have.”
“Well let’s get busy,” said the no nonsense Cambria.
Lady Violet chuckled at her own vociferousness, “and here I am scathing the menfolk for blathering on!  She has the right of it, off with you lads!”  With a brilliant exchange of grins, they did just that, there was no sense disobliging the Lady when she finally spoke sense!


Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog



Sample Chapters of ‘Shadow of the Unicorn,’ the first in the ‘In Shadow,’ series:
1

Jace stood upon the battlements, staring, though unseeing, out upon the bleak grey landscape of the failing year ere snow covered and softened the weary land for its winter repose.  Leaden clouds lowered ominously on the horizon while a mournful wind moaned pitiably in the half completed towers of the grotesque fortress; the river passed sullenly by without comment, preoccupied with its looming icy imprisonment.  Though only partially complete, the grim fortress was already falling to ruin, as were the souls who lingered therein.  The place was hardly cheerful, even upon a bright morning of spring, and was at its most dismal ere the first snows of winter, but it was not the weather that brought the boy out to pace the battlements upon such a dreary day, rather he had much to contemplate and none of it good.  His patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind but he little noticed, for his thoughts were just as unruly.  His grandfather, a nobleman displaced by war, had laid the foundations of this ruin and his father had further built up the fortress after its founder’s untimely death, but the family fortune had run out long before the project was finished, so it moldered in half-completed splendor while its occupants dwelt ever in the shadow of poverty and isolation, and now it seemed, madness as well.
Jace’s father was but a boy when war forced the family to flee with what they could salvage of their wealth.  The patriarch was determined to start anew in a strange land, much to the dismay of the locals, but they were a rather peaceful folk and he began his project without asking their permission, and as they were notorious for their willingness to forgive, the project continued despite their misgivings.  But tragedy struck the third winter the family spent in their new home, for both of Jace’s grandparents died of pneumonia within a fortnight of one another, leaving their son, still very much a boy, alone in the grim fortress with only a few faithful servants and guards that had accompanied the family in its flight, for they trusted no one in this strange land, least of all those of common descent.  But the boy was not crushed by his loss, but rather was as determined, perhaps more so, than his father to finish the project and become a veritable lord in this strange land, the protests of the original inhabitants aside.
Construction continued slowly as the boy grew to manhood and the family fortune dwindled, but surely the son of a nobleman might make a proper match and thereby reinvigorate his fortune as well as perpetuate his line.  So it was that Jace’s father went a-courting and soon came home with his beautiful and captivating bride, the very picture of a wealthy lady, but only a picture, for though of noble blood, her family was as destitute as that of her new husband, though neither had thought to broach the subject before their marriage, assuming the other was indeed as rich as they portrayed themselves to be.  The truth came out very soon after Jace was born; the ensuing fight was the stuff of legend, at least if you believe the tales told in after years by the aging servants, but in the end, the lady fled, leaving her infant son and husband to fend for themselves.  The man looked coldly upon the boy, who was so like his mother in form and feature that he could not help but despise him.  He turned his back on the child, stared stonily at the open door out which his wife had fled, and then withdrew to his own chambers.  Had one of the few remaining servants not taken pity upon the poor creature, he likely would not have survived infancy.
The man seemed indifferent to the fate of his son, pretending that he did not even exist and focusing all his time, thought, and energy on his project instead, but there was no money to pay workmen or buy stone and timber, so the man had to do everything himself.  Only two servants remained of the few that had fled with the family, lingering on out of faithfulness and because they had nowhere else to go, for their lord had long since ceased to pay them.  The old housekeeper did the cooking, looked after the domestic side of things, and was the only mother the boy ever knew.  The other was an aging guardsman who had taken on the duties of butler, valet, and jack-of-all-trades; it was he that taught the boy what little he knew of reading and more importantly, to his mind at least, the sword.  The rest of the lad’s education was left to what he could glean from the few books that lay forgotten around the fortress and what the housekeeper could impart in the form of old stories as she wandered about the keep seeing to her myriad duties.
As the boy neared manhood, at last his father took a modicum of interest in him, but whether it was due to some newly realized desire for kith and kin in his fading years or because his rheumatism forced him to abandon his fortress building activities, none knew.  But one day the master of the ruin summoned the lad into his chambers, where he sat in relative splendor in a fraying robe with a moth-eaten velvet chair for a throne.  Upon the lad’s entrance, the man studied him as he might a horse he had a mind to buy.  After several minutes of dreadful silence, the man said at last, “what do they call you boy?”
The lad blinked in surprise that his father did not even know his name, but his servile foster parents had taught him courtesy, if little else, said he with a proper bow, “I am called Jace, sir.”
The man nodded as if it were of no matter and continued, “very well boy, they say you are my son, a claim I cannot verify yet neither can I fully deny it.  In either case, it is high time you started to earn your keep around here.  My father had a vision that this castle would one day tower over the surrounding countryside and herein would his descendants be safe from war, plague, and the like, nevermore to be driven like refugees from that which was rightfully our own.  This is all my purpose and destiny and it shall be yours, whether you like it or not.  You will take up where I have left off: cutting timber, collecting stone, using it to finish what my father began, well?”
The boy gaped, was this to be all his future?  A slave to another man’s futile dream?
The man shook his head sadly, “I see you are not a man of vision, like unto mine, a pity, for I think it proves that you are not my son after all.  I will give you the afternoon to ponder your future, either submit yourself to my father’s dream and fulfill your true purpose in this life or get you gone from here, never to return.”  The boy gave a perfect bow and vanished from the room, fleeing to the battlements to mull over his future, whatever it might be.
Night was falling and still he had found no sensible reply for the grim man waiting impatiently in his chambers below, prematurely aged by labor, sorrow, and unrestrained ambition.  Jace glanced uneasily out upon the darkening world, could he truly find a life out there in the world that had forsaken his family, from whose stock had sprung his faithless mother?  Yet he knew he could not remain forever a slave to his grandfather’s dream as his father had ever been.  What was he to do?  Where was he to go?  The outside world terrified him, but could he live on for countless years in futile toil?  He wanted to scream or weep and came very close to doing both, but his reeling thoughts were interrupted by a stooping ghost that loomed out of the darkness before him.
Came the gruff but concerned voice of the guardsman, “what troubles thee lad?  The master sent me to find ye, he is impatient for yer answer.”
The boy glanced silently out into the darkness and the man nodded in grave understanding, “aye, it is a hard choice, but no choice at all I think.  This cursed place has consumed two generations of yer family lad, don’t be a fool and make it three.  Whatever horrors lay without, they can be nothing to what lurks herein.”
The boy nodded his silent thanks and then went to find his father, knowing the man had spoken truly.  He knocked timidly upon the door and entered upon the gruff command to do so.  He found his father standing before the hearth, staring into the flames, his hands clasped at his back; he did not turn around or even look at the boy, said he, “a harlot’s son, through and through, cannot even stay on to succor an aging wreck of a man in his failing years, the selfish, selfish wretch.”  Suddenly the man turned, his anger giving him strength and speed that years of hard labor had stolen, he took up an iron poker that lay to hand and his eyes seemed to blaze with the light of the fire at his back, snarled he, hefting the poker aloft, “Out!  Out!  Get out, you insolent oaf!”
The boy knew the man was in earnest and half out of his mind besides, lingering not a moment longer, he turned and fled the chamber and hied himself that moment from the crumbling keep.  The housekeeper and guardsman watched him flee with sad eyes, shook their heads in dismay, but had known for many a year that there could be no other end to the tale, but at least this wretched fortress would not utterly consume the boy as it had his forbears, what the outside world might do to him was another matter entirely.
Jace fled with only the clothes on his back, packing was of little matter as he was currently wearing everything he possessed.  His only thought was to escape the broken dreams and empty years that lay behind with no concern for what the morrow might hold, for he knew nothing of purpose, joy, peace, hope, or comfort.  His world was as cold and lonely as the fortress he had just fled.  A miserable drizzle began to fall not long after his flight, forcing him to seek what shelter he could beneath a clump of spruce trees that seemed to huddle together for comfort amid the cold, wet dark.  Every fiber of Jace’s being cried out to do the same, but one cannot comfortably cuddle with a conifer so there was nothing left to be done but cry himself to sleep.
A wan shaft of sunlight filtered down through the clouds and pierced the fastness of the boy’s retreat, bringing him blinkingly awake.  He sighed heavily as he gained his feet, seeing no reason to go on save that he was too anxious and grieved of heart to sit still.  So off he went into the dawning, grateful that the rain had stopped and that he could now see whither he fled.  Which got him to wondering where exactly he was to go.  He knew nothing of the outside world, save for forays with the guardsman into the surrounding forest to collect wood or to hunt.  He had never even seen a farmer’s cot, let alone a village.  He had heard the housekeeper mention a city once, a concept he could not quite comprehend, but he was not sure he wanted to venture thither, for she had spoken of it in hushed tones one night with the guardsman as they sat before the kitchen fire, certain the lad was abed and not hiding in the doorway, listening in horrified fascination as she described the demon-worshippers that dwelt therein and the horrid practices with which they maintained their uncanny powers.
He smiled grimly to himself, pondering what was best to be done, as his feet followed a game trail seemingly of their own accord, so little did he notice or care whither his path led.  He could wander out into the wilderness and undoubtedly die of exposure or starvation during the coming winter or he could find this city and see if the housekeeper’s awful tales were even half true.  It might be death either way, but at least he could discover what a city was ere the end.  With this grim acceptance, did he suddenly step out of the surrounding woods and look upon a great swath of cultivated land, dotted with farmhouses and well-tended copses, and in the distance loomed the infamous city.  He had inherited a little of his father’s ambition, so with a grim smile pasted on his face did he set out in quest of what could only be his doom.  
His smile became incongruous as his journey progressed in a rather anticlimactic fashion, for though he had prepared himself for sights grim and terrible, the countryside was rather picturesque and the few folk he observed in passing seemed as sensible and down-to-earth as either the guardsman or the housekeeper.  He consoled himself with the thought that of course the commonfolk would be of similar disposition to the menials with which he was acquainted, it was only their fell masters that would be workers of such foul magicks.  He hastened his steps to discover this inevitability for himself but was again sorely disappointed.  He soon found himself in a veritable flood of humanity headed for the city to conduct the day’s business.  People at first trickled in from the outlying farms and villages but soon converged upon the main road leading into the city.
Jace gazed about him in wonder, never having imagined there could be so many people upon the face of the earth, let alone upon one certain stretch of road.  The houses and shops that began to line the way were also strange to his eyes and he goggled like the yokel he was; some of the more world-weary passersby about him smiled in welcome amusement at the lad’s befuddlement, for a moment remembering their own forgotten youth.  A veritable city had grown up around the walls of the original settlement and many of Jace’s fellow travelers vanished into the labyrinthine streets and alleys upon their own errands, but most continued on through the gates, few even glancing at the guards who stood silent watch at the gates and upon the walls, but the boy froze in fascinated terror.  His sudden halt brought a few complaints and jostles from those nearest him, but they shoved around him and continued on their way, some giving him a meaningful glare but most shaking their heads in vast amusement.
So too did those fell warriors eye the boy with smiles that never broke the stony facade of their faces.  But as more and more people pushed by the lad and entered the gates unscathed, he drew a deep breath and pressed ever onwards into the heart of a city inhabited by sorcerers and worse, though strangely, none of the folk about him seemed overly concerned about their impending doom.  He was drawn inexorably to the center of the city where a great castle towered over everything.  For a long time he stood as one transfixed, staring up and up and up at the edifice that soared above him.  A rueful smile split his lips, for even had he and his descendants ten generations hence worked ceaselessly, never could they hope to make anything like this of that horrid fortress.  And thence lay his doom.  At last, he gathered his courage and set forth upon the last leg of his final journey, thinking it quite a heroic effort on his part and not a little disappointed that there was not a bard or poet at hand to record the tale.  Most of his erstwhile companions had vanished long ago into the city proper and left the bumpkin to stare as he would.  So it was that he came to the castle gates and found himself very much alone with a whole host of those grim faced guards just waiting to make a gory end of him.  Where was a poet when you needed one?
He stood awkwardly out of the way, studying those who guarded the gates and those who came and went upon their own errands, not finding anything too sinister in any of it.  Again rather disappointed, the lad at last made his own approach, knowing his courage was hanging by a thread.  His first attempt at speaking failed dismally with the guard looking at him in perplexity and what might, to Jace’s horrified mind, be pity!
But the guard saved him from further embarrassment and possible flight by asking, “what can I do for you lad?”  He actually smiled, “you need not be so terrified, you are quite safe within the confines of Astoria.”
The boy blinked in utter astonishment, could this fearsome warrior truly be speaking to him, and with kindness?  Demon-worshippers indeed!  Said he at last, a quaver in his voice, “I am in desperate straits, sir, but well know that there is little hope for one such as I in this cold, indifferent world.”
The guard nodded in understanding and said gently, “aye lad, many come hither with just such a tale, but take heart, for we shall do all we can to remedy your plight, whatever it be.”  Jace looked near to fainting with hunger and astonishment, as the man motioned for a servant standing within the courtyard to take charge of the flummoxed lad and see to his comfort.  The servant smiled in amusement, having done the same a thousand times before, and easily guided the gaping boy into the castle proper, leaving the guard to speak with the next person awaiting his attention.
At last Jace collected his wits enough to comprehend what the servant was saying, “the morning meal has just finished, but I can bring you something once you are settled.”  He studied the lad’s ragged attire that was more patches than original cloth and smiled wryly, “and I’ll see to your wardrobe as well.  Have you come to study then?”
Jace froze and studied the man as if he had asked if his father were a toad, said he in astonishment, “study?  You must know I could little afford such a luxury!”
The servant grinned, “I suppose it is priceless at that, but come lad, anyone is free to study in Astoria and all the Lady asks is that you abide by her rules whilst you reside in the city.”
The boy gaped anew, but a smile danced in his eyes, said he with an incredulous grin, “then I will certainly take you up on that offer, sir.”  The servant nodded as if it were simple sense and they continued on their way.
He stopped before a door at the end of a long corridor and said, “you can sleep here for now, this room is currently unoccupied but if you stay very long, you will undoubtedly find yourself with roommates rather soon.  I’ll see about finding you something to eat and some appropriate attire.”  He smiled broadly as he turned to go, “welcome to Astoria!”
The boy stared wistfully after the retreating form for a moment and then curiously opened the door and entered the room.  Glancing about at the small but comfortable chamber, he laughed aloud and said, “demon worshippers indeed!”
“How dreadful!” came a startled and unfamiliar voice.
Jace turned around in surprise to find a girl about his own age, or at least so he assumed, not having much experience in such matters, peeping round the door, a broom forgotten in one hand.  She squeaked in dismay, “forgive me, I was just sweeping the hall when I heard your outburst and just had to investigate.”  She blushed crimson at her own unseemly outburst and though she colored further, pressed on, “can you tell me more about these demon worshippers?”
Jace was not sure whether he was more startled, annoyed, or amused by this perplexing creature, but said as calmly as he could, “I haven’t much to tell, for I was only laughing at the incongruity of this place with a description I once heard of it.  The old woman was convinced this place was naught but a den of such villains, but I have yet to find them, should they exist.”
Briane laughed excitedly, clasping her hands like a little girl, “oh, you will have to look long and hard to find such in Astoria.  I have been here all my life and have never heard of such goings on.”
Jace smiled wryly at his previous eagerness, “so there isn’t anyone in Astoria possessed of uncanny abilities as my unenlightened source assumed?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” came the voice of the returning servant.  He gave the girl a patient look, “have you not things to be about?”  She squeaked again, dropped a curtsy, and disappeared round the corner with a death grip on her broom.  The servant shook his head and smiled ruefully, “the silly girl spends more time eavesdropping than attending to her chores; more curiosity than a cat, has that one.”
Jace was gaping again, but the servant ignored him and thrust a pile of clothes and a tray of food into his hands, saying as he did so, “as promised, here is your breakfast and a change of clothes.  If you hurry, you can just make it to the next class session.  You’ll have an official schedule soon, but until then you had best tag alone with some of the other Students.”  He smiled impishly, “and as to your unasked question, you’ll soon discover the answers for yourself if you pay attention in class.”  He nodded at the boy and vanished about his interrupted errands.
Jace shook himself, frowned in consternation at the servant’s retreating back, and then hastily changed his clothes and wolfed down the food, both from hunger and eager to begin his education.  Only then did he realize he was alone in an unfamiliar castle with no idea where to find said classes.  He shrugged, smiled as his audacity reared its head once more, and dashed down the hall in search of a class or an adventure, whichever came first.
He nearly collided with a pair of slightly older boys as he came careening around the corner, determined not to be late.  Suddenly ill at ease, Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet.  One of the older lads must have heard, ‘new here,’ amongst Jace’s mumbling for he cheerily replied, “don’t worry about it!  Come with us and we’ll help you get settled.”
The boy stared up in astonishment, gaping yet again, stuttered he, “how can this be?  How can you be bothered with helping me?  I don’t understand?”
The older pair exchanged a grin, then Adan, the lad who had spoken, clapped the younger boy on the back and smiled, “it seems you have much to learn about life in Astoria.  Wherever you came from, it must have been a rough life.  But come, else we’ll be late.”  Jace smiled at his reassuring words and then blanched in near panic at the thought of being the cause of their tardiness.  The older pair shook their heads in amusement but all three hastened off to class.
Jace remembered little of that first lesson, so overwhelmed was he with all that had happened in the last day and all the novel sights and experiences he had taken in.  His erstwhile guides were assigned chores in the stable the following hour, which allowed the overwrought Jace some much needed time to sit and think while his companions shoveled muck.  The midday meal offered another course of novelty and wonder to Jace’s abused sensibilities, never in his life had he been amidst so many people, and most astonishingly of all, though complete strangers, they actually seemed to care about him.  Another round of classes was set for the afternoon, but Jace felt he needed some time alone to sort everything out, and perhaps even a nap after his difficult night.  He goggled, less than a full day had passed since his father had cast him out, alone in the night.  Adan nodded his understanding and showed him back to the corridor that housed his room, and though he valiantly intended to contemplate upon all that had happened, he fell promptly and soundly asleep.


2

A ruckus in the hall wakened the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal.  Jace glanced blearily about, wondering for a moment where he was, but suddenly realization dawned and a great smile lit his face.  He had come home at last.  He adjusted his rumpled clothing, grateful it was not too wrinkled from his nap and ran a hand through his hair, it would do, then dashed excitedly from the room, again nearly colliding with Adan, who smiled roguishly at the boy and hoped such behavior was not becoming a habit.  Said the elder lad with a grin, “it is good to see you so refreshed, you looked rather stunned when we parted and I know you learned nothing in class today, but it seems there is hope for you yet.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “it has been quite a day.”  He glanced hopefully in the direction of the dining hall, even after so short a stay he had become very much accustomed to being fed regularly and well, which was an unlikely occurrence in his former life, said he, “and I’d be happy to tell you all the tale over the evening meal, that is if you care to hear it.”
Adan laughed outright, “aye, it must be quite a story indeed, but fear not, there shall be plenty of food to go around.”
Jace colored and began studying his boots, abashed that his greatest desire at the moment was so blatantly obvious.  Adan glanced at said boots as well and frowned, “but first we had best stop by the supply room and find you a decent pair of boots.”
Jace looked up suddenly in surprise, would the miracles in this place never cease?  He had never owned a decent pair of boots, this particular pair had been worn by his father when he fled his homeland, ages ago!  Adan smiled warmly at the look of grateful astonishment in the lad’s eyes and led the way, eager to see the wish fulfilled.  The servant in charge of the supply room at that hour took one look at the antique footwear, turned away with a disgusted groan, and vanished into the storage area, reappearing with a worn, but quite serviceable pair of boots that actually fit the agape lad.  Rather pleased with himself, the servant smiled smugly and reluctantly took the ancient boots in exchange, his countenance taking on an unruly expression as he did so, their fate remains a mystery to this day but judging from his face, it was not a pleasant one.
As they walked to the dining hall, Jace remarked with an awe tinged voice, “I have never encountered such generosity, not even from my own folk!”
Adan shook his head, his eyes sparkling, “you’ve seen nothing yet, all we’ve done this day is see you properly clothed and fed.”
Jace froze mid-step and faced his companion, “there’s more?!”
Adan clapped him on the shoulder and smiled, “aye, more than you can begin to imagine.”  They continued on, Jace speechless in incomprehension.
As they sat at table, finishing their food, Jace told his tale, much to the horror and astonishment of Adan and his friends who had joined them for supper.  No wonder the boy was so grateful for the least bit of kindness or attention!  Adan said at last, “so that is the tale behind that ugly heap of rocks up river?  Long have we theorized amongst ourselves about who or what had built it, or rather begun it, and why.  It is a grim enough story in its own right.”  He smiled ruefully, “though nowhere near as horrific as some of the tales we’ve birthed.”  
The others shared a wry laugh and eyed their companion with both pity and wonder, Jace awkwardly studied his peas, uneasy being the focus of such attention.  Adan continued, more to distract his companions away from their study of the abashed boy than for anything else, “well, this is the place to start over or start anew, if that is your wish.  Any idea what you want to do with your life?”
Jace could not restrain his laugh, “it was but a day ago my father cast me out and I encountered true human society for the first time in my life, let alone human kindness.  Must I already know the course of my future?”
The others joined in his mirth, forgetting how high were the expectations of their hosts and thus, inadvertently perhaps, their own.  Once the laughter had subsided, Jace asked a bit timidly, still uneasy speaking his mind amongst so many strangers, “what is this place?  Who founded it?  How can they afford to support so many ragamuffin students with no expectation of remuneration?  Is there some hidden agenda or trap, for it seems too good to be true?”
Adan smiled, “rest easy my friend, there is nothing sinister or hidden here.  You may stay as long as you wish and leave likewise.  The only requirement is that you do your best, be respectful of others, and follow the rules as best you can.  According to legend, Astoria was founded centuries ago, near the very Beginning.  The country is self-sufficient and quite prosperous in its own right, but is also supported by various Kings, Lords, and wealthy benefactors who believe in its mission or have benefited from its services themselves.  They have been educating all comers since its foundations were laid.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, “a noble cause I suppose, but who founded it and why?  My experience of the world is limited, but I do not see blind philanthropy as a common trait amongst men, someone must have had a reason.”
Adan studied his companion thoughtfully, trying to gage his reaction to what was to come, said he at last, “you will learn far more in your initial classes, but the simple answer is: the Master Himself provided for the city’s founding as a home for the Brethren and those they serve.”
Jace blinked, not having imagined the so far sensible Adan to be one who believed in fairy tales, said he in consternation, “that is what the legends say?”
Adan grinned, “you are a skeptic then?”
Jace shrugged somewhat sheepishly, though he was not the one who seriously thought myth had once walked about under sun and star, “I suppose, though I know little enough of the subject, and of all else for that matter, that I should withhold judgment until I am certain.”
Adan nodded, “fair enough, but don’t worry, there is no requirement to believe a certain way to study here.  Even if you hold it all to be a tall tale, there is still more wisdom to be garnered here than you’ll be able to absorb in a lifetime.”
Jace smiled in relief, “that is good to know.”  He frowned thoughtfully, “I met a servant earlier who made a rather cryptic comment about certain individuals around this place having uncanny abilities, but he said I would have to wait for my classes to answer my questions in that regard.  Our old housekeeper was convinced the city was inhabited by demon-worshippers, a claim I am certain is wrong, but what is the truth about this place and its denizens?”
Adan smiled in amusement at the servant’s evasiveness, he was pretty certain who it was the lad had met, but he said, “the Brethren are purported to have certain gifts given to them in their service to the Master, you will learn far more in days to come if you want specifics, but there is nothing evil in the mix.  Uncanny yes, miraculous certainly, but not demonic.”  He smiled impishly, “how is it you can believe in demons but not the Master?”
Jace frowned at the thought and then smiled ironically, “that is an incongruous thought!  But then, I am not sure I believe in demons either, it was just something I overheard and never gave much serious thought until I was bound hither in the dark, alone, after being cast out from all I ever knew.  I guess the imagination is prone to embracing the grim and frightening with far less reluctance, especially under such circumstances, than the rational mind is in accepting the supernatural in far more congenial surroundings.”
Adan smiled broadly, “my friend, you have come to the right place, for yours is a mind quick and ready to absorb all available wisdom and knowledge, and here you will undoubtedly find ample fodder for thought.”
They continued their conversation upon more general topics, for which Jace was thankful, little liking being the center of attention when he was so little used to it; so absorbed was he in all that was said that he did not notice Briane sitting on the edge of the group, studying him with sparkling eyes and a knowing half-smile upon her lips.
Adan saw him back to his quarters after the meal, for even with his nap, Jace was exhausted though sorely disappointed not to be able to participate in the games and conversations held amongst the students that evening, but such was the ritual every night, so he consoled himself with the thought that there was always tomorrow and many days thereafter.  Yawning, he bid goodnight to his companion, and was soon asleep.



Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’
‘Over the hills and far away,’
thither lies the land of Fey,
Of wandering brook and woodland glade,
Golden meads and dappled shade.

Where evening star is guide and stay
And in the vales, mist doth play.
Dryad, pixie, gnome dwell there,
Griffons lurk and dragons lair.

Songs of old live on there still,
Legend treads on plain and hill.
Beasts that talk and trees that sing,
The poor be rich, a peasant King.

If that land, you would gain,
Take a child in your train,
Let him lead you by the hand,
And you will reach that far, fair land.

~Over the Hills and Far Away~




Up the airy mountains,
Down the rushy glen,
We daren’t go a-hunting
For fear of little men;
Wee folk, good folk,
Trooping all together;
Green jacket, red cap,
And white owl’s feather!
~William Allingham, ‘The Fairies’~


For Fear of Little Men

Beatrice was missing, and none were fain to seek her, save her little brother, Tibbin, but could a mere child go where grown men feared to tread?  Perhaps only a little child could.  She had strayed up into the hills after her father’s missing sheep and none had seen her for a full three days.  No one ventured into those hills, for they were known to be haunted by all manner of folk, strange and fey, and it was folly for mortals to tread thereupon.  No, the girl was lost, spirited away or bewitched by some fell being, never more to be seen by mortal men under sun and star, at least not in any natural form; her family might as well accept the truth, embrace their loss, and move on with their lives, or so whispered the villagefolk.  But Tibbin was not content to lose his sister thus, but loath were his parents to part with their remaining child, so did he make for those forbidden hills without their knowing or leave, save for a brief note of farewell, imparting his fate.  Aghast, his parents asked of their friends and neighbors if any were willing to go after.  They merely shook their heads and muttered darkly amongst themselves, who would risk their lives when the boy willingly chose his doom?  It was not to be helped.  The aggrieved couple went home to wait, perhaps vainly, for news of what had come of their children.
Tibbin was a child but he was not a fool, he was young but also sensible.  His elders all feared the fairyfolk, mostly because they did not understand them, albeit they had little interaction with that mysterious kindred and only a few old tales, likely flawed, to rely upon for information pertaining thereunto, but they were also small-minded and superstitious, little liking anything outside their ken, which was pretty much anything and everything outside the confines of their secluded village.  Tibbin was still young enough to be untainted by their blindness and prejudice; for his were the wide, unguarded eyes of childhood that saw things as they were rather than as the viewer thought them to be.  He was a little leery of the fey folk, as all creatures are of the unknown, but he was not paralyzed or handicapped by unmerited terror as his elders were.  Thus did he hie himself into those mysterious hills, the only hope for his sister.  He took with him enough bread, cheese, and water to last him a week of hard scrabbling over rocky ground, hoping it would be enough.  He took no weapons, save a little knife, which was tool rather than implement of death.  With his meager rations and a stout, faithful heart did he set out upon quest great and daring.
He left at twilight when his parents thought him abed, creeping carefully out of the house and into the brushy waste behind, clambering over stones and thorny scrub by the light of a slivered moon and a few bright stars.  He went as far as he could in the wan light, at least far enough that pursuit would not follow, and then laid himself down under a gorse bush to find what rest he could.   An impertinent bird started trilling in said bush at an unearthly hour, wakening the stiff, cold hero into a misty world of gold and rose.  He smiled despite his discomfort and drank in the beauty about him, like a connoisseur a rare and delicate wine.  He stretched, breakfasted, and was soon off into the mysterious otherworldliness of dawn, feeling that his adventure was well and truly begun.  His sister surely waited around the next bend in the path or just over the hill.  He whistled as airily as the bird as he set forth.
His sister was not over the next hill, but a short, stocky man with a prodigious beard sat upon a stone in the thinning mist, smoking his pipe.  Asked the boy of the stoic figure, “have you perchance seen or heard of a young girl roaming these hills within the last sevennight, good sir?”
The dwarfish gentleman smiled broadly at the lad’s boldness, withdrew his pipe, and exhaled thoughtfully, “aye lad, aye.  Not a rabbit goes through these hills without my knowing it.  How is it you have the courage to come when none of your elders would bestir themselves?”
Said the boy with a shrug, “none would come, so there was only me.  Please sir, have you seen my sister?”
The man nodded sagely, “she’s taken up with a few of the pixies that haunt meadow and lea, dangerous consorts for a mortal lass.”
The boy paled, “have they harmed her or is she in great peril?”
The dwarf laughed, “aye and nay, lad, aye and nay!  Those fairies are as feckless and giddy as any lass your sister’s age, but they never grow up or wiser, and neither do they age nor die.  They will not hurt a mayfly or aught else, but rather delight in all that is pretty and ephemeral: flowers, butterflies, robin’s eggs, and the like.  They have no use or comprehension of the greater, eternal things but are like a brook’s laugh or a dancing little wind in their seriousness and wisdom.  The danger lies in the fact Time and Death mean nothing to them.  Your sister, if she is not careful, may get so caught up in their whimsical nonsense that she forgets such things herself and by the time she remembers them, may find herself a very old lady with naught of life left to her.  It is a tricky thing when mortals think to involve themselves in matters beyond their ken and natural sphere.  Your kind is made for eternity, but must enter it through the proper door, not try to sneak in the window.”
The boy was silent for a long while as he contemplated the little man’s words, and finally said, “can I draw her back?”
The man nodded, “aye lad, if she will come, but she may be so entranced with the merriment and giddiness of her companions that she will yearn to stay.  If she will not go of her own will, no power on earth or beyond it will move her.  Take heed to yourself, that you not find yourself also caught up in things beyond your natural sphere.  Someday perhaps, such or rather far greater shall be your lot, but do not be tempted into seizing it ere it is time for only trouble will come of it.”  The boy heartily thanked the old man and hastened in the direction he was bidden.  The dwarf watched after and wondered what would come of the lad and his sister, silently shaking his head at the recklessness and abandon of those silly pixies and the inadvertent havoc it could wreak upon a mortal creature.
Tibbin had not gone far when he spied a rather curious creature crouching in the shade of a great oak.  It appeared to be a lad his own age, but his full height would only reach his father’s knee; he was light of build, eye, and hair and his ears were slightly tapered.  He winked at the staring boy, motioned eagerly for the lad to follow, and vanished into the hedge of roses at the base of the tree.  Tibbin took two happy steps after the fairy creature but then froze, his quest was his sister, not to be caught up in a fate like unto hers.  He sighed heavily but turned staunchly back upon his original path and intent.  The little creature watched after, for a moment a little disappointed, but then some other amusement soon caught his attention and his lost companion was immediately forgotten.
By the time the sun was on its downward journey, Tibbin had come to the little meadow wherein the dwarf said his sister and her merry companions might be found on occasion.  He settled down in a thicket of young birches to await their coming.  Neither was the wait to be tedious, dull, or lonely.  The world, in itself, was young, spry, pleasant, and full of the wonders of spring, but those hills were haunted by all manner of folk and creature unknown to the children of men, and in this varied parade, Tibbin found endless marvel and interest.  Most ignored him, some were openly scornful, and a few asked him to follow in their merry wake, but ever he sat and awaited the coming of Beatrice and her fairy companions.  So did he wait for three full days, eating from his scant provisions and refreshing himself in the ever singing brook by which he sat, finally on a night of mist and moon and starlight, five bright figures came laughing and dancing into the water meadow, Beatrice as radiant and blithe as her companions.
Tibbin rose from his place with a joyous shout and for a moment the pixies quivered like frightened birds, but soon they arrayed themselves about him in a merry dance of welcome and curiosity.  Beatrice at first did not know him, but as his song joined in their lilting chorus, his well loved voice broke the thrall about her and she joyously left her place in the circle and flew into her brother’s arms with tears of unspeakable longing and delight.  The piping and cavorting of the fairies increased tenfold at such mirth and delightedly did they share therein, but soon they tired of the newcomer and were rather perplexed and no little troubled by the strange sobbing that now wracked their once gay companion.  For nothing did they know of sorrow or death.  With a merry call, did they bid Beatrice to flit off with them anew, careless once more, but she smiled sadly, wiped a mysterious moisture from her eyes and cheek, and shook her head adamantly.  The pixies shrugged indifferently and capered off into the creeping mist to join the dance of the fireflies, their companion utterly forgotten.  Beatrice shook her head ruefully, took Tibbin’s hand, and returned to his place amongst the birches.  They slept soundly until roused by the zealous chorus of a morning in spring.  Hand in hand, they left that lovely meadow and turned their steps and hearts longingly towards home.
They met the little man, still sitting on his accustomed stone and smoking his pipe, perhaps as he had done since the first morning of the world.  He smiled joyously at them, waved enthusiastically, and then vanished.  They shared a mystified smile and continued on their way.  They might have slept another night in the bush but knew their parents were mourning their presumed fate and were eager to turn their weeping to joy.  So it was that joy came with the morning.  Their father stood aback the house, staring morbidly off into the hills and thought himself in a delirium when he glimpsed his lost children walking blithely back from the land of things forgotten and unknown.  He trumpeted his wonder and joy so loudly that the entire village was roused.  His wife came disbelieving from the house, took one look at what had so disquieted her husband, and added her own shriek of pure joy to the cacophony of laughing welcome and wonder.
The grim eyed, fretful villagers gathered round the happy little foursome and muttered darkly about curses, possession, and worse.  A few even clutched a kitchen knife, pitchfork, or wood axe in nervous dread.  The now grave father stood forth and asked of his disturbed folk, “my children have returned unscathed, why do you not rejoice?”
Said one distrustful old man, “who are you to say they are unscathed?  Who knows what terrible curse might have been laid upon them?  None venture into those hills and returns unchanged, if they return at all.  They are a threat and a danger to us all as long as they remain among us.  Send them back or send them away lest evil befall us all, else we will take matters into our own hands.”
The man shook his head in grim disgust, but before he could reply to this nonsense, Tibbin took his hand, looked gently into his eyes, and said with a wisdom far beyond his years, “heed him not father, he knows not of what he speaks and no words of yours will change his mind.”  Unchanged indeed!  The man smiled down at this young sage, caught the eyes of all his dear ones, and then looked once more upon those mysterious hills.  A brilliant flicker of gold and white upon a far hill, like a distant star, filled all his vision and called bewitchingly to his very soul.  Said Tibbin with tremulous, but joyous finality, “come, come away!”  He took his father’s hand, his mother and sister joined theirs also, and the entire family boldly made for that distant vision, the flummoxed villagers parting before them like water around the bow of a boat.  They vanished into those wondrous hills and were seen in that village no more.  Many and dark were the rumors of the witchery that had taken an entire clan and the grim fate that had undoubtedly befallen them, but I can assure you, they were all of them wrong.  


Chapter Sample of The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I:

Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.   It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.


On Heroes: A Foible

Aido had been an under-clerk for the Department of Prophecy Amelioration for over a decade, and at last he was about to embark on his first undercover investigation.  He had been in training for years: working out, perfecting his combat techniques, learning to procure and prepare ‘wild food,’ studying old maps and forgotten languages, familiarizing himself with the prophetic writings of every culture, real or imagined, learning the arts of healing, riding, and woodcraft, and only shaving every third day.  Finally, his superiors had decided that he was ready to be promoted to the rank of Investigator for the Sub-department of Hero Isolation and Containment.  He happily walked over to the Repository of Draught and Riding Beasts to procure his very own work vehicle; hopefully something in a blood bay with a little spirit, but that was asking for too much, after all, his was a bureaucratic position.  
At least he was not assigned the riding ox or the donkey that would only go left regardless of whether you asked him to stop, turn, or back up.  He took the reins from the bored looking kid who worked the desk and looked over his new wheels skeptically; it had four legs at least, that was a start.  The sorrel coat would blend in with every other horse on the planet, which was far from exciting, but perhaps being inconspicuous would be an advantage in the field.  It would get him where he needed to go in an efficient manner and that was all the Department cared about.  He sighed and led the beast out of the Repository and parked it in the loading area before going to retrieve the rest of his equipment.
If the horse wasn’t exciting, maybe his weapons allotment would be.  Aido stood in line for what seemed hours as a fusty old lady pottered about behind the counter of the Dispensary of Potentially Lethal Implements, adjusting her glasses and scratching her head in confusion every three seconds.  Finally his turn came and he handed over the paperwork requisitioning what he would need for his field investigation.  She stared at him blankly, blinked a few times like a confused chicken, and then after a few minutes of silence said, “you will have to come back after the Midday Ingestion Break, Investigator.  You know it is against Regulations for me or anyone else to do any sort of Official Business between the hours of Twelve and Thirteen.”  He stared at her in astonishment, not believing it was already that late in the day and dreading the thought of more delay, but there was nothing to be done.  If either of them were caught working over the Break, the results would be catastrophic.  He said something inconsequential and made his way to the Room of Edible Procurement and then returned to the Dispensary to wait, finding that he had lost his place in line.  He sat down with a sigh and tried not to weep in frustration.  Finally, just before the Afternoon Refreshment Period, he was allowed to get his allotment of PLIs.  Like the horse, there was nothing at all interesting about the assortment of weapons but they were functional at least.
Quite nervous that he would not be able to leave today after all, he hurried to the Division of Wardrobe Affairs to outfit himself for his new role and thankfully arrived after the Refreshment Period.  He stared glumly at the bundle of clothing, knowing it looked like it was supposed to but that the material and craftsmanship would not hold up if he encountered any weather that was not sunny and warm.  The middle-aged clerk watched his reaction carefully, with a slight sneer on his face, saying as he saw Aido’s dismay, “don’t blame me, we have limited time to make the stuff and whoever bought the material got a great deal on it, but I wouldn’t use it for rags, but it ain’t my fault.”  
Aido sighed again and left with his allocation of lousy clothes.  Finally, with the sun low on the horizon, he returned to his nondescript horse to pack and be gone, but it took him another half hour to figure out which of the eight sorrel geldings in the loading area was his.  When he finally identified the beast, he almost turned right around and demanded his old job back, for there was a parking ticket tucked into the creature’s bridle.  He glanced at the sign, thirty minute parking indeed!  He loaded the saddlebags and swung into the saddle.  With a grim smile, he crumpled up the fine and tossed it over his shoulder and then urged his horse to a trot before anything else could delay him.
He stood outside the Edifice of Monetary Exchange and wanted to scream.  He needed to make a withdrawal from the Department’s account to finance his journey but the facility was closed and would not open again for three days, as it was an Obscure Holiday Weekend (Foot Fungus Awareness Day).  Aido could not wait that long or his superiors would demand to know why he was so inefficient in his duties.  He had no choice but to hope there was a branch Edifice in one of the villages through which he would undoubtedly pass.  He turned his mediocre beast and made his way out of the city.  Darkness had fallen, forcing him to pull over for the night.  He glanced about hopefully, but there was no sign of either an Approved Nocturnal Repose Sight or a House of Temporary Accommodation for Wayfarers.  He could get in trouble for camping in an unapproved fashion but it was a risk he would have to take, and with the mood he was in, he was quite ready to defy any and every regulation he could think of.  He even built a fire without a permit from the Incendiary Activity Coordinator and used wood without asking leave of the Arboreal Comptroller.  The cheery blaze revealed a sardonic smile on the face of the Investigator as he rethought the day and began to wonder at his previous eagerness for this assignment.
He had always been as much a stickler for the rules as any petty bureaucrat could be, but after all the headache and frustration of the day, he began to wonder at his previous zeal for such stipulations.  With these uneasy thoughts on his mind, he turned over and tried to sleep in as unregulated a fashion as possible.  The birds awoke far earlier than any sensible regulatory body or department could fathom, a challenge the Avian Affairs Agency was still trying to bring under control, but the small, feathered fiends just would not submit to their authority though fines and imprisonment had all been tried, alas to no avail.  Aido was glad there was something in the Universe that had as yet defied regulation and even more grateful that he would be up and on his way long before the lackeys of the Thoroughfare Safety and Compliance Administration were abroad.  His more sensible side began to regret his rashness with the parking ticket, but another part of him laughed mercilessly at the part that fretted over such a trifling matter.  He gathered up his gear, mounted his horse, and continued on his way.
It was just the sort of day to prolong the usefulness of his standard issue substandard clothing and his heart rejoiced in the beauty of the morning, quite insensible that he was violating at least nine subparagraphs of the Modern Aesthetic Code, which frowned upon such natural splendor and the enjoyment thereof, rather preferring the appreciation of the far more grotesque and grim (not to mention more financially lucrative) products of the modern writers, musicians, and painters.  But what did this mere underling know of High Culture and the Finer Things of Life?  He rode along amongst the bucolic charm all about him, content in his ignorance.  The plain old horse jogged along indifferent to the countryside about him, and therefore quite obviously a lover of Fine Things and of a higher social order than his master.  They came to a sizable market town that afternoon and Aido hoped to make a successful withdrawal from his work account to finance the remainder of his mission, else the paperwork to obtain a reimbursement of his expenditures would take the rest of his mortal days to accomplish.
He stopped before the newest and ugliest building in town, certain that it must be what he sought.  It was, but like every other public institution, it was also closed in observance of an Official Obscure Holiday Weekend.  Apparently his work related expenditures would have to be passed on to his children as an inheritance as he would not live long enough to be reimbursed.  He sighed and urged the beast out of town before he started screaming in frustration and risked being locked away as a lunatic or a disturber of the peace.  Aido rode on for another hour before stopping alongside a happy creek, where he decided to take a break from his saddle and water his highly efficient mode of transportation.  He mused upon his assignment and its futility as he leaned on the bridge railing and watched the gladsome water frolic in its stony channel beneath him.  He wished his life could be as happy and careless as that unceasing flow.  Another day of riding would bring him to his destination, perhaps his previous enthusiasm would then return once he was truly doing what he had always dreamt of doing one day and for which he had spent his entire life preparing.  With a heavy sigh he climbed back into his saddle, knowing chances were very good that only his loathing would grow in the days to come, for his heart had grown cold towards his first and only love.  He rode on, wondering what he was riding towards or perhaps more correctly what he was trying to escape.
He passed through several small villages while the day lasted, each with its own Regulation Stopping Places but he ignored them and rode on, enjoying the illicit thrill of thwarting the over-regulation under which he had happily toiled his entire life.  Thankfully it was a Holiday Weekend, else he might not have made it through the first village without being apprehended by the local constabulary for his various, heinous crimes against humanity and the world in general, to say nothing about the discarded traffic citation.  He rode on through more and more villages, each more forgettable than the last, laid out in the precise pattern required by the Zoning Commission of Outlying Settlements.  He camped again in an unregulated fashion before rising on the Official Obscure Holiday and rode into Happytown in time for the Midday Ingestion Break.  He glanced around uneagerly at yet another cookie cutter village and sighed, but he had work to do.  He entered the Requisite Lodging and Nourishment Establishment for Transients, the only place open on an Official Obscure Holiday, and allowed the flighty teenaged hostess to seat him in the nearly empty common dining area and acknowledged that he would gladly consume the Daily Balanced and Nutritious Repast.  She returned with the unassuming concoction in a bowl and set a mug of some viscous purplish-green liquid before him that smelled of aged turnips and old socks, which immediately killed what little appetite he had.
As he was staring balefully at his inedible Repast, a man with a knowing look in his eyes seated himself beside the Investigator and smiled superciliously at him.  Said the newcomer without preamble, “you work for the Feds don’t you.”  It was not a question.  
Aido looked up in surprise but did not deny it, saying, “what gave me away?”  
The man’s smile became condescending, “anyone dressed in cloth of that poor a make must either be destitute or a government employee.”  He laughed in derision, “my brother is a fabric merchant and makes a handsome living by selling such pathetic material by the square acre to lackeys in the Department of Acquisition and Distribution of Necessary Consumables.  He makes more per yard from that flimsy stuff than he does selling the finest material available to the Great Lords.”  
Aido smiled ironically, “that does not surprise me in the least.”  
Said the stranger, “so what are you doing here?  Obviously you are here on Official Unofficial Business else you’d be in a Right and Proper Uniform.”  
Said Aido warmly, “I am here to discover if any Heroes might be budding in Happytown.  Certain of the Prophecies hint at just such an Occurrence in the very near future.”  
The man laughed, “trying to thwart Prophecy again, are they?  Will you people ever realize there are just some things government cannot control?”
Aido stared at his regulation soup in dismay, “that I highly doubt.”  
Said the man eagerly, “so just what happens if you discover said Hero?”  
Aido said dryly, “we offer him a great government job.  If he declines that, then he gets to attend Mandatory Reeducation Sessions for the Socially Dysfunctional and will inevitably end up committing suicide, excuse me, I mean he will choose Elective Self Annihilation.”  
“Lovely,” said his companion, “you people have a title for everything!”  
Aido smiled wryly, “the Department of Nomenclature is the biggest division of the government.”  He glanced around furtively and said, “I would rather get out of this line of work.  The sooner the better.”  
The stranger brightened, “with that I may be of assistance.”  He continued with an amused smile, “are you aware that you are a fugitive?”  
Aido frowned, “I was not aware that it was Official, but it would not surprise me, though it is an Obscure Holiday.  The parking fine?”  
The stranger laughed, “you didn’t?!”  
Aido caught his amusement and nodded, “I carelessly tossed it aside.”  He then whispered, “among other vicious crimes.”  
The stranger smiled deeply, “then I will gladly aid your disappearance.  We criminals must stick together.  Come!”  They stood silently, heartlessly leaving the inedible fodder on the table and a less than standard tip for the Hostess.
As they walked inconspicuously down the street, Aido noticed several posters bearing his face and emblazoned with directions for his immediate apprehension.  They continued their steady, unhurried progress (so as not to draw attention) and turned down a smaller lane that apparently vanished into the neatly managed coppice behind the village.  Eventually the Regulation Side Path crossed the threshold into the Unregulated and Semi-wild Wooded Area and became as unmanaged as the forest through which it wound.  They continued on in silence for nearly an hour, and only when they felt themselves truly alone and unobserved did the stranger finally speak, “so what has prompted your flight from Order my friend?”  
Aido laughed, “I set out with every good intention of fulfilling my orders but it seemed at every turn there was a governmentally imposed hindrance to me accomplishing my task or even surviving for an hour without unneeded frustration and complication.  That and the ride out here gave me plenty of time to consider life and the lack of meaning therein.”  
The stranger smiled broadly, “welcome to the first day of a purposeful life my friend.  I am called Gunyon and am a member of the Freemen for Commonsense.”  
Aido grinned, “that sounds like something birthed in the Department of Nomenclature.”  
Gunyon laughed, “it was, we social rebels had not yet got around to naming our pathetic little society and the guys over at Nomenclature could not abide having such an as yet unnamed group running at large so they came up with a name for us.”
“Just what does this society of yours do?” asked Aido as they trekked deeper into the confines of the wood.  
Gunyon shrugged, “we really haven’t accomplished much of anything yet.  We started only a few months ago as a small group of annoyed citizens who occasionally met to grouse about too much Order over Tea.  Of course our Tea Time was not considered the Official Hour for Consuming Brewed Beverages so the authorities soon started to take notice.  We each received a rather nasty letter, in triplicate of course, indicating that we had best mend our ways or there would be Dire Consequences.”  
“What did you do?” asked Aido, both amused and aghast.  
Gunyon smiled, “we went underground of course.  On the outside we are just monotonous citizens but when no one is looking...” he paused for effect, “we each of us are rather disorderly and unique.”  
“Your crimes far outweigh mine, sir,” said Aido with a respectful bow.  
Gunyon smiled in anticipation, “but you have hardly begun to rebel my friend.  I think you could make quite a career of it.”  For the first time since he left his old life behind, Aido felt the first stirrings of eagerness and what he was startled to realize must be hope.
Once Aido was completely confused as to direction and the hour, they stood outside an old fashioned but well tended cottage with only a few unofficial weeds daring to show their leaves in the otherwise regulation vegetable patch.  Aido said in appreciation, “how do you get away with keeping up such a residence?”  
Gunyon smiled, “the Inspectors for the Regulatory Authority of Domiciles and Outbuildings are loath to travel this far off the beaten path to make sure my house is up to code.  I don’t tell them anything and they don’t ask; it is a mutually beneficial relationship.”  They stabled the horse in an old lean-to that had once housed a cow, but Gunyon had not bothered to go through the rigmarole required to acquire a new one after the decease of his previous beast.  They entered the cottage and Gunyon’s wife happily served them a brewed beverage outside the requisite hours.  As they sipped their tea, they discussed many things and Aido felt himself enjoying life and real companionship for the first time in living memory.  
“So what about this Hero of yours?” asked Gunyon as he munched on his fifteenth cucumber sandwich.  
Aido said with a mouthful of cookie, “what about him?”  
Gunyon said, “what makes The Powers That Be think one is like to rise from such a place as Happytown?”  
Aido swallowed his cookie and said, “the name alone would suffice, but there are certain vague writings from an extinct people group native to the very south of the world that suggests as much, but as I said, the Prophecy is vague and it could be any of ten or twenty different villages and this may not even be the Appointed Time.  That is the problem with Prophecy, it is often rather vague and fulfills itself often without us knowing until long after the fact.  But just to be on the safe side, they are taking all precautions.”  
“How do you go about finding a Hero?” asked Gunyon with a smile.  
Aido chewed thoughtfully for a moment and then replied, “we will of course monitor all known widows with only sons, step-families containing an ill-tempered woman, orphans raised by obscure or cruel relatives, and anyone who has ever found a child of unknown pedigree on their doorstep.  Of course the current management strategy for all such High Risk Families has been implemented to prevent just such an occurrence.  None of these Families at High Risk of Hero Production or Prophecy Fulfillment are left to go hungry, become poor, or otherwise grow discontent with their lot in life.  If there is no discontent or need, or so the theory goes, there is unlikely to be a Hero produced or a Prophecy fulfilled.”
“An interesting theory,” said Gunyon as he chewed, “has it worked?”  
Aido shrugged his shoulders, “before my promotion to Investigator I worked mostly in the Laboratory of Statistics and Numerical Data which compiles numbers on Everything, even on things that have no numerical data, but there was very little convincing evidence that any of their preventive protocols either helped or hindered Prophecy/Hero attainment.  In reality, such occurrences are so rare that it would take a millennium to get enough data to even begin calculating whether their programs are effective or not.  Of course, no one really cares if a bureaucracy is effective so long as it seems to be doing something.”  
Gunyon chewed on this revelation and another sandwich, before saying, “can we improvise our own Hero?”  
Aido sat back and said thoughtfully, “it certainly isn’t done that way, at least if you are going by the Book, but I am so tired of ‘The Book of All Regulations Pertaining to Decent and Orderly Civilian Life’ that I think we should, just to spite them all!”  
Gunyon nodded, “very well, we will.”
They stayed up much of the night (quite against the Treaty on Reasonable and Necessary Nocturnal Activities) discussing their plans to implement a Hero and/or fulfill a Prophecy.  As they made up their lists, discussed necessary attributes, and inventoried equipment, Aido said in surprise, “it seems my training to prevent Hero actualization has actually equipped me with all of the requisite skills.”  
Gunyon smiled, “and out of Happytown a Hero shall arise.  Prophecy fulfilled!  Excellent!  Now all we need is a ragtag band of followers and we shall be ready to shake the Pillars of Order.”  
Aido said hopefully, “your company of so-called Freemen?”  
Gunyon shook his head, “a few might be interested or willing to assist in our caper, but we need the seediest, most scandalous, and underrated band of cutthroats this world can supply.”  
Aido nodded, “ah, you suggest a raid on the Facility for the Containment of Socially Awkward Individuals.”  Gunyon smiled in anticipation of what was to come.
They went to bed and slept well into the day (violating the Compact on Acceptable Awakenings) and after a scrumptious breakfast that had nothing whatsoever to do with the Highly Recommended and Otherwise Required Guidelines for Food Preparation and Consumption, they went about plotting their raid.  They made their way out of the forest in the twilight, knowing no true government official would bother being out of doors at that hour.  They stayed overnight with another Freeman who lived on the far border of the forest and set out before first light the next morning.  For three days they traveled as far and hard as they could each day without risking exposure by too much exertion.  They arrived outside the Facility of CSAI in time for the Afternoon Refreshment Period and had to wait for admittance until the Guard for Security and Safety had finished his allotted Refreshment.  The bored and disgruntled looking man in his fading years studied their paperwork, stared at them, returned to the paperwork, whistled tunelessly, and then resumed staring at them.  Finally he said in irritation, “seems like everything is in order Investigator, you may proceed with your prisoner.”  
Gunyon nodded grimly and touched Aido in the small of the back with his swordpoint, grumbling, “move along scum.”  They both contained an exuberant smile that their subterfuge was working so well, of course it helped that Aido was truly an Investigator with a real Department and that Gunyon was a renowned scribe who could copy, forge, or create any document or handwriting desired.
As Aido was by now a well-known criminal, it was quite reasonable to present him as the newest inmate of the Facility.  They wound deeper into the complex, passing each checkpoint and guard station with ease until they were in the very heart of the detention area.  The day was wearing out as they passed the last checkpoint and Gunyon asked after the keys, that he might lock up his captive for the night.  The guard yawned and said, “it is one minute to close pal, whatever you do afterhours is no concern of mine but I won’t be held liable for overtime.  Take the keys, I’m going home.”  He handed over the gigantic key ring and left for the night, leaving the pair alone with the inmates.  
It took several hours to free the captives, as there were countless keys to try in each lock, but finally the prisoners were loose and they began discussing strategy.  It was an easy matter to capture the skeleton crew that guarded the facility at night and lock them up in the prisoners’ stead.  It was many months before the incarcerated guards were able to convince the morning crew that they had been illegally detained, but finally the paperwork made it through all the proper channels and the guards were released with only a severe scolding.  The morning crew thought it odd that the number and faces of the prisoners had changed overnight but as there was no official paper trail on the matter, no one wanted to get in trouble or take responsibility, so nothing was said about it until the proper paperwork was completed, by which time our Heroes were long since gone.
Most of the detainees went home, as there were far too many of them to go a’questing, but there were half a dozen that stayed to help.  Aido studied their motley crew with appreciation; here were rebels indeed.  One man had green hair that clashed with his favorite purple shirt, another really liked liver and onions, there was a lady who was overly fond of cats, Robert insisted on being called Bob, there was a repeat jaywalker (crosswalks hadn’t been invented yet), and a man who had accidentally cut the tags off of a mattress he did not own.  Few were the criminals in the realm more vile than these, let The Powers That Be tremble, for the Shakers of Empire had emerged (yes, the Nomenclature people are at it again).  They easily made their way out of the Containment Facility after raiding the parking garage and locker room for their own personal benefit and went out to, well, shake the Empire.
So how do eight people make an Empire tremble and bring an overbearing bureaucracy to its knees?  Easy!  Destroy the Paperwork, for if it does not exist on paper, it does not exist, at least in a bureaucracy.  So off they went, to interfere with the lifeblood of this bungling, lumbering giant and who better to aid them than the Minions of Government themselves.  Aido thought the tree obsessed people over at the Arboreal Comptroller would be just the folks to get on their side, for if it were well nigh impossible to get paper, one could not have paperwork, and no paperwork meant no bureaucracy.  So our zany friends arrayed themselves in varicolored splendor and did not bath or shave for several weeks.  Once they appeared to be quite friendly with the earth and all therein, they wandered over to the Main Office of the Arboreal Comptroller and made their plea.  The Administrative Assistant was quite perplexed by these hippy-wannabes and did the only thing possible in a confusing or overwhelming situation: she delegated.  So it was that they passed from one office to another, from one flunky’s hands to a lackey down the hall.  Finally they arrived in the Office of the Arboreal Comptroller himself and happily extolled their plan of saving the nation’s precious forests from the horrid fate of wanton waste and negligence that was rampant throughout the realm.  The man nodded, ordered his personal aides to present themselves, and soon interrogated them as to the abuse of the obviously vanishing woodlands.
The minions agreed to the last man (what else are minions for?) that there was certainly a problem and only drastic and instantaneous action could preserve some small scrap of the once great forests from total annihilation.  One went so far as to proclaim that his son’s third grade science teacher had complained the other day that they seemed to be cutting down too many trees lately, at least more than she remembered as a girl.  This smote the hearts of all those listening sore and even lent scientific credence to the Theory of Arboreal Apocalypse.  The Comptroller had heard enough; he would act immediately.  
The Service for the Collection and Distribution of Information: Useful and Otherwise, was summoned to report on this horrifying discovery and soon the whole nation was in a near panic at looming paper shortages, rampant deforestation, and the resulting air pollution, acid rain, and erosion that would no doubt make the entire world uninhabitable for at least a thousand years, give or take an Officially Obscure Holiday.  So it was that Drastic Measures were taken and the forests were saved and the masses appeased.  Paper became scarce and terribly expensive until someone decided to import it from less prudent nations, thus restoring paper to the peasantry.  Of course, during the paper shortage the entire government collapsed due to lack of paperwork and most of its officials were forced to seek sanctuary in the nation’s universities and on the professional speaking circuit, where they remain to this day.
While the economy suffered a grievous recession in the public sector, private industry and productivity flourished (even without paper) as never before, and for the first time in history, people without a government job could actually make a living.  Eventually things settled down, paper was restored to the nation, and the government returned, but in a more modest and humble form, which was the only kind now acceptable to the temporarily freed plebs who, once drunk with the wine of freedom, could not again taste of the moonshine of bureaucracy.  As for our heroes, each was honored with his or her own Official Obscure Holiday but after the Paper Revolution, only the Service for the Distribution of Written Communications officially observed said Holidays, but then, no government is perfect!


In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.


