The Legend of Nikolai
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The tree stood in the clearing under the sky of the pale sun shining low in the sky. Tamara a female with long night sky waist length hair pulled back in a tail stood in front of the tree with hands on her hips of her pants. She was wearing a tunic over the pants that were in ankle length boots. She stared at the thick tree with a door in it. Next to her was her sister Ariel a female with long hair pulled in a tail that stood shivering to herself with arms on her sides. Ariel stood wearing similar clothing as Tamara frowned staring at the tree with the door in it. 
She spoke “Ariel, what happened to our brother Tam?”
Ariel replied “I saw Tam went in the door and he like the men who go in hasn’t returned.”
Sighing Tamara went to the door and pulled it open. Light shined showing a hallway set of stairs that lead to a door down below inside the tree. The door had a wall of mists on its sides.
Frowning Tamara heard Ariel speak “Enter if you want for the elves are always returned unlike Humans who aren’t.”
Tamara groaned some sound and spoke “We’ll enter it together for I’m not leaving you out there.” 
Ariel stared at Tamara with shock on her face as her sister gestured with a hand. 
Tamara continued speaking “Ariel, it’ll be night time soon and I’m not leaving you out in the dark to be scared out of your wits like you are now.” 
Ariel groaned and walked towards Tamara towards the door and wrapped an arm around her sister’s. Together the two entered the hallway inside the tree. The door slammed behind them as they went down the steps under the lighted hallway. Tamara looked around to see glowing balls sitting in the ceiling lighting the hallway. The two reached the door down the hallway and Tamara rapped on the door surrounded by the mists on the sides. She frowned as the floor gave away and both women fell through losing grips on each other. Tamara found herself sliding through a dark tunnel that opened below her. She fell through the opening and landed next to the tree with the door at its sides through the bushy leaves. Groaning Tamara heard screaming and quickly got up and went to the other side of the thick tree to see Ariel sitting on the ground screaming away. Tamara went to her sister and grabbed her who stopped screaming. 
Tamara spoke “Come, Ariel. It appears we’ve been rejected.” 
She helped her sister up and the two walked away from the tree. 
Ariel gave a yell screaming out “Something’s caught my ankle!” 
Tamara looked down to see a metal manacle attached to Ariel’s ankle over the boot with a chain which she pulled led to the tree. Frowning she looked down at her boots to see a metal manacle with a chain leading to the tree attached to one of her ankles. 
Tamara spoke “Well, that’s interesting, chaining us to the tree so we can’t leave.” 
Ariel groaned some sound as Tamara continued “It’ll be night time soon so I guess we’ll sit together and see what the tree has to tell us.” 
Tamara pulled Ariel towards the tree and sat at the sides with Ariel clinging to her sister’s arms next to her. Tamara heard Ariel groan as the sun went down the horizon as night time arrived with the moon shining in the sky. In the light of the moon, Tamara sat leaning against the tree with Ariel next to her listening for the sounds of the night. 
Yawning Tamara spoke “Ariel, why did Tam go in the tree?”
Ariel answered “Tamara, Tam appeared to be compelled to go when he went in. I tried to stop him but Tam knocked me out by punching me in the face.” 
Tamara spoke “That’s interesting.” 
Yawning Tamara felt Ariel snuggle close to her and the two fell asleep. 

Snickering laughter sounded as the storyteller paused from the story he feeling annoyance take hold within him. He kept on speaking despite the snickering changing the name of Tamara to Malaja and her sister's name to Laila and her brother's name to Mykola. 

Malaja shook her head feeling a hand on her shoulder shaking her awake. She woke up to stare at a small glow ball held in the hand of a figure she recognized to be Mykola with his face similar to hers and had the identical long black hair who straighten his form. Malaja opened her mouth to speak when Mykola put a finger to his lips and shook his head. Malaja stared at her brother who looked around then leaned down putting a hand on Laila’s shoulder shaking her awake. Laila woke up with a gasp and Malaja was quick to put a hand on her sister’s mouth whose talk was silent when she saw Mykola. The sisters stared at their brother who straightened up to stand staring at them. 
Mykola squatted still holding the glow ball and spoke “You’re to witness something so keep your mouth shut or die.” 
Malaja and Laila stiffened hearing the voice Mykola spoke wasn’t in his familiar tones. Saying this, Mykola left the two, opening the door to the tree and entered it disappearing from their eyes sight. Malaja released Laila's mouth that clung to her sister in fear while shaking. Malaja wrapped her arms around a shaking Laila as she looked around in the moonlight with a frown. The two stiffened hearing howling noises. The howling heard by the sisters got closer and closer to their trapped forms. Malaja felt Laila grab one of her hands and placed the hand over her mouth while shaking in fear. Malaja with a hand over Laila's mouth held in place by her sat alert frowning. Laila pointed a finger towards a tree at the edge of the clearing while shaking. Malaja looked to see where Laila was pointing and saw a creature in the moonlight walking towards them. She frowned in recognizing the large tiger that had striped fur with a cat like face that padded towards them. The tiger reaching the two stretched and sat reclining on its stomach with its face facing them. Malaja stared as the tiger opened its mouth and gave a howling noise. She sensed Laila shake some more and tightened her grip holding her sister in place. There was howling noises heard by the sisters who saw seven tigers arrive to join the first one. The tigers sat in various positions in front of the watching sisters in a circle around the first tiger. 
The sisters stiffened hearing their brother’s voice speaking appearing to come from one of the tigers whose mouth opened and closed “You called us, master?”
The tiger in the middle of the circle opened its mouth as a male voice was heard by the sisters speaking “I called you here for a meeting.” 
Their brother’s voice spoke “Appears you have, for what wisdom you wish to tell us?”
The male voice spoke as the tiger in the middle stood up and stretched while opening and closing its mouth “I called for a meeting for two females together have entered the doorway as required and are chained to the tree as witnesses.”
Hearing that, Malaja and Laila stiffened in shock as the other tigers turned their heads to look at the sisters sitting at the tree. 
The tiger in the middle continued talking “The tree has decided those two meet the requirements and their here as required.” 
Malaja and Laila stiffened some more as one of the tigers got up and walked forwards towards them to face the sisters. 
The tiger turned its head towards the group as their brother’s voice was heard by the sisters coming from it “I know those two females. Their sisters called Malaja and Laila sisters of a brother named Mykola.”
Malaja and Laila groaned inwardly while hearing their names said by the tiger. 
The tiger in the middle sat down reclining on its stomach and spoke “Malaja and Laila.” 
The tiger facing the sisters turned around and walked towards the other tigers joining them. Malaja frowned as Laila stopped her shaking as the two watched the tigers sit staring at them. 
The tiger in the middle spoke again “Go to sleep Malaja and Laila, we’ll watch you till the sun light.” 
Malaja yawned as she sensed Laila loosen her hold. She closed her eyes leaning her head back and fell sleep with Laila’s head on her shoulder. 

Malaja shook her head when she heard a clinking snap sound. She opened her eyes in the sun light of the new day to see the manacle around her booted ankle gone and looked at Laila’s ankle to see that the manacle was also gone. 
Frowning Malaja woke up Laila who shook her head and looked at her with confusion. Malaja got up from her position from the tree as Laila did the same. The two stood looking around the forests with a frown as the sun shined in the sky warming up the day. 
Laila groaned some sound and spoke “Unbelievable, they won’t believe this talk about what happened last night.” 
Malaja spoke “Hmm, no tracks in the ground.” 
She pointed towards the bare dirt ground where the two last seen the tigers. 
Laila groaned and spoke “The village must be worried about us by now.”
Malaja glared at the ground and spoke “Oh right, they’ll be worried about us. We’re two grown Human females living in a village where males have been known to kidnap women to ravage them with their love. Come on, let’s go home.”
The two walked into the forests of tall towering trees passing by bushes. They reached the top of a high hill and looked down to see the village. The village was wooden houses made out of logs with chimneys that stood scattered silently.  
Malaja held up a hand and spoke “That’s odd, there are no smoke coming from the chimneys and I don’t see any one around.” 
Laila groaned as Malaja continued speaking “Come on, let’s go down and see what’s going on.” 
The two sisters walked down the hill towards the village. They reached the first house to see the door was closed and the curtains down from looking through the windows. Malaja frowned as she knocked on the wooden door and waited. She tried the door knob and found the door locked. 
Laila spoke “I’m going to our home-” 
Malaja interrupted her “Wait, I’ll go with you. This is getting strange.” 
She followed Laila passed several houses towards a clearing and stood staring with a frown on her face. The sisters paused to stare at where their house stood in its place was a familiar tree with a door in it. Malaja frowned as she and Laila walked towards the tree and both sisters fell backwards as something blocked their way. Groaning Malaja got up as Laila slowly got up. Malaja walked forwards holding out her hands and felt a hidden wall blocking the way towards the tree which she rapped on it with a hand.
Laila spoke “I don’t like this not one bit.”
Malaja groaned some sound as she leaned against the wall and spoke “Appears we are inside the tree’s world seeing what happens to the Humans who enters it and hasn’t returned.” 

At the moment the storyteller Nikolai was interrupted by King Nightwalker, the Bloody vampire's species, laughing hysterically. Nikolai grunted feeling one of the King's guards thrust him to kneel as the King kept on hysterically laughing. He glared at the King with his eyes all blue looking in annoyance while clad in gonoid skin clothes. He recalled as the King laughed that he didn't get his neck chopped off. He wound up knocked out unconscious by a sword handle pounding onto the back of his head making him think he was going to die unconscious. His twin, pouch sister as dubbed by the Bloodies, Helena, he recalled from senses cued to her once he was woken up in the dungeon wasn't sensed anywhere to his annoyance. Nikolai kept the glare in response recalling the story was of his Mother and Helena's mother and their Aunt's arrival to Terra as told to them via Laila, their Mother's sister. He recalled that Mykola his Mother's twin or pouch brother disappeared and was never found again with no sight of him at all even ever found on Terra. He continued to glare at the King recalling fully that Malaja was his Mother and Helena's Mother that mysteriously wound up pregnant carrying him and his sister at the same time. He recalled further that Malaja wound up going blind mysteriously and had always hung around the nighttime of the castle while it was asleep. Malaja, his Mother, he recalled had seemed to shun the sunlight and had refused to be out in the daylight despite some blindness hitting her. Nikolai kept the glare as he recalled that Laila acted as Malaja's eyes for daylight duties and helped her birth himself and his pouch sister Helena before Malaja disappeared soon after the birth. He recalled that Laila was left to care for him and Helena alone in the castle on an island nation of Ireland as dubbed by the Ancient Ones, he later learned himself and his sister was one of them and so was his Aunt. 
He kept the glare aimed at the King who quit his laughing to thrust a leg of an animal onto the floor and speaking "Go eat your dinner joker."
Nikolai found himself crawling to the animal's leg unstopped which he picked up and bit into it several times out of hunger. He recalled fully that Laila once he and Helena were fully grown ordered them both off Ireland onto a boat to the discovered continent of Columbia as declared by a King ruling at the time. He recalled that Helena and he wound up in Brazil living among nature in the jungle despite it known for Bloodies and their King being worshipped as a deity lord. He kept the glare aimed at King Nightwalker used him as a joker jester to tell stories and jokes to the court crowd for food in return before thrown back into the familiar jail cell to stay. Nikolai kept the glare in response as he bit into the animal's leg greedily before it got yanked away from him by a guard he not able to satisfy his hunger. He felt annoyance take hold as the guard thrust him a bucket of liquid that smelled stinky to him and got ordered to drink. Nikolai heard snickering like laughter from the crowd in the throne room of the King's residence. He felt himself terribly thirsty wound up sipping a sip only to get it yanked from his hands and dumped over him with its stinky smell still stinking away. Nikolai heard laughter from the crowd along with the King hysterically laughing away. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the King spoke "Well jester don't you have any tall tales to tell us hmm?"
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line to get a creepy feeling of something familiar he wasn't sure what it was. He frowned but opened his mouth only to get a guard clamping the animal's leg onto it blocking him from talking. He kept the glare as the crowd laughed hysterically to his annoyance. Nikolai kept the glare in response as he sensed the familiar feeling hitting him abruptly he confused to feel. He wound up getting the animal's leg away from his mouth which he clamped his mouth shut and refused to talk despite talking orders from the King to speak. 
Nikolai wound up keeping his mouth into a thin line and refused to speak as the King spoke "Anyhow throw this jester out of my sight into the dungeon now."
He found the King's order obeyed to get hauled out of the building outside into the eternal darkness shield of Rio Pluto, to find the guards collapsing onto the ground as if suffering from some wound indicating of death. He smelled them stinking of death to his confusion. He frowned as he found a black armored figure riding towards him on horseback that proceeded to grab a hold of him and gestured. He obeyed to get onto the horseback behind the armored figure and clung as the figure rode it out of the city unstopped. Nikolai recalled the familiar feeling hitting him to realize it was something involving his connection to his Father he feeling confused to why it was hitting. He frowned as the armored figure rode the horse onto the road out of Rio Pluto to the jungle forest and kept on riding seemingly lengthy all day and all night despite he falling asleep while holding onto the male. Nikolai woke up feeling himself wet all over to find himself in the lake of the King's waste water pool outside Nightwalker's residence in Rio Pluto he grunted an annoyed sound at the memory. He forced himself to swim laps back and forth in the water despite guards heard edging him to come out and he ignored to swim for his leg muscles. He ignored crocodiles sensed swimming nearby to continue on swimming till he felt like he had an enough got out of the water only to get grabbed by the guards. Nikolai, unsure of his actual name despite the King using that name as his name publicity among the natives of Brazil in the city of Rio Pluto, he recalled the name change was to hide his identity from people and vampires. He recalled chained onto a wheelchair and pushed into the King's pool room who stood with arms folded watching Sodom swimming in the pool under the guidance of his own declared twin brother Gomorrah despite both giving him feelings of having a relationship with each other. 
He eyed Nightwalker warily as he heard the King blast within his mind to his annoyance to his thinking questions within him "Gomorrah is actually the son of a Bloody aka Achilles himself. I was forced to take Gomorrah as my own son just to save his life from the machinations of his own Father making fun of him favoring males in a sexual relationship way. Sodom wound up having fondness towards Gomorrah enough to consider having a relationship with him something I'm not going to question it. Achilles is currently either in Janeiro or Rio Pluto causing my God deity trick again as usual."
Nikolai wound up blasting his own thoughts ignoring Nightwalker's blaring "My sister Helena was declared a lunatic by the Bloodies when they caught her. Besides I managed to restore the pouch connection to my sister Helena which stopped her craziness. But the connection I restored is reminding me of my connection towards my parents that created us to existence. I'm not sure of where Father, Ancient One dubbing himself Victor, is named after his own Father with that name, is at, at the moment. That despite he claiming of having a brother named Terror going around Brazil as some Forgiver of crimes whatever that is. Hmph. Ancient One as my Father is known among the Brazilians, mostly Humans, has refused to leave Brazil while going around as the vessel of an Ancient One in deity terms. He has left the duties of the Ancient One's deity status to me, traveling all over Brazil. Ugh my Father is still smarting from a Sonya playing the romance card onto him to trick him into giving his deity status towards her to Nightwalker. Also it wound up creating his daughter Amyanna as she's dubbed who currently has a relationship with a Bloody male with twin abilities to Nightwalker contained in the United States of America, at the moment. A pity that my Father has used that Sonya's trick to explain why he won't leave Brazil's Rio Pluto's vicinity in my face including using authority of him as the Father over me and towards whoever whenever we meet in public with others Argh. No wonder Father has refused to get involved in this jokey stunt that Nightwalker is playing at the moment, using himself as a deity lord towards the Brazilian natives. It's the same with Father refusing to get involved with the Sonyas playing Goddess deity tricks as usual. Ugh."
He ignored his thoughts sensed blasting within the mind of Nightwalker who made no sign of hearing him. Nikolai found himself pushed to follow Nightwalker who went into the locker room to shower in the shower room. He grunted an annoyed sound finding Sodom and Gomorrah joining Nightwalker in the shower room. He forced himself to avert his eyes while hearing moaning sounds within the room as he felt relief once Nightwalker was done showering to get pushed into the massage room to find the King flopped himself onto the bed and waited for the massagers to rub him unconscious. Nikolai sighed as the two Sonyas wearing sexy clad outfits wound up going towards him to rub their hands all over him and not sparing his sensitive part hidden via the animal skin pants. He sighed feeling their hands rubbing his muscles all over his front. He continued to sigh as they didn't spare his head or scalp which he ignored till he felt himself sleepy shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Nikolai dreamed of himself back in King Nightwalker's presence accompanied by the familiar sinister armored figure, he kneeling on the floor glaring at the King. He found the armored figure was appearing to be sinister and not his Father was standing next to him holding his hair with a hand while having a sword onto his neck. He grunted an annoyed sound recalling of falling asleep onto the ground during daylight. Nikolai recalled waking up during the evening hours to find a sinister armored figure had snuck onto him while he was unconscious and wound up getting him tied to a horse. He recalled with disgust that the armored figure rode both horses, was traveling only to wake up feeling water dripping onto his face. He recalled the water was stinky and smelled bad to him along with finding himself back into King Nightwalker's presence. 
Nikolai kept the glare aimed at King Nightwalker who spoke "Name your price, Knightman for the returning of this jokey jester now."
Nikolai heard nothing from the Knightman a lower form of vampire that wasn't a blood drinker but was only covered up in armored clothes, in response but felt himself thrust to kneel followed by a foot placed onto his back holding him there. He grunted an annoyed sound as there was a sound sounding familiar to him along with something heavy shattering on the back of his neck he confused to what it was. He heard gasps sounds while in his position of facing the floor with mouth onto it. Nikolai heard nothing more from the crowd as the foot removed itself followed by straightening up his form he finding the Knightman was standing thrusting a broken sword aimed at the King and running a finger across his throat while indicating who he wanted dead. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the Knightman walked out of the room unstopped followed by the crowd appearing to be whispering he finding them pointing fingers aimed at King Nightwalker and making smirking looks aimed at the male. Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as guards went to King Nightwalker and hauled him from the throne chair and got him to kneel. He frowned as the guards held King Nightwalker in a way like they were baring his neck. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the guards brought their swords against King Nightwalker's neck he finding them chopping off the male's head with the crown falling off rolling towards him. 
He ignored the crown to hear gasps sound to hear from one of the crowds' people loudly "Let it be known that the city will be named Rio Pluto in honor of King Nightwalker the first himself."
Nikolai recognized the voice as the succeeding Nightwalker to find the male walking into the room hearing crowd gasps sounds looking twin to the head chopped off Nightwalker to his disgust. He found Nightwalker's twin walked up to the crown and picked it up followed by placing it on top of his head. 
He frowned as Achilles came into view and heard the male spoke loudly "Hail to Nightwalker, King of Bloodies ruler of us all."
Nikolai shut his eyes and came to from his dream feeling a hand patting his cheek he sighed and opened his eyes to glare at the female massager. 
She spoke to his annoyance "Your back is done. So turn around and get the front done."
Nikolai shook his head of sleep to find Nightwalker got up in response and spoke ignoring the massagers ogling the King and his nakedness "Not today. Just make sure that Sodom and Gomorrah receive the proper medicines for their sexual behavior onto each other. I don't care to hear complaints of them passing sicknesses onto each other via sexual acts."
He found himself pushed via wheelchair as Nightwalker walked out of the massage room to go to a locker to put on his familiar clothes and sandaled shoes then brushed his black straight hair. He grunted an annoyed sound as Nightwalker walked out of the locker room to go to the elevator recalling himself to use his mental voice ability dubbed Source, by Nightwalker, in control. 
Nikolai once in the elevator spoke via Nightwalker's red eyed glare stare "Home."
He willed aside the mental ability while feeling the elevator going up. He sighed once it reached Nightwalker's residence penthouse in the building and found the King without a word walked out of the elevator as he remained seated in the wheelchair in the elevator. He felt dizziness hitting him groaned and shut his eyes to dream of himself going out of the elevator via his own two feet. Nikolai dreamed of himself went to his office to his desk and poured himself a drink of orange as it was called. 
He sipped the drink grimacing from the tart taste he recalling "I drank this alcoholic drink to kill off the pouch connection on orders of my Father to do it. Underworld blast, Helena wound up suffering from the lack of the pouch connection and caused too much trouble in Brazil going around as a lunatic, believing in a goddess deity. The Bloodies were considering killing her. I restored the connection once withdrawn from the alcoholic drink. She's back in Brazil in the jungles in hiding. She better be there and not in Rio Pluto used as a food slave-"
Nikolai interrupted his thought sensing Helena within vicinity of his office to speak "Greetings sister what brings you here hmm?"
He turned around to find Helena standing in the office with a red eyed glare of Nightwalker making him annoyed to see from her, he figured he was dreaming of something the male put him to dream from being used as feeding. 
He glared at Helena in response he recalled "I'm not immune to Nightwalker's feeding dreams onto me. It sucks when I'm used as a food slave."
Nikolai kept the glare in response as he felt his arms grabbed by Bloodies four males, all Achilles' twins and got the orange drink dumped into his mouth forced open along with hearing orders to swallow the drink. He grunted in response forcing himself to will the orange drink through his nose and found it spilling out in a fast move in response. Nikolai coughed once done spilling to find the Bloodies gathered around Helena she having arms folded and giving him a familiar glare he recognized she wanted him to admit something. 
He spoke while ignoring the orange's drink dripping down his nose "What is it you want now Helena?"
He glared at Helena in response to find her speaking "Admit it that you used this nose trick to avoid being poisoned."
Nikolai spoke with sarcasm despite hearing Helena using Nightwalker's blasting voice roaring within the back of his mind he feeling the dreaming still continuing to his disgust "So? Shouldn't you be able to do this trick yourself, sister dear?"
He glared as Helena spoke "Don't sister dear me, Nicky!"
He sighed hearing the name of Nicky, Nightwalker used onto him from time to time whenever the King was furious with something.
Nikolai spoke in response "What's gotten you to throw a hissy fit this time-"
He was interrupted "Hissy fit my seat Nicky. Just admit it that trick involving avoiding being poisoned."
He sighed hearing the voice tone of Helena to indicate that Nightwalker was upset again on another attempt onto his life via another Bloody trying to take his title, and was taking it out onto him. 
Nikolai spoke firmly "Helena I learned that trick from dear old Daddy himself."
He glared at Helena in response as he heard "I'm the great Nightwalker! I'm the greatest King! I'm the Greatest!"
Nikolai rubbed a hand on his forehead hearing Nightwalker's familiar annoying blaring sounding in his mind. He eyed Helena warily to find her sputtering gibberish he not sure of what she was saying. He ignored Helena to go to his desk to pick up a cloth wiping his mouth and face with it till he felt his arms grabbed again. He grunted an annoyed sound as a pill was dumped into his mouth followed by forced to swallow it. Nikolai recalled his trick to get the pill out of his stomach as in having it travel down his body's front and coming out of his bellybutton he did towards such pills popped into his mouth. He ignored the pill felt traveling slowly down to the bellybutton as he glared at Helena who got the Bloodies escorting her. 
Nikolai glared as Helena spoke "So explain that trick of pills coming out of your bellybutton now."
He sighed and spoke firmly "Didn't Father teach you how to do that trick hmm?"
He glared at Helena as the Bloodies formed fear looks and disappeared in light shows on Nightwalker's familiar voice commands. 
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as Helena spoke "No Father as you refer as Ancient One didn't teach me anything. It was my wife Beatrice as she refers herself that had to teach me bits about the Goddess running supreme within you stinking Brazilian natives. So get that pill out of you now."
He obeyed to find the pill had reached his bellybutton which he undid his top and yanked out the medicine to throw it onto the desk. 
He kept the glare aimed at Helena who spoke "I figured out what happened to your predecessor food slave. Aren't you curious to know what I figured out?"
Nikolai spoke in response to the familiar argument Nightwalker kept bringing up "I already know what happened to that food slave, a lunatic calling himself a Forgiver of crimes. Don't need you to tell me that. So drop the subject now and get out of my sight. You overstayed your welcome sister dear."
He glared at Helena who opened her mouth to speak only to see her disappear in a light show while sensing she was angry about something from the pouch connection. He ignored Helena's anger to pour himself another cup of orange and sipped the drink entirely down he grimacing from the taste. Nikolai felt cat's paws onto his shoulder followed by a familiar meow sounding in his ear. He sighed finding Annie hiding in the King's residence as always had come out of hiding to sit on his shoulder announcing her presence. Nikolai ignored Annie the cat that rubbed her face onto the side of his head followed by giving off a loud yowl and darting off of him. He heard a loud Tsk sound from behind him to sighed turning around to face the King's guard Achilles standing there with a look of disapproval on the Bloody's face. 
Nikolai, heard from Nightwalker spoke in response "I didn't call for you Achilles."
He found himself lying on a floor in a heated familiar cell seeing Nightwalker glaring at Achilles who spoke in response "Actually Master there's a stinky smell coming from this room indicating of something. I'm pretty sure it's not related to Annie your cat again."
Nikolai found Nightwalker snarling loudly towards Achilles "Just make sure it's not Annie as you're claiming its being. I'll be in the public bathroom cleaning this stink off of me."
He ignored Achilles giving off another Tsk sound which he found the Bloody following Nightwalker out of the room as he was thrust onto a wheelchair. Nikolai found himself chained to it and pushed to follow Nightwalker through the King's residence with Achilles following. He found Achilles continued to give off his Tsk sounds as Nightwalker continued to the public bathroom. 
Nikolai felt like he had an enough spoke firmly ignoring Nightwalker's growl "Achilles, something I or your King should know since you're following with that ridiculous noise your making?"
He found Achilles disappearing from view in response which he gave up a loud Hmph sound and found himself pushed into the public bathroom with Nightwalker inside. He grunted an annoyed sound as Nightwalker went inside to the public bathroom to find Nightwalker's twin sons Gomorrah, standing, and Sodom seated in a wheelchair. 
He heard Nightwalker speak as both males stared at him questioningly while appearing to be wrinkling their noses "Don't ask."
Nikolai found Nightwalker, ignored them both and got into the shower stall after stripping himself of the clothes he threw onto the floor. He grunted an annoyed sound as Nightwalker scrubbed himself including taking himself in hand while spied on by Sodom and Gomorrah, the male ignored their leering looks of hunger to him. Nightwalker to Nikolai's disgust, got out of the shower stall once done finding both twin males he saw appeared to have quit the nose wrinkling to the King's relief. He found Gomorrah coming up to him and appearing to be sniffing Nightwalker's shoulder then went to sniff his shoulder to his annoyance. 
Nikolai found Nightwalker pushed Gomorrah away from him while snarling "Cut it out with the dog sniffing now Gomorrah!"
He gave Gomorrah a glare to hear in response "Wannabe get me out of this stinking room into the TV room now."
He exhaled a breath hearing Sodom's familiar words sounding of hunger to his confusion as he wound up to find Gomorrah adjusting his brother's wheelchair and pushing the male out of the room. 
He heard as the door shut "Bah food slave stinks!"
Nikolai, grimaced hearing Nightwalker, gave up a loud roar in response to put on his clothes. He found himself pushed out via guard as Nightwalker stomped out of the bathroom. Nikolai found himself a reception of a feeding via Nightwalker to his disgust before he could be pushed entirely out of the bathroom. He found himself dreaming of himself marched to his office to sniff finding the area smelled of Annie's litter box aka Dumperium as he referred her bathroom as usual. He ignored the stink to find Achilles in his dream, next to him giving off his familiar Tsk sound.
Nikolai heard from Nightwalker, spoke in response "What?!"
He glared at Achilles who spoke "Office and Annie's bathroom needs to be cleaned Master. So see yourself elsewhere at the moment while the staff attends to the Dumperium as you call it."
He gave up a loud Hmph in response only to get from Achilles "Removal of Annie is required Master."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response as Nightwalker went into the office with him pushed to follow. He glared at Nightwalker who hunted around the office and found Annie seated on the chair that gave up a loud meow sounding annoyed to him. He grunted an annoyed sound as Nightwalker picked up Annie squirming and carried her out of the room him pushed to follow finding Achilles no where in sight. He sighed seeing Annie give Nightwalker scratches onto the King's arm and squirmed too much. Nikolai found Nightwalker once Annie's squirming got too much and placed the cat onto the floor to find her jumping onto his shoulder and giving a loud ear shattering meow. Nikolai grimaced from the yowl to groan and without a word found himself pushed behind Nightwalker who went to his personal elevator he finding Annie jumping off and darting out once he was inside. 
He glared at Nightwalker who spoke "Bed."
Nikolai found himself going into a dreaming status of himself standing in the elevator without any Bloody guards inside. He found in the dream, the elevator going down instead of going up to his annoyance. He grunted an annoyed sound to glare at the two guards in the elevator with him that remained standing with blank expressions on their faces ignoring him glaring at them. 
Nikolai heard snickering like laughter sounding within his mind he grunted out "Not another joke by you again?"
He got nothing in response to the laughter once it quit to find the elevator stopped at a floor he recognized belonged to the King's pool room which he walked out. He made a beeline to the pool to stand with arms folded waiting impatiently for the guards Bloodies to dump whoever they were going to dump via the gang plank above. He found his patience rewarded when a light was seen above followed by a loud splash into the pool. Nikolai kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he heard sputtering from a voice sounding familiar to him that reminded him of Helena to his annoyance. He found Helena coming out of the pool with clothes wet all over her form. 
He glared at Helena to speak "Guards habitually dump whoever irks them into my pool from time to time. Anyway what did you do this time to get them upset with you hmm?"
Nikolai kept the glare aimed at Helena who sputtered out in response "Nothing! I just ordered the guards to transport me to home! They dumped me here in response!"
He sighed recognizing that Helena had lied again kept his mouth into a thin line and folded his arms waiting for her to further speak. 
He didn't have to wait as Helena spoke again "You think its funny you stinking vampires?!"
Nikolai in response walked away while hearing Helena using Nightwalker's voice hearing the King ordering guards to transport Sodom and Gomorrah to a vehicle, he ignored. He walked out of the pool's room to his personal elevator to again give up the command for bed. Nikolai felt the elevator going up followed by stopping at his office's floor showing Sodom and Gomorrah in the hallway both having glares on their faces. He groaned from the wheelchair, seeing Sodom had a red eyed glare in control as Gomorrah was having a twin red eyed glare aimed at him. He found Nightwalker in view, walked out of the elevator and got Gomorrah walking up towards him to halt his wheelchair pushing followed by the male sniffing his shoulder. 
He spoke "Something you want to say?"
"Don't mind me, Daddy." He heard from Gomorrah who added "When's the last time this servant got laid hmm?"
Nikolai glared at Gomorrah in response to hear from Sodom "Food slave stinks like he need to mate from the smell of him."
He glared at Gomorrah in response who added after quitting the sniffing "Go get this food slave to get laid or we'll do it for him-"
He heard a roar sounding of Nightwalker's familiar voice interrupting Gomorrah's talk to find himself pushed back into the elevator again used as food via the King. He wound up to give up a loud Hmph in response and heard Nightwalker blast speaking his bed command. He felt the elevator going up in response but this time via his dizziness appeared to be going to the rooftop to the helipad to his confusion. He heard Nightwalker growled an annoyed sound to walk out of the elevator as he followed pushed via wheelchair, onto the helicopter pad to find Helena there wringing her waist length hair in a tail while appearing to be removing water out of it. 
Nikolai found himself pushed up towards Helena as Nightwalker remained standing away from her to find her halted her wringing to appear to sniff with her nose followed by her speaking "Why am I smelling your bonding scent from you, brother dear?"
He sighed once halted with his pushing to snarl "Nightwalker's sons pointed out that I need to get laid. I was on the way to my sleeping quarters but someone manipulated the elevator to reach the helipad deck. What are you doing here anyway? I thought-"
Helena interrupted "Just get yourself away from me now! Your smell is triggering my mating urges to take control!"
He ignored Helena in response as he heard from Nightwalker "Toss her off the deck onto the ground now!"
Nikolai stiffened hearing Helena's screaming of terror followed by silence as he found his pouch connection quit along with a familiar deadness feeling hitting him. He stiffened as Nightwalker went back into the elevator with him pushed to follow. Nikolai again gave his bed command only to find the elevator going down to the pool room's floor. He growled an annoyed sound to find himself pushed into the massage room as if ordered via the King to find one of the massagers was in the room alone that stripped off a bathrobe baring her body to him. Nikolai didn't say a word in response as the female once naked went up to him and proceeded to strip him of his pants which he ignored. He looked away once she got him naked and proceeded to straddle him. He sighed softly as she got himself inside her and was rocking him. Nikolai rolled his eyes in response from the rocking as he felt charges of pleasure coming from being inside the female. He sighed loudly once he spilled himself inside the female only to find her getting off of him in a fast move and darting away. He heard Nightwalker's familiar roar sounding louder and louder. Nikolai heard the roaring cut itself off as he heard giggling sounds sounding faint becoming louder and louder making him confused till he came to shaking his head of sleepiness while lying on the benched bed in the King's jail cell on his stomach. He sighed from the dream the King gave him from feeding off of him to sleep involving mating to him. Nikolai didn't say a word in response as the guards got him to sit up from his lying position. This was followed by two Sonyas entering the room one proceeded to strip herself of her nurse's clad uniform baring a naked body. He sighed as the female got herself straddling him and sighed again feeling himself entering her. Nikolai kept his mouth shut while sighing as he felt the female running herself up and down his sensitive part. He gave out a loud sigh once spilling himself inside her and didn't protest as she got off of him to put on her nurse's outfit again. Nikolai felt himself still itching to mate found the other female Sonya copying the first female and mating with him. He didn't say a word in response as the mating was done followed by handed clothes to put on after getting him to stand up. He obeyed to put on his animal skin clothes and got forced into the wheelchair as guards walked him out of the room to take a route to the King's familiar personal bathroom, to hear showering in use. He found himself daydreaming as he heard the familiar showering and moaning sounds coming from there as his head got covered by clothe. Nikolai sighed daydreaming to himself of walked to his personal elevator giving the familiar command of Home once inside with the Source he dubbed his own imagined red eyed ability in control. Nikolai felt himself yanked out after hearing a loud roar and then forced into a familiar elevator then felt the elevator go up followed by stopping at the King's office's floor via typing of computers heard. He was pushed out finding the mask yanked off his head and found Achilles, in view giving a guard a familiar red eyed look expecting orders from Nightwalker He ignored Achilles to hear the Bloody male giving off Tsk sounds behind him as he was pushed to the King's office. He on arrival found the door shut with red tape on it to glare at Achilles with annoyance running through him. 
Achilles heard blasting via red eyed look, spoke "Office is being cleaned of Annie's Dumperium and mess as you call it so put this food slave elsewhere."
He gave up a loud Hmph in response only to shut his eyes finding himself walking into the TV room to find the TV on blaring while seeing Victor, his Father aka Ancient One, seated in the couch wearing a long business jacket indicated of business wear to him instead of his familiar armored clothes to his annoyance. 
He spoke "So what's going on with you here and not in the jungles of Brazil?"
Nikolai got from Ancient One in response "Greetings Terrain, my son. Your Master King Nightwalker, as he refers himself left Brazil in a big mess of who to rule them at the moment. Their current ruler the President, has been declared dead in a car explosion in Brazil a trick for Nightwalker to take control actually."
He sighed from Ancient One's use of calling him his son and the name of Terrain a male version of the name of Terra according to his Father. 
Nikolai spoke "So what does that have to do with me-"
Ancient One interrupted "Actually Nightwalker had the President's family mostly his brother and sons declared dead in a helicopter crash. It's just an attempt for him to take the title of President while furthering the deity business of his. The restless natives didn't agree with the President on his dictatorship and he wound up having himself declared dead on Nightwalker's orders. Brazil is now in hissy fit on who to rule them while the United States of America with their attitude of conquering the rest of Columbia for their statehood, has been spouting garbage on takeover of Brazil as a state at the moment."
He spoke recalling Nightwalker's own wife Beatrice that was hidden from publicity "What about Nightwalker's Beatrice in-"
He was again interrupted "This Beatrice in question aka Nightwalker's wife has refused to let her husband to take the rulership of Brazil. Brazil is throwing a hissy fit in response to that attitude the United States and their attempt to annex them as a state is displaying at the moment."
Nikolai spoke again "Then simply have Nightwalker take the presidency title via force or without his wife's consent."
He got Ancient One giving him an all blue eyed glare making him nervous as always despite he the son of him. 
Nikolai got from Ancient One in response "Too late Nightwalker has already been declared dead among the Brazilians in some resurrection method and conceived without sin joke. The Brazilians aren't buying this joke and won't take Nightwalker back as their alive deity lord enough to give him the Presidency title. The Brazilians frown on taking back people who have been declared dead and resurrected. They find it rude and inappropriate the restless natives' words actually."
Nikolai exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "You want me to take the Presidency title-"
"Absolutely not!" He got interrupted by Ancient One who added "You will not do that!"
Nikolai glared at Ancient One in response as the male added "The Ancient Ones, and my Mother made it clear that the Lower Ones and their safety from the Bloodies comes first, then ruling some pathetic country at the moment."
Nikolai spoke in response "Then why are you telling me this useless information?"
Ancient One, he saw gave him a narrowed eyed glare making him nervous unexpectedly as his Father spoke "What the Ancient Ones says you should know you'll be told of it. Don't question me again my son. And do something about the trashy junk on your TV. Excuse me while I see myself out."
He found Ancient One standing up and disappearing in a light show making him groan softly. Nikolai kneeled and rubbed hands onto the top of his head and ran hands through his hair as he blinked his eyes to focus onto the King's residence TV while still contained in his familiar wheelchair. Nikolai to his disgust found Nightwalker thrusting a fist into his front as if the King was upset about something. He heard squeaking sounds of Sodom's wheelchair from the hallway found Nightwalker forced himself to sit up from slouching as the King stood up appearing to be willing himself to be calm. 
He mentally spoke to himself "Not in front of the King's sons who'll bite and play games with me sexually."
Nikolai, glared at Nightwalker who went to the TV's remote and clicked it off only to hear "Hey! I was watching that!"
He sighed hearing Sodom and Gomorrah's voices sounding in unison to find Nightwalker carrying the remote to Sodom himself and dropped it into his lap. 
He ignored Sodom giving him a hungry glare look that made him nervous as Nightwalker walked out of the room with him pushed to follow. 
He heard from Nightwalker as his wheelchair squeaked "I might as well go take a nap."
Nikolai found himself and Nightwalker entered the elevator and heard the King spoke "Bed."
He found the elevator going up then stopped with a fast jerk. He sighed as the elevator doors opened to show the King's private sanctuary bedroom having a hallway leading to a door to that room. He remained in the elevator as ignored by Nightwalker as the King went to the door and waved a hand using mental abilities and found the door opening followed by a blur of black along with cat paws felt onto his shoulder and an ear splitting yowl. Nikolai sighed feeling Annie on his shoulder which Nightwalker ignored him, walked into his bedroom shutting the door with a gentle slam sound. He ignored the cat sitting on his shoulder to shut his eyes figuring to himself he'll get some sleep. He wound up to daydream of his own bedroom. Nikolai in his mind, eyed his bedroom that appeared to look like a cave complete with walls dirt to him. He went to the mattress holding his pillows and blankets and removed Annie off of him. Nikolai laid himself down onto the bed and shut his eyes hearing water sounds of Brazil's water falls falling in a soft soothing tone lulling him to sleep and pass out unconscious as he fell unconscious while still chained to the wheelchair in the elevator.

Nikolai dreamed of being in the TV room watching Sodom sagged in the wheelchair asleep with the volume to the TV on loud. 
He grimaced from the loud tone to find the TV shut itself off followed by Sodom waking up snarling "I need that on to sleep!"
He found Gomorrah in the room holding onto the remote control he sighed recalling the familiar argument both males complained to him about Nightwalker ignoring them and not around to hear them wanting their lives better. He groaned as both proceeded to get into an argument on the TV's volume followed by Gomorrah walking out of the room slamming the door remote seen in hand. Nikolai found Sodom managed to get up from the wheelchair and was walking towards to the door and yanking it open to find Gomorrah with a red eyed glare, behind it thrusting the remote control onto the male who caught it. He sighed seeing Gomorrah had a glare on his face he recognizing the look was of accusation as Sodom in response walked himself back to the wheelchair in front of the TV and turned it on back to its ear splitting tone. 
Nikolai eyed Gomorrah in response who walked out of the room slamming the door he hearing from the male "Sodom, a creepy guy."
Nikolai found the scene going black in response to dream his familiar dream of mating with a familiar female he recognized as Louisa a female he admired to mate with. 
He smiled in his sleep as Louisa as he called her proceeded to mouth his sensitive part in his dream only to hear "Ew! That's disgusting! Can't you think of something else?!"
Nikolai tore himself away from his dream to found himself on a beach facing two figures wearing robes of white while standing in water with humanoid like faces and Nightwalker's red like eyes. He glared at the two figures he recognized as the Sages to find Yana was the speaker that spoke the comment.
He spoke "Something you want with me since you interrupted something important here?"
Nikolai glared in response to get from Yana "I don't see how you males can stand that disgusting thing happening by females. Yuck. Can't you think of something else than that jokey scene?"
He spoke sensing his Source abilities was in control for this dream "Just get to the point and let me dream my disgusting thing as you call it."
He glared at Yana who spoke "We're not responsible for calling you here. Just face the All Seeing One."
Nikolai sighed hearing Yana's term for Ancient of the Ancients as oldest living Ancients dubbed All Seeing One for his all seeing powers to turn to his left to find the Ancient standing with arms folded a cloud eyed look with a glare seen. 
He gulped as All Seeing One spoke "My son, your mind is really dirty, Terrain."
Nikolai again gulped hearing All Seeing One's comment sounding like the Ancient One had disapproval in the voice tone as the Ancient added "Anyway that's not why I called you here to talk on dirtiness of people's minds as whined by the Sages seeing from you and whoever living with you at the moment."
Nikolai frowned but didn't say a word in response as he figured that All Seeing One would get to the point followed by Ancient One speaking "So talk to me what did your Father want now? I sensed him speaking to you again in my residence."
Nikolai sighed hearing Nightwalker's familiar voice sounding from All Seeing One spoke "I saw the male was busy in the middle of being received by a female in a sexual way."
He found Nightwalker's voice sounding from All Seeing One who added "And what else you're not admitting hmm?"
He spoke firmly "I had a dream of Gomorrah and Sodom getting into a hissy fit on how loud the TV was again. Sodom appeared to be able to walk without help of his wheelchair something Gomorrah pointed out to him and is throwing a hissy fit about the invalid status joke."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut in response as All Seeing One shifted into Nightwalker to his annoyance that spoke "Hissy fit? What hissy fit?"
Nikolai spoke in response "Hmph. You're in denial that your son is playing the poor pity me card onto you again. Next time you wake up I insist you kick Sodom out of the residence with Gomorrah to someplace like the military-"
He was interrupted "Please not that!"
Nikolai frowned hearing the voice sounding of Sodom as he saw Nightwalker held up a hand he found himself choking to speak finding the King speaking "You will do what I say regarding me and my orders and my sons' hissy fits of inappropriate mating behavior tried onto you to your disgust will stop."
He spoke firmly once freed from the throat felt gagging him "Just dump Sodom and Gomorrah onto the military-"
Nikolai felt himself choked interrupting him as he heard from Nightwalker "Now you won't protest to me having you as a food slave or I'll sicken the Bloodies onto your people to feed their blood lust killing many lives."
He gulped gasping for air to find himself able to breathe to speak firmly while eyeing Nightwalker in the red eyes the King standing over him in the wheelchair "I agree to what you said regarding me as a food slave."
Nikolai felt himself upset as Nightwalker in response forced his eyes shut which he again continued to dream of Louisa mouthing him all over not sparing his sensitive part while hearing repeated "Ew! That's disgusting!"
He sighed from the comments from Yana speaking from his dream of Louisa to focus his mind onto something else only to hear a familiar alarm clock blaring loudly along with a cat's yowling in his ear. He groaned forcing his eyes to open to find the alarm clock's time was indicating a morning hour two hours early than his normal wake up time of eight o'clock in the morning. Nikolai groaned shaking sleep from his head to feel the King's cat pouncing onto his front he figured was from the guards letting the cat into the jail cell and playing chase the laser, settling off laser lights to cause Annie to pounce all over him. He got up in a fast move and found the laser lights continued all over the bed as Annie pounced. He sighed and ignored Annie's pouncing to go into his familiar wheelchair and didn't comment as the guards pushed him into the elevator to take to the King's familiar bathroom. Nikolai sighed feeling the cold air into the bathroom despite the jail cell set on a high heat temps to make it appear to be in a summer room. He groaned finding himself a reception of a scrubbing by Nightwalker who hungrily touched his sensitive part. Nikolai sighed once the King was done scrubbing him\ to get pushed out. He left the bathroom to find the guards was still having Annie continue her pouncing game the cat indicating she didn't want to quit. He ignored Annie to get pushed to the hallway leading to the door leading to the elevator. He used the Source abilities to open the door via voice abilities and heard guards shut it closed behind him only to find the elevator's doors were shut.
"Elevator in motion." He heard from a guard when he tried to open the doors using mental abilities for Nightwalker. 
Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound to sit waiting impatiently for the elevator to arrive. He found the elevator didn't take too long instead arrived to him with Sodom inside giving him an all red eyed glare. Nikolai shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep after Nightwalker walked inside. He found himself seeing via Nightwalker's eyes onto Sodom with narrowing seen. Sodom, he saw, was still seated in his wheelchair looking angry to him. 
He ignored Sodom and heard Nightwalker spoke "Lobby."
Nikolai found the elevator going down without a word from Sodom. He walked out of the elevator once it reached the lobby to find Sodom wheeling himself out behind him he noticing his son had willed aside the red eyed look. Nikolai willed aside the Source to get outside, via eternal darkness status of green eyesight of night vision to find the familiar limo van sitting there waiting for the both of them to enter. He found Gomorrah inside seated in a chair and looking annoyed to see Sodom who gave the male a glare as he got inside. 
Nikolai spoke as if compelled "I'm having the both of you thrown into one of the Brazilian army's naval warships-"
He was interrupted "Daddy don't you dare do that to me!"
He willed forwards the Source to glare at Sodom in response hearing silence from Gomorrah as he added while hearing his recorder blackout device beep "You're both causing me too much trouble with your fighting and arguments over the simplest thing. You're both going into the military who will discipline you. I already know how well able bodied you are Sodom so drop joke of you being an invalid when your not."
Nikolai glared at Sodom with a narrowed eyed glare to find his son snarling "Gomorrah, you blabbed didn't you-"
He interrupted "Not Gomorrah. I have ways of seeing what I need to see regarding the both of you. I know that you're not as invalid as you claim to be Sodom. Gomorrah didn't say anything at all, out of love towards you, Sodom."
Nikolai willed aside the Source and found Sodom not saying a word in response as the limo arrived to a familiar warship he saw belonged to the United States and not to Brazil to his annoyance. He found the limo's doors opening followed by army men in combat fatigues hauling out Sodom, walking, minus wheelchair sputtering out gibberish he heard was growling. He heard nothing from Gomorrah in response as the male was hauled out of the limo. He peered out the window finding the army men shut the limo doors and hauled both males up the gangplank in a fast move. 
Nikolai heard in response "Where to Master?"
He heard Nightwalker hiss out a sigh and recalled the King's office building for his blood bank company Bloody Red as named that to speak "Bloody Red office now and make it snappy."
Nikolai heard in response from the driver "Affirmative Master."
He sighed and peered out the window as the limo drove through the city showing it was night and lighted up by lights with little traffic to stop in a parking lot showing another limo parked there appearing to be a long length sedan. Groaning he heard from Nightwalker as the King, got out of the limo van and entered the sedan to find Ancient One inside still clad in his familiar armor but this time thrust him a bottle of alcohol he saw. He figured he was dreaming and not imaging scenes via Nightwalker's eyes. 
He spoke "No thanks I'm trying not to drink, Father."
Nikolai got Ancient One in response tossing aside the bottle of alcohol to hear it shatter against the window leaving a brown smear. 
He sighed and got from Ancient One in response "Trying not to drink? Would that have something to do with trying to please your Master Nightwalker as he calls himself, the greatest King of everything and his craziness?"
Nikolai spoke in response "Crazy or not he's still my master. I have no choice but to obey him or else."
He found a bottle's lip brought to his lips that tasted of milk to him only to get Ancient One slamming a hand over it halting his process and giving him Nightwalker's familiar red eyed glare in response.
Nikolai spoke "Alright! Helena wanted the pouch connection restored! It drove her crazy not having it within her hence she acting like a lunatic as you seemed to know she's doing towards you Bloodies! No wonder you had her thrown off a building to her death from her lunacy behavior!"
He glared at Nightwalker while shaking the dream from his eyes who removed his hand and spoke "Drink up, Nicky."
Nikolai ignored Nightwalker's use of his hated nickname of Nicky instead gulped down the drink of milk he thrust to hold and once done gave the guard the bottle. He found Ancient One in his mind disappearing in a light show to groan while leaning back rubbing a hand over his forehead. Nikolai wound up to dream of himself in a vehicle driving by someone else, only to find the limo stopping with a jerk along with a sound of metal crunching in front of him. Nikolai jerked away to find the limo in front of him had an indentation of a car plowing into it found the car doors refused to give or open to his pounding onto it. He recalled the mental abilities willed it in control and got a door open away from the car's indentation to find the driver meeting him outside that grabbed his arm and got him away from the limo in a fast speed move. Nikolai peered at the limo behind them to see eater fire spurting from the roof while on a road with jungles on both sides, only to get thrust onto the ground with pressure of branches and leaves and fruit felt falling on top as there was an explosion sounding loudly in a loud roaring noise. Nikolai willed aside the mental ability once the jungle's mess was removed off of him followed by the driver getting him into an ambulance holding females. 
He finding the paramedics were appearing to be Sonyas from the looks of them as one was seen thrusting a mask of oxygen onto him and speaking "Nighty night."
He found himself unable to resist to the oxygen's mask sleepy drug to pass out unconscious.

Nikolai came to hearing voices yelling "Wake up you buffoon!"
He grunted from the familiar object of the whip hitting his back as the voices concentrated into one voice a male yelling his comment repeated. He jerked open his eyes finding himself clad only in animal skin pants and wearing ropes holding his arms high above him while smelling sea salt air of the ocean. He found himself in the belly of a boat that stank of fish to him and appeared to be made out of wood to him. He glared at the voice's owner a male with pointed ears and a Human like face that had eyes that were all black and not kind to him, wearing faded white and red clothing on his form that appeared to be of tight pants and a loose white top. 
He kept the glare as the male he recognized as an elf held up a hand and spoke "Halt the whipping now! This savage is awake from the whipping!"
Nikolai glared at the elf with annoyance running through him as the male spoke "So tell me savage if you can get it me words on what you were doing in the giver hmm?"
He recalled the giver was elf's slang talk for ocean to give up a spit sound in response only to grunt from the whip hitting his back again. 
Nikolai glared at the elf who spoke "Aw this savage is nothing but a mute! Just dump him into the giver and have the sea take him to death anyway!"
He kept the glare as the elf added speaking gibberish he not getting it what language was said as his arms were freed from the ropes. He found two additional elves wearing twin clothing, coming into view that grabbed his arms he struggling in their grips meeting failure of freedom. Nikolai found himself led out of the elves' ship's belly hold onto the wooden deck with other elves there then tossed overboard. He found himself floundering in the water till a familiar animal he recognized as Ryder Hawk came and landed onto his shoulders. Nikolai grabbed the Ryder Hawk's legs and found himself airborne with the animal flying him in the air towards land he recognized as Attalla's forest jungle from the mess of it. Nikolai didn't say a word as the Ryder Hawk flew him over a vast amount of Attalla's land to let go of him once a pond appeared into sight which he obeyed to drop into the water. He came to from the wetness of the water to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek shocking him. Nikolai jerked open his eyes from the memory fully in his mind of being dumped into a pool of water that transported him to Terra via sucking method. He felt annoyance take hold recalling the transportation happened after living off the ocean via wooden boat that shattered in a storm. He sighed as he recalled picked up by the elves in their wooden boat who had him whipped then tossed him overboard. Nikolai focused onto the hand's owner to find it belonged to a female Sonya with hands felt gloved. 
He shook his head of the dream to frown while eyeing the female who removed her hand and got her speaking "Idiotic fools for giving you that sleeping drug. It put you out for the whole day. Nevertheless it made it easy for the doctor to have you scanned for anything regarding that idiot driving his car into your limo."
Nikolai groaned softly hearing the nurse's words as she straightened up her form and held up her hands in a peace sign of four fingers with two separated and got "So make your hand twin to mine now."
He obeyed to get from the nurse giving off a loud Hmph sound followed by her shining lights into his eyes he grimaced from the glaring brightness he recalled his mental ability dubbed Knightman by the Bloodies at his capture, was in control to his shock. He willed aside the Knightman as he figured he'll refer it instead of Source, to get the nurse making another finger gesture and ordering him to copy. Nikolai obeyed to get nothing from the nurse in response but her shining lights into his eyes he flinched from the glare. 
"Well your fine medically with your eyes." He got from the nurse who added "Unfortunately the doctor insisted on keeping you overnight in case of anything else he didn't find via tests done onto you."
Nikolai groaned softly as the nurse looked away and heard from her "Your husband will be alright madam."
He heard a shriek in a feminine voice tone to feel a female body get onto his lap and felt lips kissing him that felt like they were forced to kiss him via lips from the feel of them. Nikolai grunted in response to break off the kissing to find the female was another Sonya look alike but this time had a blue eyed look and a rail thin body to his confusion. He felt confused to why the female was declaring him her husband when he knew he wasn't married. 
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the female got off of him and spoke "Thank you very much nursey. I have business to do with my husband so give us a moment alone now."
He found the nurse walking out of the room to find the door shutting followed by a male with suit and tie entering the room from the bathroom doorway and slamming it shut he recognized from memory was Achilles.
He frowned while eyeing Achilles warily to find the female speaking "Ugh!"
Nikolai didn't comment a response as the female got herself off of him to enter the bathroom shutting the door followed by Achilles sitting next to his bed and thrusting a laptop computer onto his lap. 
He frowned as Achilles pressed buttons onto the laptop till scene of colors of the rainbow flashed and he heard "Greetings Terrain Cliff as you call yourself, so we meet."
Nikolai exhaled a breath recognizing the familiar voice of Nightwalker coming from the thing via memory, as the voice continued "Excuse the deception of having an actress paid to act like your wife. It was just an excuse to get you alone without any recording detected for talking to you in question."
He sighed but didn't comment a response as the voice of the Nightwalker flashed an image of a male that looked familiar to him who made him think it was Gomorrah as Damian Cliff being hauled onto a navy warship belonging to the United States via some handcuffed method and appearing to look unconscious. 
Nikolai frowned as Nightwalker spoke "Talk on who's this male is actually. He came from your limo taken out before it exploded in an eater fire on my orders to have you declared dead."
He spoke firmly "He's Damian Cliff-"
Nikolai got interrupted by hearing a beep noise coming from the male to hear from the Nightwalker in response "You're lying."
He sighed and spoke firmly "He's the heir to the throne of the Canadian territory of Canada the United States annexed. He's Henry Victor as he's called."
He heard nothing from Nightwalker indicating on beeping sounds continued speaking from memory "Your predecessor saw Victor as he's referred now as his own missing son and ordered him kept alive despite Henry nearly dying from a helicopter explosion reportedly used to take him out. Victor was kept alive as in dumped into the ocean while the helicopter wound up exploding without him over some street for you posing as the King of Brazil to declare him dead. Your Sonyas' I refer as bitches incarnate was up to their Goddess deity tricks again in Brazil involving you becoming King or God of Brazil. Anyway Victor's dumping into the ocean landed him into deadly water that sucked his skin off his body and destroyed his eyes to appear to look entirely black looking. It took awhile before a specialized warship could be made to destroy the water's deathly status and get dolphins trained to retrieve Victor out of the ocean. I warn you that it took a lunar cycle to do this stunt. Victor wound up tossed into a specialized tank for creating his skin back onto him. His eyes didn't get fixed up at all despite he kept into the tank for healing-"
Nikolai got interrupted "What does David your adoptive son have to do with Damian's healing hmm?"
He spoke firmly "David suffered an injury to his head that made him appear to be mind dead from having a horseback ride through the jungles of Brazil. His horse got scared of a Bloody hiding underground acting like an animal and threw him off when confronted. He was declared brain dead so I had Victor's mind organ transplanted into David's body to keep up the deception of him alive to the public on Brazil, while his mind organ was fixed up to try to restart function again to it. Function was restored so I had the transplant and transporting done again leaving Victor back into his own body to heal himself up-"
He again got interrupted "Where is Damian now?"
He spoke "He's been assigned to a United States' warship for disciplinary actions with David who resumed function within his body but wound but having a relationship with Damian himself. The both of them were seen publicity having mating behaviors with each other in public who frowned on that behavior of mating very strongly. It doesn't matter if your male or female or whatever gender you are having a relationship with as long as couples refrain from their mating behavior in public."
Nikolai frowned as Nightwalker's voice was heard "Anyway you confirmed what's going on with this Damian seen from your limo to this warship in question. Turn off this communications."
He found Achilles turning off the laptop and entering the bathroom followed by the familiar female walking out in a bad mood and shouting loudly while opening the door to his room "So I'm nothing but eye candy for you to flaunt to the public?!"
Nikolai recognized the familiar argument he had with females he tried to charm into mating and marriage balking on accepting his marriage proposals instead used the familiar eye candy excuse into his face. He laid down in the bed in response and turned his back to the female to hear nothing from her but a door slamming sound. Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line he feeling himself sleepy shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Nikolai grunted from blows hitting his face shaking him awake as he felt fisting belonging to Nightwalker's hands. He jerked open his eyes finding himself held up by a pair of guards wearing black armored clothes on their forms as Nightwalker kept on punching him. 
He glared with annoyance running through him at Nightwalker spoke blasting in his mind "Well the food slave is awake."
Nikolai found his arms freed as he found himself able to stand despite the punching to find the guards thrusting long gun weapons with knives at the ends aimed at him. He raised his hands in a surrender gesture while glaring at Nightwalker who was minus a weapon. 
He glared as Nightwalker spoke "So explain where you come from dumped by a large bird animal dubbed Trini unsure of the name. It resisted our attempts to be shot down in question but dropped you into our presence."
Nikolai opened his mouth to speak only to feel a choking sensation within his throat to clamped his mouth shut. He looked around finding himself in a campsite for Nightwalker's guard army dubbed Redcoats gathered nearby while spotting a prisoner tied to a tree holding a freed hand in his direction he spotted had Nightwalker's familiar eyed look. 
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line and refused to speak as he continued to be gagged by the prisoner mentally thought with his Knightman abilities "Shield."
He found the shield command refused to work as he continued to be choked grunted as he again got punched into the face by Nightwalker he saw was clad in clothes twin to Achilles' suit. 
He heard from Nightwalker in response "Another stinking mute! Just lock him up to the tree with the other mute now!"
Nikolai found himself able to breathe found himself thrust into forwards position which he obeyed to get towards the familiar prisoner to get thrust onto the tree next to the male who kept giving him a glare in response. He found the male was Human and appeared to be Achilles from the looks of him despite he clad in animal skin pants and had short black hair that kept on glaring at him from his tied up position. Nikolai heard the familiar roaring within the back of his mind willed forwards the Knightman to get Achilles looking away which he obeyed to will his mental ability away. Nikolai heard nothing from Achilles in response to him locked up next to the male instead felt sleepiness shut his eyes to come to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek in a gentle move. He sighed from the patting to jerk open his eyes to find himself lying in his familiar jail bench's bed and patted awake by the guard who thrust him a bottle of milk he saw. 
Nikolai glared at the guard who spoke within his mind "Here drink this. The doctor says your time here requires you to drink this. Nightwalker is thinking of freeing you if you behave. So cooperate you hear."
He obeyed to get up from the bed finding the guard kept standing there giving him a glare. He sighed and forced himself to drink the drink of milk. He found a guard thrust him clothes he found was of warm weather look of tight pants, a tight t-shirt and business suit jacket all in black. Nikolai found there was no underwear included to his relief as he put on the clothes and socks then put on the sneakers and got ordered to follow by the guard. He obeyed walking out of the jail cell taking a route to outside into the sunlight blaring outside to his shock finding the guards were still acting like escorts to hold the crowd of people appearing to be presses away from him as he was escorted to a sedan with black tinted windows. 
Nikolai heard questions "Are you the one who assassinated Nightwalker? Are you the one who got the Bloodies King to release his hold over Rio Pluto?"
He ignored the questions to get into the sedan to find the guards shutting the door and herding the crowd away from his vehicle that drove away from the King's residence entrance. Nikolai sensed the Knightman itching to take control allowed it through despite no device detected onto him indicating on cancelling out his speaking. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as the Knightman was willed aside. He peered out the window finding the driver was driving to a building he saw to his relief. He felt relieved when the sedan arrived to his familiar building to park at the curb followed by Nightwalker's familiar covered up guards coming out to yank open the car door and escorted him inside to the familiar elevators. Nikolai didn't comment a response as the guards faded from view once in the elevator with him. 
He willed forwards the Knightman sensing himself needing to take in nourishment spoke "Home."
Nikolai felt the elevator going up seemingly lengthy followed by the doors opening showing his familiar hallway to his bedroom to his annoyance. He glared at the guards in response to hear nothing from them but blanked walled silence. Nikolai found the elevator refused to budge from his orders of Home. He walked out of the elevator only to find the doors shutting with a bang sound. 
Nikolai glared at the camera dome above the elevators to hear "Go back to sleep! It's not time for you to wake up!"
He kept the glare despite hearing his computer's familiar feminine voice and comments for him to go take a nap. He gave up a loud Hmph sound in response to go to his bedroom door only to hear electrical humming sounds from it. Nikolai groaned and stripped himself of every article of clothing and shoes which he tossed into the elevator once the doors were open and naked. He found the guards doing widen eyed looks seeing his naked form which he ignored to recall it had scars all over it from the King's punishments and went to the bedroom door hearing the elevator doors shut behind him. He grunted an annoyed sound and without a word went inside his bedroom stomping to his wardrobe room only to hear a throat clearing noise coming from his sitting room halting his walking. 
Nikolai peered into his sitting room to find Ancient One inside sitting in his chair with arms folded wearing his familiar armored clothes with helmet on the table that spoke "Took you long enough to get into here my brother dear."
He sighed hearing Ancient One's comment was indicating he wasn't his Father Victor himself but another twin lookalike Ancient One that saw him as a brother. He sighed sensing the Ancient Ones were upset again and wanted to vent the All Seeing One's orders onto him. 
Nikolai spoke in response once entering the sitting room he noticing the Ancient One ignored his naked status "Excuse me I need to be properly attired-"
He was interrupted "Attired?! It doesn't matter what clothes you wear in front of me! You should hear what hair brained idea our All Seeing One has me do this time!"
Nikolai folded his arms hearing the Ancient One's comment he figured to himself "He's not in the mood to listen. He just wants to vent."
He kept the glare aimed at the Ancient One without a word to find the male added "Our Father the All Seeing One has ordered me to go to Brazil's city of Rio Pluto and take the throne as King as a favor to the Nightwalker for letting him leave his Fatherland to Summerland. I don't want to do that."
Nikolai groaned softly but didn't say a word in response as the Ancient One whined "I don't want to leave Canada where I'm appreciated."
Nikolai heard the Ancient One continued to whine complaints of not wanting to do the order till he got an enough willed forwards the Knightman and made held up a hand mentally speaking "Choke."
He found the Ancient One's talk cut off by Ancient One giving him a double take look and a glare while noticing his naked status.
Nikolai spoke in response "Quit your whining and just do what Father orders you. You gave up resistance to being a deity lord of the natives at first. Now your doing that behavior again despite Nightwalker called to the Summerland."
He cut the choking onto the Ancient One who spoke while having his all blue eyed look in control "I wasn't talking about myself being king of Rio Pluto. I was talking about you being ordered to that position actually."
Nikolai found his lying sense didn't go off to his annoyance he recalled to himself "Ancient Ones has some ability to block my lie detecting ability from going off within me."
He glared at Ancient One in response and spoke "Then let me get some clothes to put on."
He got from Ancient One in response "Certainly."
Nikolai heard an edge in Ancient One's voice tone to find himself floating in the air to land into something that felt like water all over with a splash. He grunted from the water a pool that wasn't that deep to him as he hit the bottom appearing to be made out of stone. He swam up to the surface and heard applause sounds making him annoyed to hear. Nikolai found a crowd of Brazilian natives gathered around the pond he saw was actually a large fountain as he got himself out of it while naked finding males handing him clothes to wear which were jackets from their forms. He grunted from the cold and didn't protest as Nightwalker's familiar covered up guards appeared out of nowhere and got him escorted into a limo to find himself facing a male wearing a uniform that was scrutinizing him. Nikolai sensed Knightman in control willed it aside to lean back with arms folded he feeling himself annoyed with the Ancient One's stunt on having him being King of Rio Pluto. He kept the glare onto the uniformed male while clearing his throat. 
The male spoke "The name is James and that's all you'll know of my name period."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response as the male added "You got a name you're referring yourself hmm?"
He opened his mouth and blurt to his shock "Henry."
Nikolai felt himself annoyed with what name he blurt as he eyed James he figured he'll refer him who spoke "That name won't do anyway. I figured I'll call you Nightwalker, King of Rio Pluto, now dubbed Elizabethan Town."
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line he finding himself not protesting to James's comment despite disgusted. Nikolai didn't say a word as James handed him some clothes via bag and got ordered to put them on. 
He obeyed finding it was twin to the Ancient One's business wear clothes to his annoyance and not the armored clothes as he figured to himself "Ancient One, you couldn't do this stunt of being dumped into the pond by yourself? Instead you had me do that for you? Hmph."
Nikolai heard nothing in answer to his thinking despite the Sages not felt scanning his mind. He kept his mouth into a thin line to find a male appearing into the limo with a light show he glared at with accusation in his eyes he finding was the Ancient One wearing twin clothes as he was. 
He kept the glare as Ancient One spoke "Anything else I should know of James?"
Nikolai kept on glaring at Ancient One who ignored his glare to focused onto James who gave up an ahem sound loudly. He looked away to glare at James who jabbed a finger at his eyes and jabbed the finger aimed at him. He recalled Ancient One having the all blue eyed look in control obeyed to have it in control. Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as Ancient One manipulated him to turn his back which he felt his hair braided into a braid despite its wetness felt. He ignored the braiding and then got thrust to face James. He kept his mouth shut as Ancient One calling himself Henry without a word disappeared into a light show which he looked out the window finding the limo traveling through Rio Pluto illuminated via sunlight and not the darkness shield he shocked to see. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line while keeping his arms folded as he heard from James "I'm instructed to instruct you on what to do once arriving to Crystal Cathedral for the crowning ceremony for our majesty Henry to take the throne. You're his stunt double anyway."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response focused onto James who proceeded to instruct him on getting out of the limo and ignore the crowd gathered there and go straight into the church. He found the limo's ride not lengthy to find Nightwalker's familiar guards gathered outside the church about eight of them who got him out of the vehicle. He sensed himself filmed from the feeling of cameras and crowd's cheering noises sounding behind him. Nikolai didn't say a word as the disciples got him inside the church in a fast move despite he feeling pain hitting his back that suspiciously felt like a bullet lodging into it. He ignored the pain to get inside the church to collapsed onto the floor once the doors were shut to grunt feeling a foot kicking him onto his side. Nikolai kept feeling the footing kept on kicking him awake. He grunted an annoyed sound feeling the foot connect with his stomach to wake up with a glare at the familiar Bloody he recognized was Nightwalker, kicking him awake. 
He glared at Nightwalker in response with the Knightman in control to find the male thrusting him a bowl smelling of food to him and speaking "Just take it in now."
Nikolai obeyed to take the bowl and gulped down the soup he felt was watery and appeared to be made out of fruit's juices which he once done resumed his lying position onto the ground and shut his eyes. He again got a familiar foot kicking his stomach in response as he felt pain in his back that felt like a bullet had hit the area from the feel. Nikolai grunted in response to feel the kicking stop as he laid on the church's floor from the feel of the metallic floor to find Helena in view yelling at him words garbled he not understanding what she was saying. Nikolai kept on staring at Helena with confusion running through him as the bullet in his back wormed its way out of him he arching his back underneath her hands' holds with her kneeling next to him. He kept up the back arching as the bullet traveled out of his back and landed onto the floor with a loud clink noise. Nikolai found Helena quit the talking to hug him in a tight bear hug he grunted from the hold. He sighed from Helena's hug as he peered over her shoulder to see Henry filmed being crowned king of Rio Pluto via TV monitor in view blocking the way of the crowning. He didn't say a word as Helena kept the hugging seemingly lengthy he hearing her sniffing loudly as he continued to watch the TV monitor showing Henry turning around and swearing himself as King of Rio Pluto and the Bloodies' species using the name of Nightwalker. He found the TV monitor going black as he found Henry walking into view after a lengthy pause. Nikolai gave Henry a glare in response to find the Ancient One forming a nervous expression with his eyes but didn't show it on his face. 
He found Helena getting him to stand followed by she speaking "Just get yourself to the car immediately! Brother don't stop for anything not even a wave you hear me?! Just go straight to the car!"
He gave a head bob as the guards got him outside of the church he hearing crowd cheering sounds only to grunt feeling pain of a bullet hitting his front. He ignored the bullet and forced himself to keep on walking towards the limo which he got inside in a fast move and laid down on the floor of the vehicle. Nikolai wound up groaning from the bullet felt worming itself out of his body via the front rib cage bone area and then fell onto the floor without a sound. 
He straightened up his form finding James in the limo giving him a glare and the male speaking "I don't want to know where Nightwalker the current one, found you in question."
He kept his mouth shut in response sat in a seat opposite from James to find the vehicle going to the King's residence which he found Henry appearing in a light show next to him in the vehicle. 
He gave Henry a glare and thumped a fist onto the Ancient One's front while speaking "I wound up tagged in the front."
Nikolai got nothing in response from Henry who gave him a head bob as he found himself transported out of the vehicle into his familiar sitting room to recall the clothes he was wearing. 
He yanked them off and gave them a through scrutiny only to hear "No signal detected."
Nikolai sighed hearing the computerized feminine voice speaking took the clothes into his wardrobe along with the shoes and then left the room going into his bedroom to lie down on the bed he feeling himself exhausted. He shut his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. Nikolai jerked open his eyes to find himself lying on the ground facing Nightwalker while it was dark of moonlight shining overhead. 
He kept the glare as the Bloody appearing to look twin to Achilles in a soft tone spoke "Come on while I show you where you're to go."
Nikolai obeyed to follow the Bloody out of the campground quietly to meet Achilles' twin on the way who threw a fist into the male's face knocking the male out unconscious. 
He didn't comment a response as the fisting male spoke "Sorry for doing it. I can't let them kill you for giving us mercy."
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as Achilles he figured was him wound up grabbed a hold of his arm and quietly led the way into the forest jungle with the steamy heat felt while seeing everything in color green indicating his night vision. He found the scene changing to show the familiar Sages standing on water giving him scrutiny looks. Nikolai shook his head of the memory dream to find the All Seeing One, Ancient One standing next to him that rubbed hands over his front and did the same with not sparing his sensitive part to his annoyance. 
He glared at the All Seeing One to speak "I'm fine for now. So quit pawing me."
Nikolai got from All Seeing One speaking in response "Pawing as you call it my son? No comments to your well fair hmm?"
He spoke "Well what are you worried about? I survived worse than that-"
He cut himself off when All Seeing One quit the pawing he felt was healing him to give him a narrowed eyed glare he clamped his mouth shut.
All Seeing One spoke "Survive worse than that? Care to explain what it is that you survived that was worse than a simple piece of metal entering your body hmm?"
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line to find All Seeing One kept giving him the glare which he spoke "Alright I lied. Whose idea was it for me to sub for one of the Ancients in question?"
He heard snickering from the Sages to get from the All Seeing One "It was my idea for the Ancients as you call him to be protected by you subbing for him when he's a brother of your Father."
Nikolai groaned softly only to get All Seeing One folding his arms and giving him an all cloud eyed glare making him nervous.
He spoke in response "Alright! Those Ancients haven't lived long enough to have what makes me, me!"
He clamped his mouth shut to get from All Seeing One "About time you started to think my son."
He frowned as All Seeing One forced his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious to come to feeling paws of a cat pouncing all over his front. He grunted from Annie's pouncing onto the red laser light from the guards' trying to wake him up as he heard the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises he hearing it as a heavy waterfall. Nikolai grunted in response and got up ignoring Annie still pouncing all over his bedded bench to resume sitting into the wheelchair. He wound up pushed to the King's public bathroom while finding the King was inside his bathroom showering. He sighed once Nightwalker was done with the showering to give the male a glare as he walked out to dry himself. He figured that Annie had snuck inside via cat door passage in the wall from the King's residence. He didn't comment a response as he was pushed out of the room ignored by Nightwalker to find Annie sleeping on the pillow that ignored him looking as the King went to put on his familiar clothes. Nikolai found himself freed from the wheelchair as Nightwalker gagged him on the throat he choking. He choked out his dream entirely and then clamped his mouth shut as the King forced him to put on clothes as if compelled to his annoyance. He was again put into the wheelchair and then pushed out of the bathroom to the elevator to find the doors open. 
Nikolai got gagged by Nightwalker again who snarled "You will remember what you're in denial about!"
He frowned as Nightwalker forced his eyes shut as he came from a sleeping status to find himself lying on a bed appearing to look grand than his normal bed to his annoyance. He frowned as he felt pouncing of a cat pouncing all over his front and found a guard in the room shining a laser light onto him. 
Nikolai rolled over ignoring Annie's familiar pouncing to shut his eyes to find himself gagged by Nightwalker roaring "Get up!"
Nikolai sensed himself manipulated by Nightwalker again by him still mind scanning him via feeding method. He felt himself annoyed with the mind scanning to ignore it to go out of the elevator to the lobby to outside to the vehicle a familiar sedan. He again found Nightwalker's familiar guards holding back presses gathered outside while on the route to the sedan. He ignored their questions on how he assassinated Nightwalker and what he was doing for Rio Pluto despite not crowned King of Brazil. Nikolai got into the sedan and didn't say a word as the driver drove him to the hospital to drive into the private entrance for the staff which he found medical personal inside with a wheelchair waiting for him. Nikolai didn't say a word in response got out of the sedan as if manipulated to do it that drove away in a fast move and went to the wheelchair to sit and got thrust an oxygen mask covering his face. He found himself surrendering to the sleepiness of the drugged status shut his eyes. 

Nikolai came to finding a foot connecting with his stomach he jerking opened his eyes with annoyance running through him to glare at a Bloody kicking him with his boot. He kept the glare in response as the Bloodies got him to stand despite his wrists tied together by ropes. He kept his mouth into a thin line recalling why he was caught by the Redcoats as the Bloodies were called for wearing clothes stained of blood red color, which was him as bait for a trap by the newest Bloody dubbing himself, Julian, putting him into it. He recalled Julian a twin to Achilles, only gave up the name of Julian despite he already knowing it and got him to agree to the trapped status as bait for the Redcoats to catch him. Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as he glared at the Redcoats who hauled him through the forest jungle he finding the trap Julian put in place had yet to be sprung. It was a moon's position since he was found by the Redcoats, Julian balking on springing the trap despite he expecting it to happen. Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as the Redcoats continued to travel through the jungle with their knives on their weapons cutting a path in front of them. He noticed that the Redcoats were traveling in a circle from where he was captured despite cutting new paths of in front of them over and over to his annoyance. He found the Redcoats once reaching the middle of the circle quit the circular traveling and started cutting a new path into the jungle this time to his relief. Nikolai kept the Knightman in control as the Redcoats made a noisy path further into the jungle towards their campground. He hearing horns sounding loudly in the distance he recognizing was horns from the Redcoats. He recalled the Redcoats used the horns sounding through cow's horns yanked off cows' heads to blow through, to help them find where the campground was by blowing it repeatedly over and over. They were according to him following the noises spoken via the campground. He ignored the noises to find the Redcoats going to the campground only to recognize the jungle foliage not twin to the one surrounding the campground. Nikolai kept his mouth shut recognizing that as the Redcoats kept on sounding their horns till the campground's horn was sounded loudly behind a tree. 
He didn't say a word as the Redcoats led to the way to the campground he thinking to himself "Trap must be sprung there."
Nikolai kept his thought to himself as the Redcoats surrounding him met the others at the campground he finding the trap wasn't sprung as he hoped. He felt annoyance take hold as the Redcoats met the others and got him to be tied up in to the tree again. Nikolai found himself having a headache hitting him to frown once he felt the pain going away to realize with a start it involved being mind scanned by a Bloody sucking his neck. He felt annoyance take hold once he was in the tree's trap to glare at the Redcoats gathered around him some staring at him with various emotions of annoyance and shock. 
Nikolai again got the familiar headache found himself speaking "The name is Terrain Cliff. Don't ask me where I came up with it."
He clamped his mouth shut once done to find one of the Redcoats was glaring at him with red eyes of a Bloody male appearing to look twin to Nightwalker, to find the male addressing another male as Commander. 
He kept the glare aimed at Commander finding Nightwalker's twin speaking after willing aside his red eyed look "Interesting that this Nikolai as we refer him's mind was blabby about a trap that was already sprung. Sounds like the primitive natives got nervous from our gun weapons firing at them and took off first moonlight we captured Nikolai. They were detected hiding all over the place when we captured Nikolai here via the feeders hiding being quiet and not sounding of noises all over the place."
Nikolai glared at Commander in response he finding nothing to indicate of that memory coming to mind as Nightwalker's twin gave the male appearing to look like another twin of Nightwalker, a salute then walked away going into a tent he finding an eater fire erupt onto it. He frowned feeling himself confused to why there was an eater fire as the other Bloodies he notice looked nervous and didn't go near the tent. He kept on finding the tent remained burning of eater and nothing to indicate of anyone survived to come out as the moonlight shined overhead. He kept his mouth shut as he looked around the campground finding various males doing their work in nervous moves and ignoring the burning tent to his confusion. Nikolai frowned hearing animals' noises become quiet abruptly from sounding all around him to hear gun cocking noises he recognizing from the Redcoats' guns. 
He found the eater burning tent remained still with no light shown from it only to find a Redcoat using a torch to peer into the tent and coming out angrily "He's not in there!"
Nikolai frowned as there was a loud yell sounding of Julian's voice tone to find campfires put out leaving the Redcoats appear to look more nervous as the clouds covered the shiny moon. He saw via his green eyesight Redcoats swinging their weapons even onto each other and firing it shooting each other to death due to nervousness sensed from them. Nikolai found only one was left that appeared to be able to see in the dark by the head gestures that ran up to him and jabbed the gun's knife end into his chest making him grunt. 
He grunted as the Redcoat spoke "See you in the Underworld."
Nikolai recalled the term Underworld was speak for wandering souls of the dead to remain instead of going to the Summerland for resting. He found the Redcoat firing the gun knocking him unconscious to come to hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises he groaning while rolling over from the sounds of a spinner roaring. Nikolai heard a familiar Tsk sound he lurched up discovering himself lying in Sodom's bed he not sure of how he got there. He felt himself hung over from drinking again despite the pouch connection fully within him not active. 
Nikolai spoke while eyeing Achilles the Tsk's source "What day is it?"
He eyed Achilles who spoke "You need to be sober from the news of Nightwalker's people pressing charges of murder against you."
Nikolai flopped himself back in bed speaking ignoring Achilles' comment "Just let me sleep off this headache now."
Achilles, he heard spoke "I would except the cops pressured by the remaining sane Bloodies, want to talk to you regarding the untimely death of one leader of theirs named Nightwalker, immediately."
He glared at Achilles who held up a familiar recording device via hand and pressed a button. He found a news' report flashing above him showing himself via hidden camera at a bar drinking himself drunk via as many cups he could down followed by drunkenly hauled out of the bar by the bouncers. Nikolai found himself questioned by the presses gathered outside questions aimed at him about Nightwalker's curse to have him suffer bad luck in misfortune including being pointed out as the one who assassinated him. Nikolai continued to watch seeing himself drunkenly act familiar like he wasn't really Nikolai himself instead act like he was too out of it to answer questions and was more interested into kissing females and pawing them all over. He found his drunken self kept on doing the female chasing onto females of the presses and ignored himself being filmed till Nightwalker's guards came into sight and hauled him into a limo with them getting inside.
Nikolai found the recording quit to his relief spoke "What's the point of this anyway?"
He glared at Achilles feeling his head pounding from being recovering from drunk as the Bloody calmly spoke "I'm instructed to get your drunk self to the public bathroom and have you attend to your hygiene immediately for presentable means to the cops who are impatiently waiting for you."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response got up from the bed finding Achilles grabbed a hold of his arm and got him into the designated bathroom which he groaned from the walking. He sighed and got Achilles giving him multiple Tsks sounds. He ignored Achilles to go into the shower stall once free of his clothes. He forced himself to shower lukewarmly as he could willing his headache to go away. He found his headache involved the Bloodies feeding off of him via his neck whining in pain, from the feel to his annoyance. Nikolai walked out of the shower stall to dry himself and put on his clothes he finding Achilles in the room assisting on putting him a suit of clothes instead of Nightwalker's familiar deity lord clothes to his relief. He didn't protest as Achilles helped him into the suit and tie he was to wear including helping style his hair as he sat in the stool with head buried into his hands. He sighed as he felt the familiar object in his hand he recognized was of sunglasses and slipped them on despite noticing his all blue eyes were bloodshot and sensitive to light. Nikolai didn't protest as Achilles got him into the service elevator followed by getting him into the garage of the building which he leaned back shutting his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. He groaned finding the hand belonged to a female cop giving him a glare with the door to the sedan open. Nikolai didn't say a word in response as he got out of the car shaking his head of the pain and wordlessly followed the female into the precinct to one of their interrogation rooms to sit waiting while sensing himself filmed. Nikolai waited impatiently till the door opened to show the familiar female cop coming to sit down giving him a glare while thumping her shoes onto the table with legs crossed. 
He spoke sarcastically "Nice shoes."
Nikolai heard an ahem sound from the female cop as he spied her hand covering her name plate spoke still using the sarcastic voice tone "Kindly tell me why I'm here. Make it snappy. I'm not in the mood-"
"Not in the mood?" He was interrupted by the female cop who added "So you really are a drunkard whining about having Nightwalker's curse of assassinating him, enough to drink yourself drunk?"
Nikolai spoke firmly "I can't help it that bad luck find me irresistible at first like a cake. Then when the bad luck taste the flavor they don't like it enough to dump me."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as the female kept her glare who spoke "Cake? What cake are you supposed to be Mister Cliff? Remove your sunglasses now, Terrain Cliff as you're identified and not by that name of Nikolai Nightwalker as you're now referring yourself."
Nikolai heard nothing in response to her words to feel the Bloodies still sucking onto his throat and mind scanning him to his disgust. He felt the Bloodies quit mind scanning him but felt the familiar headache of being hung over still pounding in his head. He sighed and removed his sunglasses while grimacing from the light's glare. 
He glared at the floor easing his eyes from the light's glare to hear "Alright just put your sunglasses back on now. You really are hung over aren't you?"
Nikolai obeyed to find the female in response removing her shoed feet to lean forwards pressing buttons onto a computer console on the table and jabbing a finger in a direction. He found projection scene of what Achilles showed him he finding himself not surprised to see himself get drunk over an act of bad luck involving a car smashing itself into his limo and it killed the driver in question.
Nikolai spoke in response once the recording quit "Is this for public intoxication? Spare me of that joke-"
He was interrupted "It's for murder. King Nightwalker as the Bloodies call him, the latest victim, was found dead whose death is appearing to be suspicious since you were the last one to see him alive. You want to know why we're calling it murder hmm?"
Nikolai felt the familiar headache of a Bloody's manipulation hitting him again from the feel involving his throat sucked despite no word from the female on seeing Bloodies in the room, to feel himself not inclined to speak despite filmed. He kept his mouth shut despite the familiar throat pain kept on felt including his familiar mind scanning. 
He found the familiar pain quit to find the female cop adding "So tell me where were you since the bar kicked you out hmm?"
Nikolai felt the familiar pain continued despite a break from it to speak ignoring his throat sucked "I went home after the female presses rebuffed my advances for kissing and mating. Sorry can't say how long I played that chasing game. My guards got me into my residence and knocked me out once I was in bed. They sort of used their fists onto my poor head to knock me out."
He clamped his mouth shut once he found the throat pain quit to his relief to find the female removing her hand off her nametag he read said "Nikola."
Nikolai frowned finding her nametag having that odd name as he gave her a glare in response to find the female resume putting her shoed feet onto the table and speaking "So tell me what you remember of the chasing game onto the presses' females in question?"
Nikolai spoke in response as if compelled "I don't remember. I was too drunk to recall. All I know is I drank myself too much to be drunk enough to act like a weirdo. It's enough to give the presses lots of recordings to have a field day with it."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to get from the female cop in response "Field day in question? I wonder if you faked it enough to give you sympathy to this curse of Nightwalker's the Bloodies claim you seem to have despite pointed out as the one who assassinated him. I saw the recordings of you targeting the female presses. You weren't that drunken enough to do that targeting. You appeared to target only females like you knew who and what they were including not fooled by the women wearing men's wear clothing on their forms. So talk on this now Mister Terrain Cliff."
Nikolai removed his sunglasses he feeling his pounding headache quit to his relief finding his eyes no longer bothered by the light. 
He spoke firmly towards the female cop "Are you desperate to pin this murder onto me aren't you? It must have pained you some poor man's daughter to suffer nothing but pain from rich men like me who use money to get away with anything. I wouldn't be surprised if this murder is nothing but a jokey excuse to throw me in prison."
He glared at the female in response who got up only to hear a clapping noise to find a male cop in the doorway that quit his clapping.
He glared as the male spoke "Terrain Cliff's lawyer is here. Judge says there's no evidence to hold him in prison in connection to Nightwalker's murder. Presses are having a field day on him acting drunk in public while targeting the presses themselves. There's too many recordings showing him drunk actually including inappropriate behavior enough to sympathize with him to think he was suffering from some cursed status."
Nikolai got up putting on the sunglasses to find the female cop giving him a glare with a growling noise heard from her he ignored. He followed the male cop out of the room and out of the precinct to outside where his limo was parked to find the presses blaring questions in feminine voice tones. He heard involved his drunken night on targeting them for mating and kissing in response to a cursed status he ignored and went into the limo to sit with arms folded. Nikolai found an Ancient One in the limo that thrust him a familiar bottle which he took and sipped the orange juice fully before thrusting the male the bottle. He peered out the window as the vehicle drove to his residence building and got out finding Ancient One fading from view disappearing from sight after putting on his familiar helmet. He ignored the presses gathered outside using feminine voice tones to ask him various questions he heard he ignored. Nikolai went into the building ignoring the presses to go to his private elevator to find his butler he assumed was the Ancient One, appearing from no where once the doors were shut. 
He willed forwards the Knightman and spoke "Home."
Nikolai got a Tsk sound from Ancient One in response spoke firmly once the elevator stopped to his office floor "You want me to go to bed?"
He glared at the butler who spoke "Just go to Nightwalker's progeny's bedroom and lie down now. You look like your about to drop."
Nikolai obeyed to go to Sodom's bedroom to lie down onto the bed while clad in his suited garments. He sighed and thrust the blanket over his head while rolling over and passed out unconscious. 

Nikolai came to hearing the roar of a spinner storm sounding loudly in his ear. He jerked open his eyes to lurch up finding himself still in Sodom's room but this time much better rested. 
He groaned rubbing a hand over his forehead feeling the familiar headache of the Bloodies' sucking and scanning him he figured to himself "Must be Nightwalker's death doing it again."
Nikolai mentally spoke in response "Must you Bloodies scan my mind?"
He heard in response "I'm the great Nightwalker! I'm the greatest you ever know of! I'm the greatest!"
He ignored Nightwalker's persona's familiar blaring to find the voice added "Busy working on a problem can't help."
Nikolai sighed finding the Bloodies quit sucking him and scanning him to groan hearing the familiar Tsk sound in the room. 
He found the butler standing in the room wiping blood from his lips that spoke "You're wanted at the police precinct for questioning on Nightwalker's murder as usual."
Nikolai spoke in response recalling his lawyer "Tell them to talk to my lawyer and leave me out of this questioning now! Let me sleep!"
He rolled over in response thrusting the blanket over his head only to get the thing yanked with force. 
He glared at the butler who spoke once folding up the blanket "I would let your lawyer speak for you but they have a warrant for your arrest-"
He interrupted "What?!"
The butler continued ignoring his outburst "The arrest is on grounds of conspiracy to commit murder. It'll look good to your public persona if you turn yourself in on your own grounds this time."
Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound in response got up and without a word went to the familiar bathroom sensing the butler wasn't following. He came out clad in his familiar black suit and hair styled into a braid by a new butler dubbing himself Harrington he finding himself still sucked by Bloodies hiding somewhere in his residence and not showing themselves. Nikolai took the elevator to the limo parked outside to find the driver driving him to the police precinct where there was presses gathered outside using both female and male voice tones. He ignored the presses to walk into the precinct finding Nikola waiting for him with handcuffs who handcuffed him in front of the presses and whisked him away into an interrogation room.
He heard the presses refer her "Melinda Mikaela what do you have to say for arresting our hero Nikolai the Nightwalker's death maker?!" 
Nikolai kept the glare while eyeing Melinda he figured he'll refer her as she again resumed her position on the seat and table. 
He kept the glare aimed at Melinda in response finding her throwing up her hands and speaking "So we meet again. What do you have to say about the charges pressed against you hmm?"
Nikolai spoke "Not without my lawyer present."
He kept his mouth into a thin line as Melinda spoke loudly over her shoulder "He wants his lawyer to be present."
He heard the sarcasm of her voice tone found the door opening to admit a male wearing a blue suit looking like a butler and not his familiar lawyer entering the room to stand holding a familiar recorder device in hand. 
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as Melinda spoke gesturing to the suited up male "He's a lawyer. He'll tell you and I what we need to know."
He spoke finding his Bloodies feeding sense going off again "You're a Bloody feeding off me and compelling me to speak something I shouldn't be doing hmm?"
Nikolai glared at Melinda to find her snapping a finger aimed at the suited up male to find the male flaring red eyes of a Bloody and she speaking "He's a Bloody."
He kept his mouth into a thin line finding Melinda was being sarcastic with his comments as he glared at her. 
He kept the glare finding Melinda speaking after a lengthy staring "We could spend all day staring at each other. So talk on what did you know about Nightwalker's murder hmm?"
Nikolai spoke in response "Nightwalker's murder? You're talking about a flower plant stomped to the ground-"
He got interrupted "Nightwalker King of the Bloodies and leader of them. Not the flower plant. His murder or assassination as the Bloodies' call it."
Nikolai kept his voice firm "I had nothing to do with Nightwalker's murder in question. Stop trying to pin this-"
Melinda interrupted "Pin this onto you inappropriately? Oh I have evidence that says other wise that says that you know more about the murder than you supposedly know of."
He glared at Melinda finding his anger rising as there was Nightwalker's persona voice roared within the back of his mind his Knightman's ability itching to take control. 
He forced himself to breathe deeply through his nose till Melinda added "So talk more on this flower plant stomping in question. What do you mean by that hmm?"
Nikolai found his control of keeping the Knightman within him gone willed it forwards while hearing nothing to indicate of his familiar device cancelling out recorders sounding. 
He kept the glare aimed at Melinda who spoke "Care to tell me what's with the eyed look change hmm?"
Nikolai found himself hit with a familiar feeding pain of a Bloody sucking him again found it not taking effect willed aside the Knightman to glare at Melinda who repeated her question.
He ignored Melinda's question to speak firmly with anger in his voice tone he ignoring it "Don't play me with this ridiculous murder charge Miss Mikaela-"
He got interrupted "I didn't give you my name so how did you know of it hmm?"
Nikolai willed forwards the Knightman finding himself compelled to will it forwards by Nightwalker's persona's familiar roaring sounding within his mind and refusing to stay back within him. He felt his raging anger take control held up a hand towards Melinda ordering her to choke. He found Melinda choking while seeing her claw her throat as she gasped for air to his shock. 
Nikolai spoke firmly ignoring that he was using an odd voice tone "Don't ever play me Miss Mikaela. Don't play with deities who'll stomp you like a flower. I know your name from my sources learning about you."
He willed aside the choking to find Melinda gasping for air while appearing to throw her head between her legs despite he shocked with using Nightwalker's familiar persona's voice sounding with him. 
He added while getting up still using Nightwalker's familiar creepy voice "I'm finding this meeting over with. It's nothing but a waste of my time."
Nikolai found Melinda getting up in a fast move and blocking his way while holding her handgun pointed at his chest a glare on her face as she was seen breathing deeply. 
He spoke firmly after willing aside the Knightman "So you get what you want Miss Mikaela. A further excuse for a deity God to be contained in jail while his followers are outside demanding for his release."
He glared at Melinda in response to find her firing the handgun aimed at his chest he grunted from the bullet entering the area to collapsed onto the floor from the pain. Nikolai again felt the familiar worming feeling to find himself arching his back as he felt the bullet coming out of his body along with shirt ripped opened to bare his chest. He kept on doing the arching ignoring anything around him till the bullet was felt coming out of his chest and yanked out. Nikolai grunted feeling arms holding him up into a standing position once the bullet was yanked out. He kept his mouth into a thin line feeling himself going into his familiar drunken mood again despite the bullet removed. Nikolai found himself singing gibberish as he lolled his eyes around while feeling himself forced to walk. 
He kept on feeling himself itching to the mate spoke in a slurred voice tone "Let me go and go put my thingie in."
Nikolai got his request granted as he was thrust onto a bed which he undid his pants to free himself only to feel metal clamp around them along with kept away from the area. 
He drunkenly sang "Nightwalker's curse!"
Nikolai kept up the drunken singing till he felt himself sleepy shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Nikolai came to feeling his head pounding along with a glaring light blaring onto his eyes. He flinched from the light's glare to roll over only to figure it wasn't his bed he was lying on but someone else's. 
He groaned while feeling his wrists handcuffed to speak feeling his clothes were undone mostly around the area of his front and pants "Good night being pleasured? Next time don't use the handcuffs."
Nikolai heard in response "What night being pleasured are you talking about hmm?"
He groaned from the male's voice tone sounding of sarcasm to focus onto the area he was lying in to discover it was a jail cell with wrists handcuffed to the bars while he was lying on a mattress. He sighed and recalled Gomorrah in front of him pleasuring Sodom in bed with him forced to watch, doing a trick of getting out of the handcuffs found that the metal refused to give as the male's voice sounded again repeating his question.
Nikolai looked around finding himself alone in a jail cell and no one in sight but the voice which he spoke in response "Don't talk to me! I'm just a weirdo!"
He gave up a sigh sound to hear "Weirdo? Not when your singing god awful show tunes of a drunkard from the adjoining jail cell I'm in. I could hear you all night. Didn't get any ounce of sleep from your singing. It's terrible."
Nikolai heard the tiredness of the male's voice spoke "You got a name mister?"
He heard nothing but a soft snoring sound in response gave up a loud Hmph only to hear the familiar sleep noise. He didn't comment a response recalled his electricity charging power only to eye the cell's walls to see that they were metal. 
He groaned thinking to himself "That's going to knock my companion out."
Nikolai glared at the cell's bars seemingly lengthy till he heard footsteps sounding loud pounding onto the metal making him grimace of a familiar headache again indicating of drunken status to him. He grimaced as the pounding arrived into view showing Melinda that undid the handcuffs through the cell's bars but refused to let him out. 
He sat up and glared at her while speaking "Interesting that you would shoot me. I ought to press charges for that."
Nikolai got nothing in response from Melinda as he stood up and adjusted his pants zipping himself up along with adjusting the belt of the pants. He glared at Melinda who didn't look away as he attempted to button his top finding the buttons were missing as if ripped off.
He snarled "Cheapskates. You had to rip my good top didn't you?"
He glared at Melinda who kept her mouth into a thin line and didn't speak as he attempted to button his jacket's business suit again finding the buttons were gone from here. He growled out an annoyed sound before resuming to sit down onto the mattress to lean his back against the metal wall. Nikolai felt pounding onto the metal wall he grunted loudly from the pain pounding into his head. He removed himself from leaning against the wall and sat hunched forwards on the mattress. He again felt the familiar pounding that seemed to be all over the place not sparing the floor. 
Nikolai groaned out "Cut it with the pounding now!"
"What pounding?" He got from Melinda he hearing the sarcastic voice tone. 
Nikolai got up going to the cell bars in a growling noise sounding of Nightwalker, while willing forwards the Source he figured he'll dub Nightwalker's mental ability passed to him, seeing she taking a step back but remained standing firm. He growled in the Nightwalker's voice tone as he again felt the familiar vibration pounding all around him and not sparing the floor. 
Nikolai growled out in Nightwalker's voice "You're playing games with me Miss Mikaela. Quit the game of vibrations all over this jail cell now!"
He glared at Melinda who held up her sword hand aka right hand while holding two fingers and looking at him with eyes narrowed. Nikolai thrust out his hand towards her through the opening of the cell bars finding her backing out of his reach while still holding her hand's gesture. He gave up a growling noise as he found the cell bars refused to give from his attempt to grab Melinda. 
Nikolai removed his hand and mentally ordered "Choke."
He found himself choking in response to the point of nearly passing out which he quit the choking order to again feel the vibrations felt all around him. He grunted as he went to the mattress and forced himself to lie down with arms folded feeling the vibrations were all over the place running through the mattress. He shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep coming to feeling water spilling into his face as his back arched to let a bullet get out of his front. He grunted from the pain as the bullet wormed itself out of his front followed by dropping out of his skin. Nikolai found himself lying on the ground finding a hand patting him on the face in some insisting move. 
He shook his head to glare at the hand's owner he recognized was of Julian who spoke "Interesting that there's something godly about you."
He heard the creepy voice tone of Nightwalker from Julian, spoke once feeling himself getting into a drunken mood "You got a girl for me to mate with hmm?"
Nikolai asleep grimaced from the memory of himself always getting into a drunken mood from his body thrusting out bullets he always targeting females for mating including kissing. He recalled he spoke his question in a slurred voice tone to find Julian and others walking away darting into the bushes leaving him lying on the ground baring himself and running hands over his sensitive part. Nikolai grimaced recalling what happened next was it began to rain hard in a flashing storm which helped killed his mood to mate. He recalled he wound up curling into a ball to sleep despite the rain felt pounding onto him he felt was all over the place. Nikolai felt the pounding quit to his relief to keep himself asleep till he heard singing sounding of the familiar Nightwalker's curse line again to his annoyance. 
He rolled over ignoring the singing of the female's voice tone till he felt annoyance take hold exploded once lurched up into a sitting position "Quit that singing now! I'm sick of hearing that line over and over! I do know what it means! So quit singing it and let me sleep!"
Nikolai resumed lying down into his position he grumbling loudly ignoring that he could be overheard "Death cannot touch me my seat."
He shut his eyes only to hear a banging noise loudly he ignored only to feel a hand shaking his shoulder. 
Nikolai jerked open his eyes finding Melinda was in the cell with him who was the hand's owner who held up two fingers and spoke "How many fingers am I holding up?"
He copied her hand's gesture while speaking despite hearing the Source in control "I'm not blind."
Nikolai glared at Melinda as he willed aside the Source to get her familiar hand's gesture which he copied while repeating his remark. He glared at Melinda in response to find her thrusting a finger towards the cell's opening and ordering him out. He obeyed to walk out sensing Melinda following finding a male cop leading the way to an interrogation room to his annoyance. Nikolai found Melinda forcing him to sit into a chair followed by her standing with arms folded as a cop another male came into the interrogation room to press buttons onto a computer console. 
He got ordered "Take a look now."
Nikolai obeyed finding the scene was of Melinda shooting him in the chest followed by recording focusing onto his bullet wound despite manipulated to do it showing him willing it out of his body. He didn't comment a response as the recording showed him acting drunk he recalled from memory of it fully including handcuffed to the cell bars in response to his question of mating with females. He kept the glare in response as the recording continued to show him singing a song line he heard was Nightwalker's curse over and over. 
Nikolai kept his mouth shut into a thin line as the recording quit followed by hearing from the male cop "Eight sun positions straight of that singing line over and over till you quit to sleep."
He glared at the cop in response to get gestured to look at the projection screen which he obeyed finding a recording of himself appearing to have shaky body and shaking all over while trying to grab Melinda through the cell bars. He found himself shaking all over while lying down followed by still shaking as he appeared to be out unconscious. 
Nikolai kept the glare aimed at the cop in response to find the male speaking "Also your lawyer is pressing charges for falsely holding you without probable cause. Judge sided with him so you're free to go. Get out of here now."
He obeyed to walk out of the interrogation room following Melinda to outside finding the female cop halted once at the doorway entrance which he continued on walking ignoring his shirt gaping open. 
He heard "Whoo hoo! Hello handsome want to play me?!"
He ignored the comments sounding of sneering voice tones as he went into the parked limo finding the familiar guards holding back the presses. He got inside and found the President of the Bloody Red company another Ancient One, seated inside giving him an all blue eyed glare while thrusting him his familiar orange drink bottle. 
He sipped the bottle hearing ahem noises from the Ancient One to groan speaking firmly from a pause of sipping "I can act drunk from bullets being self removed from my body myself doing that removal. It's just the body rejecting the bullet to get it out of my body itself without surgical means. The drunken status involves me targeting females inappropriately. I'm told I sang one line of Nightwalker's curse over and over for eight sun positions straight followed by having the shakes I didn't realize I was shaking. I accused the cops of causing the vibrations despite stupidity not realizing that it was my body doing it."
He resumed sipping the drink to find the Ancient One quit the all blue eyed glare in response who spoke "And what are you not admitting hmm?"
He recalled Melinda spoke as if compelled once done with the orange drink "I want Melinda Mikaela as mine."
Nikolai felt himself shocked with what he said groaned softly to rub a hand over his forehead while ignoring that the thrust the bottle onto the area. He didn't protest as the Ancient One yanked the bottle from him and got thrust a pair of sunglasses he put on finding the male wasn't going to hand him a change of tops. 
He eyed his button less top to speak "They even ruined one of my favorite shirts."
Nikolai heard the familiar ahem noise spoke in response "Well its one of my favorite button shirts anyway. I do recycle my clothes to wear them till they fall apart. I don't bother wearing anything new every day. Don't care for that. Besides Charles when I wound up as him other than Terrain Cliff's persona, taught me to do that clothes recycling in case the fortune gets tanked his words. He was insane thinking someone could take away his fortune."
He eyed the Ancient One who gave him an all blue eyed glare in response making him groan out "Fine I hate suits but I love wearing button tops like the one I'm wearing enough to recycle them too much. I have ordered pillows and blankets made out of the clothes if they turn out useless for me to wear. This top will make a nice pillow."
He frowned as the Ancient One spoke in response after willing aside the all blue eyed look "Interesting that you're believing that your fortune will be wiped out in one instant. It won't now with the addiction of this alcoholic drink of Bloody Red as it's called in the United States including their annexed territory of Brazil, all over the place there. The Brazilian natives managed to get involved into this addiction at the moment and have been somewhat addicted to it. It'll prosper for awhile till health officials find an excuse to trash it like they trashed smoking. Dangerous for one's health when it comes to smoking electronic water cigarettes. They haven't found what makes it dangerous but only said its addicting. Problem is your company produces those cigarettes in question that is hugely popular in Brazil that isn't going to die out from the looks of things I'm seeing around here."
He grunted a groan recalling that the Ancient One facing him was dubbed Barry who had a mental ability of seeing anything within Terra if he concentrated onto the image fully in his mind despite complaints of the images popping up in his mind some inappropriate to see. 
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the Ancient One, Barry he figured he'll call him, added "Aren't you going to ask me why I'm in this vehicle with you?"
Nikolai shook his head in a no gesture of tipping the head sideways to find Barry giving him a glare making him gulp. 
He gulped again as Barry spoke "I spent the last lunar cycle diverting the production of Bloody Red company name to other bogus companies. It's due to that Bloody Red's name is associated with death of Humans at the moment via Brazil that is spreading to other annexed states now. Those people are still set on the name meaning death hence the bogus companies created to keep the company afloat at the moment in some life saving means."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response as Barry added loudly "All Seeing One, transport me out of this vehicle to my residence if you would please."
He found Barry disappearing in a light show to lean back groaning loudly finding the vehicle arriving to his residence building and parking at the curb. He got out finding the presses gathered outside giving out Whoo Hoo comments and sounding rude to him. Nikolai ignored the presses as he walked into the building them held back by barricades and found a cop acting as doorman. 
He walked inside hearing "A second of your time Mister Crimson!"
Nikolai recognized the voice from the receptionist a male at the desk looking impatient. He went to the male receptionist to glare with the Source in control to find the man ogling his bared stomach muscles. 
He adjusted his shirt to cover the area by a hand holding the material in place as the male spoke again thrusting him a laptop "I have recordings from too many people requesting tenancy into this building I'm ordered to have you decide if their worth being tenants or not."
He snatched the laptop while hearing a snickering voice tone from the male ignored him to go into his elevator to speak the command for his office. Nikolai found the elevator going up to his relief as he held the laptop and without a word found Harrington standing in the hallway giving off a Tsk sound once he walked out. 
He thrust the laptop onto Harrington who took it he speaking "Erase everything onto this laptop now. I don't need to see it."
Nikolai went to the elevator only to find the butler inside that spoke "A certain family member of the current King of Janeiro, made a personal visit to the building requesting tenancy. The request is on this laptop with other's requests in question."
He grunted and took the laptop and found Harrington faded from view which he spoke "Bed."
He found the elevator refused to budge he hearing "Inappropriate device detected."
Nikolai spoke "What inappropriate device are you babbling about you stinking computer?"
He got in response her laser light blaring onto the laptop. 
Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound and without a word went out of the elevator to his office to find Harrington there that gave up a loud Tsk sound. He glared at Harrington who indicated his clothes by the eyes appearing to ogle his stomach muscles with some smirking look seen on the male's face. 
Nikolai groaned out "Not you Harrington?"
He glared at Harrington who quit the smirk followed by speaking "I'll see that your clothes are properly attended for Master." 
He heard the laughing voice tone of Harrington to growl an annoyed sound as he stripped himself of his jacket and shirt finding the butler giving him a smirk look before fading from view. Nikolai heard Harrington's laughter sounding loudly within the residence via microphones placed around for the butler to hear him yell his name. 
He went to sit down on the office's chair and opened the laptop to speak "Play recording."
Nikolai felt himself bored after seeing another useless recording of presses begging for tenancy in his residence building he yet to come upon the King's family member as said by Harrington. 
He found himself fed up with the recordings uselessness spoke loudly "'Computer fast forward till King's family member is identified."
He leaned back with hands over his stomach muscles he feeling something like cream was over the area. He removed his hands to find the white cream was staining his fingers. Nikolai got up in a fast move to eye himself in the mirror finding his front was covered in cloud white cream with black marks that indicated it formed a smiley face to him. 
He bellowed "Harrington!"
Nikolai didn't have long to wait as he found Harrington in the room giving off his familiar Tsk sound he glared at. 
He spoke "Why didn't you tell me that my front was covered with this crap in question, Harrington?"
He glared at Harrington while willing forwards the Source to get the butler fading from view in response. 
He spoke in a rush recalled Nightwalker's commands to the residence "Door lock."
Nikolai heard faint pounding noises growled an annoyed sound to follow the pounding noises to find Harrington pounding onto the service elevator and with vain trying to get the doors open. He went to Harrington as quietly from behind as his filming sense went off abruptly. 
He ignored the filming sense to halt once an arm length behind Harrington and mentally spoke "Harrington paralysis, Harrington, to me."
Nikolai found his orders obeyed by Harrington becoming still along with flying backwards to land into the right hand. He gripped Harrington's neck finding the male was displaying a fearful expression in his eyes. 
He glared at Harrington as he spoke "I don't find it amusing that you failed to let me know of this jokey status done onto my front in question. Strike one. Don't cross me again Harrington. Two more strikes and you're out of service on a permanent basis."
He added despite still using Nightwalker's voice "Door unlock."
He heard the service doors to the elevator open to thrust Harrington inside finding guards standing inside that grabbed the butler's arms in a tight ironclad hold. He mentally waved away the paralysis from Harrington's form finding the male straightening up his form. 
Nikolai spoke in response as one guard put tape over Harrington's mouth "Dump him in the waste water plant and have it suck him out to the lake then return him here."
He got the guard shutting the elevator doors in response as he walked away going out of the kitchen's pantry to the kitchen itself. He walked out finding the filming quit once in the kitchen. 
Nikolai snarled out loud "Blast I have to find another Bloody to be a good butler for me."
He grunted annoyed sound he recalling "Nightwalker had a Bloody named Jones that was his butler. He was dumped into the waste water plant into the lake taking him in with stone attached after the incident of Beatrice, his wife, where she went, getting into his office while I was this bastard's food slave. Yuck the waste water plant's water tunnel will take care of Harrington via drowning him and crocodiles in the lake, eating him to death once he's dumped there."
He heard nothing in response to his thought as he went to the public bathroom to shower off the cream on his front in the shower stall. Nikolai wound up walking out finding a male standing there wearing a familiar butler's uniform and giving off a Tsk sound. He glared at the male he recognized was his butler Harrington whose head was wet with uniform wet and smelled the pool's scent from the male. He found Harrington appeared to ignore the dumping into the pool by the guards doing it for him instead of dumping him into the waste water plant. He ignored Harrington's stinky smell of the pool to put on his clothes he finding it was twin to Henry's to his annoyance. 
Nikolai glared at Harrington who spoke "Master, your Father requests your presence immediately as transported."
He didn't say a word to find Harrington getting his hair into its familiar braided style followed by declaring him done. He stood with arms folded waiting impatiently for the All Seeing One to transport him only to get thrust into a squat position by the butler. He found himself in a limo from the looks of everything around him. He went to sit down in the limo to glare at Henry sitting next to him appearing to be kissy faced onto a female wearing a uniform of army with lots of leg shown. Nikolai found James in view waving him over to sit next to him. 
He obeyed to glare at James the male speaking over the noises of Henry with a female from the moaning sounds heard "The restless natives begged with pleading for the President to be paraded in each state's capital city in Brazil. Each county is now a state as declared by the United States of America annexing Brazil in question. The restless natives wanted to be assured that there's a President to lead them despite this ridiculous annexing."
He spoke ignoring the gasping noises from Henry and the female "Hence this ridiculous parade with me as bait for any assassinations."
He glared at James who spoke "Yep. The Bloodies' current ruler King Brittan despite not calling him Nightwalker, is reportedly according to spies, throwing a hissy fit about Brazil having a President. He's heard to swear anything deadly to be done onto Brazil's President in one of his ranting tirades while he was shown a recording of the crowning in some reported movie theater for a new movie to be shown."
Nikolai spoke in response loudly "You sure that King Brittan isn't speaking on my double's appearance twin to the one who assassinated Nightwalker himself, as reason for why he should be assassinated?"
He got groaning loudly from Henry and the female to hear "Blast you buffoon for that question."
He ignored Henry's comment to find James giving him a glare which he spoke in response "A deity god posing as a soldier in front of King Nightwalker, the first made a show of his sword breaking against the neck of his disciple when he tried to cut off his disciple's head off. His sword broke as a result in front of witnesses. The witnesses the King's own guards thought the same thing could happen to the King himself. It backfired when his own head wound up chopped off. Nightwalker made an appearance appearing to be back from the dead status and gave the crown to himself just to get his throne just to unite all Bloodies underneath one king. Nightwalker's predecessor's King's own pouch brother tried to make it seem like he came back from the dead of head chopped off status but the natives weren't fooled instead refused to accept him as King. I think his angry attitude is from a descendant of him managed to get into the Bloodies' royal family enough to past it down."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find James speaking in response "Are you sure that I'm telling the truth on what I'm saying?"
He spoke sensing his lie detector sense wasn't active but no where within him to figure "Henry, you did that joke again didn't you?"
He glared at Henry in response to find the male was ignoring him and was busy appearing to be suckling onto the female's breasts' nipples one at a time. 
He looked away to glare are James who spoke "Alright what I said was a lie on what I said regarding King Brittan when there's no King of the Bloodies at the moment. The Bloodies have gotten into a civil war and is busy trying to kill each other off. Something we Humans are encouraging with hopes they'll extinct themselves to death."
Nikolai kept the glare while sensing the Source in control. 
James continued he finding the male ignoring his Source glare "You're to get out of the vehicle and go to the assigned vehicle as pointed out by the disciples as their called to sit in it. You're to act smiley while waving in some happy mood and keep it up till your back into this vehicle in question."
Nikolai felt disgust take hold looked away towards Henry still suckling onto the female's nipples to hold up a hand mentally ordering "Henry, choke."
He found his order obeyed by Henry looking at him with the Source in control giving him a glare as he mentally added "Henry to me."
Nikolai found Henry flying towards him while still holding onto the female in a tight ironclad hold. 
He grabbed Henry by the neck and peeled off the Ancient One's hold onto the female while speaking "You should learn to grow up now."
He found Henry kept his hold onto the female as he let go of the Ancient One's neck and thrust the male down onto the floor digging his face into it. 
He got sputtering from Henry followed by hearing "That's not appropriate for you to treat His Excellency, Sir."
Nikolai glared at James in response and spoke firmly "Why do I have to double for him while he plays games with this bimbo?"
He heard hey comments spoken from Henry and the female as he kept his attention onto James. Nikolai felt himself choking mentally gave the shield command while holding up a hand towards Henry. 
He glared at Henry who spoke "Because you lived longer than I did enough to survive whatever the restless natives toss onto you in question so double for me. I as your President am ordering it."
He gave up a sound of disgust hearing the voice sounded not of Nightwalker but of his Father's as Henry resumed suckling onto the female's nipples he annoyed to see to look away out the window seemingly lengthy. He found the limo in Elizabethan Town from the looks of it driving in Brazil's new named capital city as originally called instead of named Rio Pluto, that appeared to have roads blocked despite stopping at a parking lot. He grunted an annoyed sound feeling James elbow him in the front he ignored the pain and got out of the vehicle to slam the door. Nikolai went to the assigned open topped limo to sit only to find Henry's limo exploded into an eater fireball to his shock. 
Nikolai made a motion to head towards the limo screaming out "Father!"
He found himself restrained by the guards that kept him into the open topped limo that continued on driving away he unable to look behind to see the vehicle. Groaning he forced himself to smile while waving his hand towards the crowd gathered on the sides of the road cheering their cries for their President. He felt disgust take hold once the ride was over to get into a closed topped limo which inside he found James and Henry alive to his shock. 
He stared at Henry with annoyance running through him who made a hand wiping gesture and spoke "Assassins, such as Bloodies, are desperate enough to sicken onto me a bimbo with a bomb implanted into her. It was set to go off by her pulling her boob's string on her back. She took the bait assuming that I was in the car with her and blew herself up. Sorry I wasn't able to tell you anything Dearie. I didn't want to let her blow up prematurely."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response instead leaned back and folded his arms while forming a glare on his face. 
He kept on glaring at Henry who added "Stare at me and I'll put you to sleep for I hate that sexual behavior from males despite favoring them over females. Yuck females are disgusting."
Nikolai gave up a disgust sound hearing Nightwalker's familiar voice sounding from Henry and resumed looking out the window seemingly lengthy he hearing James and the Ancient One getting into a discussion on what he still dubbed, Nikolai, himself was to do in the next state's capital city. 
Nikolai rolled his eyes in annoyance mentally speaking "Can't Henry do this job instead of having me doing it?"
He found his question was for nothing as he wearily found himself back into Sodom's bed after a lengthy period of being paraded as President of Brazil's an annexed state of the United States, in place of the Ancient One that lasted all day with multiple plane rides to each state's capital city. He grunted once he laid down in Sodom's bed he recalling himself always throwing up in the barf bag each time the plane was in motion. He finding Henry retaliated to his choking by refusing to give him any nourishment to settle his stomach once the plane arrived to a state's capital city's airport. Nikolai felt himself relieved to lay in bed with eyes shut he feeling himself too tired to move or do anything but sleep. He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing the familiar spinner storm's roaring which he ignored to roll over on the bed thrusting the blanket over his head. Nikolai wound up getting the blanket yanked with force to his annoyance. 
He glared at Harrington that spoke "Your hygiene is a must to be attended by the smell of you Master, if you don't mind me for saying this."
He grunted a grunt in response and forced himself to get up from the bed to stand only to see the floor rising up to meet him. He felt the metallic floor touching his face to shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Nikolai came to feeling rain water spilling onto his face he felt a rainstorm falling onto him while clad in a pair of animal skin pants. He jerked open his eyes towards the rainstorm to glare with annoyance taking hold feeling his hair plastered to the side of his face. He felt his sensitive part sticking out of his pants with some feeling of mating to him. He got up and forced his sensitive part into his pants then stomped still wet into a Redcoat's tent he finding Julian inside to his annoyance giving him a glare and making a finger gesture to kneel. 
Nikolai obeyed to glare at Julian seated on a cot who spoke "So admit this talent of surviving a projectile shot point blank range onto you and getting your body to remove the bullet by itself. We share eye changing abilities but surviving bullets as the Bloodies as we native savages call them don't have much luck in that. So talk on that now."
He spoke firmly recalling an Ancient One being his Father "I'm an offspring of an Ancient One. Hence I blessed with this ability. He favored me enough to give me this gift."
He clamped his mouth shut as Julian spoke "Ancient One? Who's this deity in question anyway?"
He found his mouth clamped shut once about to open it to find Nightwalker complete with the King's getup of cloud colored skirt, sandals and crown on the head, standing next to him as if appearing from no where, speaking "That would be me."
Nikolai heard gasps from Julian along with "Master!"
He exhaled a breath as Nightwalker removed his hand to find Julian kneeling on his knees and bowing his head with hand over his heart area in a fist as if paying respects to him. 
Nikolai didn't say a word as Nightwalker spoke again "This is my disciple Nikolai as he's known for. You will honor me by becoming disciples of me. I will when its time bestow gifts onto you and your people. Your first mission is to accept a Bloody one of us natives answering to the name of Nightwalker, as leader of you and your people and to crown him King ruler of this land I will call by the name of Rio Pluto. You must accept Nightwalker to lead you and your people to remove the Humans' deadly influence towards us Bloodies out of Rio Pluto and to gain independence as an independent nation in the process. I will be back with further orders for you to do. I must take my disciple with me now."
He found Nightwalker himself picking him up to carry him via fast blurring speed move he finding himself dizzy to see where they were going. Nikolai found Nightwalker kept on feeding off of him during breaks of running till they arrived to Elizabethan town's park area before the city got developed heavily as Rio Pluto. 
Nikolai glared at Nightwalker who dropped him onto the ground who spoke firmly "You will take the name of Nikolai Nightwalker nickname Nikolai and will start up the development of the city of Rio Pluto for us Bloodies to live in sanctuary from the hated Humans and their deadly influence of trying to wipe us Bloodies out. You will do what it takes to get the city of Rio Pluto created according to my designs. Don't question me on those orders. Now go into the bushes and get the clothes you need to wear."
Nikolai found himself obeying to put on the animal skin clothing after exchanging his pants to glare at Nightwalker who disappeared fading from view. He found it was a sunrise hour laid down and shut his eyes to come to hearing the familiar sound of a spinner's storm blaring in his ear. Nikolai rolled over while lying in Sodom's bed from the noise. He ignored the noises only to feel the blanket yanked with force from his head. He grunted feeling himself itching to be awake opened his eyes to find Harrington standing in the room giving him a glare and thrusting a finger at the doorway. Nikolai sighed and didn't say a word in response found himself much better rested and went to the public bathroom to attend to his hygiene. He came out finding Harrington outside with his familiar Tsk sound he clad in his familiar black clothes to glare at the butler. 
He glared as Harrington spoke "Go to the kitchen. You'll find nourishment there."
Nikolai obeyed to find nourishment onto the table he sat down to pick up the silverware only to get the plate removing itself via hands off the table. He found the hands' owner belonged to his Father, Ancient One clad in his familiar armor, to his shock and dismay. 
He groaned as his Father held his plate with one hand and spoke "I got word that you treated people inappropriately including my own baby brother in question. So you care to admit what it was I heard hmm?"
Nikolai found himself forced to admit what he did onto Harrington and onto Henry using his power abilities to find his Father clearing his throat he sensing the Source in control willed it aside. He didn't say a word as his Father made Nightwalker's familiar lick the floor gesture he recognized the King pulled onto him for food. Nikolai groaned softly and kneeled forcing himself to give the floor several licks as ordered by his Father making that gesture. He didn't comment a response as his Father quit the gesture and to his disgust dumped the plate full of soupy foods down onto his head while speaking an oops comment. 
Nikolai heard in response "Guards see about dumping my son into the pool for cleaning himself up now."
He opened his mouth to protest only to find himself manipulated via fast speed movements and then found himself floating in air he finding the pool in vicinity fell into it with a splash followed by swimming up to the surface he feeling his mood bad again. He forced himself to swim several laps in the pool till the water stank of food making his stomach growl of hunger. Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself out of the pool via short end to find the water fast drain itself out. He grunted as he got out of the pool to strip himself of his clothes till he was naked leaving his clothes on the floor. He smelled the familiar soup smell of food from the pool grunted to make a walk movement only to get blocked by his Father appearing from no where holding up a hand pressing it into his front. He glared at his Father in response who was felt feeling his front mostly onto his stomach muscles to his annoyance. Nikolai cleared his throat multiple times as his Father kept up the touching to his annoyance ignoring his noises. He folded his arms once he felt an enough of the touching only to find his Father forcing his arms apart and appeared to be feeling them all over including feeling his body all over and not sparing his sensitive parts to his annoyance. 
Nikolai spoke once his Father quit the touching and appeared to be scrutinizing him "Something you want to tell me about my health, Father?"
He glared at his Father who in response spoke "Why is Sodom and Gomorrah pointed out to be two male Humans in disguise as Bloodies while undergoing some sickness involving drugged withdrawal? Such as drugs pointed out to make their bodies into some insane muscular buffoon and be pumped with bloody liquid to make them taste good to a Bloody to get addicted to it?"
Nikolai exhaled a breath hearing Nightwalker's voice tone which he inhaled to speak only to get his Father speaking "Why is your body looking like its drugged all over the place hmm? I can feel the needles' pricks all over your body including that your muscular form seems flabby at the moment from the touch."
He spoke firmly "I'm a male I have needs only-"
"Only Nightwalker can provide such as flattering your ego to become this muscular buffoon in question?" He got interrupted by his Father giving him a glare of narrowed Human black eyes. 
Nikolai gulped in response and spoke recalling the truth was best "Its just desperation of a man trying to with mating urges that have refused to go away hence he addicted to mating with his female Beatrice all over the place. Not sure where Beatrice went."
He gulped as his Father spoke "Mating urges? What mating urges are you talking about hitting Nightwalker hmm?"
Nikolai found nothing come to mind in response as he again gulped to get his Father again speaking "You're lying on saying this mating urges bit to me, Terrain Cliff."
He again gulped hearing his Father use his actual name of Terrain Cliff as Ancient One continued "I do know why Nightwalker is doing this muscular buffoon stunt to you. Its jealousy towards you for living too long including in the sunlight. Nightwalker kept on trying for cycles to get himself immune to the sunlight which he discovered you were like that despite not control by the blood lust soon after you drank Bloodies' blood in a bowl they gave you. It made you half Bloody some advanced soldier of the Bloodies hence Nightwalker manipulating you to do anything like a servant you obeying and appearing to have his influence including using his voice."
"No wonder your dreams are always icky involving whatever Nightwalker put there including mating with females like one you loved called Louisa." He got from his Father who added "I have something in mind for you. You're not going to like it not one bit but too bad it's a fitting punishment for this ridiculous stunt Nightwalker did to you which your currently acting like him now."
Nikolai groaned softly and mentally spoke to himself ignoring that he was blasting mentally onto his Father "I do hope this punishment isn't that bad as my Father is making it to be."
Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound while punching the punching bag from the memory of his question. He kept on punching the punching bag while in the gym room of the President of United States' annexed state of Brazil's residence he recalled what punishment his Father had him do. Nikolai continued to punch the punching bag feeling himself filmed the moment he entered the gym room to practice a karate Kata as called as taught by guards all Human and none of them were Bloodies. He found the punishment involved taking Henry's place as President of Brazil while Henry was taking his place as Nikolai Nightwalker. He recalled it was a full planetary cycle since he took the title that didn't give him very much privacy all over Brazil and even in Nightwalker's former King's residence he finding himself spied on by recorders and staff members keeping an alert eye onto him as he withdrew from the drugs within his system. He grunted from fisting the punching bag finding the thing was barely moving from his punching. Nikolai kept onto punching the punching bag he feeling his mood foul as usual. He gave the bag several kicks of karate training after a break of punching. Nikolai heard a crying noise of a baby to roll his eyes midway during a kick aimed at the bag. He sighed and walked out of the gym room to the hallway finding himself always followed by the President's familiar secret service guards. He finding the remaining Sonyas had quit their tricks of Goddess deity status onto the natives and was now last heard in the United States' state of Canada, causing their familiar trouble again to his disgust. Nikolai ignored the guards always following him everywhere in the President's residence to go to his bedroom finding guards two of them following him inside that refused to give him privacy for anything involving the bathroom and its facilities and having duties involving the bed that not just involved sleeping. Nikolai found himself annoyed with the escorting and lack of privacy to figure it was his Father ordering it just to wean himself of the drugged status Nightwalker threw his body into. He ignored the guards to enter the bathroom to attend to his hygiene while noticing a guard staring at him from within the room with mirrored sunglasses. He found the guards in his bathroom and bedroom were always wearing mirrored sunglasses and had refrained from displaying any mouth expressions in his presence in either place. Nikolai didn't say a word in response once he was done with his hygiene that involved washing off the sweat from the exercising in the gym room. He recalled he habitually since his drug withdrawal kept up the practice of karate as taught by the guards quite religiously enough to fall face first onto the mat during the beginning stages of drugs' withdrawal. Nikolai didn't say a word as he got thrust his familiar uniform by a guard that was always a stiff necked button top with a tie, a vest covering his chest entirely, and stiff clothes in grey and white colors as required for him to wear as President of Brazil. He recalled the stiffness was from the clothes being made out of a material that could block bullets. 
Nikolai brushed his long in black length hair finding he had to pull it back into a tail on orders of a guard telling him "Your hair down like that is inappropriate."
Nikolai once done with his hair walked out of the bathroom groaning softly from the stiffness of the clothes' material that felt like leaded weights to him. He recalled the leaded weight feeling helped contributed to his body's health as in making him work on being fit and healthy to him. Nikolai walked out of the bedroom to go to the office finding the familiar staff was gathered inside James giving him a glare in response as always to him going to sit down in the chair speaking his report command.
Nikolai got James getting onto one knee speaking "Ancient One."
He found his Father standing next to him that snapped fingers in a direction he finding Henry appearing from view clad in twin clothes and looking annoyed. 
Nikolai got up as his Father spoke "Henry, it's your turn to take over. Do me proud."
He frowned to find himself dumped into the pool of Nightwalker's residence, he confused to how he got there, with no memory of it in mind, he finding the clothes acted like leaded weights keeping him down in the pool's deeper end. He grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself out of the clothes and shoes till he was clad only in his underwear and swam up to the surface ignoring his clothes on the bottom of the pool. Nikolai felt himself fine to get out of the pool only to fell backwards by hands pushing him into it by an appearing Ancient One appearing to be his Father. 
He fell into the pool with a splash and swam up to the surface to glare at his Father who spoke "The pool has garbage that needs to be taken out. Your doing that job. Don't expect a pool drainage this time. I expect the garbage to be taken out in one sweep now. So do it."
He groaned and obeyed to swim to the leaded clothes lying on the floor to pick up with strength via his hands and arms wrapped around it including picking up the shoes. He forced himself to carry the items up to the surface despite itching to breathe for air. Nikolai ignored the urge to breathe to reach the surface to gasp for air only to feel himself sinking weighted down by the clothes and shoes. He again swam up to the surface to the shorter end of the pool and forced himself to walk jumping up and down till he reached the shallow end to breathe deeply once he got his head out of the water. He sighed as he heard clapping noises to find his Father doing the clapping as he carried the clothes and shoes to the end of the pool and wearily dumped them onto the floor. He groaned and forced himself to get out of the pool via that end and picked up his clothes and shoes carrying them to his Father he feeling himself still wearily. Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line once reaching his Father to drop everything onto the floor in front of the Ancient One who quit the clapping followed by kneeling and gasping for breath loudly.
He gasped out "Al....right...just...let...me...have...a...life...ugh."
He quit his gasping once he felt himself choking by his Father holding up a hand towards his direction. Nikolai gasped for air fully finding the choking quit followed by thrusting his form onto the floor and curling into a ball shutting his eyes he too exhausted to argue with his Father.
Nikolai felt a hand shaking his shoulder along with a familiar "Master sleeping on the floor is not appropriate."
He sighed finding Harrington was the hand's owner who added "Your Master left specific instructions to me. Such as having you wear your clothes to your wardrobe room for dropping off followed by an exchange of clothes involving exercising in a gym whatever that is. So get up now. Your Master is rather hissy about you sleeping on the floor."
Nikolai groaned softly and got up feeling himself much better rested but still tired as he found Harrington gone from sight. He eyed his leaded clothes and shoes to groan putting them on finding they were even heavier when wet. He groaned and forced himself to walk to the elevator ignoring the locker room. Nikolai forced himself to stop for rest on the way the clothes making it awkward for him to sit down and rest. 
He ignored the urge to sit to enter the elevator mentally willing forwards the Source and spoke "B...e...d..."
Nikolai found his voice sounded strained in a gasping tone as the elevator refused to move. He found the guards ignored him looking and didn't appear to help him. Nikolai groaned out his familiar command still using the gasping voice tone finding the elevator refused to budge. He felt himself fed up with the clothes and too tired to wear them anymore struggled to take them off only to get blocked by a guard.
He hearing "Clothes stripping in this elevator isn't proper Master."
He found the guards would put his clothes back onto his form after he attempted to yank them off. 
Nikolai spoke "H...e...l...p! 
He found no one answering to his help comment groaned and recalled the service elevator to stumble out of the elevator taking a slow painful crawling route towards it. He felt himself too tired to stay awake shut his eyes to come to hearing the familiar sound of a spinner's roaring noise. Nikolai rolled over he finding his body free of the leaded clothes he finding himself lying in Sodom's bed to thrust the blanket over his head sighing loudly. He got the blanket yanked with force to his annoyance along with a familiar Tsk sound heard. Nikolai opened his eyes to glare at Harrington finding the window was glowing of moonlight.
He glared at Harrington who spoke "Up Master for your training. Your trainer requests you up at this hour for your physical fitness route in question."
Nikolai gave up a spit sound in response and rolled over shutting his eyes only to feel a hand grabbing his neck in an ironclad choking hold. 
He gulped as he opened his eyes finding Nightwalker was the hand's owner yelling verbalizing words speaking "Get up!"
Nikolai jerked open his eyes from the dream to find Harrington in the room shaking his shoulder giving a sound of disapproval. 
He got up and forced himself to get up finding Harrington speaking "Just hit the public bathroom for your hygiene."
Nikolai obeyed finding the clothes for him to wear was leaded sweats that felt heavy on his form to his annoyance along with the shoes felt heavy on him. Nikolai grunted his way to the kitchen to sit down finding his food was changed to a plant animal eater's diet from the looks of it. He groaned and forced himself to eat the food finding himself terribly hungry despite finding the food tasted awful to his tongue. Nikolai grimaced from the taste but kept on eating the food till it was entirely consumed. 
He grunted his way to the elevator finding Harrington inside that spoke "Pool room is where your trainer is currently at, at the moment. Pardon me."
He found Harrington gone from the elevator gave the command for pool room's floor he finding his voice not strained to his relief. Nikolai again grunted his way to the pool room to find the trainer a female wearing sweats with Melinda's looks on her face and hair pulled back giving him a glare. 
He groaned softly as the female spoke "So its you Mister Terrain Cliff, who's Nikolai Nightwalker Junior, himself as your not referred publicity. I should have known when I got hired to do this job on a break from the force on recovering from a gunshot wound to my spine nearly put me down paralysis but I was lucky."
He gulped but didn't say a word as Melinda he assumed was her who spoke "Anyhow the name is Melinda as you'll refer me and no other name. So get yourself into the pool with your clothes on and start treading. I'm going to enjoy this."
Nikolai groaned softly hearing Melinda's I'm going to enjoy this comment. He forced himself to do whatever Melinda ordered him to do in the pool. 

Nikolai felt relief hitting him once the pool's workout was over only to get told "Come along to the weight room now. You need to put on muscles for that thinness you're displaying so shower and put on the exercise clothes I have for you in the locker room. Make it snappy now. Don't waste my time."
He obeyed without questioning Melinda's orders or complaints he thinking to himself "Must be Father's orders for me to get healthy and off Nightwalker's drugged body's obsession done onto me that got me addicted in the first place."
Nikolai heard nothing in answer to his comment as he added to himself once Melinda showed him the weight room which was in the former massage's room "Argh this better be worth it."

Nikolai recalled his comment while lying in Sodom's bedroom in Nightwalker's office's residence apartment feeling the sunlight's glare blaring onto him. He groaned from the sunlight glaring onto him while he was napping from a lengthy workout with Melinda involving the pool and weight machines. He finding Melinda joining him in the weight machines workout but ignored the pool he forced to do alone. Nikolai felt the sunlight get too much onto him thrust the blanket over his head while rolling over onto his side only to hear the familiar alarm clock's noises blaring again. He groaned forcing himself to get up from bed he finding himself still in Sodom's bedroom but this time had taken it as his new bedroom. 
He recalled to himself "I seem to be too tired to speak the command for Nightwalker's bedroom's residence apartment each time I enter the elevator. I find that I'm so tired that I have to walk out and collapsed onto the floor which someone gets me into Sodom's bedroom for a nap. I'm not sure who's doing that carrying in question-"
He got his thought interrupted by a familiar Tsk sound to groaned giving Harrington a glare sensing the Source in control as usual which he willed it aside. 
He got from Harrington speaking as always his familiar line once he got up "Your trainer is waiting for you, so make it snappy on taking in the nourishment, Master."
Nikolai forced himself to go to the kitchen to force himself to eat the awful tasting food he found his tongue got used to it enough to ignore the taste. Nikolai found himself used to the food's taste after a lengthy time period of eating it including used to the drink of a juice in an always orange color. He sighed once done eating found his sweats quit being like leaded weights to his relief and found himself able to move in it to hit the pool room for a tiring workout wearing them. 

Nikolai once in the weight room sighed once done doing the number of pulling and yanking onto the weights to Melinda's satisfaction. He felt himself still tired but felt himself able to move to the elevator despite wearing the heavy leaded sweats. He spoke once in the elevator a strained gasping word of Home to his annoyance. He found the elevator refused to budge despite he using a strained gasping voice tone. Nikolai groaned and walked out of the elevator into the hallway to strip himself of the leaded clothes followed by kneeling on the floor gasping loudly. 
He heard clapping noises to look up finding Melinda next to him clapping away that spoke "Now put your clothes back on. Going around like that isn't proper."
Nikolai groaned recalling himself clad only in his underwear that was skin tight on his form covering his sensitive parts tightly. 
He groaned and forced himself to put on the clothes and opened his mouth to speak only to get from Melinda "Just go to sleep while I carry you to the service elevator so nap now."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response collapsed onto the floor and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Nikolai came to hearing a familiar comment of "Ew! That's disgusting!"
He sighed from the sexual dream of Louisa his favorite female, getting interrupted by the Sages announcing their presence. He found himself back onto the beach facing the All Seeing One who gave him a cloudy eyed glare. 
Nikolai spoke in response "So? I'm a man I have needs."
He got a sound of disgust from All Seeing One who forced his eyes shut. He passed out unconscious to come to finding himself lying in Sodom's bed. He heard the familiar whining noises of Sodom aka Robert, he wished to be called instead of the David name, a Human drugged to become a Bloody that was now paralysis in his wheelchair once weaned of the drugs, making via contained in his wheelchair while hearing groaning sounds of another male's voice tone. Nikolai sighed recalling that it was one lunar cycle since he got assigned Melinda as his trainer who ran him ragged via the pool use and weight machines' uses. Ragged enough to collapsed onto the floor of the hallway leading to the elevator he finding himself always waking up in Robert's bed by Robert himself making his familiar whining noises. He groaned recalling that Sodom and Gomorrah once they were withdrawn from the Bloody statuses were later tossed out of the warship they were on and dumped back onto him. He kept on groaning recalling that Gomorrah took the name of Victor, despite not acknowledging his original name of Damian, who wound up playing Robert's servant to help Robert with his paralysis despite no complaints from Victor himself on it. Nikolai groaned and forced himself to get up ignoring Robert's whining he finding Victor lying on an air mattress on the floor that rolled over throwing the blanket over his head. Nikolai ignored Robert and Victor to go to the public bathroom to shower. He recalled with disgust that Melinda kept playing all sorts of jokes onto him. He felt disgust take hold recalling a joke of Melinda using a Paddy barker sounding gonoid to make him think she was losing her sight and not having a purpose to live. Nikolai felt disgust take hold recalling the joke in question as he remembered during Melinda's talk tiptoeing away after putting the Paddy down asleep using Source abilities. 
He found Melinda acting like she could see him by throwing the sunglasses onto his back and snarling in Nightwalker's familiar voice "Hit the pool you idiot!"
Nikolai found Melinda giving him a glare eyeing him with her eyes like she could see him which he wound up diving into the pool to swim while wearing the sweats on his form. He didn't comment a response as he got out of the shower stall to meet Victor and Robert inside. He found Victor giving him a glare with his permanent all black eyes and Robert displaying an all blue eyed look identified him as an Ancient One. 
Nikolai sighed recognizing the glares was speak "Get out! We want our privacy!"
Nikolai put on the sweats and didn't say a word towards Robert, who insisted on being known as his son publicity which his Father forced him to accept, and Victor walked out hearing the door slam behind him.
He heard blared overhead "The nerve of that Father of yours! Sickening us with that god awful drugged status! Yuck!"
Nikolai sighed recognizing Victor's familiar words to Nightwalker, to hear nothing more from the blaring overhead he figured "Must have found the silencer button and turned it on.'
He went to the kitchen to eat his familiar plant food and without a word gulped down his familiar orange drink then went to the elevator to take to the pool room's floor. Nikolai wound up finding Melinda pacing back and forth she indicating she was furious with something he groaned softly seeing that from her behavior.
He groaned to think to himself "Drat she's going to make it hell onto me with that mood of hers."
Nikolai found his thought coming true by Melinda doubling his workout in the pool room and forcing him to lift more weights than normal in the weight room. He felt himself itching to drop down onto the floor and snooze which he resisted to that till he reached the familiar hallway to his elevator and fell asleep onto the floor. He too tired to move from the exercising and wearing the familiar leaded sweats.

Nikolai groaned hearing the familiar whining noises from Robert waking him up from a nap while having the sunlight blaring onto his eyes. He grunted to roll over thrusting the blanket over his head. He heard an excited meow and felt Annie, Nightwalker's familiar cat that have taken a liking towards him, pouncing all over his form while he was lying underneath the blanket waking him up some more. Nikolai yanked the blanket to glare at Annie sitting on the bed bathing her tail as he found Harrington in the room holding a familiar laser device in his hand. He didn't say a word towards Harrington finding the butler faded from view. Nikolai got up and stomped out of the room to the familiar bathroom. He grunted an annoyed sound as his muscles whined in pain after awhile of not whining to his annoyance. He showered fully and then got himself into another time of working out via pool and weight machines. 

Nikolai grimaced finding Melinda seated on a bench wearing her familiar sunglasses with her Paddy snoozing next to her. He grimaced groaning as he went to sit next to her tiptoeing to sit and didn't say a word. Nikolai eyed Melinda's breasts and body form as if ogling it as he saw her look his direction followed by thrusting the sunglasses off of her eyes onto his front. 
He caught the sunglasses seeing her giving him a glare she speaking in Nightwalker's familiar voice "You bastard. You're sick in your buffoon mind ogling females. I'll see that you pay with a harder workout this time."
He grunted and tossed aside the sunglasses as he mentally ordered the Paddy to wake up finding the dog getting up in a fast move and jumping into the pool to paddle around.
Nikolai grimaced as he heard from Melinda "What the hell are you sitting around for?! Go join Shaw in the pool now!"
He groaned hearing her familiar insult using hell and went into the pool forcing himself to exercise according to her commands despite the Paddy sensed swimming all over the place while he was in there. 

Nikolai again woke up from Robert's whining he giving his son a glare who ignored him to keep on jerking in the wheelchair back and forth. 
He kept the glare as he heard loudly "Aw he's better than that noisy alarm clock. Scares me to lose daylight."
Nikolai ignored Victor's Bloody term for being freaked out scared when it involved daylight. He kept the glare and got out of bed ignoring Robert whining away and Victor groaning loudly. He hit the familiar bathroom. 

Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound once he walked out of the bathroom finding his familiar sweats were there for him to wear. He didn't comment a response to Victor locking the door behind him and pressing the silencer button he hearing the familiar beep noise. He went to the kitchen to eat his meal and then went to the elevator to take to the pool room floor finding Melinda no where in sight. Nikolai sat down on the bench with a frown seemingly lengthy finding Melinda refused to make an appearance. He sighed and with a groan forced himself into the pool recalling her instructions to his working out in there. Nikolai found Melinda in sight once he was out of the pool stripping his body of the wet sweats. He found her sitting on a bench giving him a glare with her familiar Paddy next to her. He sighed and again dived into the pool forcing himself to do what he recalled Melinda ordered him to do in there. Nikolai came out of the pool with annoyance running through him he finding that Melinda's Paddy was in the pool swimming with him. His annoyance Melinda was throwing a weight right where he was swimming to cause the Paddy to make a beeline towards him to pounce with licking and barking nearly drowning him. He felt himself enough of the Paddy's behavior to get out of the pool to stomp walk passed her intending to go to the locker room.
He heard "I didn't say that you could get out of the pool! Get back into there now!"
Nikolai ignored her Nightwalker's sneering voice comment to continue onto the locker room only to feel a Paddy's body connect from behind knocking him onto the floor. He grunted as the Paddy was felt pawing his back and barking loudly. 
Nikolai growled an annoyed sound and spoke firmly once he rolled over onto his back "Sit!"
He found the Paddy obeying to sit with head cocked ears perked while staring at him panting away with tongue sticking out. Nikolai got up to glare at Melinda who jabbed a finger aimed at him and jabbed it towards the pool she having a glare on her face. He didn't comment a response went to the pool's deep end and dived in hearing an additional splash next to him. He found the Paddy in the pool swimming around including pouncing onto him in the pool till he felt annoyance take hold. 
Nikolai grabbed the weight the Paddy was making a beeline towards and threw it away from him in another end of the pool while hearing Melinda yell "Fetch Nikolai!"
He grunted as the Paddy again made another beeline towards him ignoring the weight which he swam towards it and snagged it from underwater sitting on the pool's bottom. 
He swam up to the surface finding the Paddy again pouncing onto him he snarling loudly "Fetch!"
Nikolai found the Paddy swimming away from him after he threw the weight and was joyously going after it he threw. He resumed swimming to find Melinda kept on doing that fetch game onto him he forced to do onto the Paddy in the pool. Nikolai found his muscles quit screaming in pain from his lengthy swimming in the pool this time as he found himself enjoying playing with the Paddy he hearing Melinda call it Shaw. He found Shaw was appearing to have unlimited energy when playing the fetch game onto him in the pool as he swam in it. He heard a whistle blowing noise to find Melinda had two fingers in her mouth to find Shaw swimming away from him towards her to get out of the pool. 
He copied only to get Melinda snarling "Nikolai hit the pool now! You're not done!"
Nikolai groaned softly to resume swimming in the pool this time finding she ignored the weight room and made his pool swimming lengthy. He got out once she ordered him out to thrust Shaw's leash towards him while snickering loudly in his face. Nikolai gave up a loud Hmph sound in response as Shaw pulled the leash in his hand and made a beeline to the elevator he panting to catch up despite wearing the leaded sweats. Nikolai found himself collapsing once on arrival to the elevator finding the doors shut and Shaw barking loudly which he found himself not able to blare the sit command as he passed out unconscious.

Nikolai came to hearing barking noises sounding loudly along with an animal felt pouncing onto his front covered with a blanket. He grunted hearing the barking to jerk open his eyes to find Shaw sitting on his front pouncing away as he noticed Harrington holding a laser device in his hand. He groaned and didn't say a word got up finding Harrington giving his Tsk sound. Nikolai glared at Harrington who jabbed a finger down he finding Shaw next to him leash in the Paddy's mouth. He groaned and took the leash finding Shaw kept to his left side despite he twisting and turning around to look at the Paddy on the route to the bathroom. He frowned finding Shaw joined him into the bathroom to get into the tub giving him whining sounds while expecting him to bathe the Paddy itself. Nikolai grunted and proceeded to give Shaw a bath via tub he finding the Paddy was a male from examination and refused to budge shaking water all over the place off his fur. Nikolai didn't say a word once he got Shaw out of the tub finding a collar on the Paddy's neck he finding a tag attached. He wound up reading Shaw's name on it including an address he recognized as his home residence to growl an annoyed sound. He found Shaw jumping up to put two front paws onto his front and whining in a soft tone while giving him a look in his golden eyes. 
He groaned and spoke "Sit!"
Nikolai found Shaw obeying as he went into the shower stall to clean himself. He came out finding Robert and Victor inside giving him their familiar facial expressions. Nikolai ignored them both to put on his familiar clothes and took Shaw's leash pulling the Paddy out of the room.
He heard overhead "That Melinda is being weird sickening him a dog."
Nikolai heard the familiar beep noise to recall that dog was speak for Paddy in Human terms despite that the Paddy's name was Bloody's speak for the animal. He ignored Shaw and led the Paddy to the kitchen finding the animal going to a bowl on the floor and giving him whining noises. 
Nikolai bellowed "Harrington!"
He found Shaw barking in a loud tone to his bellowing which he added "Shaw sit!"
Shaw he saw obeyed to find Harrington in the room which he added "Where did you put Shaw's nourishment in question?"
Nikolai gave Harrington a glare who spoke "You'll find the proper food in the cooler preserver with instructions on how to feed this Shaw in question."
He opened his mouth to find Harrington fading from view only to hear Shaw resume his barking which he calmly spoke the sit command. He found Shaw obeying to yank open the cooler preserver and found paper instructions on cutting and measuring the Paddy's food. He felt annoyance take hold to hear whining tones sounding more whining from Shaw as he groaned and forced himself to prepare Shaw's food. He found Shaw gobbled up every bite of the food he prepared via instructions and didn't seem to give him any more begging for more food. He ignored Shaw and went to sit down at the table to eat his food finding the Paddy sitting next to him whining away. Nikolai ignored Shaw's begging for his food he figured was what the Paddy was doing as he ate his food and took in his drink. He found another bowl next to Shaw's food bowl to groan recalling the instructions involving giving the Paddy liquid drink of water. He once done eating went to pour water into Shaw's bowl finding the Paddy licking it seemingly lengthy before it was entirely consumed. Nikolai grunted as Shaw walked up towards him while carrying the leash in his mouth and sitting on his haunches cocking his head with a look in his eyes. He sighed recalling himself clad in fancy black sweats having nothing to indicate leaded status he recalling the instructions. 
Groaning he went to Shaw and spoke "Give."
Shaw obeyed to drop the leash's weight end into his right hand open near the Paddy's mouth. 
He sighed and took Shaw to the elevator to speak with the Source in control hearing whining from the Paddy "Lobby."
Nikolai walked out of the elevator willing aside the Source he feeling himself nervous to be outside without an escort and his first time with Shaw for the Paddy's bathroom. He walked to the receptionist as called over by the male. 
Nikolai got thrust a pair of sunglasses by the male speaking "Here put them on. Wear them while you're out and about traveling with your bodyguard in question."
He frowned hearing the receptionist refer Shaw as bodyguard to obey putting on the sunglasses and walked out of the building finding the presses weren't around but felt nervousness taking hold. He gripped the leash tighter in his hand and found Shaw stuck closed to his left side while he was walking in the sunlight of the new day in the city of Elizabethan Town despite no longer having the eternal darkness shield in place. Nikolai kept on walking till he spotted a patch of green indicating grass on the sidewalk led Shaw to it and found the Paddy using it as his personal bathroom. 
He grunted as he heard loudly "Hey stranger! Aren't you going to pick up that mess your dog made?! It's a law ordinance to pick up messes by dogs you stinking owners have balked on doing!"
Nikolai looked up finding a store front for periodicals, beer and electronic cigarettes with the shop clerk in the doorway giving him a glare. He sighed sensing nothing from Shaw to find the Paddy was sniffing the patch of grass and ignoring him.
Nikolai spoke loudly "You got something for me to pick up the mess Sir?"
He got tossed a paper bag by the shop clerk who spoke after he caught it "Just don't forget to travel around without them baggies for dog's messes. I don't give a care if you toss that bag in my refuse can. Just as long as you clean up the mess your dog made and throw it away. I don't care to get complaints of kids playing with that crap from parents angry with me on that."
He sighed and didn't say a word forced himself to use the bag to pick up Shaw's solid waste to find the Paddy's liquid waste remained absorbed into the ground. 
"Cut that out now stranger!" He heard from the shop clerk who added "Just pick up the solid waste and throw it out. Ignore the liquid waste. You must be a new dog owner by your cluelessness."
Nikolai didn't comment a response towards the shop clerk as he picked up Shaw's solid waste via paper bag and adjusted it to be completely bagged. He carried the bag to the shop clerk that jabbed a finger in a direction he finding the refuse can sitting on another patch of lawn. He sighed and carried the bag to the refuse can and tossed it into it. Nikolai groaned as he found Shaw pulling onto the leash in a direction away from his residence building to find the Paddy running ahead of him he forced to follow hand still tightly holding the leash's end. He found himself jogging in response following Shaw that led the way with fallbacks to be at his left side from time to time he finding the Paddy led him around in a circle around his home building. He found himself agreeing with the jogging found his muscles didn't whine in pain from the running as he and Shaw jogged. Nikolai jogged till his home building came into sight to find Shaw going to his left side and remained there stuck like glue. He sighed and walked inside finding the receptionist shouting at a female carrying a pair of cameras in her hands. Nikolai tuned out the receptionist's shouting finding the male was distracting the female press person from noticing his arrival. He quietly found Shaw quiet and ignoring the noise to go to the familiar elevator. He found his guards inside shutting the doors via manual switch in a console and resumed their guarding positions with blank expressions on their faces. Nikolai spoke the command for bed finding the elevator going up seemingly lengthy only to stop at not at his desired floor but to the floor to his office. 
He sighed as the computer was heard "Inappropriate timing for sleeping."
Groaning he walked into the office's floor and ignored his computer's chatter. He found Shaw giving off whining noises which he groaned and unclipped the leash off of Shaw's collar and placed it onto the side table near the elevator. He found Shaw sniffing a pile of stuffed gonoid toys in a basket underneath a table to hear a loud meow sounding of Annie in an irritated tone. 
Nikolai spoke firmly recalling the instructions for Shaw's behavior to treat his now owned cat Annie "Shaw off." 
He found Shaw quit the sniffing to go to his left side and stand there whining with a look in his eyes. He groaned recalling the instructions for Shaw to be fed three meals a day at timed intervals after he ate his meal. 
Nikolai recalled the instructions said "Play a game of fetch with the dog as in throwing the ball and having him chase it to get it and return it to you which you're to keep on tossing it."
Nikolai bellowed for Harrington finding Shaw barking once the butler made an appearance he giving out the sit command fully towards the Paddy.
He spoke towards Harrington "Do you know where Shaw's toys and bed is?"
He frowned as Harrington shook his head in a no gesture and got from the butler "I'm told that everything for you and your dog has been placed into your residences locations your to find where they are."
Nikolai groaned and found himself wandering around the apartment looking for Shaw's bed and toys he finding the Paddy again sniffing the pile of stuffed gonoid toys while hearing Annie's familiar meow. He went to examine the toys finding Annie not in the basket but a toy shaped like a cat giving off a meow sound when squeezed. He sighed seeing Shaw act excited by bouncing around him including bouncing onto him. He groaned and tossed the toy into the hallway to find Shaw joyfully chasing it to pick it up hearing it give off the familiar meow sound once in Shaw's jaws. Nikolai found Shaw seemed endlessly amused by the game of fetch the toy he kept on throwing into the hallway only to toss it to Victor who caught it while standing in the hallway. He found Shaw bouncing onto Victor who handed the Paddy the toy who gripped it before lying on the floor appearing to be chewing it. 
He heard multiple meows sounding from the toy as he got from Victor "Who's your new friend?"
Nikolai found himself blurting "His name is Shaw my bodyguard."
He felt himself annoyed with what he blurt as he glared at Victor who spoke "Yah I know what you mean by bodyguard and what the dog's duty involves in that. Robert's been throwing a hissy fit on you not having a bodyguard to protect you while you're out in public. He wants your bodyguard to be friendly enough to make people see you in friendly terms but stay away from you."
Nikolai sighed as he heard "Wannabe!"
He kept the glare aimed at Victor hearing Robert's familiar bellowing for Victor himself using the name of wannabe to find the male darting away he hearing snickering laughter from him. He grunted once he felt Shaw put his familiar two paws onto his front while hearing a familiar meow from the toy squeezed into the Paddy's jaws. Nikolai sighed and took the toy from Shaw to toss into the hallway finding the dog seemed endless with his game of fetch. 

Nikolai found Harrington next to him after Shaw gave up his familiar barking noise after an endless time of throwing the toy for the Paddy to fetch.
He gave Harrington a glare who spoke "Your trainer wants you in the pool for a workout now. She's not taking no for an answer when I tried to put her off."
Nikolai groaned and got from Harrington "You'll find the proper garments in the public bathroom."
He sighed and ordered towards Shaw "Heel come."
Nikolai found Shaw going to his left side to stand next to him which he went to the public bathroom to find Robert inside with Victor. He ignored Robert sitting in the tub finding Victor giving his son a bath both giving him glares. Nikolai found Shaw breaking the silence by giving off several loud barks. 
He heard from Robert "I see that Daddy got a furry friend to amuse himself-"
Nikolai exhaled a breath as he put on the bathing suit stuck onto his skin shorts exchanging his clothes during Robert's talk.
He hearing Victor interrupted "That's his bodyguard Shaw actually."
A loud Hmph answered Victor as he ignored both males and left the bathroom finding Shaw sticking to his left side without the leash. He took the elevator to the pool room's floor to find Melinda inside seated on a bench with a book in her hand she giving him a glare. He ignored Melinda's glare finding she was reading a trashy romance novel by the couple in a clinch on the cover. Nikolai jumped into the pool finding Shaw jumping with him. He found Melinda managed to get him in playing a game of fetch with Shaw while in the pool on her verbal orders and she tossing him a weight into the water. Nikolai kept up the game of fetch in the pool till he heard the familiar whistle blast to find Shaw getting out but she giving him a glare when he made a motion to get out of the pool. He sighed and forced himself to swim in the pool lengthy till her whistle blast sounded again. Nikolai got out of the pool finding Shaw sticking to his side again as he walked up towards Melinda to grab her and without a word dipped her and laid a kiss onto her lips. He felt Melinda patting his cheek as he noisily kissed her then straightened up their forms before breaking off the kiss and the hug hold. 
Nikolai got Melinda thrusting him her book onto his front she giving him a glare and snarling "Don't do that again!"
He heard the laughter like tone in her voice as he gripped her book to read the back cover finding it was a romance novel like he thought but during the United States' forming during a revolution of having their own royal family. 
Nikolai frowned as Melinda snatched her book from him and got from her "Go shower and hit the weight room now."
He obeyed finding Shaw insisting on getting wet in the shower's water he ignored the Paddy spraying water everywhere. He put on his clothes of sleeveless top and shorts and sneakers and with Shaw at his side went into the weight room. He found Melinda inside that was engrossed in her book he hearing her snickering as he went around doing weightlifting. Nikolai ignored Melinda's snickering finding she wasn't really reading her book instead was ogling him working on the weight machines and having a hand covering her mouth. He sighed once he had an enough of Melinda's laughter walked up towards Melinda and stood leaning towards her with the Source in control.
He found Melinda quit her snickering like behavior when he spoke "Something funny? You care to tell me the joke?"
Nikolai glared at Melinda who in response resumed reading her book he resumed doing his weights. He again heard Melinda's familiar snickering like laughter gave up a loud roaring noise to hear Shaw barking in response. He quit the roaring feeling his mood foul to glare at Melinda as Shaw kept on barking loudly. 
Nikolai stomped towards Melinda and snatched the book out of her grip and stuck his face into her face while snarling "Tell me what's funny now!"
He felt a hand tapping him on the shoulder to remove himself finding his Father standing next to him with the Source in control the male speaking in Nightwalker's creepy voice tone "What did I say regarding you and females hmm?"
Nikolai groaned hearing silence from Shaw but whining noises sounding sad to him as he willed aside the Source and found his Father faded from view. He grunted feeling paws of Shaw pouncing onto his front he finding himself lying on his back on a mat he shaking sleepiness off of him. Nikolai found Melinda in the room holding her familiar laser pointer onto him making Shaw pounce onto him. He grunted and without a word forced himself to get up with a trained karate acrobatic move. Nikolai didn't say a word in response towards Melinda as he proceeded to do his Kata in karate he learned from living as the President of Brazil in some dancing acrobatic move while on the mat in a space between weight machines. 
He kept up the karate finding Melinda ordering him "Do it again."
Nikolai sighed and kept up the karate movements finding her putting on a large arm bag of cloth over her left arm and got from her yelling "Defend yourself now!"
He sighed finding her attacking him with a bat in her right hand and getting the arm bag bit by Shaw while he defended himself with karate despite Shaw's repeated biting onto the arm's area. Nikolai found Melinda halted the exercise to allow Shaw to run around the room with the arm's bag in his mouth the Paddy looking like he was proud to him. He sighed and found himself not too tired to go to the elevator on Melinda's order. Nikolai found Shaw dropped the arm's bag and stuck to his side going to the elevator this time he ordering for his office's location. 
He found the computer got the elevator to his bedroom's location he hearing from the computer mind "Sleep mode time required."
Sighing he left the elevator sensing Shaw sticking to him like an appendage which he found the Paddy kept up the guarding behavior when he used Nightwalker's familiar hand wave trick to get the bedroom's door open and unlocked. He walked inside taking a route to the bedroom to find Shaw getting onto the bed and flopping down on his side he hearing nothing from the Paddy but a soft snoring noise. 
Nikolai groaned thinking to himself "What am I supposed to be doing with my life anyway?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question laid his form down onto the bed and ordered "Lights off."
Nikolai shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to feeling the familiar pouncing by a cat onto his front. He jerked open his eyes finding Annie pouncing all over his front while chasing a laser light he finding Shaw ignoring the cat and ignoring the laser's light with head up staring at him. 
Nikolai groaned and forced himself to get up hearing "You have an agenda for the day sir."
He sighed hearing Eli he dubbed the computer's name's familiar voice spoke "Tell me what it is while I go attend to my hygiene."
Nikolai forced himself to listen to Eli's droning he finding the computer mind mentioning a schedule including taking Shaw out for his personal bathroom multiple times during the day. 
He sighed and attended to his hygiene then he got dressed into his familiar sweats only to hear "New agenda assigned."
Nikolai groaned softly and spoke "Receive."
He heard from Eli "You have a meeting in Elizabethan Town's Bloody Red's facilities with one Barry Goldwater as soon as possible."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response he figuring to himself "Barry wants me out and about around town instead of living like a recluse."
He didn't say a word instead exchanged his clothes to his familiar black button top and dressy pants including fixing on his sneakers and brushed his hair leaving it down. Nikolai found Shaw walking next to him as he went to the elevator recalling the Paddy needed nourishment and he needed the same too. He took the elevator to his office's floor to go to the kitchen and followed the instructions this time making sure he ate his food first to establish pack leadership. Nikolai after he ate and drank made sure to feed Shaw his nourishment including water to drink. He found the leash on the table where he left it in the hallway and clipped it on he recalling Shaw needed to use outside for his personal bathroom. Nikolai found Harrington next to him after hearing Shaw giving off his familiar bark sound indicating the butler in vicinity. 
He sighed and spoke firmly "Thank you Shaw. Harrington?"
He glared at Harrington who spoke "The vehicle from Crimson City as their now referred instead of Bloody Red's office is on the route and will be arriving shortly. So go down and wait for the receptionist to give you word."
He spoke firmly "What about Shaw and his needs such as bathroom?"
Nikolai got Harrington fading from view in response making him snarl "Typical butler never answering questions I want asked."
He heard a bark from Shaw to find Victor in the hallway tossing him a paper bag he caught and got told "Just see that the dog doesn't poop and pee on the sidewalk in front of the entrance. Sidewalks are fine just as long as you clean up the poop."
Nikolai ignored Victor in response to take Shaw via leash to the elevator and gave the order to lobby. He walked out of the elevator finding the receptionist giving him a pity look when seeing Shaw with him he ignored. Nikolai walked out of the building going to the gutter lying on the side and verbally ordered via Melinda's instructions for Shaw to poop and pee. He found Shaw obeying to his order and picked up the poop via paper bag to find a trash can nearby. 
He tossed the bag holding the crap he called it and walked inside to the receptionist that spoke "Your vehicle is parked at the curb now."
He found the vehicle a van but sleeker and appeared to be a covered utility vehicle parked on the curb. Nikolai walked out of the lobby finding the driver wearing a Bloodies' guard uniform opening the car door for him from standing next to it. He recalled Melinda's instructions got inside Shaw first then followed with the driver slamming the door. He buckled up his seatbelt and kept a firm grip onto the leash as the driver got into the vehicle. 
Nikolai heard once the vehicle was started up "The seatbelt is set for your dog to be harnessed to it out of safety's sakes."
He found the seatbelt in the seat was what the driver said regarding Shaw and his harness hooked up the belts onto it. He stood with arms folded peering out the window through the see through window it showing blackness outside as the driver drove through the city. Nikolai found a crowd of people gathered outside the facility's main office building some holding signs. He found the driver driving the vehicle into the garage room despite security armed guards keeping the crowd out with their nasty guns pointed at them. Nikolai got out of the vehicle as let out via driver he letting Shaw come out first he following finding the Paddy sticking to his left side as he held the leash. He wordlessly followed a guard into the building's main office's private elevator he using Nightwalker's voice commands to get the elevator moving to the office. Nikolai sensed Shaw tense via vibration on the leash getting onto his hand. He kept a tight hold onto Shaw's leash as the elevator reached the main office's floor to walk out finding armed guards in the hallway to his annoyance. He went to the main office to find Barry seated in a seat at the desk that gave him a glare. 
Nikolai found Barry ignored Shaw accompanying him as he spoke firmly "Out with it now!"
He glared at Barry who threw a rolled newspaper he caught one handed to maneuver it while holding onto Shaw's leash to read the headline. 
Nikolai grimaced finding the headline saying "Murdered!"
He looked at Barry who spoke "Read what's included. I cut out the junk in it."
Nikolai obeyed to read he finding "Nightwalker murdered for exposing a cover up by the Crimson City company, involving illegal dumping of garbage into the ocean. A wide path of garbage found strewn in the ocean with currents originate to Crimson City's company's wharf and loading dock in Brazil. The President is furious to find out and is thinking of having legal action against Crimson City company for that dumping. One legal action is dissolving the Crimson City company and fining them their entire money earnings reportedly one billion lei a year in their products."
He groaned softly to realize with a start why he was given Shaw as he spoke loudly once done reading the article "Hence I given Shaw as my bodyguard."
Nikolai got Barry giving him an ahem sound loudly which he frowned staring at the male warily.
He frowned as Barry spoke in response "That newspaper in question I handed you is actually a tabloid periodical and not a truth teller news."
Nikolai frowned sensing Shaw wanted to lie down on his tummy obeyed to release the leash letting it drop.
He spoke "Then why is there a crowd gathered outside the building?"
Nikolai frowned further as Barry quit the glare to his relief followed by the male speaking "That crowd in question was supporters issuing that they love the Crimson City company despite a hugely popular Senator answering to the name of Michael Mikaela, Uncle of your personal trainer Melinda herself, publicity trashed the company during a speech in Parliament."
He exhaled a breath and rolled up the newspaper to toss onto the desk he hearing Barry had an edge in his voice tone. 
Nikolai spoke firmly "What's got Mister Mikaela to throw a hissy fit?"
He frowned as Barry spoke firmly "That hissy fit is the result of Mister Mikaela's younger brother, Mike Mikaela, don't ask me why he's named that despite the similarities of the names, Father of Melinda herself whining of his daughter seemingly smitten with Nikolai Nightwalker as your publicity known, and didn't approve of the pairing."
Nikolai groaned softly to get Barry giving him an all blue eyed glare which he spoke firmly "All I did was give Melinda a kiss on the lips acting out a hero from her romance novel she was reading in front of me when I finished swimming in the pool. That must be when she started being smitten."
He got Barry's look becoming more glaring groaned softly and spoke "Melinda played stunts of being blind to me when introducing Shaw to me. I did terrible with treating her playing blind during the times she played that stunt. I wound up ogling her body once during her playing a blind person stunt. She didn't take that ogling very well instead took off her sunglasses and threw it at me. Then one time I met her in the pool room she reading a romance novel by the couple on the front in a clinch. I know it's a romance novel from seeing that trash from a cleaning servant of Nightwalker's leaving books like it scattered around his original residence office in hiding places till he fired her. As for Melinda all I did was just kiss her but in some dipping hold taking her by surprise."
Nikolai heard barking from Shaw sounding of indicating visitors arriving from the noise sounding of announcing Harrington's arrival. He found Shaw quit the barking when the door to the office opened behind him he turning around to look with arms folded. Nikolai gulped finding Senator Michael Mikaela entering the office with a glare on his face. He found the Senator's glare become more glaring when the male's eyes fell onto him he gulped. 
Nikolai heard from Barry in response "Excuse me for not getting up. Bad limp and you know how it is."
He found the Senator without a word entering the office hearing the guard slam the door behind the male. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Senator spoke "Why is my niece raving about Shaw in some hero worship term?"
Nikolai felt his lying detector sense going off abruptly kept his mouth shut while adjusting one of his hands to be seen by Barry from its arm folded position he sideway facing the male to indicate the lying. 
Barry he heard spoke "Define this hero worship you're talking about Senator."
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the Senator spoke firmly "My niece came home raving about some guy named Shaw she admitted underneath my questioning was Nikolai himself here."
He sensed the male was partially lying gave the signal and waited for Barry to speak he hearing "Nikolai what's the dog's name anyway?"
Nikolai found Shaw off his left spoke "Shaw, Go to Senator. Paw him."
He found Shaw obeying to find the Senator grunting an annoyed sound and snarling "You mean the guy she was raving was a simple dog?!"
Nikolai spoke firmly "Shaw heel!"
He found Shaw obeying to hear from Barry "What line of work does your niece do anyway?"
He glared at the Senator who rolled his eyes sky ward and focused his eyes onto Barry, the male speaking "Sheesh I didn't realize that she was training a dog to be a bodyguard to Nikolai himself. No wonder she raved about Shaw and made it seem like she was smitten with him. Hmph."
Barry spoke "I admit it that Nikolai is quite a ladies man. He flatters the ladies but when it comes to marriage he's never committed."
Nikolai exhaled a breath hearing Barry's barb aimed at him to keep his focus onto the Senator who spoke "Alright my niece raved about another male named Bixler which I'll be sure to ask her out if it's a dog she's raving about. She's quite a dog lover. Loves dogs enough to do anything to help them find a purpose in life instead of sitting in cage waiting for someone to adopt them. Sheesh. Excuse me for wasting your time."
He heard from Barry "Hold on a minute Senator."
Nikolai frowned finding the Senator looking at Barry who added "There's a matter of a public speech that was said using inappropriate wording towards the Crimson City company. Just tell the public that you had a bad day and took it out onto Nikolai and his company with your wording. Screw the apology publicity. It's embarrassing."
Nikolai frowned finding Barry's voice tone seemed serious to find the Senator giving him a hand salute of respects Bloodies' style and left the office without a word. He groaned loudly only to hear an ahem noise from Barry.
Nikolai eyed Barry to find the male speaking "What do you know of Melinda Mikaela hmm?"
He spoke firmly "I met her when I was accused of murder involving this Bloody king named Nightwalker at the police precinct. She was there in the interrogation room when I was questioned. I admit it I spent one full planetary cycle in the Brazilian President's position withdrawing from the drugs and nourishment Nightwalker was polluting my body with I as a food slave. After that I got thrown into an exercise program with Melinda as my personal trainer. She admitted at first to being recovering from a bullet wound to her back near her spine at our first training session. She ran me ragged through the training and played blind stunts when introducing Shaw to me. Besides she didn't do much to get Shaw to be paired with me. Instead just thrust the leash onto me and got me to care for him which I wound up with him as my bodyguard."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line finding Barry speaking "Alright."
Nikolai groaned softly hearing Barry speaking gibberish language to get the Source thrown in control while hearing a groan from Shaw and an arf sound from the Paddy. He picked up the leash only to find Shaw lying still not moving as he realized that Barry was playing a joke again. He groaned softly as he forced himself to play the joke of Shaw being poisoned to death via needle to his disgust. Nikolai found Barry's stunt quit by Barry giving off his familiar tut sound he finding the Senator in the room looking nervous and appearing to be gulping as he heard a Paddy's bark. He found Shaw pawing him in the front and barking furiously. 
Nikolai willed aside the Source to get from Barry "Leave the room, Junior."
He obeyed despite the name of Junior used by Barry to indicate his fondness towards him. He went to go to the elevator only to find Shaw biting onto a guard's hand having a syringe held into it. Nikolai found the other guard in the elevator attacking him trying to get a syringe injected into his neck. He wound up having to use karate combative art moves onto the guard knocking him out followed by attacking the other guard. Nikolai attacked the other guard knocking the male out then grabbed Shaw's leash finding the Paddy going to his left side and standing at attention waiting. He ignored the guards lying on the floor and ordered the elevator to move he finding it still. Nikolai gave up a loud Hmph sound as the elevator went to the garage room. He walked out going to the vehicle only to sense tension from Shaw via leash he figured he was going to be attacked again. Nikolai found the attacker attacking while clad in padded clothing swinging a bat aimed at him and ignoring Shaw biting the attacker's arms. He proceeded to do some kicking and fisting to knock aside the attacker's bat followed by the attacker darting away in some klutzy running move. He sighed and let go of the leash to find Shaw charging towards the attacker to hit the person from behind via body attack that knocked them onto the ground and remained seated onto the attacker's back. Nikolai didn't say a word in response to Shaw's body attack only to hear a whistle blast to find Melinda coming into view that got Shaw off of the attacker's back and going to her side to sit next to her. He sighed and willed aside the Source while frowning as he found Melinda walking up towards him to throw an object he caught. Nikolai found the object was a recording device to frown turning it on finding it was flashing images of the United States' President's familiar symbol. 
He frowned as he heard "Greetings Nikolai Nightwalker Junior. Your seeing this recording on my orders to test you on self defense and if your willing to work with an animal for keeping yourself alive."
He sighed and saw the President's symbol flash to something else he recognized as a male shooting a person via the back of the head execution style he hearing Melinda hiss loudly. Nikolai frowned as the recording continued to show the person lying on the ground get turned over by the male showing the individual as Melinda herself who's eyes were open wide. He groaned softly as Melinda he eyed gestured for him to keep watching which he obeyed. Nikolai wound up to find the male turning around to face the camera he saw was wearing a cop's uniform that shot the recorder via projectile gun which went out. 
He saw the scene change to show the President's familiar symbol he frowning thinking to himself "Why am I shown this?"
Nikolai heard nothing in answer to his question to find a voice speaking "The shooter has been identified as a cop named Leroy Jones who Melinda was after for the murder of a female prostitute named Daisy Mathews."
He hissed loudly as he continued to listen "Mister Jones is currently running for an elected position as Governor of Brazil, with the United States' government, despite Brazil annexed and leadership title called Governor instead of President, with backing via the Mikaela brothers in question. That backing has turned out to be very strongly held legally despite the contents of this shooting recording broadcasted within Elizabethan Town State as the United States now call Rio Pluto and other counties nearby. Brazil is now separated into multiple states at the moment with various names. Mister Jones has said that he's innocent of the shooting that nearly took out Melinda Mikaela with support in the police department of Elizabethan Town State's capital city of Elizabethan Town. Melinda has been fired from her police job and forced to train Paddies on the side for acting as bodyguards to people well known in public."
He shifted to eye Melinda as he found the recording quit which he threw it to her she caught. Nikolai didn't say a word in response instead gave her a glare. 
He found she appeared to gulp followed by her speaking "The retiring governor of Elizabethan Town State has taken my side in this matter because he doesn't like Mister Jones to be elected to his position. His Excellency despite still using President's seal images in recordings, is willing to do anything to keep Mister Jones from being elected including helping me bring him down to justice."
Nikolai exhaled a breath and willed aside the glare while jabbing a finger aimed at Shaw to find Melinda looking at the Paddy and then looking at him.
She added "Shaw is actually the family dog trained to bodyguard anyone in the family. My Father was using him as a bodyguard but Shaw has developed a strong dislike towards my Father and his twin brother in question. My Father insists that I give him to you to be body guarded for Shaw to have purpose in life."
Nikolai heard groaning noises to sigh finding the padded attacker helped up by Melinda with Shaw not giving off any barking or biting seen. He went to the vehicle to find Melinda had followed him which he opened the car's door and waited watching as she and the attacker got inside with Shaw. He shut the door behind them and felt a compulsion to walk away which he obeyed to go to the elevator taking it to the main office's floor. Nikolai walked out going to the office to find Barry inside still seated at the desk giving the Senator a glare of accusation on his face. He found the Senator was appearing to be gulping and looking nervous to him. 
Nikolai opened his mouth to speak only to get Barry holding up a hand towards him palm out his sign for "Be quiet."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and found Barry holding up a familiar device he recognized as a recording black out device and pressing it followed by hearing "Alright Leroy Jones a former cop running for Governor's position as leader of Elizabethan Town State admits that he shot Melinda in an attempt to kill her. He used his good guy position in the force and among the public as temporary Mayor of Elizabethan Town the capital city to make it seem like he was framed for the shooting. He threatened to go after her again if I and my twin, or pouch brother, didn't back him strongly in the election at the moment."
Nikolai hissed a breath hearing the Senator's confession to find Barry turning on the recorders and then followed by hearing "Nikolai escort the Senator to his vehicle since he doesn't have a bodyguard at the moment."
He obeyed hearing silence from the Senator as they left the office to take the main public elevator and took it to the lobby which he stood watching the male leave to face the crowd giving off jeering comments.
He sighed and stood with arms folded to hear overhead via speakers "Crimson City has my support now."
Nikolai sighed hearing the Senator's voice and words who was heard adding "I admit it to the company's president that I was having a bad day of being late to the Parliament's meeting that caused me to blame Crimson City company for my lateness. The lateness sort of stressed me out and caused me to have some kind of angry attitude which I wound up making Crimson City company a victim of that. Excuse me."
He saw the Senator leave to enter a vehicle to gasp seeing the driver dart away instead of going back inside followed by the limo bursting into an eater fireball as crowds outside hit the ground and ran off. He grunted an annoyed sound as he found his guards standing around him with guns cocking sounded. Nikolai didn't say a word in response went to the private elevator escorted by guards and went inside using the Source to get the thing to Barry's office's floor. He walked out finding guards already in the hallway. 
Nikolai frowned as he walked into Barry's office to find Barry yelling at him while peering from behind his desk "Shut the door now!"
He obeyed to find the Senator alive to his shock coming out of the desk into view with Barry resuming in sitting down in the chair.
Nikolai frowned as Barry spoke "All Seeing One, you know what to do regarding one Michael Mikaela."
He saw the Senator disappear as if fading from view using the Bloodies' super speed trick, as Barry he saw pressed the familiar device activating the recorders. 
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Barry spoke "That incident of the eater eating the Senator's car will be pointed towards the Crimson City company in question once word of his last broadcast to the public gets out."
Nikolai spoke in a flat tone he hearing Barry's voice having an edge in it like the male wasn't going to fully say what he wanted to speak "Anything else?"
Barry spoke "Just get yourself home to your residence now. Nothing you can do here."
Nikolai obeyed to walk out of the office to his private elevator taking it to the garage room which he found a driver in front of a tinted black window sedan opening the door for him. He sighed and walked inside to find Shaw he assumed was the Paddy inside with harness hooked up to the seatbelt. He heard Shaw's whining sounded different this time to examine the Paddy's collar and nametag. 
He found a name "Delancy."
Nikolai sighed and found Delancy nametag included his home address as the driver was sensed getting into the vehicle and driving it out of the garage room further into the city of Elizabethan Town. He peered out the windows with a frown as the vehicle arrived to his residence building to find a crowd gathered outside he gulped seeing that they appeared to be hostile. Nikolai got out with Delancy and found police holding back the crowd some hear yelling insults aimed at him and calling him various names he hearing them accuse him of murder involving Michael Mikaela. Nikolai held onto Delancy's leash as the cops escorted him into the building which he found the blast doors slamming after he and them got inside. 
Nikolai frowned as one of the cops got in front of him speaking "A word of your time Mister Crimson." 
He kept his mouth shut despite the name of Mister Crimson used as the cop added "Tell me what did you know of Senator Michael Mikaela's exact reason for trashing your company which you and your minions retaliated by blowing up his vehicle?"
He heard ahem sounds sounded loudly to will forwards the Source getting the cop gulping followed by willing aside the mental ability.
The cop spoke "Just answer my question."
Nikolai spoke firmly "The meeting between I and the Senator was recorded fully. I will have the recordings submitted to the presses-"
He was interrupted "Recordings manipulated to show your point of view Mister Crimson. Don't play us on this recording talk now."
Nikolai sensed Delancy tense via the leash gripped it tighter in his hand while folding his arms and giving the cop a glare. 
He kept the glare as he willed forwards the Source finding the male adding "Cut it with the eye trick you're displaying now Mister Crimson."
He willed aside the Source and spoke firmly "Is there something you're not telling me-"
He was again interrupted "I was going to ask you the same question. So raise the blast doors now. I insist you go to the precinct to be questioned since your not cooperating with our questions."
Nikolai found the cop smirking as other cops closed ranks around them both he sensing nothing from Delancy in response to that. 
Nikolai ignored the cops instead spoke firmly "Just get this interrogation over with and get out now!"
He glared at the cop that kept up the smirking followed by the male speaking "Arrest this idiot for not cooperating now!"
He found the cops refused to move or budge to do the cop's order instead walked away breaking the circle. Nikolai found some of the cops he spied doing Nightwalker's deity lord's gestures aimed at him as they walked away he finding the familiar cop was no longer smirking. 
He kept the glare aimed at the cop who spoke "One way or the other I will have you arrested for murder Mister Crimson."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response walked away with Delancy still accompanying his left side and went into his private elevator finding the guards inside shutting the doors via manual way. He ordered the elevator to go to his office he feeling his pouch connection to Helena vibrating to his annoyance. Nikolai walked out of the elevator once it reached the floor and unclipped Delancy's leash finding the Paddy was still following him to his office. 
He found Helena seated in his office's chair an all blue eyed glare aimed at him with her familiar expression of "Admit it what you did wrong." seen via her face looking twin to Nightwalker's expression.
Nikolai ignored Delancy heard giving off growling noises as he spoke "Helena I had nothing to do with that car explosion that took out Senator Michael Mikaela. It was someone else who did it just to make Crimson City company look bad-"
"Bad mad!" He was interrupted by Helena who added "I wasn't indicating that car explosion you're babbling about!"
He sighed as she continued "I was indicating on why my sweetie Michael Mikaela was kept alive and dumped onto our no good Father at the moment. What's up with the dumping when he could have been dumped onto me stuck in some backwater town in the United States' state of Yukon?"
Nikolai spoke with sarcasm "Jeez sister is that why your here? Just to whine about this to me? Why don't you whine to Father about it instead?"
He gave Helena a Source glare to find her rolling her eyes ceiling ward and rubbing a hand over her forehead followed by focusing her eyes onto him and snarling "Nightwalker from his restlessness in the Underworld gave up one of his stupid 'I'm the great' jokes again. He was up to something regarding that joke he habitually says when he played it onto me a restless soul wandering with him. Nightwalker or whatever name he prefers at the moment was using that familiar tone to indicate a jokey stunt was going to be played when he blared his familiar wording onto me."
Nikolai spoke in response still using sarcasm "So? I can't do a thing to that jokey status he pulls onto you. I wasn't spared either when he played it onto me when he was alive himself. So where have you been anyway despite you stuck in the Underworld?"
He kept the glare as there was a cat's meow heard he frowned recognizing the noise as a Paddy's toy to find Delancy sitting next to him holding onto a toy in his mouth. He sighed and took the toy after giving off the give command and tossed it out of the office shutting the doors behind the Paddy. 
Nikolai spoke while focusing onto Helena who removed her hand off her forehead "So talk on what you wanted to say that you couldn't say in front of Delancy."
He kept the glare to find Nightwalker's familiar voice sounding in his mind in a laughing tone making him confused to find himself in the air landing into his pool from the looks of it with clothes and all including his shoes. Nikolai heard an additional splash as he fell into the pool. He found Delancy dumped into the pool with him along with he finding the Paddy swimming on the surface. Nikolai broke the surface to find Melinda standing there throwing a weight and speaking her familiar fetch command towards him as he found another Paddy jumping into the pool to join Delancy. Nikolai didn't comment a response caught the weight as Helena he saw got herself out of the water and was wringing her waist length hair. He sighed and found Helena ignoring him and saw her disappear in a Bloodies' fading from view method while hearing snickering laughter sounding of the Sages to him. Nikolai swam in the pool forcing himself to swim with his clothes and shoes fetch games onto the Paddies he finding the Paddy he figured was Shaw and Delancy getting along fine to him. He found himself fed up with swimming got out of the pool as Melinda marched up towards him she having a glare on her face. He gave her a glare in response as she halted once in front of him an arm length away and looked him up and down. Nikolai kept the glare while folding his arms his clothes tight on his form and plastering him uncomfortably. 
He glared as Melinda spoke "Get out of your clothes and hit the locker room. I'm not done with you."
Nikolai heard Nightwalker's voice in her voice tone ignored it to go to the locker room to strip himself of his clothes leaving him naked to get underneath the shower's faucet. His senses blared warning abruptly to find Melinda in the shower room's doorway giving him an all blue eyed glare of an Ancient One as he showered. He ignored her staring at him and kept on scrubbing himself all over not sparing his sensitive part as he sensed the Paddies' presence by their toenails clicking onto the shower's floor. Nikolai once done showering got a towel and dried himself fully then put on his work out clothes for weight room and stood with arms folded a glare aimed at Melinda who quit the Ancient One's look. He kept the glare as she shook her head followed by going to the weight room he following her inside. Nikolai didn't comment a response towards Melinda as she ran him ragged on the weights including setting the treadmill machine for the Paddies to run on them on her orders. 
Nikolai felt like he had an enough of Melinda's glare of accusation spoke firmly towards her he ignoring that he was sounding of Nightwalker voice in control "Your uncle admitted to me that a Mister Leroy Jones admitted to shooting you to him. Mister Jones is currently running for Governor's position involving running Elizabethan Town State as her leader. Your uncle admitted that Mister Jones threatened harm, if he and his brother, your Father didn't back him in the election. That admittance was said in front of another employee of my company who cut the recorders on my orders for this to be said."
He glared at Melinda finding her removing her face via mask option hearing nothing from the Paddies in response and found two cops coming into the room making him annoyed to see. 
He kept the glare while folding his arms as fake Melinda handed the cops a recording device finding one speaking "There's good cops and bad cops Mister Crimson. Just keep yourself out of this situation between us cops now. This is just a warning for you'll find yourself at the wrong end of the cops' anger if you interfere in question."
Nikolai spoke still keeping Nightwalker's voice in control "Is there anything I should know regarding one Melinda Mikaela?"
He got from the fake Melinda after putting back her mask she speaking "It was her shooting that pointed out this corruption happening on the force in question. Just let us cops handle it. Stay out of this situation now, Mister Crimson."
Nikolai didn't comment a response as the cops took leave while leaving him alone with fake Melinda he forcing himself to go to a treadmill machine and run onto it in a furious pace he feeling his mood bad as usual. He ignored the Paddies running next to him via machines and kept up the furious running till the machine quit its movement to find the female had slammed a hand onto the stop button on the console. 
Nikolai gave her a glare in response and spoke "Just what name I should refer you now?"
He stood giving her a glare finding the female speaking "Just refer me as Melinda aka Melinda Mikaela."
Nikolai spoke firmly after willing aside the Source "Just tell your boss to inform me of the situation once you solve it yourselves. I like to know when my interference is needed and not needed since you don't want it."
He kept the glare as Melinda he figured he'll refer her spoke "Aw get into the shower and do something about the stinky smell your giving off. You got the dogs sniffing your feet."
He sighed and went to the shower room followed by Melinda to strip himself of his clothes and shoes. He went inside the shower room to turn on the water finding it turning plant colored to his annoyance he figured was the computer's way of trying to wash the Paddies' smell off of him. Nikolai ignored Melinda sensed staring at him as he cleaned himself and heard a familiar Tsk sound once the shower water was off. He found Harrington in the doorway holding cloth in his hands and giving off another Tsk sound. Nikolai didn't comment a response eyed his body to find it was stained of plant colored liquid to growl an annoyed sound and went to another shower faucet to turn on the water. He got plant colored liquid that wasn't water in response to snarl a growling sound and without a word went to Harrington to yank the towel from the butler. He ignored Harrington's familiar Tsk sound finding Melinda still in the doorway giving off faint giggling sounds as he dried himself of the liquid finding it kept on staining his skin and staining the towel. 
Nikolai found himself having an enough of Harrington's familiar Tsk sound spoke loudly "Out with it now!"
He glared at Harrington to find the butler was indicating Melinda via eyes which he spoke loudly after willing forwards the Source "Something you want Melinda since this work out is over with?"
He gave her a glare finding Melinda giving off her familiar whistle sound to find Shaw and Delancy coming into view one of the Paddies accompanied her and the other he assumed was Delancy himself going to his left side. 
Nikolai kept the glare as Melinda spoke "Delancy leash."
He found Delancy was the Paddy off Melinda's left side handed her the leash via mouth onto it. He sighed and figured the Paddy off his left side was Shaw as Melinda without a word walked out of view he hearing the locker room's door slamming it bang sound.
Nikolai snarled out loud "Son of a bastard!"
He cut himself off seeing Harrington's eyes flare all blue to indicate he spoke an insulting vulgarity he didn't want to hear despite he an Ancient One. 
He ignored Harrington to speak "Anything else I should know Harrington such as why my shower faucets are spraying this ridiculous inky liquid in question?"
Nikolai wrapped the towel around his waist like a skirt and folded his arms to find Harrington faded from view he hearing the locker room door banging. 
Nikolai spoke loudly "Typical butler never explaining-"
He cut himself off when he felt a hand tapping him on the shoulder he looked to find his Father giving him a Source glare and making a finger gesture to turn around in a circle. Nikolai obeyed finding his Father yanking off his towel and tossing it aside. He kept the glare while turning around in a circle finding his Father disappearing in a Bloody's fade from view show followed by hearing the familiar Tsk sound. Nikolai glared at Harrington the Tsk's source who handed him a pair of sweats he found weren't his leaded sweats along with his sneakers. He kept the glare aimed at Harrington as he put on the clothes and shoes and found the butler handing him the leash. He clipped the leash onto Shaw's collar and found Harrington handed him a pair of sunglasses including a familiar bag. He grunted an annoyed sound as he took the objects and took a familiar route to outside via front entrance finding it was stormy outside with rain falling hard. Nikolai grunted again and didn't say a word as he led Shaw whining fearfully out into the rainstorm he finding it was booming drums and flashing light jagged shows. He ignored the noises and the shows to get Shaw to do his bathroom business along with picking up the poop via wet bag and tossing it out into the refuse can. 
Nikolai found Shaw leading the way into the entrance which inside he heard "A second of your time Master Nightwalker!"
He grunted an annoyed sound at the name of Master Nightwalker, and went to the receptionist finding Shaw still acting fearfully and having tail tucked between his legs with ears flat and still glistening of water. 
He gave the receptionist a glare who spoke "The retiring Governor's representative sent a messenger to ask what was taking so long to consider his request to take residence into your building's residence."
Nikolai exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak after removing the sunglasses while noticing the receptionist grimace "Just tell the Governor's messenger to send me the requirements for security involving him taking residence here. I'll consider his residence request once I have his security details fully in person to me."
He got from the receptionist clearing his throat and looking away while hearing an ahem sound off his right. 
Nikolai looked finding Melinda standing there looking not wet to him which he figured "Sages must have transported her."
He spoke firmly sensing Shaw acting friendly with her via hand on leash "Something I can do for you Ma'am?"
He ignored Shaw finding Melinda ignoring the Paddy she speaking "I'm the Governor's messenger. He hired me into service soon after my firing on the police force in question. So tell me what you wanted to tell the Governor and I'll tell him."
Nikolai obeyed to repeat his words finding Melinda holding a familiar recording device he finding Shaw resume his bodyguard position next to his left side the Paddy doing it on her finger order. He ignored Shaw finding Melinda disappearing in a Bloody's fade from view show once he was done with his message. 
Nikolai eyed receptionist with a glare finding the male speaking "You should be in your residence for the duration of this storm. Your Paddy seems to not like this storm by how he's acting in question."
He sighed and took Shaw to his familiar elevator finding guards locking the doors for him which he gave the command "Bed."
The elevator went up and stopped at the office's floor to his annoyance he hearing "Inappropriate time for sleeping." from the Eli.
Nikolai didn't say a word in response walked out of the elevator still dripping wet to find Shaw spraying water every where via shaking he ignored the Paddy doing it to remove the leash. He stomped to the public bathroom to find both Robert and Victor inside both giving him familiar glares he noticing his son had a familiar hue on his bared skin. 
Nikolai snarled loudly once he pressed the broadcast's button "I wasn't spared of that plant colored inky joke done onto me."
He heard scratching sounds done onto the door along with faint arf noises to sigh and yanked it open to let in Shaw that went into the tub giving him whining noises.
He ignored Shaw and slammed the door while glaring at Robert he spoke "So tell me who's idea was it to color my water with plant paint?"
Nikolai got silence in response from Robert heard a faint Hmph sound from Victor. He eyed Victor warily to find the male going to Shaw and appeared to be examining the Paddy's harness and collar fully before getting the gonoid out of the bathroom slamming the door with a bang sound. Nikolai again heard the familiar scratching noise and faint arf sounding as he gave Victor a glare.
Victor spoke "My voice recording sense went off the moment Shaw entered the room."
Nikolai hissed softly as Victor kept whispering loudly "His collar and harness looks like its got recorders on it. I know this from living in that warship spied all over the place including spied via dogs I kept as pets via my Mother raiser having me raise them. My Mother raiser seemed to know where and what I was doing whenever I was alone with the dog in question he rigged with a recording device and trackers."
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line while finding the bathroom door opening to find Shaw entering the room followed by Harrington giving off a loud Tsk sound. 
He gave Harrington a glare to find the butler fading from view going out of sight he speaking "Typical butler not explaining anything."
Nikolai got from Robert in response "Wannabe get me out of this room to the TV room now."
He found Victor without a word pushing and pulling Robert's wheelchair out of the room he finding the male slamming the door with a bang sound leaving him alone with Shaw sitting in the tub with head cocked. Nikolai grunted and stripped himself of his plastered on sweats putting on his bathrobe and went to kneel next to the tub. 
He spoke loudly "Well a bath is what you want, a bath I'll give you."
Nikolai found Shaw getting out of the tub once he turned on the water he finding it plant liquid colored the Patty giving off a loud arf sound that sounded like disgust to him. He gave up a loud sound of disgust in response and shut off the water forcing himself to get up and walk out of the bathroom sensing Shaw accompanying him. He ignored Harrington's familiar Tsk's sound heard as he made a beeline to the elevator only to find the butler getting into his way and blocking him. 
Nikolai spoke firmly "Out with it Harrington!"
He glared at Harrington finding the lights above dimmed abruptly as the butler faded from view. He gave up his familiar comment regarding the butler and went to Robert's familiar bedroom to find Victor lying on the air mattress with his son still in the wheelchair. Both he saw were appearing to be asleep. He didn't comment a response instead went to the window to yank the shade open to peer outside hearing Shaw giving off fearful whining. He found the sky was indicating nighttime with light shows flashing all over the place. Nikolai shut the shade and got himself onto the bed finding Shaw sitting at his foot the Paddy lying on his back feet up in the air and snoring loudly. He ignored Shaw and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep passing out unconscious. 

Nikolai sat in a courtroom facing the prosecutor in a three judge judged case involving the death of a person he heard was named Michael Mikaela. He sensed Shaw his bodyguard and spy via someone else sitting next to him his hand on the leash as he sat in the witness's seat waiting for the prosecutor to give out their questioning. He found his own defense lawyer was handling the case as well as he was paid to do it. Nikolai kept the glare as the prosecutor proceeded to berate him on accusations of ordering the murder of Michael Mikaela for trashing the Crimson City company publicity. 
He recalled his defense lawyer's advice "Keep yourself calm no matter what regardless of what the prosecutor says to you."
Nikolai kept willing himself calm as the prosecutor kept up their barging questions and accusations. He found his control beginning to snap after another accusation from the prosecutor despite his defense lawyer kept interrupting with verbal objections. He found the three judges ignored the defense lawyer's interruptions and kept on giving him glares they wanting him to speak. Nikolai got Shaw in response barking loudly and making lunge movements towards the prosecutor as he held onto the leash. 
He kept on holding onto the leash as the prosecutor spoke loudly "Control your dog or I'll order it out of the room now Mister Crimson!" 
Nikolai ignored the prosecutor in response adjusted the leash to get Shaw sitting next to him off his left as he glared at the female who added "Now where was I before this rude interruption via your dog in question?"
He ignored her rude question to find the prosecutor again speaking her familiar words only to hear her interrupt "Spare him of the jokey stunt now Ma'am."
Nikolai frowned finding the Senator in the room via doorway while hearing gasps sounds he finding the male was accompanied by his twin brother Mike who was staring at the floor looking like he didn't want to be there. 
He kept his eyes onto the Senator to find the male speaking loudly "I officially withdraw my help towards one Mister Leroy Jones in this election on grounds of threats towards my niece. Mister Leroy Jones was recorded shooting my niece execution style and using his reputation within the police force and temporary Mayorship to get away with the shooting. That includes the murder of one Daisy Matthews who's death was also recorded."
He heard gasps sounds in the room to find the three judges speaking in unison "Case dismissed."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response found the prosecutor giving him a familiar glare that reminded him of Melinda to his confusion as he got out of the seat and walked out of the courtroom he finding himself ignored by the Senator and his brother. He heard the Senator was still speaking on Mister Leroy Jones in negative terms he ignored. Nikolai took a route to his familiar vehicle to get inside via Paddy first only to hear a faint whining sound from Shaw once he was inside to find a male seated in the limo across from him that thrust a large piece of food onto the gonoid who ate it happily. Nikolai kept his mouth shut into a thin line recognizing Leroy Jones who held up a handgun with a silencer end as the limo was felt driving. 
He glared at Leroy who spoke "Tell me something about this car explosion stunt you made to make the Senator appear dead."
Nikolai heard the gun cocking to speak firmly "Ask my company's henchmen about that. I was kept out of the loop in this manner."
He grunted of pain feeling a bullet enter his leg as he found Shaw not reacting to it. He found Shaw appeared to be drugged that had form still as he felt for the Paddy.
"Don't bother he's drugged." He heard from Leroy as he gave the male a glare who added "Next time I won't miss. So talk now."
Nikolai spoke firmly "I would be telling you what you want to hear Mister Jones."
He grunted as he felt another bullet hitting his other leg as Leroy spoke "I already know the story of how you kept Senator Mikaela alive. I just want confirmation from you."
Nikolai exhaled a breath feeling the bullet in his left leg worming itself out as he felt the projectile in his right leg making the familiar movement. 
He inhaled to speak firmly "I'm not going to confirm anything to you. I will testify at your trial that you tried to kill me."
He kept the glare as Leroy cocked his head as if listening to something to find the male disappearing in a Bloody show followed by the doors to the limo yanking open and cops coming in with guns drawn. Nikolai grunted as the cops got him out of the vehicle he didn't protest as one cop got the bullet out of his leg that had wormed itself to stick out of his skin. He didn't protest as the cops got him into a jail cell via limo appearing to be in the police precinct's private garage room. Nikolai laid down waiting for his familiar sickness to hit again as he found another show to find Leroy appearing in view holding a familiar device of recorder blackout in hand and holding his familiar handgun pointed at him. 
He willed forwards the Source while giving Leroy a glare who whispered "Interesting eye look Mister Crimson."
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as Leroy added "Now where we're we before this rude interruption?"
He found another show followed by Helena appearing into sight draping herself onto Leroy in some sexual hungry way while purring loudly like a cat. He grunted an annoyed sound as Helena got Leroy to drop the handgun and his recorder blackout device after hearing a familiar beep noise. 
Nikolai felt disgust take hold as Helena managed to get Leroy out of the jail cell to be arrested by cops he finding the male swearing "Bitch incarnate-"
He exhaled a breath as Helena cut Leroy off by kissing the male on the lips and broke it off by tearing off the male's face showing Nightwalker's face to his shock. 
Helena was heard speaking "Sweetie what's going on with you hmm?"
Nikolai looked away not hearing Nightwalker's reply to Helena's sugary sweet voice order as he felt himself itching to mate via feeling hitting him. 
He wound up singing "Nightwalker's curse lives." over and over to distract him from the mating urge till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes. Nikolai passed out unconscious.

Nikolai came to hear Robert's familiar whining noises along with Shaw's familiar pouncing onto his front. He grunted from Shaw's pouncing to open his eyes shaking his head of the memory of the court trial he had one lunar cycle ago running through his mind he feeling annoyed. He glared at Shaw that sat on his haunches panting away as he found Harrington giving off his familiar Tsk sound. Nikolai shifted to glare at Harrington who faded from view. 
He got up from the bed hearing Robert still whining "Ah, Bah, Wah."
Nikolai ignored Robert while stepping over Victor making sure to step onto Victor's hand with his foot finding the male waking up groaning loudly. He ignored Victor's groaning to go to the public bathroom to find Harrington inside with arms folded. 
He gave Harrington a glare and spoke sensing Shaw in the room by the toenails clipping sounds "Something you want Harrington?"
Nikolai kept the glare as Harrington spoke "The issue of the waters acting inappropriately giving off cleaner instead of liquid has been fixed. I'm told its fixed Master. I'm just here to see it's fixed as said by the maintenance crew when they communicated it to me this morning."
He didn't say a word found Robert and Victor in the doorway both glaring at him with their familiar looks. He sighed and ignored them both to turn on the bathtub's water finding it was a clear cloudy color to his relief.
He heard "Dad take yourself and your mangy dog out of the room while I get my bath done. Go get cleaned elsewhere. I need the room."
Harrington he heard gave up a loud Tsk sound he shut off the bathtub's water to give the butler a glare who pointed a finger at the door while giving him an eyed glare. Nikolai didn't say a word in response took Shaw out of the room and went to hunt for his familiar cat toy he finding a basket holding various toys he figured was related to the Paddy. He took one out squeezing it and heard it give off a squeaking noise getting Shaw acting excited and pawing him including trying to yank the toy from his hand. Nikolai proceeded to play a game of fetch with Shaw and the toy till Harrington's familiar Tsk sounded along with finding the butler holding onto the toy a look of disapproval on the butler's face. 
Nikolai glared in response as Shaw gave up whining sounds as Harrington spoke "Your personal trainer is still waiting for you Master."
He sighed and went to the elevator sensing Shaw following to get inside ordering it to the pool room's floor which he walked out realizing he was only clad in his bathrobe and nothing else on. He went to the pool room to find Melinda giving off her familiar whistle blast as he tried to sneak towards the locker room. 
Nikolai found Melinda ordering "Get into the pool now!"
He grunted an annoyed sound as Shaw grabbed the hem of his bathrobe and began yanking onto it. He ignored Shaw's yanking and went to the pool to kick off his slippers and dived in bathrobe still on his form. Nikolai found Shaw in the pool with him as Melinda got him to play a game of fetch onto the dog as he swam while wearing the bathrobe. 
He felt he had an enough of the bathrobe took it off once out of the pool ignoring Melinda's blaring "I didn't say that you could get out of the pool!"
Nikolai heard nothing from Melinda in response to his naked status instead dived into the pool again and resumed swimming and playing fetch games with Shaw. He found Melinda kept him in the pool longer than necessary till he felt he had an enough of the water got out seeing her eyes widen at his naked form. He ignored Melinda and without a word went into the locker room to shower off the pool water he finding Melinda standing in the doorway appearing to be ogling him from her amused expression on her face. Nikolai ignored Melinda to scrub himself all over not sparing his sensitive part and his hair. He dried himself to put a towel around him like a skirt and went to hunt for his clothes he finding a pair of sweats sitting on a bench in the locker room. He put them on covering him up from the waist down but left his feet and ankles bare. Nikolai went into the weight room finding Melinda had already beaten him and was busy getting Shaw onto a treadmill machine which he ignored to go to a weight machine. Nikolai kept up the weight's exercises seemingly lengthy till he felt like he had an enough to find Melinda not in the room but Shaw running happily on the machine with tongue sticking out. Groaning he went to Shaw and turned off the machine hearing whining from the Paddy once it stopped. He heard a familiar whistle blast to find Melinda not in sight as Shaw took off running out of the room he giving chase. He found Shaw halted once out of the weight room to go to his side and appeared to be sniffing the floor.
Nikolai spoke "Search."
He found Shaw leading the way with nose on and off onto the floor along with making a beeline towards one of the changing room to halt in front of the door sitting down and not barking. Nikolai knocked onto the door and waited as it opened showing Melinda walking out thrusting him a familiar dog toy he gripped to hear it give off a meow sound. He sighed and tossed the toy onto the floor to get Shaw happily pouncing onto it and chewing it while hearing it giving off meow sounds. 
Nikolai got Melinda sniffing his shoulder and speaking "Go take a shower you stink."
He groaned softly and went into the shower room to strip himself of the sweat pants leaving them folded onto a bench and entered the room. 

Nikolai came out of the shower room with disgust taking hold he wrinkling his nose of a familiar stench involving solid waste from the shower room. He grunted to find his shower water instead gave up a familiar plant colored water and stank of solid waste to his annoyance. He ignored Melinda holding her nose as he walked by her and went to the pool room to find Harrington inside that gave up a loud Tsk sound.
Nikolai glared at Harrington who spoke "Master I request you go to your residence and clean off this stinky mess you seem to have. I recommended that you avoid the shower facilities due to that the stink has gotten to the water indicating a problem with the water cleaner. So sorry but you can't use the pool water to clean off that mess onto you. The pool isn't equipped for this."
Nikolai gave Harrington a glare and snarled while having the Source in control "A change of clothes now Harrington!"
He got thrust his familiar sweats via his back he figured was Melinda tossing it to him. He didn't say a word to put them on and found Shaw refused to leave him as he walked dripping to the elevator. 
Nikolai ignored the guards giving off Hmph sounds indicating his stinky self as he gave the order "Bed."
He wound up only to hear "Inappropriate time for sleeping."
He grunted and ordered "Home!"
Nikolai found the elevator going up in response as Shaw was heard panting next to him. He ignored Shaw as he walked out of the elevator to find Harrington there in the hallway giving off his familiar Tsk sound.
Nikolai gave Harrington a glare and spoke "The Eli balked letting me go to my bedroom to clean this mess off. Excuse me while I go to the public bathroom for this."
He made a motion to move only to find Harrington blocking his way and giving off another Tsk sound as he heard snickering like laughter within his mind. He glared at Harrington as Nightwalker blared his familiar line involving being great to his annoyance. Nikolai felt his mood bad again found himself floating in the air to land into water with a splash he finding he wasn't in his pool but in Sea King's kingdom by the icebergs floating around him. He grunted an annoyed sound and swam up to the surface only to get tossed out of the water backwards to get a hand gripping his neck in a tight ironclad hold making him gasp for air. 
Nikolai heard "Identify yourself now!"
He frowned hearing the loud demanding voice blaring in his mind spoke loudly "Name is Nikolai. Who's this talking to me-"
He was interrupted "Silence! Don't ask questions! I ask them since your in my kingdom!"
Nikolai gulped for air once the hand loosed its hold to find the hand's owner was Seas King a Humanoid with pointy ears and a Human like face, wearing white animal skin clothes complete with an icicle crown on the head and glaring all black eyes and all white hair. 
He kept his mouth shut as Sea King sniffed him via nose onto his arm and blasted "Why are you smelling of animal's crap to me?!"
Nikolai spoke in response "I was attempting to clean myself when someone rigged my cleaner to stink getting onto me-"
He was interrupted "Spare me that stinky story! All Seeing One, transport this foolish Nikolai out now!"
He sighed to feel himself airborne to find himself landing onto a hard ground with a grunt sound along with hearing arfs of a Paddy along with feeling paws onto his front and his face licked galore by a smooth cold tongue. 
He grunted from the licking to speak "Sit!"
Nikolai shook his head finding the Paddy obeyed to find Shaw sitting next to him while he was in the public bathroom he finding Harrington in view giving off his familiar Tsk sound. 
He glared at Harrington who spoke "Your residence water is intact and fixed. Nothing seriously wrong with it. It's just the pool room and the shower stall's water that is having problems."
He spoke in response "Thanks Harrington."
Nikolai saw Harrington's eyes widen followed by the butler faded from view as he got up and found Shaw standing in the tub giving him whining noises. He gave up a loud Hmph and peeled off his sweats then gave Shaw his bath finding the Paddy kept on shaking the water off him over and over. He ignored the shaking Shaw did to dry the Paddy then got into the shower stall to shower only to find it stinking of its familiar smell once he put a hand onto the shower's faucet. He growled an annoyed sound and marched out of the shower stall bellowing for Harrington as the stink took control in the bathroom.
He found Harrington in the room which he spoke "It stinks in here! Tell maintenance to do something!"
Nikolai got Harrington jabbing a finger aimed at Shaw in response which he looked down finding the Paddy had head bowed and was looking sad to him. He frowned to peer into the shower stall to find it reeking of solid waste he smelled indicating of Shaw's personal bathroom from the mess on the floor in the corner. 
He without a word walked out of the shower stall to get handed his familiar sweats by Harrington he put on along with his sneakers and sunglasses.
Harrington spoke "I'll see that the mess is cleaned up. Excuse the smell. But I think you and your bodyguard should be outside for him to do his personal business. The storm outside has stopped for now so its safe outside. Besides you smell fine to me."
Nikolai spoke firmly "Thanks Harrington."
He ignored Harrington's ahem noises to leave the bathroom followed by Shaw which he went to the elevator to grab the leash to clip onto Shaw's collar. He took the elevator to the lobby to find the receptionist calling him over who handed him a paper bag with handles. 
He frowned finding a small scooper inside the bag and got told "This is for your bodyguard's personal bathroom business. Use the scooper to pick the solid waste up and dump it into a refuse can. The bag is for hygiene of keeping the scooper away from people while contained in it."
He sighed and without a word walked outside carrying the bag to find Shaw pulling on the leash leading the way to the familiar grassed ground to do his familiar business on it. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold finding he had to use the scooper to pick up the waste and dump it into the refuse can underneath the watchful eye of the shop clerk who gave him a glare. He didn't comment a response towards the shop clerk as Shaw led the way up and down the street he finding himself having to jog to keep up with the Paddy's running. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold as Shaw kept his bathroom business seemingly lengthy during breaks of jogging to his disgust. 
He mentally spoke to himself "Why am I sickened with this dog in question?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question to recall himself bit by Bloodies to scan his mind that kept on calling him Nightwalker's dog. 
He mentally added "Sickened? I should be grateful that I have this dog with me. At least I have an excuse to get out and about the city including exercising too. That's one advantage of having the dog. Excuse he smells of giving off poop again. Yuck."
Nikolai heard snickering like laughter sounding in his mind as he found himself going to attend to Shaw's business. He heard rumbles of a storm arriving found Shaw making a beeline towards his residence building as the sun went behind the clouds. Nikolai found Shaw straining against the leash as he was pulled into a fast jog to the building only to find the Paddy got the leash out of his hand once the rain was felt falling. He chased after Shaw darting into the residence's entrance to find a guard had managed to get a foot onto Shaw's dangling leash and was firmly holding it in place as booming sounds was heard. 
He found the rain falling hard once he was inside the lobby to hear from the receptionist loudly "That bag and item is your responsibility Master."
Nikolai ignored the receptionist to grab the leash and pulled a scared Shaw into the elevator only to smell the familiar stink to find the Paddy was doing his business. 
He growled out "Shaw!"
Nikolai got Shaw giving him whining once done with the business to find the guards not doing anything to pick up the mess. He recalled the bag and scooper to use it to pick up the solid waste and bagged it once the elevator reached his office's floor.
He bellowed "Harrington!"
Nikolai didn't have long to wait as he thrust the bag and scooper onto Harrington and spoke firmly "Kindly put the dog's crap someplace like the refuse shoot and see where I can put this bag and scooper some place where I can find it. Thanks Harrington."
He got nothing from Harrington who took the items from him and faded from view to hear a familiar meow to find Annie getting onto his shoulder and meowing loudly in his ear. 
He groaned out "Annie, your whining on being ignored by me?"
Nikolai got Annie curling up around the back of his neck in response as he eyed Shaw that was lying on the floor hearing a snoring sound from the Paddy. He sighed and walked away finding Shaw not following to go to his office to sit down and got Annie onto his front to tummy sit purring vibrations felt from her. He sighed to rub her back only to hear her familiar meow indicating she didn't want to be petted. Nikolai sighed again and leaned back in the office's chair shutting his eyes feeling himself terribly tired. He felt himself lulled by Annie's purring to fall asleep only to come to smelling food via his nose. His stomach growled in hunger in response as he found Annie off his lap and appeared to be out of the room via sensing her not in sight. He found a tray holding dishware of food on the desk in front of him and Shaw sitting next to him while giving off whining noises. It sounded of begging to him. He ignored Shaw to find the Paddy's food and water bowls also on the desk. He recalled Melinda's teaching ate his food first and drank his drink first while ignoring Shaw's whining and pawing onto his arm. Nikolai felt the pawing seemed familiar to him like a Humanoid's hand to his confusion despite the whining noises seemed familiar to him. He frowned as he took in his nourishment then once done got Shaw to sit still and gave the Paddy his food and drink. He found Shaw's food bowl turn from shiny sun colored to cloud colored back and forth to his confusion. Nikolai looked around his office finding it change from his office to a familiar Nightwalker's jail cell. He found his clothes changing to animal skin back and forth to his confusion. 
Nikolai spoke out loud "Stop it now! Just stop this dreaming status joke now!"
"As you wish." He heard sounding in a familiar voice to frown finding himself facing Nightwalker hysterically laughing. 
He groaned softly as he found himself clad in his familiar food slave clothes on his form from the feel. 
He spoke firmly "What's the point of this dream of me as a food slave Nightwalker?"
Nikolai gave Nightwalker a glare to hear a familiar ticking sound of a clock to find him speaking still using the laughing voice tone "Don't you dare ask me that question! What MacLeod says we do!"
He sighed and resumed sitting on the floor to find himself facing a naked male with eyes of a Bloody that looked familiar to him. 
He frowned as he heard Nightwalker spoke "I am MacLeod the One who's the beginning of the end and the beginning."
Nikolai heard in response from himself "Acknowledge Julian, Nightwalker!"
He sighed and stood up eyeing Nightwalker sitting on the throne chair who spoke in response "I would rather be in the Summerland as you pathetic Humans call it than accept what I did to Julian aka Achilles. I deny it period."
Nikolai heard a clock chiming loudly to find a male voice speaking in response "The Underworld is where you're going for your words!"
He found Nightwalker surrounded by an eater fire followed by the male screaming and sinking into it followed by his entire body consumed. Nikolai groaned softly to himself finding himself back in his office with Annie sitting on his front purring away and licking his chin with her warm rough tongue. He sighed and rubbed Annie's back finding the cat giving off her familiar meow in response. Nikolai shut his eyes and forced himself to sleep passing out unconscious. 

Nikolai came to feeling Annie pouncing onto his front including Shaw's familiar arf sounding within the room he finding himself still in his office sitting on his chair. He grunted from Annie's pawing and pouncing all over his front to open his eyes of annoyance finding Harrington holding his familiar laser device that faded from view. He grunted as Annie darted off his lap with a loud meow sounding of annoyance to him to find her darting into the cat door in the wall chased by Shaw.
Nikolai spoke loudly "Shaw off!"
He gave Shaw a glare who without a bark went to sit next to him with whining sounds he smelling food within his nose. He sighed and figured the food smell was in the kitchen waffling into his office. Nikolai got up and went to the kitchen finding Victor feeding Robert food appearing to be thick soup from a bowl with smells that made his stomach rumble. 
He groaned softly as Victor noticed him to speak "Get your own food, Daddy."
He heard the sarcasm of Victor's voice ignored the male to get his own plant food diet cooked and prepared in a fast move he finding himself terribly hungry. He gobbled up the food from the pan once it was done cooking to feel Shaw's familiar paw pawing his leg while hearing whining sounds. 
Nikolai ignored Shaw while thinking to himself "Why am I expecting to take care of that mongrel anyway? Shouldn't Harrington do it?"
He heard nothing in response to his words ate his food and drank his orange drink from a cup. He got Shaw's food and drink ready and fed the Paddy finding Shaw very hungry. He didn't comment a response as Shaw quit eating to hear Harrington's familiar Tsk sound in the room. He gave Harrington a glare who tossed him his familiar bag for Shaw's business and handed him a leash. He clipped the leash onto Shaw without a word and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby.
Nikolai grumbled to himself "Why am I stuck doing this outside crap for this mangy dog anyway?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question managed to get Shaw outside to do his business and found the Paddy balked wanting to go inside. He grunted an annoyed sound as he forced Shaw to get inside despite balking done and whining heard.
Nikolai grumbled to himself "Son of a bastard. I ought to kill the idiot that sickened me this dog onto me to take care of."
He again heard nothing in response to his words got Shaw and himself back into his residence to find Harrington giving him a glare.
He glared in response as Harrington spoke "Your trainer requests your presence in the pool room immediately."
Nikolai gave up an Hmph sound and went to the pool room to find Melinda playing fetch with Delancy from the looks of him. 
He got ordered by Melinda "Get into the pool now!"
Nikolai heard the grumpy voice tone of her voice stripped himself of his sweats and shoes and till naked got into the pool sensing Shaw jumping next to him. He felt annoyance take hold when Melinda got him to play fetch games onto the Paddies. 
Nikolai felt himself annoyed with the game got out of the pool despite Melinda heard blaring "I didn't say you could get out of the pool!"
He gave up a loud roar and snarled "This game of taking care of Shaw ends now! I had an enough of it!"
He saw Melinda form a glare in response to do her familiar whistle blast sound followed by both Paddies getting out of the pool to stand next to her. 
He glared at Melinda who shrugged and spoke "Suit yourself. Don't come crying to me that you want Shaw back. Just tell me you want to give him up permanently."
Nikolai opened his mouth to speak and found himself blurting to his shock "I love you."
He felt himself annoyed with what he blurted got from Melinda speaking "Suit yourself on getting bored with Shaw. I knew you wouldn't last long with the dog in question. Excuse me while I see myself out."
Nikolai blurt in response as Melinda made a motion to leave "Don't go! Shaw stay!"
He exhaled a breath to find Melinda looking at him with a glare and she speaking "Something you want now Mister Crimson?"
Nikolai spoke firmly "Shaw stay!"
He found Shaw going to his left side to stand there as Melinda gave him a glare which he added "Call me Nikolai. Mister Crimson sounds too formal for my tastes from you, Melinda."
Nikolai frowned as Melinda walked up towards him and halted once a hand's length away and he grunted when her hand grabbed his sensitive part in some tight nail biting hold. He ignored her hand to eye Melinda in the eyes feeling relief when her hand released him. He sighed as Melinda without a word grabbed his chin and kissed him on the lips he kissing her back. 
Nikolai didn't protest as Melinda broke off the kiss followed by her speaking "Hit the pool and continue on swimming now."
He obeyed to find the Paddies joining him in the pool as he swam and played fetch games with the dogs. 
He sighed thinking to himself as he swam "I shouldn't be complaining to having Shaw in my life. I should just accept that I have him helping me with my reclusiveness. I'm exercising out of fun while in the pool."
Nikolai sighed again and played games with the Paddies finding both dogs seemed to have unlimited energy in playing the fetching game. He sighed once Melinda gave up her whistle blast to get out of the pool with the Paddies.
He got ordered by Melinda "Hit the shower room and get dressed!"
Nikolai obeyed eyeing the shower room's faucets warily finding the water wasn't plant green to his relief including the familiar smell not smelled. He sighed and scrubbed himself clean finding Shaw in the room with him while noticing Delancy and Melinda not in sight. Nikolai sighed once done showering to find Harrington standing in the doorway holding cloth in his hands and arms. He went to Harrington to take the towel while thanking the butler. Nikolai got no reaction from Harrington as he put on the clothes finding it was his familiar office's uniform clothes to his annoyance. He didn't comment a response towards Harrington's glare as he once dressed brushed his hair via hairbrush Harrington was holding. Nikolai again gave a thank you comment towards Harrington and went to the elevator hearing from the butler giving off his familiar Tsk sound once inside.
Nikolai spoke firmly "Yes Harrington?"
He eyed Harrington who spoke "Your Bloody Red organization of vampire wannabes requests your presence, Master as you as their declared leader of them now."
He sighed and spoke "Anything else?"
Nikolai heard Harrington's voice had an edge in it to hear from the butler "Eli what date is it?"
He heard from Eli speaking "Night's Eve."
Groaning he spoke loudly towards Harrington "Alright I know what I'm supposed to be doing. Excuse me while I go to the garage room."
He got Harrington fading from view in response as he gave the order to the garage room to feel Shaw's leash in his hand. Nikolai sighed and clipped the leash onto Shaw's collar finding Shaw still accompanying him to the vehicle. He got inside and groaned softly recalling Night's Eve celebrations. He recalled that in Brazil, Night's Eve was named after the celebration in the United States a nation full of states celebrating annexing of states. He was to arrive clad in his Father's twin armored clothes and crown in the Ancient Ones' declared capital city of Janeiro's main church. He groaned recalling that it was his Father, Victor the Ancient One, doing the celebrations while he was contained holed up in a hotel room watching via recorders filming the event. 
Nikolai recalled to himself "That's what happened in Brazil before annexing hence I contained in some hotel room while my Father was out doing this Night's Eve celebration pretending to be me."
He leaned back in the seat sensing nothing from Shaw but felt himself groaning softly to think to himself "This is going to be a long day."

Nikolai felt relieved to be back into his residence once the Night's Eve celebrations were done in Janeiro a fortress city in the ocean surrounded by a heavy moving river, his Father doing them for him. While he was with his Father with Shaw accompanying him like both were a bodyguard. He sighed recalling the helicopter ride to Janeiro was via another plane of the Elizabethan Town's city's police force instead of Nightwalker's personal helicopter. He continued to recall he threw up his stomach repeatedly while in the helicopter to Janeiro that seemed to take forever flying over the land. He grunted recalling that once he arrived to Janeiro's capital office building he was given a mask to cover his head entirely as his Father appeared in a Bloody's show in the helicopter sitting across from him. He wound up following his Father out to hear cheering sounds from the crowd gathered outside that gave up light flashes of their recorders. Nikolai found himself following his Father like a bodyguard all over the city including to the city's main church Crystal Cathedral as named for the Ancient Ones to do the devotion ceremony. He sighed to be back onto the helicopter once the ceremonies was done involving a cauldron being lighted by a torch by his Father doing it at the church's grounds. Nikolai recalled the cauldron lightening was by Ancient Ones doing it in honor of their dead passing away which would remain lighted then go out once Night's Eve holiday arrived again via planetary cycle. He sighed recalling that the cauldron would be lighted again once an Ancient One did the devotion ceremony and lighted the cauldron's bowl via torch. Nikolai laid in his bedroom shutting his eyes forcing himself to sleep despite itching to remain awake. He grunted an annoyed sound and got up opening his eyes to find Shaw chewing onto his familiar cat toy he finding Annie a larger sized than the toy snoozing on his extra pillow with paws covering her head. 
Nikolai got up and began doing his karate's exercises he figuring to himself "The exercises should put me to sleep."
He did his karate only for a short time till Eli blared "Sleep mode time required."
Groaning he flopped onto the bed onto his back while finding Shaw didn't join him but kept hearing the familiar toy's meowing sounding loudly. He grunted an annoyed sound and felt Annie get onto his front to tummy sit with purring vibrations felt. He sighed and felt himself lulled by Annie's purring vibrations shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Nikolai came to feeling Annie's familiar pouncing onto his front which he grunted and rolled over ignoring her pawing him all over. 
He heard "Sleep mode time ended. Time to get up."
Nikolai groaned and forced himself to get up despite feeling like he wanted to remain in bed. He ignored Annie felt getting onto his shoulder meowing loudly in a begging tone while sensing Shaw off his side giving off faint whining. He sighed and without a word towards the animals removed Annie not protesting and went into his bathroom intending to shower. 

Nikolai came out of the elevator to find Harrington not in sight but the kitchen smelling of food waffling into the hallway. He sighed and went to the kitchen to find Harrington cooking at the stove that thrust a wooden spoon in his direction and towards the kitchen's table while giving him a familiar Tsk sound. He sighed and went to sit down feeling himself still weary and shook sleepiness from his head despite it persisted. Nikolai brought his head down onto the table and shut his eyes only to come to feeling a hand tapping him on the shoulder as food smells assaulted his nose making his stomach rumble loudly. Nikolai sighed and woke up to take in the food he finding it was Robert's familiar soup from the taste and looks of it. He sighed and found himself terribly hungry spooned up the soup in a fast move while ignoring the hotness felt into his mouth. He found the thick soup tasted good to him didn't leave a spoonful in the bowl. Nikolai got handed a glass of orange juice he figured it was called and gulped it down.
He sighed once done eating and drinking to speak loudly "Thanks Harrington."
Nikolai found Harrington not in sight but Victor pushing Robert into the room. 
He found Robert giving him a glare and his son speaking "Daddy get out and take that mongrel with you."
Nikolai found Shaw holding the leash in his mouth to sigh figuring out that it was time to take him outside. He recalled himself compelled to put on his sweats and sneakers ignored Robert's comment to snap the leash onto Shaw and left the kitchen. 
He heard blared overhead "Harrington!" sounding of his son's voice.
Nikolai took the elevator to outside to get handed his familiar scooper's bag via receptionist tossing it to him. He sighed and went outside jogging while letting Shaw stop for his business including some sniffing around. Nikolai found the jogging helped him stay awake and Shaw alternating from being at his left side and running in front of him as the Paddy led the way. He found his filming sense going off abruptly to ignore it only to find Shaw going to his left side and remained glued to there while giving off growling noises. 
He sighed and figured to himself "The presses must have found me and is filming me."
Nikolai ignored Shaw's growling to go to his residence finding presses gathered outside held back via cops they letting him through as if recognizing him. He ignored the presses blaring questions aimed at him he heard were all on Shaw.
Nikolai head blared loudly as he went into the entrance "Bored of life aren't you Mister Crimson, hence you having that dog to amuse you?!"
He ignored the questioner sounding of a female's voice sounding familiar to go into the lobby finding the receptionist yelling at a female holding a camera she dressed like a tourist from her flashy loud clothes. He ignored the shouting to sneak into his elevator with Shaw to find the guards inside shutting the doors as the Paddy quit growling loudly. He sighed and gently rubbed a hand on Shaw's head in a caring move sensing the Paddy accepted that. Nikolai gave the order to home and waited lengthy for the elevator to reach the desired floor he finding it going really slow to his annoyance. 
He felt himself getting impatient by the slowness to speak loudly "Eli why's the elevator going slow instead of normal speed?"
Nikolai heard in response "Not programmed to answer that question.'
He grunted an annoyed sound and tapped his foot as the elevator slowly made its way to his office's floor followed by the doors opening to show a receptionist's office to his annoyance instead of his residence. Nikolai found Shaw pulling him out of the elevator barking excitedly. He sighed and allowed Shaw to lead the way out of the elevator finding the Paddy quit his barking to become silent and appeared to be sniffing his way to a destination on the floor out of the receptionist's office. Nikolai sighed and followed Shaw leading him to one of the offices to knock onto the door once the Paddy sat down giving him a look and didn't bark in response to finding something. He waited as the door remained shut to open it after using Knightman's abilities to check for anything behind it. He walked into the office to find Melinda seated in the desk that tossed him a familiar toy getting Shaw pawing him excitedly. He sighed again and tossed Shaw the toy hearing it giving off its familiar meows once it was in Shaw's jaws. 
Nikolai kept the leash in his hand only to get old by Melinda "Take the leash off now. He's fine without it for now."
He obeyed to find Harrington appearing in front of him holding up a hand which he sighed and handed the butler the leash and found the male faded from view. Nikolai focused onto Melinda finding Delancy no where in sight as Shaw was heard chewing onto the toy it giving off multiple meows. 
He got from Melinda in response "Dogs don't remember their training after doing it once. They need repetition of their training to keep it in memory. Hence this search stunt done onto Shaw repeatedly. He needs to remember it fully as a game to enjoy. Hence it done over and over with various uses to keep him entertained. His paycheck for doing each training done is that toy I gave him he seems to favor to receive from me."
Nikolai sighed and kept his attention onto Melinda as she got up from the seat at the desk and went to him to grab his chin he not protesting as she kissed him on the lips. He kissed her back in response while itching to touch Melinda. He found the kissing seemed lengthy by how she was kissing him back till he brought hands onto her back and ran them up and down pressing her into him. Nikolai got no protest from Melinda who brought her other hand to his chin and was rubbing his cheeks as they both deepened the kiss. He kissed till Shaw was felt pawing them while sensing the Paddy quit the toy chewing. 
Nikolai sighed and broke off the hug hold and kiss not getting a protest from Melinda but her speaking "Excuse me. I need to go hide for Shaw to keep up the tracking."
He stood watching her pick up Shaw's chew toy and left the room shutting the door while finding Harrington in the room looking at his time piece and holding up a hand. 
He sighed and figured to himself "Harrington is going to tell me when to let Shaw go out and track her."
Nikolai heard nothing in response to his thinking to find Shaw off his left side as Harrington was heard speaking after a lengthy pause "Go."
He spoke firmly towards Shaw "Search!"
Nikolai found Shaw obeying to find the Paddy kept on finding Melinda hidden all over the floor including repeated games of searching for her to get his chew toy. He sighed once the game was declared over by Melinda after another lengthy session of kissing her on the lips each time he found her via Shaw to do the kissing. He recalled that Shaw would paw them after a lengthy time period of kissing to announce Harrington's arrival they both not noticing the butler there giving off his Tsk sound. 
Nikolai found Melinda thrusting him the leash once she declared the game over and got from her "Go outside and do some jogging. Get some sun onto you. You're pale from the looks of you."
He sighed and clipped Shaw's leash and with a goodbye peck on the lips left Melinda holding the Paddy's favorite chew toy to go to the lobby via elevator. He found the presses gathered outside held back via barricades giving him questions related to Shaw himself. Nikolai ignored their questions and began jogging away finding his filming sense going off and Shaw kept to his left side giving off growling noises. He found the presses followed him jogging behind to the shop clerk's familiar store to find Shaw sniffing around. 
He sighed and recalled the shop clerk's complaint spoke loudly towards the male standing in the doorway with a glare ignoring the blaring presses "You got something for me to pick up the mess my dog will make Sir?"
Nikolai got tossed a bag which he stood waiting as Shaw did his business then picked up the mess and dumped it into the refuse can. He ignored the presses filming him and snapping pictures to feel a compulsion to keep on jogging which he obeyed. He found the presses giving off whining complaints of not able to keep up to his running he hearing them panting behind him. Nikolai ignored the presses to continue on jogging around the building till the familiar entrance came into sight to find the presses still gathered around throwing questions aimed at him regarding his dog. Nikolai ignored them and went inside to find the receptionist calling him over who handed him a piece of paper he saw was a statement paper to give to the presses outside. Groaning he went outside to stand waiting for the presses to quit their questions while holding up his statement's paper. Nikolai didn't have long to wait as the presses became quiet.
He read the statement word for word "This is Shaw my dog I have adopted from the local Elizabethan Town's pound via proxy doing it for me. Shaw has been trained to do more than just be my companion so don't touch him unless I give the say so. Thank you no more questions."
He walked inside to thrust the receptionist the paper who took without a word only to find Melinda next to him clearing her throat.
Nikolai sighed and spoke firmly "Yes something I can do for you Miss Mikaela?"
He eyed her as she tossed him a disk appearing to finger sized and got from her "The security requirements that the Governor wants for the building for residency. Use your laptop to view everything on it Mister Crimson."
He found her disappearing in a show to frown holding onto the disk and without a word went to the elevator finding the guards not shutting the doors manually. 
Nikolai ordered "Home."
He saw presses darting into the lobby as the elevator doors shut they appearing to make a beeline towards him. He groaned softly as the elevator was felt going up fast too fast to his standards and reached the desired floor with a banging thump sound. Nikolai walked out once the doors were open to go to his office after freeing Shaw from the leash. He went to his office to sit down opening the familiar laptop left on top of his desk to put the disk into it and frowned waiting for the disk's program to be brought up. Nikolai groaned once done examining the disk's contents he finding the Governor's demands for security outrageous enough to want plane torpedo interceptors onto the building to shoot a flying jet making a suicide beeline towards the building to his disgust. He felt annoyance take hold finding the demands were ridiculous groaned out a disgust sound and without a word finished viewing the disk. Nikolai yanked the disk out and tossed it onto his desk and shut the laptop with a bang sound to find Robert in the doorway with a glare look seen. 
He spoke "What is it now Robert?"
Nikolai glared at Robert who spoke "What's gotten you upset Daddy?"
He heard the sarcasm of Robert's voice tone spoke in response "The Governor and his demands for security to the residence's building for him to take residence. It's ridiculous. He's crazy to think I can get his demands done. I'm afraid I'll have to reject his request to take residence in one of the vacant apartments once I meet his representative."
Nikolai got silence from Robert poured himself a drink of orange juice he figured he'll refer it into a glass cup and sipped the drink only to find his pouch connection vibrating again. 
He growled out "Bitch incarnate Helena. I should have realized you were hiding some where so show yourself."
Nikolai got Helena appearing in a familiar show as Robert was heard verbally maneuvering his wheelchair out of the room with disgust heard from his son's voice. 
He glared at Helena who wringed her waist length hair showing it was wet which he spoke "All Seeing One dumped you into the pool again as usual?"
Helena spoke in response "He had me dumped me into Sea King's Kingdom to meet the Cold Lord who seems to be smitten with me by him trying to be touchy all over the place. Hmph he doesn't seem to take no for an answer. Men are-"
He interrupted "Spare me that talk and tell me where did you ditch your sweetie Michael this time?"
He glared to see Helena roll her eyes followed by her groaning loudly "I should have realized where I dumped him. Blast your Father for that joke."
Nikolai saw her disappear to frown feeling the pouch connection quit vibrating to his relief. He sipped his drink of orange juice and found Annie darting onto the desk to get herself onto his lap. He sighed feeling Annie purring away to rub her back feeling it arch underneath his hand. 
Nikolai sighed while drinking only to hear "Jeez Daddy, can't you do something about Auntie Helena and her weirdness?"
He found Victor in the doorway with arms folded a glare on his face as Annie gave up a loud yowl and got off his lap running into the cat door. 
He sighed and spoke firmly "Victor, how many times must I remind you of your unannounced visits to my office?"
Victor spoke in response "I'm surprised that your mongrel dog didn't alert you of my presence. He's sitting next to you with begging from the looks of him."
He found it was what Victor said about Shaw finding the Paddy seated next to him on the floor on his haunches that gave up whining sounds in some begging tone. Nikolai groaned and got up finding Victor remained in the doorway to go towards the male.
He heard "I took liberty of trimming Shaw's nails. Robert's been whining of hearing the noises Shaw keeps on making onto the floor annoying him."
Nikolai found Shaw quietly walking next to him without the clipping of toenails to sigh as he walked by Victor to found Robert in the hallway giving him a glare. 
He ignored his son to hear "Whining you say, Wannabe?"
Nikolai halted and spoke firmly towards Robert "His name is Victor. Not wannabe. So quit that now my son."
He glared at Robert who gave up his familiar whining noises in response to groan softly and noticed Robert's right hand flexing while the male was tipping back and forth in the wheelchair's restraints. 
He sighed and ignored Robert's whining to find Victor followed him to the kitchen to hear from the male "Robert's always whining whenever he hears something he doesn't want to acknowledge. He whines even when the Ancient Ones that meet him, tell him off on it being his fault that he's stuck in the wheelchair and nothing to do with you using mental abilities. Hmph. He's in denial and has refused to accept the fact that I'm his sweetie despite in another form at the moment. That's despite he calling me that by the word of wannabe."
Nikolai stared at Victor in response to sense Shaw begging for nourishment to sigh and placed down his orange juice to prepare the Paddy food and drink. He went to sit down at the kitchen table while resuming sipping his orange juice to feel his pouch connection vibrating again to groan softly rolling his eyes. He sighed as Helena appeared into a light show kissy faced onto a familiar male he recognized as Sea King they appeared to him to ignore that they had an audience. 
Nikolai willed forwards Knightman ability and spoke firmly "Get a room."
He found Helena and Sea King breaking off the kiss to glare at him to find them both disappearing in a light show. 
He heard snickering sounds sounding in his mind to groan before mentally yelling "What joke did you play this time?!"
Nikolai heard in response Nightwalker's familiar line involving being the greatest to make him yell mentally "Get out of my mind with that joke now!"
He found whining "Spoilsport!"
He sighed and felt relieved when the Nightwalker persona buried deep inside him was felt no long in control to his relief only to find himself floating in air to look around finding himself falling into his pool while holding onto his drink of orange juice. He fell into the pool with a splash and let go of the cup to find the liquid absorbed by the pool water. Nikolai swam up the surface only to get fur landing on top of him plunging him further into the pool. 
He found the fur belonged to Shaw from the feel of the dog moving all over him and ignored the Paddy to swim up to the surface only to hear "Fetch!"
Nikolai caught the familiar weight thrown by Melinda to find her giving him a glare as he proceeded with clothes on swam in the pool and played fetching games with Shaw. 

Nikolai felt relieved when Melinda declared the lengthy pool workout done and he ordered to shower. He went to the shower room and showered washing the pool water off him while noticing Melinda staring at him from the doorway. He ignored Melinda's staring to find Shaw in the shower room with him shaking water all over the place. Nikolai once done showering took the towel from Melinda and didn't protest as she ran her hands over his front while he was holding onto the cloth. He sighed and dried himself once Melinda quit feeling his stomach muscles he finding it was on his form and seemed to be from his exercising program underneath her training. He sighed again and went to Melinda to place hands through her hair running fingers through the waist length brown hair and rubbed hands onto her scalp seeing her shut her eyes and appeared to like the massage. Nikolai once done with the massage brought his lips to Melinda's lips kissing her on the lips a lengthy kiss while feeling her hands running over his stomach muscles as she kissed him back. He broke off the kiss once feeling Shaw doing his familiar pawing to find Harrington in sight who spoke his familiar Tsk sound. Melinda he eyed walked away out of sight to get Harrington's hand snapping in front of his eyes. He sighed and gave Harrington a glare who without a word thrust him some clothes he finding that they were sweats including sneakers, sunglasses, a hair band for his hair and Shaw's familiar leash. He sighed again and took the items exchanging it for his towel he handed to Harrington who thrust him the familiar scooper's bag he took without a comment. Nikolai walked out of the locker room to find Melinda holding up her familiar recorder.
She spoke "The Governor wants your reaction to his security requests recorded."
Nikolai spoke firmly eyeing the recorder device "Your request for security improvements have me considering rejecting your request for taking residence here. I apologize but the security requirements aren't what I can do to my residence at the moment or in the foreseeable future. That is my message. Excuse me while I go see about getting outside for Shaw's business Miss Mikaela."
He ignored Melinda to go to the elevator to order "Lobby."
A light show blared overhead cutting off the lights plunging the elevator into darkness followed by the thing screeching to a stop.
Nikolai spoke loudly "What's going on?"
He used night vision to glare at a guard putting on Seeing Eye wear goggles to find the male speaking "Elevator is now out of service. We'll have to go via ceiling entrance to get to the next floor. So be ready to be boost up now Sir."
He spoke firmly "Not without Shaw to come along."
Groaning sounded from the guards as he repeated his words firmly only to find a light show flashing in front of him. 
He found Melinda appeared wearing Seeing Eye wear goggles and she speaking as his filming sense when off "His Excellency requests you to reconsider your decision towards rejecting his residence requests as in he had his minions cut the power to your building."
Nikolai sensed she was telling the truth spoke firmly "Tell his majesty to rethink his security plans to the building. I found them inappropriate for me to do. I've accepted him to take residence in the building so restore the power now."
He glared at Melinda fully in the eyes finding her mouth turning into a smirk and found her disappearing in a light show to blink his eyes from the glare of the elevator lights resuming along with the elevator felt going down. He found the elevator going to the lobby to walk out to again meet Melinda appearing in a light show that halted his walk.
Nikolai glared at Melinda minus the Seeing Eye wear goggles which he didn't protest as she grabbed his chin and kissed him fully on the lips he kissed her back. He sighed as she broke off the kiss and gave him a wink followed by disappearing in a light show. Groaning to himself he heard Shaw echo his groan to sigh and went outside ignoring the presses sensed filming him and following as he and the Paddy went onto a jog with stops for the dog to sniff and do his business. 
Nikolai ignored "Ew! That's disgusting!" blared in his mind via Nightwalker persona's familiar talk. 
He mentally spoke in response "Just get to the point of your talk now!"
He heard obeyed to hear Nightwalker speaking within his mind "How well do you know of Melinda Mikaela hmm?"
He frowned sensing himself confused to speak mentally as Shaw got into another running jog while having repeated sniffing the sidewalk "She's a female that likes me."
Nikolai got Nightwalker's familiar comment followed by sensing the persona quit taking control of him to focus onto Shaw leading the way via pulling onto the leash and seemingly excited about something. Nikolai ignored the presses gathered around him filming them both as Shaw ran a beeline route he finding the Paddy was appearing to smell something like food from the smells of it assaulted his nose. He groaned softly as Shaw made a beeline to a female wearing a sundress seated on a bench reading an electronic device in her hand. He sighed and went to the female once Shaw sat down next to him giving him the familiar look. Nikolai sensed the filming continued as he heard snickering sounds from the presses around them both. 
He cleared his throat and spoke loudly "Excuse me Ma'am."
Nikolai got the female lowering her electronic reader showing her face having sunglasses who pulled out an object from her big purse next to her. He tensed only to relax finding the object was Shaw's familiar toy to find Melinda removed the sunglasses and put the electronic reader into the purse and got up going up to him to kiss him on the lips. Nikolai kissed back in response ignoring the gaggle of presses gathered around them silently filming as they both kissed. He didn't regret as Melinda broke off the kiss and took his free hand with one of her hands and without a word walked further into the park sensing Shaw following via leash behind and still chewing onto the toy by the meows sounding loudly from it. Nikolai found Melinda and him silently filmed as they walked into the park while he was still holding onto the leash he finding Shaw not complaining to them leading the way. He heard no complaints from the presses gathered around them silently filming away as he and Melinda walked lengthy in the park till they reached the familiar bench having a familiar male seated wearing a suit and arms folded.
He heard presses blaring "Mike Mikaela! What do you have to say about Charles Nikolai Crimson Junior dating your daughter?!"
Nikolai groaned softly to find Melinda letting go of his hand and walking towards her Father who got up without a word and gave him a glare he recognized Nightwalker would give towards Sodom whenever his son was behaving inappropriately. Nikolai gulped but kept his mouth shut as the Senator without a word got Melinda escorted to a limo and saw them both inside despite the presses blaring for comments. He found the presses ignored the Senator and his daughter once the limo drove away to focus onto him with various questions aimed at dating Melinda Mikaela. Nikolai ignored the presses' questions to jog away while letting Shaw take the lead from time to time. He groaned softly finding Shaw stopping to do his business to his disgust he recalled the bag holding the scooper in his sweatpants' pocket. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as Shaw and he went to his residence building despite stops on the way for the Paddy to do his business including presses kept on boring him with their repeated questions and refused to leave him alone. He ignored the presses and went inside his residence finding the receptionist yelling at a female appearing to be a tourist wearing flashy clothes. He ignored them and went to the elevator to get inside finding another Paddy smaller sized running inside once the doors shut on his order to home. 
Groaning he sighed and spoke while seeing Shaw sniff the smaller white dog "Eli cancel order. Resume to lobby now."
He found his order obeyed to find the elevator going to the lobby to open doors showing the familiar female darting inside picking up the smaller white dog and putting it into her bag. 
He sensed himself filmed to frown as the female thrust him a recorder device into his face and spoke "What do you have to say about dating the Brazilian King's heir to the throne Melinda Mikaela herself?"
Nikolai felt himself shocked as his pouch connection sense going off as he found Helena entering the elevator grabbing the female via the ear and speaking "There you are. Come along and leave the poor man alone Tiffany."
He found Helena using voice orders to get the female out of the elevator including making sure the female's Paddy was secure in her bag as the guards shut the elevator via manual in response. He groaned softly to rub a hand over his forehead while hearing arfs sounds from Shaw sounding in a questioning tone. Nikolai ordered the elevator to move while ignoring that he didn't have the Source in control. 
He heard as he quit rubbing his forehead "Inappropriate voice used."
Groaning again he used the Source to speak "Home."
Nikolai willed aside the Source finding the elevator going up and stopping at the desired floor to walk out unclipping Shaw's leash and found the Paddy lying on the floor snoring loudly. 
He groaned and found Victor in the hallway who spoke "The King just prior to passing away as you call it, reportedly didn't have an heir to the throne of Janeiro as his Kingdom is declared, declared for the natives to accept. His failed successor was reportedly some bum from an island claiming to be his own son biologically despite tests questionable on that. The King during one of his public broadcasts before his passing away status named the Mikaela brothers as his heirs to the throne. Only Mike is able to take the throne in question due to having a full grown daughter named Melinda who the public accepted as the heir."
He sighed and didn't say a word as Victor kept speaking "Besides that was Michael who you met out in public actually and not Mike. Michael is more loudmouthed when it comes to publicity involving Melinda and his family. Mike could care less of the public and has been keeping himself out of sight running Janeiro at the moment-"
"Wannabe!" He heard blared overhead sounding in Robert's voice tone.
Nikolai sighed as Victor without another word took off running. 
He groaned and moaned out loud "I need a drink."
Nikolai went to his office sensing himself followed to find Shaw had followed him inside and was busy snoring on the floor nearby him while in front of the desk. He sighed and poured himself a drink to take some sips of the orange only to feel his pouch connection vibrate to his annoyance. It was followed by an arf from Shaw sounding annoyed to him as there was a light flash in front of him followed by Helena appearing into sight that took his drink and gulped it down in a fast move. 
He spoke "Helena!"
Nikolai glared at Helena with the Source in control to find her dropping the cup choking loudly while running hands onto her throat in some gagging method. He repeated Helena's name only to find himself hit with dizziness as she kept on choking. Nikolai darted towards Helena while she was choking only to find Victor grabbing him along with Harrington pulling him, him giving resistance out of the room. He kept on blaring Helena's name repeatedly as he found the door to his office locked along with banging his fists onto it. Nikolai found himself back in the Underworld facing Nightwalker seated on the throne while noticing a female angelic being with a humanoid form who's wings were flapping in a furious pace over a scale. He groaned again and focused onto Nightwalker's latest victim to find Helena standing there with a frown on her face. Nikolai groaned softly to find Helena split into two females with her face he recognized one as his Mother Tamara and sister Helena. He sighed recalling that Helena took up the persona of Tamara while in Brazil but kept the Helena persona while else where in Terra. 
Nikolai didn't say a word in response as he spoke his familiar line "Admit your sins." Towards the two females to frown finding an energy ball come out of both to join into one ball he took out to put on the scale. 
He heard the angel being shriek "Acknowledge her!"
Nikolai frowned finding Tamara he wasn't sure which one giving him a glare while the other one he assumed was Helena was giving him pleading. 
He heard the familiar clock ticking noises spoke firmly "She saved my life."
Nikolai found Helena sinking into the Underworld while Tamara's form shifted into a twin of the female angelic being that got wings with a bald Human feminine form in a robe and went up towards the dark sky appearing to be going to the Summerland as darkness came to him and he felt nothing else.

Nikolai came to finding himself lying on the floor of his residence in front of his office he finding the door was glowing whiteness to his confusion. He walked away towards Robert's bedroom to find the door was locked and refused to open despite his attempts to jiggle the doorknob. Nikolai didn't say a word instead kept wandering around his residence apartment finding doors refused to open for him. He groaned softly and went to the elevator to find it was shut and refused to open to his annoyance. 
Nikolai willed forwards the Source only to hear "We have a heartbeat! He's coming through! Mister Crimson, if you can hear us stay with us now!"
He obeyed finding his body becoming heavy while feeling something of an oxygen mask covering his mouth as air was forced into the area. He kept on hearing excited voices to frown feeling himself confused to why he was hearing them. Nikolai found a hand gripping his left hand as he came to from the darkness surrounding him. He jerked open his eyes to flinch from the glare of a light blaring onto his eyes to focus as the oxygen mask was removed onto the hand's owner he finding no one there but felt the hand removed itself. Nikolai frowned feeling his pouch connection dead within him as familiar from his drinking alcoholic drinks. He eyed the people gathered around his bed to find that they were medics and he was in a hospital from the looks of things. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line and kept the Source in control hearing silence from the medics as one spoke "Alright let's call it. Death happened at one o'clock."
Nikolai stiffened hearing the voice speaking it to find himself not alone in the room but other medics gathered around a bed covering a form that appeared to be feminine and had a shock of black hair. He found a doctor waving a wand device into his eyes despite he flinching from the light's blare to glare at the medic. 
Nikolai kept the glare as the doctor held up two fingers and spoke "Copy my hand's gesture with your hand now."
He obeyed finding his left hand held up by a medic a nurse as assumed finding himself having weakness hitting him. Nikolai kept his eyes onto the doctor to find the male kept waving the wand into his eyes despite it annoying him. He willed aside the Source finding the doctor kept on waving his wand into his eyes and refused to give another hand's test as his hand was freed. 
Nikolai spoke "What's going on?"
He heard his voice sounded like he had Nightwalker's persona in control despite willing it back into him he finding it refused to roar within the back of his mind. 
Nikolai eyed the doctor warily to hear "I'll tell him."
He exhaled a breath hearing Victor's voice to find Victor into view holding his hand and gripping it with a look of panic in his face despite displaying narrowed all black eyes. 
He kept his mouth shut as Victor spoke "Alright what do you remember before you woke up here hmm?"
Nikolai spoke firmly despite sensing the persona in control "I remember drinking a sip or two of my bloody drink followed by my pouch sister coming into sight and taking the drink and gulping it down. My memory is terrible after that."
He narrowed his eyes while eyeing Victor who sighed and spoke "Actually what do you remember before that as in being in an elevator hmm?"
Nikolai exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak only to hear "That female with that dog was a terrorist from some poor country targeting Janeiro's ruler-"
"Robert!" He heard yelled by Victor who twisted away from him as he recalled an incident of a Paddy running into an elevator followed by the female chasing to interview him.
Nikolai spoke loudly as Victor gave off Robert's name again "How did that terrorist take me down in question as you call her, Robert?"
He glared at Victor to find the male looking at him with mouth into a grimace followed by hearing the door to the room shut as he heard squeaking noises of a bed removed before that. He kept the glare as the medics around him left him with Victor while hearing door slamming sounds. 
Nikolai heard in response "Actually your butler was caught via recorders pouring some kind of poison appearing to be pest poison into your orange drink."
He exhaled a breath to find Victor kept the hold onto his hand as Robert was heard "Your pouch sister must have figured out the poisonous status appeared into view and took the drink before you could poison yourself to death and gulped it down. Your pouch sister is dead as declared by the doctors working on her body that found her beater organ refused to restart no matter what they did to it."
Nikolai groaned softly to find Victor's hands gripping his hand in a tighter grip as he looked to find Robert in the room seated in his wheelchair. 
He got an Ugh comment from Robert to hear from Victor "Daddy's mental ability appears to be permanently out at the moment instead of willed back like yours Robert."
Nikolai exhaled a gasp as Victor looked at him with the mouth into a thin line despite his eyes still narrowed appearing to be staring at him. 
He kept his attention onto Victor to find the male speaking "The moment you were found hospitalized one of the Mikaela brothers, Michael I assumed was him pretending to be Mike, publicity ranted about not approving of the relationship between you and Melinda. The public is kind of conflicted at the moment with mixed results. He took the public excuse that some female with a Paddy got into your elevator and poisoned you. He's aware of the secret excuse is involving your butler in question doing that poisoning. Michael I guess wasn't happy about that poisoning status instead ranted to the presses that he didn't approve of the relationship."
Nikolai exhaled a breath as Victor continued speaking "Melinda is currently aware of this status that happened to you. She has publicity said that she's willing to keep the relationship and doesn't give a damn if her father doesn't approve. Sounds like she likes you enough to pursue you further."
He exhaled another breath after inhaling to frown finding Victor kept on holding his hand in an ironclad grip to his annoyance. 
He glared at Victor and spoke "Release my hand now."
Victor he glared didn't obey instead kept on holding his hand this time loosening the hold. 
He heard "Daddy the poison has affected your eyes to appear to be twin like wannabe's here."
Nikolai exhaled another breath and focused onto Robert finding his persona refused to get willed away as his son spoke "Your voice sound like it was altered too. It's not sounding the same with the Source in control. It's sounding between either one at the moment."
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Robert to find Victor's hand hold become more ironclad to his annoyance. He gave Victor a glare to find the male was gesturing to his chest with his free hand to indicate something but wasn't going to say it. Nikolai looked down aimed at his chest to groan softly finding his veins were appearing to look black this time while running on his pale skin and refused to go away despite he hoping it would. He looked at his arm to find the familiar vein running to his annoyance to groan loudly as Victor's hand was joined by another hand he finding the male had both hands gripping his hand in an ironclad hold. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as he sat up finding Victor kept the ironclad hold onto his hand. He removed the blanket to look at his legs finding the familiar black veined look to look at Victor.
He spoke firmly "Is this on my face?"
Nikolai heard an ahem sound from Victor to focus onto Robert finding his son had managed to verbalize his wheelchair closer to the bed and stopped once he stared. 
He found Robert appearing to gulp before his son spoke "I think its best for you to look in the seeing glass and see for yourself."
Nikolai exhaled a breath recalling that seeing glass was speak for mirror to find Victor balked letting him get off the bed by pushing him down and speaking "Just stay in bed now. You need the rest."
Nikolai spoke "The Paddy I was given as my bodyguard? Where is he?"
He heard a knocking sound on the door in response found Victor speaking "I'll get it. Just stay in bed."
He obeyed to eye Victor going to the door to peer around it via window coverings on the window next to it. 
He frowned as Victor opened the door holding it a crack and loudly speaking "I don't think it's a good time for you to see him."
Nikolai frowned as the door was pushed further despite Victor's attempts to keep it a crack Victor repeating his words. 
He heard a familiar arf sounding loudly to speak "Victor who's that at the door? Just let them in!"
Nikolai glared at Victor who spoke "Just be warned on what I saw from him."
He found Victor opening the door wider to find Melinda walking into view with her familiar dog she having a glare on her face that turned to shock seeing him along with a hand clamping over her mouth. He heard her give off a loud Oh sound. 
Nikolai spoke firmly "Just tell me what you see? I know what's going on with my body but not with my face. I haven't seen-"
Another oh from Melinda interrupted him followed by her dropping the leash to the Paddy and running out of the room he hearing Victor slam the door behind her. Nikolai groaned loudly and laid his form onto the bed while putting an arm over his eyes.
He heard "There goes the relationship. The public will never accept a freak like Daddy to be paired to Melinda Mikaela. They'll insist on someone else instead. Someone pleasing to the eye anyway.
Nikolai didn't comment a response to Robert's words instead thought to himself as he laid in bed "Who can love someone like me as a freak of nature?"
He felt his Nightwalker's persona in control as he thought the thought to mentally yell "Get out of my mind now!"
Nikolai found his mind quit the persona to groan softly as he felt Victor's familiar hand hold onto his hand ironclad hold firmly holding. 
He heard nothing in response from Victor as he heard "Things are going to change."
Nikolai found himself agreeing with Robert's comment to frown thinking to himself "What will I do with my life now?"
Nikolai sat in his office thinking of the memory fully in his mind. He kept on sipping his alcoholic drink he recalling the incident of his poisoning a lunar cycle ago. He kept on sipping his drink recalling that Helena actually passed away from the status of poison hitting her body via the orange drink he was drinking. He rubbed a hand over his face that had a scarring like mark in a black circle on one cheek highlighted by his black veins that were all over his body. He felt the mark on his face that felt like scarring to him and wasn't indicating of veins to him despite the grooved ridges felt. 
Nikolai recalled fully since his poisoning he kept himself out of sight of public and told Robert in Victor's presence "Your both going public as my sons to represent me. I refused to show myself for them to ogle and call me a freak."
He sighed recalling that Victor in response got into a shouting argument with him on what he said as Robert gave him a glare in response and remained silent. He kept on sighing to recall fully that Victor with Robert without a word towards him left his residence one morning taking Shaw with them and hadn't been back the whole time he mopped in his office drinking his drink. He sighed recalling one of the guards came into his office that grimaced seeing his all blacked eyed look and markings on his face despite the lights off in there while wearing seeing eye wear goggles. 
Nikolai kept on sipping recalling fully that the guard spoke "Your elevator has been adjusted to your voice pattern's orders Sir."
He kept on sipping the drink and recalled waving away the guard who left him he recalled that Robert a half lunar cycle later sent him a letter transported by guard to him with his name on its address. He recalled he was forced to turn on the light in his office to read the letter once dismissing the guard. Nikolai grimaced drinking recalling the letter's contents was that Robert with Victor without Shaw had gone to the United States' Long River State territory via plane and was currently staying with a claimed friend of theirs, a female dubbing herself Amyanna that was running an insane asylum for Humans some seemingly animalistic. Nikolai leaned back in the seat using night vision in his eyes he long ago killed the lights and shattered mirrors in the residence via abilities including his own fisting. He kept on sipping the drink as he heard Shaw's familiar toenails clicking onto the floor followed by a familiar whining noise off his left side he ignored. 
He kept on drinking recalling that he was saddled with taking care of Shaw by Robert and Victor by a guard coming into the office with the Paddy and telling him "Robert and Victor want you to get out and about with Shaw and his care Sir."
Nikolai ignored the guard in response to keep on drinking like he habitually had done while contained in his office ignoring Shaw's efforts for playing fetch and doing anything else but sit and drink. He leaned back on the seat to feel a familiar toy dropped onto his lap by Shaw while hearing a familiar whining noise. He growled an annoyed sound and picked up the toy it squealing a meow sound and threw it away from him. Nikolai heard Shaw's toenails clicking away in a fast move followed by hearing the familiar meow sounding again. He didn't comment a response to Shaw again dropping the toy onto his lap which he threw his cup at the wall that was displaying pieces of a shattered mirror in disgust. Nikolai got up and again threw the toy for Shaw to fetch. He felt himself still clad in his bathrobe not willing to shower or do anything for his hygiene as Shaw again came up to him to drop the toy while giving off faint whining noises. 
He grunted in response and spoke loudly "Shaw go away. I'm not in the mood."
Nikolai heard whining sounds from Shaw sounding like the Paddy was pleading to groan without a word picked up the toy and threw it out of the office. He made sure the doors were shut via mental abilities once Shaw was out of the room. He groaned once there was a light show in his office to find Barry appear giving him a glare and appearing to be sniffing him. 
He spoke firmly "Just go away and leave me alone. I don't want your pity or anything on how freakish I look. Just leave me alone."
Nikolai ignored Barry sense glaring at him to go to his office's couch to sit leaning back only to hear the male speaking gibberish he figured was Compeller's voice talk to find himself no longer leaning against the couch but floating in the air. He found himself dumped into his pool from the looks of it only to find his senses blaring warning. Nikolai reached the surface of the pool to find himself in an outdoor pool from the looks of it while noticing people gathered outside some having familiar expressions of shock and horror on their faces when they saw him. He exhaled a breath and without a word got out of the pool to find his arms grabbed by two appearing males displaying Ancient Ones' eyes and gripping the area with ironclad holds. 
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the males hauled him through the crowd of people he hearing comments "Disgusting! What a freak! You need to clean the pool of his freakish germs actually!"
He felt himself further disgusted as the males got him out of the mansion and threw him into the dumpster in the street. He climbed out growling angrily at Barry to find himself transported to his office again from the looks of it. 
Nikolai glared at Barry who spoke "Just do something about that dog of yours now!"
He didn't comment a response waved a hand to find the office doors opening followed by Shaw coming into view still carrying his familiar toy that gave off its familiar noises. He found Shaw dropped the toy in front of him while sitting on his haunches and cocking his head with a look in his eyes he seeing was pleading to him. He picked up the toy only to find Barry catching it as he tossed it towards the office doors. 
Nikolai glared at Barry who spoke while jabbing the toy in his direction "Cut pitying yourself, Nikolai. Take a look at Shaw now. He's not pitying you. He still wants you to be his Master. Just take his attitude on life and do it."
He sighed as Barry tossed him the toy to find the Compeller he figured was the male's mental ability, disappearing in a light show. He groaned as Shaw pawed him while barking excitedly and sensed the Paddy trying to snatch the toy out of his hand's grip. 
He sighed and tossed the toy onto the floor and with a loud groan spoke loudly "Lights!"
Nikolai groaned seeing his office was in a mess of shattered items including stuff on the floor to indicate that Shaw was using it as his personal bathroom. He found Shaw happily chewing onto the toy in response ignoring his glaring stare. Nikolai found Shaw kept on ignoring him to keep on chewing which he groaned and without a word went out of his office to his public bathroom.
He thinking to himself "A shower will do me some good."

Nikolai came out of the bathroom with nervousness hitting him. He sighed as he sensed Shaw pulling onto the leash while he was clad in sweats, sneakers and his familiar sunglasses covering his all black eyes. He sighed again as Shaw made a beeline to the elevator and found the guards ignored them both as he pocked the bag holding the scooper. 
Nikolai gave the order "Lobby."
He found the elevator refused to budge Eli speaking "Inappropriate wording for command."
He gave a guard a glare who spoke firmly "Entrance."
Nikolai repeated the guard's wording to find the elevator going down he feeling himself nervous but found Shaw not budging on wanting to go out. He went out of the elevator finding the receptionist doing a double take look but formed a frown seeing him. He ignored the male's frowning expression to let Shaw pull him out of the residence to out into the warm air and into the noises of the city. Nikolai sensed himself filmed from senses blaring but found Shaw appeared to be more interested in pulling him than helping his nervousness. He didn't comment a response as Shaw pulled him to the familiar patch of grass he finding the shop clerk giving him a familiar glare while appearing to be ignoring his freakish skin. Nikolai sighed as Shaw did his business which he used the scooper to toss the crap into the refuse can.
"Hold on a minute Sir." he heard from the shop clerk making him groan softly.
Nikolai put away the scooper and found Shaw made a beeline towards the shop clerk while pulling him he sighing and didn't comment a response. He found the shop clerk handing Shaw a cookie who chewed it noisily as the male looked at him with narrowed eyed looks.
Nikolai exhaled a breath and adjusted the sunglasses till they were on top of his long black haired head to find the shop clerk speaking "I've seen worse than the looks of you Sir."
He exhaled another breath and put on the sunglasses in response as the shop clerk removed a part of his sword arm showing a stump in the end while holding a fake arm. 
He sighed as the shop clerk spoke "I got my arm taken off from a boat accident as a youngster. Never drink on a boat to get influenced underneath it. Propellers did lots of damage after it threw me and those poor kids I was with into the water. I've seen the damage fully in my mind enough to have nightmares from it. Hence I stuck in this job. I can't seem to get the public to accept that a loss of limb doesn't make me an invalid but a more determined individual actually. I'm stuck with this job because it was the only job I could get to get someone to agree to give me a chance to work for a living. You're lucky you have both arms Sir."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response as the shop clerk placed his fake arm back onto his stomp he noticing a claw in place of the hand. 
He sighed and found Shaw pulling onto the leash in a direction he spoke "Thanks Sir.'
Nikolai got from the shop clerk in response "Don't thank me. Thank yourself that you have more to living than I do. I would be willing to trade places with you if that meant having two arms. Don't forget that there's someone out there who's life is worse than yours you hear Sir."
He gave a head bob and found Shaw again pulling onto the leash which he sighed and didn't comment as the Paddy ran ahead of him he forced to jog. He found himself agreeing with the jogging exercises to find Shaw led the way all over the place he ignored himself stared at by people some heard gasping loudly when they saw him. Nikolai ignored their gasps to keep jogging all over the city till booming sounded. Nikolai found Shaw giving off a loud arf in a panicky voice tone and made a beeline appearing to be towards the residence building. He found he had to restrain Shaw from crossing roads with traffic on it and forced the Paddy to a crosswalk the dog whining in a panicky tone. He ignored the noises of a water storm to find a vehicle stopped in the road indicating it as a limo followed by a familiar male coming out making a come gesture. Nikolai sighed seeing a familiar guard of his as he pulled Shaw to the vehicle to find the male adjusting the car door to let them both inside. He got inside finding Shaw got onto his lap and seemed panicky stricken by the noises of the rain falling onto the car's roof as there were booming noises heard. Nikolai sighed and didn't comment a response as he forced himself to sooth Shaw that kept on the panicky behavior till the vehicle arrived to his residence's entrance to find no one outside to his relief. He sighed and forced Shaw out of the vehicle and ran into the entrance finding the water splashing all over the place including onto him plastering his clothes to his form. Nikolai walked into the lobby finding the receptionist nose to nose with a familiar female who he noticed had a small white Paddy wandering around that made a beeline towards Shaw while yipping loudly. He sighed and found the female looking in his direction forming a grimace as he removed his sunglasses while giving her a glare. He found the female without a word picked up the small Paddy and darted out of the entrance into the water storm and was seen darting out of sight. Nikolai heard whining from Shaw as he got himself into the elevator.
He heard "Residence." from a guard.
Nikolai obeyed to give the command to find the elevator going up showing his familiar office floor once doors were open to his annoyance. He glared at the guard to find the guard ignored his glaring and throat clearing noises. Nikolai felt Shaw pulling onto the leash again which he allowed the Paddy to pull him out of the elevator finding the guards manually shutting the doors once he was out. He grunted an annoyed sound went to unclip Shaw's leash to find the Paddy stuck to his left side as he took a route to his office. He sighed finding his office doors open and took a look inside finding a female wearing a maid uniform cleaning the floor via specialized floor cleaner vacuum. He tiptoed away and went to Robert's room finding his son's items were gone from there and the room looking bare of items and only having a pillow and blanket on the bed. Groaning loudly he sighed and laid his form onto the bed shutting his eyes only to feel pouncing of Shaw's paws onto his front.
Nikolai mumbled "Can't I get any sleep around here?"
"Sheesh." he heard to open his eyes finding the maid in the room who jabbed a feather duster at the doorway while giving him a glare.
Groaning he got up as the maid spoke "Kindly see yourself washed and cleaned Sir. Your dog stank up the room again with his expelling mess I have to clean up."
He sighed finding it was what the maid said he finding Shaw had left a mess on the floor to groan finding the Paddy wasn't shamed in doing it. Instead was giving him playing behavior of a Paddy's offspring while bouncing around. He sighed and grabbed Shaw by the collar and hauled the Paddy to the public restroom. He sighed again once Shaw was freed the Paddy going to stand in the tub while panting loudly with tongue stinking out. Nikolai didn't comment a response instead stripped himself of his clothes putting them onto the sink counter including the sunglasses to stiffen finding the mirrors were replaced and firmly put in view showing himself. He stiffened further to ignore Shaw by going to the familiar body length mirror to yank its door open and eyed himself fully up and down. Nikolai exhaled a breath finding his body was still displaying its familiar black lined look to his disgust. He recalled the shop clerk's words to put a hand onto the mirror's door intending to slam it. Nikolai found Shaw getting into view to paw him via front paws onto his front the Paddy giving off soft whining noises he recognized that the dog wanted him to stop being angry. He sighed and gently removed Shaw off of him and without a word got the Paddy into the tub and gave the dog a bath. 

Nikolai found himself agreeing with Shaw's attempt to have a routine and normalcy within the residence including trips outside for jogging and running around as the suns passed. He sighed one sun of finding presses gathered outside when about to take Shaw for a jog. He felt himself nervous but forced himself to face the presses who became silent seeing him as he removed his sunglasses. Nikolai found the presses left him alone in response as Shaw pulled onto the leash taking him into a jog through the city. He sighed sensing himself still filmed to figure it was from a member of his organization recording him for his son and Victor's questions on his welfare. He ignored the filming to find Shaw went to his familiar patch of grass he seeing the shop clerk kept his familiar glare. He ignored the shop clerk's glaring to let Shaw do his business along with tossing out the crap into the refuse can. Nikolai heard nothing from the shop clerk as he felt Shaw pull him further away towards the park which he found a running path jogged onto it with the Paddy sticking onto his left. He ignored joggers coming into view some heard gasping loudly as they went pass him. Nikolai kept on jogging finding Shaw seemed to have unlimited energy despite attempts to stop and rest. He kept finding Shaw kept on pulling the leash and making a running jog around him in a circle when he paused to catch his breath. He sighed once he saw a bench in sight went to it despite an older woman on it reading a book. 
He sat down and sighed loudly only to hear an "Oh my!" from the woman next to him sounding familiar to him. 
Nikolai ignored the female to catch his breath feeling relieved to sit as he heard Shaw's familiar meow sound to find the Paddy was chewing onto his familiar favorite toy. He sighed and eyed the woman finding her appearance was twin to Melinda but this time wasn't Melinda from her eyes indicating its color. 
Nikolai sighed and didn't say a word as the woman put her book down and leaned over speaking "Where have you been?"
He sighed hearing her accent was of an American native to speak "Just wallowing in pity ignoring everything all around me and not realizing I should have done what Shaw here is doing. He lives in the moment. Doesn't give a damn about the past or future as long as he lives period."
He sighed again as the woman placed her book back into her bag and added while adjusting her position to face him "Tell me about it Mister Crimson."
Nikolai exhaled a breath recognizing the tone she used was speak for talk on what's bothering you.
He spoke firmly "I lost myself including my pouch sister to something simple as poison via drinking it. I didn't know that I could be brought down by something simple as poisoning. I was assumed with my long life of surviving various medical maladies that I was invincible. I guess I was wrong."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thing line to feel his filming sense still going off as Shaw dropped the toy onto his lap while giving him a familiar gesture for throw it. 
He sighed as the woman spoke "Excuse me. I think I have a lengthy leash for him to run around playing fetch."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response as the woman rooted around in her bag followed by pulling out a familiar rope with a leash clip attached. 
He didn't say a word as the woman adjusted leashes onto Shaw and spoke "So throw away."
Nikolai obeyed to toss the toy onto the grass to see Shaw make a beeline towards it to pick up and trot carrying it in his mouth towards him to again plop it onto his lap. 
He sighed and resumed tossing the toy hearing the female speaking "So tell me what was your reaction to your looks if you excuse me for asking you that question?"
Nikolai spoke "Various emotions all over the place."
He sighed as Shaw plopped the toy onto the female's lap she handing it to him and speaking "Bad shoulders. Can't throw on my doctor's orders. I can still carry bags onto them but lifting up high above my head is impossible."
Nikolai didn't comment a response threw the toy to find Shaw barking loudly in some angry voice tone he looking to find James or Michael Mikaela standing while holding onto Shaw's toy with arms folded. He sighed seeing the male had a glare on his face as Shaw kept on giving off loud barks sounding of frustration to him. 
Nikolai got from the woman in response "That's my cue for my time out is up. Don't mind my son for forcing the issue on having me back to the residence."
He sighed as the female adjusted leashes and handed it to him which he stood up and found her holding out her hand in a Brazilian's fist gesture of greeting.
He thumped his fist onto her hand in greeting as she added "I'm Melinda Mikaela who my granddaughter is named after. You already met her in question. I'll talk to you later."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Missus Mikaela he figured he'll refer her went to the Senator he assumed was the male who without a word took the older woman's arm and got her out of sight while still carrying Shaw's familiar toy. Nikolai sighed and forced himself to jog a route to his residence he finding Shaw not complaining to him giving off the heel command repeatedly for the Paddy's wanting to run elsewhere. He ignored Shaw's wanderlust behavior to allow the Paddy to do his business and made sure he picked up after him to toss out into refuse cans scattered in vicinity. Nikolai found the familiar presses gathered outside that became silent seeing him as he forced himself to ignore them and went into the lobby of the building. He found the receptionist again nose to nose to a familiar female while noticing her familiar Paddy was running around sniffing. Nikolai went up to the female while noticing Shaw sniffing the Paddy. He tapped the female on the shoulder getting her to look in his direction she appearing to be doing a gulping motion. 
Nikolai sensed himself filmed ignored it to speak "Excuse me Ma'am. Something you wish to talk about?"
He got the female in response rolling her eyes and falling onto the floor in a fainting movement which he caught her and gently lowered her onto the ground. 
He heard "I'll handle her and her Paddy Sir!"
Nikolai sighed hearing a guard's voice coming nearer and nearer the male had managed to pick up the female's wandering Paddy and was carrying it secure in his arms. 
He spoke firmly "Just get a doctor to attend to her and let me know what's going on for her to collapsed like that."
He got a familiar salute from the guard in response as he went to the elevator finding Shaw sticking to his left side which inside he sighed and spoke "Residence."
Nikolai felt relieved to feel the elevator going up only to stop with a jerk at a floor he saw wasn't his office but his vacant residential apartments. He found a male standing in the hallway he recognized to be Mike Mikaela he figured was him who formed a nervous expression on his face.
Nikolai spoke firmly "Use of the elevator involves all residents in my building Mister Mikaela."
He got from Mike in response "No thanks, Mister Crimson. I'll take the stairs. I need the exercise."
Nikolai frowned as he saw Mike dart away in a running jog movement to his annoyance while hearing arfs from Shaw sounding of growling noises. He sighed and again gave the command for residence to find the elevator going down to his annoyance. He glared at a guard who ignored his glare as he found the thing stopped at the pool room's floor. Nikolai found Shaw barking excitedly while straining against the leash and trying to pull him out of the elevator. He groaned softly and without a word allowed Shaw to lead the way to the pool room he hearing loud music coming from the room to his annoyance. Nikolai went to the doors to yank them open finding the music continued on blasting as Shaw led the way to the pool's edge. He found a female form swimming in the pool while clad in a bathing suit as Shaw looked at him with a look he sighed recognizing as pleading. Nikolai went to the radio and shut it off followed by the female quitting her swim he saw was Melinda herself. He didn't comment a response as Melinda made no movement to get out of the pool instead appeared to be staring at him while wearing pool's goggles. 
He found Shaw still straining against the leash without a word released the Paddy and picked up the familiar weight while loudly speaking "Fetch!"
Nikolai tossed the weight into the pool near Melinda finding Shaw chasing after it joyfully. He went to sit down onto a bench and leaned back with sunglasses still on his head he ignored Melinda's staring she still wearing the goggles. He sighed once Shaw got out of the pool with weight in his mouth to drop in front of him while sitting on his haunches. 
Nikolai took off his sneakers and socks dropping them onto the floor and without a word yanked off his clothes he muttering to himself "I should be doing this myself instead of having a trainer."
He ignored Melinda's staring once naked to dive into the water after tossing into the weight. He found Shaw had joined him into the water and didn't comment a response towards Melinda as he and the Paddy played games of fetch involving the weight. Nikolai felt like he had an enough of the games got out of the pool finding Melinda sitting on a bench with a male next to her giving him a glare. He groaned softly finding the male was one of the Mikaela brothers he not sure which one was which as the male tossed him a towel. He took the towel without a word and dried himself then went to his clothes to put them on he finding himself glared by Mister Mikaela and stared by Melinda still wearing her goggles. Nikolai ignored Shaw's familiar growling noises sounding like it was aimed at the male as he put on his clothes and shoes including clipping the leash onto Shaw and without a word walked out of the room.
He heard loudly once he was in the hallway to the second entrance of the pool room "Melinda I don't want you associating with that freak of nature Mister Crimson has become now."
Nikolai felt his mood plummet further halted his walking finding Shaw remained quiet while again giving off faint growling noises as he heard loudly "Uncle! That's not nice to judge someone by their appearance!"
He heard in response "Melinda, please just stay away from Mister Crimson. He looks like he acquired some sickness that appears to be sickening people from the feeling I'm getting when I was around him. Even the presses were creep out by his looks and refused to shadow him traveling around with that mongrel in question."
He felt his mood plummet further to kneel while letting go of the leash. 
He found Shaw refused to leave his side as he felt tears spill from his eyes as he continued to hear "Jeez Uncle! You forget what you said when I tried to join the police force in question! Don't you remember what you said about it even when I managed to get into the police academy?"
Nikolai silently rocked his form as Shaw placed a paw onto his shoulder while giving off a familiar pleading look. 
He heard from Mister Mikaela "I recall and remember what I said. I said a poor thing like you wouldn't last in the police academy. You proved to survive it and managed to graduate top of your class the first female to do it. So what does it have to do with Mister Crimson in question Melinda? I still insists that you stay away from that ruffian. I'll see that the pool is drained and hazardous cleaned of his sickness."
He heard the voice sounded nearer and nearer followed by a gasp sound including Shaw's familiar growling noises as the Paddy was felt tensed in the leash paw off his shoulder. 
Nikolai ignored the noises to continue on crying tears to hear "Uncle, what were you saying hmm?"
He ignored Melinda's voice sounding within the hallway with him to hear "Melinda I was saying the truth that he wasn't acknowledging which he appears he's getting the message I wanted him to get by his behavior. Now excuse us Mister Crimson while we go to our residences."
Nikolai kept on crying tears ignoring everything around him and didn't notice anyone around him as he slid to the floor and released the leash and curled into a ball shutting his eyes willing himself to sleep. He felt a cold tongue licking his face each time he tried to will himself to sleep he hearing Shaw's familiar arfs sounds sounding in a pleading voice tone. He groaned and without a word forced himself to open his eyes and forced himself to get up taking the leash. Nikolai didn't comment a response as Shaw led the way to the service elevator to his confusion to find his familiar guards inside.
One spoke "Orders from the King is you're to take this service elevator for traveling around the residence including to outside and no where else around here. Sorry what his Majesty orders his word is law higher than your word Sir." 
Nikolai felt himself numb again didn't comment a response walked inside the elevator finding Shaw kept on giving off his familiar whining noises. 
He ignored Shaw's whining to speak "Home."
Nikolai heard an ahem noise from a guard to hear "I'm not given responsibility to touching the proper buttons to where your to go. I'm told to direct you to the numbers on your orders in question."
He groaned softly and eyed the guard who spoke a number he finding the number on the button console in number one to five in Brazilian's language numbered scrawl. He sighed and pressed the button and without a word felt the elevator go up with a jerky movement making his stomach revolt to the vibrations. He felt his stomach continue its revolt as the elevator with a jerk stopped at the floor followed by the doors banging open. Nikolai stumbled out finding his legs shaking followed by finding his stomach's contents refused to stay down. This time came out of his mouth spilling onto the kitchen floor he hearing Ugh comments from the guards. He grunted to kneel and kept on throwing up till his stomach quit its heaving. 
Nikolai got up in response to find a guard speaking "His Majesty is right. Mister Crimson is really sick."
He gave the guard a glare while removing his sunglasses to find the male in response forming blank expressions on their faces and refused to acknowledge his glare. He found Shaw pulling onto the leash which he freed the Paddy from it and slung the cord onto the kitchen counter in a harsh move. He felt his mood bad again marched to the kitchen's Cooler Preserver to yank out food he figured he'll feed the Shaw. He fed and watered Shaw before going to sit down in a chair at the table and placed his hands onto his forehead while rubbing. 
Nikolai ignored Shaw noisily taking nourishment to recall his Father hiding somewhere in Brazil to mentally yell "Father! Here me out!"
He wound up to hear from Nightwalker's persona within him to hear "What do you want now?"
Nikolai heard the annoyance in the voice tone spoke mentally "Just tell my Father to arrange for transportation for me to come visit him now for a lengthy stay. I'm not wanted around in Elizabethan Town now."
He kept on rubbing his forehead to hear in response "Sorry I can't do that. Bloodies or what's left of them, just admitted publicity to whoever aboard their tin cans that their tuned to us and can hear every word we say. Sorry we have to watch what we say. The Bloodies are doing some kind of recording actually onto what we're saying just to figure out what we're up to. Too many jokes played according to them to the point that their recording our sayings and trying to figure out what stunt they call it we're up to. Sorry you'll have to figure it out yourself."
Nikolai felt his mind quit its voice grunted an annoyed sound hearing the regret in voice tone as he removed his hands to sit leaning back. He yanked off the sunglasses and threw them away from him hearing nothing to indicate them being clinked off the floor. He heard an ahem sound loudly along with the familiar sunglasses hitting the table.
Nikolai looked with a glare to find the familiar maid was there wearing a doctor's mask and jabbing a mop's end towards him and towards the kitchen's entrance with a glare. 
He grunted an annoyed sound and spoke firmly "It's not my sickness that made me throw up. It's the elevator's movements that made me sick in question."
He found the maid's eyes narrowing with a glare of anger flashing in them to get up finding Shaw accompanying him to his office. Nikolai found his office smelled of cleaner to him and wasn't reeking of Annie's familiar Dumperium he looking around and couldn't find the cat around or her litter box. Nikolai went to sit down in the chair finding his familiar alcoholic cooler preserver still stocked with his Beers' drink. He yanked out a bottle and threw the cap towards the wall cleared of shattered mirrors. He ignored Shaw's whining to sip the bottle he feeling his mood bad again. Nikolai kept on sipping the drink till he sipped the bottle's entire contents before throwing it onto the wall letting it shatter he feeling his mood still bad again. He felt himself angry got up and began pacing back and forth in his office ignoring Shaw felt pawing him. He ignored Shaw to fist his hands while thrusting them up and down his sides he feeling his mood become worse off. Nikolai kneeled and gave up roaring sounds of anger while ignoring Shaw still pawing him. He kept on roaring and roaring as tears spilled from his eyes till he felt like he had enough of roaring to burst into wailing noises while rocking his form back and forth. Nikolai kept on wailing and rocking seemingly lengthy till he felt like sleeping crawled his way to the couch and laid his form onto it curling into a ball and shut his eyes willing himself to sleep. Nikolai felt Shaw getting onto the couch next to him to feel the Paddy put his chin on top of his head and remained sitting there lengthy as he kept his eyes shut willing himself to sleep seemingly lengthy.

Nikolai slept on the couch seemingly lengthy till he felt Shaw's familiar pouncing onto his side to groan getting up while opening his eyes. He found the familiar maid in the room jabbing a finger aimed at his office door and giving him a glare. He ignored the maid to go to the public bathroom to give Shaw a bath finding the Paddy had cuts on the bottoms of his paws he feeling confused to why the dog had them. 
Nikolai showered once done bathing Shaw to figure to himself "I might as well go outside."
He took Shaw to the familiar service elevator clipping on the leash and pressed the button for the elevator's doors to open. 
He stood waiting lengthy as the doors opened followed by a guard walking out speaking "I'll take the Paddy out for you Sir. You should be in bed resting from your sickness."
Nikolai spoke firmly "I'm not sick! I'm fine! I'm taking the Paddy out for a jog!"
He got the guard giving him a glare in response and speaking "I have my orders from His Majesty, Sir. What His Majesty orders I obey."
Nikolai found the other guards thrusting their handguns aimed at him while standing in the elevator. He growled an annoyed sound and thrust the guard the leash and without a word walked away hearing Shaw barking arfs sounding like he didn't agree to the handover to him. Nikolai ignored Shaw to go sit at the kitchen table as Shaw was forced into the elevator followed by the doors shutting. 
He groaned to think to himself "That's the last time I'm going to see Shaw. I think His Majesty as he calls himself will have Shaw removed from me and my presence. He'll probably be keeping me contained in my residence on a permanent basis. Mostly till my skin condition clears up. I have no idea of when it'll clear up. I suspect that it won't and I'll be forever contained in here."
Nikolai groaned softly while rubbing a hand over his forehead. He leaned back in the chair seemingly lengthy forcing himself to sit staring at the kitchen's entrance to the service elevator. He heard the doors open followed by squeaking noises including noises of air hissing to his confusion. Nikolai looked to find four male figures wearing hazardous uniforms with oxygen masks pulling a stretcher with some tent material on it come into view. 
He gulped seeing them to realize with a start "He's tossing me into a medical facility where I'll be contained on a permanent basis."
Nikolai didn't comment out loud his thought as the males got a hold of him and thrust him into the tent contained on the stretcher bed along with air blowing at him making him sleepy. He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing screaming sounds that sounded familiar to him. Nikolai frowned hearing the screaming as he felt himself restrained on a bed while finding himself contained in a cylinder that was blowing air at him at the head. He ignored the screaming he hearing it was his voice he was screaming. Nikolai cut his screaming in response to a tapping sound onto the roof of the cylinder he seeing a window showing a familiar face he recognized as Missus Mikaela. 
He eyed Missus Mikaela as tears spilled from his eyes as he pleaded "Help me."
Nikolai kept up the pleading as Missus Mikaela in response held up a device to her mouth appearing to be a microphone her mouth moving.
He heard "Tell me what's going on with you contained in this cylinder hmm?"
Nikolai found himself telling everything starting to what he heard from Mister Mikaela and ending with him contained in the cylinder he added "I'm contained on the assumption I'm sick with something. How can I be sick with something when all I know is poison got into my system that killed my pouch sister and gave me this skinned look in question? It was my sons Robert and Victor who told me of this poisoned status. I spent one lunar cycle pitying myself and drinking myself drunk on account of my skinned status. My sons got fed up and fled me to Long River Place State as they said via note to a friend of theirs supposedly living there."
He looked away sensing Missus Mikaela was still staring at him "I'm stuck in this cylinder on the account of people assuming I'm sick with something. I'm not even sure of what I'm really sick with in the first place to wound up in here. All I know is my skinned status was a result of poison getting into my system I had from drinking some drink called orange juice. It's a drink I had in my office for awhile contained in a pitcher. I only drank two sips of that orange juice before my pouch sister arrived into view via some light show and gulped the rest of it down."
Nikolai looked up finding Missus Mikaela was still there appearing to be listening to him whine as he added "I can barely tell what happened next. All I remember is my pouch sister choking soon after drinking the drink. Victor, one of my sons and Harrington arrived into view and pulled me away from the room me screaming for my sister saying her name of Helena-"
He heard a gasp sounding of Missus Mikaela's voice tone kept on speaking "My pouch sister Helena went as two identities while living in Brazil with me. She went around as my pouch sister Helena who died at birth appearing to be smothered to death by her own mother. Luckily a midwife arrived and managed to save me before the mother could smother me to death. Anyway my sister Helena who lived as long as I lived too many lifetimes outliving normal lifetimes' life spans used the identity of Helena when living in Brazil to pose as my pouch sister. I'm not even sure if Victor and his sweetie as he calls Robert is aware of this deception in question. I don't know what's going on with my own pouch sister Helena in question."
He cleared his throat and continued "I don't even know of anything involving poison bringing down my pouch sister Helena in question. She's used various mental abilities to avoid suffering medical ailments including having someone take her place to do that suffering in question. I wasn't so lucky in that manner. I had to put up with my body doing its own self healing manner despite sick with medical ailments involving it. I even suffered motion sickness while on planes even in jerky elevators to throw up my entire contents of my stomach."
Nikolai heard her giving off another gasp as he kept ignored to keep on babbling "I had this mental ability that involved eye color chance I dubbed Knightman. It involved making my eyes no longer Human's style but the look they are now. It also involved changing my voice and speaking in some voice tone that creep people out hearing it. I even had mental abilities involving manipulating objects like opening doors with a hand wave. I even had a mental ability involving manipulating people to do things when I touched them anywhere on their skin including waving a hand in their direction. I could with a hand wave or hand gesture make them choke via throat and make them suffer no feeling in their bodies anywhere on them."
He kept on babbling ignoring Missus Mikaela's gasping noises "I managed to pass down that mental ability onto Robert who's now paralysis an invalid in a wheelchair from him taking an ill fated horseback ride through the United States to see his mother for Night's Eve holiday. As for Victor, he was originally the son of a male that my pouch sister Helena was married to at the time. Victor's mother was reportedly some immigrant from the United States some out of work actress who this male got into a mating ritual. She wound up carrying Victor and his sister at the same time then birthed them alone in some seedy apartment. She smothered Victor's sister in some pillow cutting off oxygen move she used her reasons for that Andreea was useless to her and shouldn't live while Victor should live to be the heir to the throne of Nightwalker's despite she not a Sonya. He wound up living to get crowned via Nightwalker but my pouch sister Helena with her craziness of targeting Nightwalker in some mating ritual, played a joke trick of having Victor posing as Gomorrah, die in some helicopter explosion."
Nikolai gave up a Hmph sound and added ignoring Missus Mikaela looking away from him as he looked away to babble "My pouch sister was trying to get herself established as a Goddess in Brazil a trick she did in Britain. It didn't work in Britain so she tried Brazil. Too bad the restless natives didn't fall for that trick and she had herself declared dead in a car explosion using some kook to take her place. I wound up saddled with Victor as my son as my responsibility. I'm always cleaning up Helena's messes hence I refer her as bitch incarnate to anyone. I'm not even sure of where she put her latest boy toy she's targeting with marriage on her mind, at the moment. Last time I saw him he was posing as some elemental named Sea King. I saw them both appear in my kitchen in some ridiculous lip lock. I used the Source in control to tell them to get privacy as in get a room. My bitch incarnate sister with the ability of a Compeller don't ask me how she got it used that voice to transport her and her boy toy out of my sight."
He felt himself getting sleepy kept on babbling ignoring himself shaking his head "I always know when my sister is near me by the familiar feeling I would get triggered whenever in her presence. Besides I was drinking alcohol for awhile to numb that pouch connection. Its lack of connection within my sister drove her crazy to be a lunatic enough to want it restored. I wound up since I was holed up in my residence resume drinking that alcohol for a lunar cycle time ignoring my own body functions till Shaw....started....demanding... me....to....live."
He found sleepiness took control shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Nikolai came to feeling pawing onto his front along with pouncing all over the place on him. He grunted an annoyed sound and rolled over only to feel Shaw's pawing he assumed was the Paddy doing onto him. 
He mumbled "Let me sleep."
Nikolai heard a loud meow sounding in an irritated tone he recognized as Annie's familiar meow to feel her pawing his face with her paw meowing in her familiar begging voice tone.
He grunted and opened his eyes to find Annie sitting on his front while he was lying in bed he finding himself back in Robert's bedroom to his confusion. Nikolai heard barking sounding loudly followed by Annie giving off a loud hiss sound. 
He spoke loudly "Shaw off!"
Nikolai forced himself to get up from the bed only to feel the floor was lumpy to his confusion while hearing groaning sounds of a male's voice tone followed by the familiar "Ah Bah Wah" noises sounding loudly. 
He found Robert jerking in his wheelchair he confused to why his son was in his presence. He found the lump on the floor was Victor on an air mattress as Shaw pounced onto the male barking loudly. Nikolai grunted finding himself clad only in his familiar sweatpants and no top and no socks as he ignored Victor's grumbling using inappropriate language aimed at the Paddy for waking him up. He walked out of Robert's bedroom to hear a familiar Tsk sound to find a butler standing in the hallway giving him a familiar look on his face. 
Nikolai spoke "Something you want butler?"
He formed a glare as the butler spoke "It's Harrington Sir. I have my orders from His Majesty who's taken residence here. I'm not at liberty to admit what's going on as long as you go to the pool room and submit to your trainer Sir. Be sure to take Shaw with you while you're at it."
Nikolai didn't comment a response towards Harrington's talk instead spoke "Just see that Robert and Victor are up and awake to start their day. Sleeping all day isn't good for a person to do."
He walked away sensing Shaw following by clicking sounds only to hear a loud ahem sound to find the butler following. 
He went to the public bathroom to pause at the door and gave Harrington a glare who spoke in response "If you don't mind me for saying this Robert and Victor really did visit your family relation in Britain. Hence they still in bed at this hour for it's too early for them to be up and awake. It's early for you to be up and awake for your training exercises Master."
Nikolai sighed and found Harrington faded from view when he opened his mouth to talk. He grunted an annoyed sound and entered the public bathroom to find the mirrors removed from there. He went to peer in the body length mirror to find it gone. Groaning he rubbed a hand over his cheek he feeling the familiar grove markings as he eyed his body. Nikolai found his body no longer displaying the familiar black veined look to his relief instead had a different look this time. He sighed recognizing it wasn't the look he polluted his body with and got himself to bathe Shaw followed by entering the shower.

Nikolai found Shaw via leash pulling him to the familiar elevator to find a guard holding a squeaky toy in his hand that spoke "Elevator is for you Master to use if you don't mind having residents taking it in question."
He sighed and didn't comment a response he mumbling loudly ignoring his words overheard by guards once inside the elevator "If I can't say anything nice, I might as well shut up."
Nikolai heard from a guard "Swimming is the password for the pool room's floor in your voice order sir."
He spoke "Swimming."
Nikolai felt the elevator going down smoothly as it reached the pool room floor to find a guard taking the squeaky toy from Shaw dropping it in front of him. He sighed and didn't comment a response as Shaw pulled him via leash out of the elevator to the pool room's hallway entrance. He grimaced hearing loud thumping music vibrating from the room to groan as Shaw ignored the noise and kept pulling him into the hallway. Nikolai ignored the noises of the music to enter the pool room sensing Shaw tense he finding the Paddy was ram rod straight and sensed growling loudly. He found he assumed was the Mikaela brother sitting on a bench wearing headphones and appeared to be reading a book not paying attention to him. He focused onto the pool to find Melinda he assumed was her swimming in it back and forth. Nikolai ignored the Senator and his reading to unclip Shaw of the leash and picked up a weight throwing it in the water seeing the Paddy jump in to chase joyfully. He sighed and took off his sandals and ignored the noises of the loud music to feel relieved being clad in his bathing suit and dived into the pool. He found Melinda seemed aware of him in the pool by Shaw announcing his presence by the Paddy swimming up to her to pounce with licking onto her face she appearing to be good natured by it having her swimming interrupted. Nikolai fetched the weight from the bottom of the pool and swam up to the surface to play a game of fetch with Shaw as Melinda gave him a wave followed by resuming her swimming. He found himself inclined to swim in the pool including doing Melinda's taught exercises while playing a game of fetch with Shaw both ignored by Melinda swimming. Nikolai felt like he had an enough of swimming got out of the pool to find the Senator tossing him a towel which he took without a word to find Shaw had joined him out of the pool and was busy ram rod straight while staring at the male. 
He sighed and figured to himself "I might as well go to the weight room."
Nikolai clipped Shaw's leash and pulled the Paddy into the locker room to the shower room which he stripped himself of the bathing suit and got underneath a shower faucet to sigh feeling the hot water cleaning him as he cleaned himself of the pool's chemicals. Nikolai found the Senator standing in the doorway giving him a narrowed eyed glare as he found Shaw no where in sight he recalled he freed the Paddy once in the shower room.
He ignored the Senator's staring to clean himself all over before walking out to grab a towel and dried himself followed by walking up towards Mister Mikaela while speaking "Excuse me."
Nikolai got the Senator blocking his way while finding the male was holding up a hand to stop him. 
He sighed and formed a frown while eyeing who spoke "Alright admit it Mister Crimson which brother do I appear to you as?"
Nikolai sighed and spoke "Michael."
He got an huh sound from Michael as he added "Victor told me that Michael is more loudmouthed in public while Mike could care less and prefers to not have anything to do with it while running as the King of Janeiro. I heard from him that Melinda is currently the heir apparent."
He clamped his mouth shut seeing Michael's eyes turn all blue to indicate an Ancient One, he forming a frown and cleared his throat while adding "Excuse me if I insulted you with what I said. I apologize sir."
Nikolai got Michael quitting the glare to hear in response "It's Mike not Michael actually."
He sensed the male's words was the truth spoke firmly "I admit it I have some mental sense that can tell lies. You're telling me the truth this time Sir."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to focus onto Mike who appeared to sigh and then the male spoke loudly "Shaw quit hiding and go to your master now."
He heard growling noises sounding off his right to find Shaw with ears flat on top of his head having teeth bared and growling loudly. 
Nikolai spoke "Excuse me Your Majesty. Shaw has appeared to be attached to me."
He found Mike not stopping his way to walk passed the male towards Shaw to take the Paddy via the collar and added "Excuse me I was on the way to the weight room to work out and work out Shaw's exercises on the tread machine. I need to be properly dressed for this."
He ignored Mike to go to his locker to exchange his towel with his familiar sweatpants and shoes onto his feet. He found the leash in the locker to clip it onto Shaw still growling away he noticing Mike was still in vicinity watching him. Nikolai sighed and didn't comment a response to the staring instead pulled Shaw into the weight room and got the Paddy onto a tread machine to run on it while taking off the leash. He ignored Shaw running happily on the tread machine to go around doing his weight lifting exercises he finding Mike in the room's doorway appearing to be staring at him with a scrutiny look. Nikolai ignored Mike's staring to focus his mood of annoyance onto the weights while doing all of the machines till Shaw's familiar growling sounded loudly. He found Shaw next to him doing a chin up exercise and not on the tread machine the Paddy appearing to be glaring at Mike.
Nikolai sat down on a machine's bench catching his breath and spoke "My butler hinted that there was something unsaid he wasn't the person to speak it. Was he referring to you in question Your Majesty?"
He frowned while eyeing Mike to grab the leash lying on the floor and clipped it onto Shaw's collar finding the Paddy obeying to his order "Sit!"
Nikolai frowned as Mike appeared to cock his head like listening to something before clearing his throat and then got from the male in response "You sure about that lying detection sense of yours?"
He spoke firmly "I'm sure of it but there's occasions people have been able to fool me as in not triggering that sense in question. I have a relation living in Brazil that has always managed to get away with lies said in my face and never triggering that detection sense going off. I'm pretty sure that Ancient Ones I dub as Compellers can compel me to accept their words at face value despite not having the sense going off."
He saw Mike's eyes narrow with suspicion in them as he added "My pouch sister Helena can always managed to use her Compeller's voice talent onto me to avoid having me detect if she's telling me a lie or not. It always works every time she uses that onto me. She's not the only one who used that Compeller's voice trick onto me. I've been a victim of numerous Compellers playing it onto me including compelling me to voice what I'm thinking in question."
He clamped his mouth shut sensing Shaw tense via the leash's vibration to eye Mike warily who spoke "Alright do you know what happened to your pouch sister in question?"
Nikolai shook his head no and spoke firmly "I wound up dreaming something rather nasty while having some skin condition involving poisoned that later took out my sister. That's all I know."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to get from Mike in response "Hit the shower room. You stink from the working out. I'll tell you the truth once I'm sure you can handle it."
He sighed and found Mike remained standing in the room as he pulled Shaw still growling out of the room to the shower room to strip himself of his clothes. He found Melinda inside the shower room showering away while clad in her bathing suit. Nikolai ignored Melinda to shower using a faucet opposite from her while finding Shaw wandering around the room sniffing via nose. He sighed and figured that Shaw needed to go to the bathroom made his showering quickly. 
He walked out of the shower room hearing "Hold on Nikolai!"
Nikolai frowned while staring at Melinda he ignoring his naked status as she shut off the water and went up towards him to reach him he finding the top of her head reached his nose. 
He had to look down at Melinda who looked up she adding "What do you know of your pouch sister and what happened to her?"
He sighed and spoke firmly "All I know she was poisoned to death taking some poisoned drink I was drinking in my place. I wound up sickened with some skin condition-"
Nikolai found Melinda interrupting him to put a finger over his lips he sighed softly and got from her in response "Strike Two on Harrington. He really did put poison in your drink that your sister took in your place and passed away from it."
He sighed again and didn't comment a response as Melinda added still keeping the finger on his lips "Strike one on Uncle Jack I refer him by the name instead of Michael. He compelled ordered Harrington to put the poison in your drink."
Nikolai heard the familiar roaring noise within the back of his mind to find Nightwalker roaring within him. He found Knightman itching to take control obeyed to find Melinda put her hand on his chin removing her finger keeping his jaw shut. 
He kept his arms folded as she spoke "Strike two on Uncle Jack. He figured out that the poison was enough to kill immortals like you and Helena like he managed to use against others long lived immortals in question."
Nikolai exhaled a breath through his nose as Melinda kissed him on the lips he kissed her back and sighed when she broke it off to speak "Strike one against my Father for assuming your skin condition was making you sick when it was just a side effect from the poisoned status."
He kept his mouth shut as Melinda again kissed him on the lips he kissed her back followed by her putting hands on his chest to rub the area in a gentle massaging method he sighed from as she broke off the kiss. 
Nikolai continued to keep his mouth shut as Melinda kept talking "Points to Gramma Melinda Mikaela who I'm named after for figuring out that there's more to you that meets the eye via looks and skin conditions in question."
He didn't say a word instead kept his mouth shut as Melinda took his hand and led him to a locker to take out a towel and handed it to him which he dried himself once free of her hand. 
He spoke "Why is Shaw always negative towards your Father and Uncle in question?'
Nikolai ignored his creepy voice tone to will aside the Knightman as Melinda took out a bag from a locker along with a towel and got told "Shaw doesn't like men but he's taken exception towards you being a male he approves of being around me including allowing you to take control of him as his Master."
He sighed loudly to get from Melinda again speaking "Its Shaw who Gramma admits helped her figure out that there was more to you than your appearance looks including your skin condition that turned out temporary. All you needed to kill it off was sleep for a full planet's rotation."
He didn't comment a response as Melinda gave up a loud whistle blast to find Shaw coming into view as if he was hiding in the shower room being quiet. 
He sighed as Melinda added "Get dressed. I think a jog around town will do you some good with Shaw. You both could use the exercise anyway. Excuse me."
Nikolai saw her leave to a changing room he figured was where she was going as he put on his sweats and shoes and sunglasses to sigh finding the familiar bag was in the locker he pocketed along with clipping on Shaw's leash. He sighed and took the route to the elevator finding a guard outside with the doors shut making him frown once the male seeing him held up a hand.
Nikolai frowned while holding the leash he sensing the Paddy tense but kept his mouth shut to frown staring at the guard who spoke "I'm ordered to show you where the stairs are for you to take to the lobby with this Paddy in question. He made too many incidents of expelling in the elevator Sir while you were out of commission. I'm to lead the way to the lobby where I'll wait to handle the emergency's alarms Sir."
He sighed and spoke firmly "Kindly lead the way. I'm itching to get outside."
Nikolai found the guard leading the way to the emergency's stairs to use a keypad to press buttons onto the console to get the door sliding open. He followed the guard down the stairs finding it dimly lighted to notice the male was wearing Seeing Eye wear goggles as he looked via night vision blinking on and off. He followed to reach the bottom to find the guard pressing a hand onto the console's screen to get the door opening in a sliding movement. 
Nikolai got gestured to walk out via guard he hearing "Just let the receptionist know that you're done with your walk. He'll alert me via communiqué Master." 
Nikolai walked out in response seeing a hallway to walk down one end to reach the door yanking it open to find himself walking into the lobby. He found the familiar receptionist nose to nose with a familiar female as a small Paddy was seen wandering around with nose on the ground that gave up yip sounds seeing Shaw. Nikolai sighed finding the Paddy made a beeline towards Shaw to find the large Paddy sniffing the smaller dog in response. He didn't say a word as the female came into view he hearing her groaning loudly she putting a leash onto the smaller Paddy's collar.
Nikolai frowned as he heard "Excuse me Mister Crimson but this dog I'm currently dog sitting for doesn't get to socialize with other dogs very much. You mind walking with me around town while our dogs do their thing?"
He sighed recognizing the voice sounded of Melinda to find the female wasn't Melinda herself but spoke in response "Any chance for my dog as you call him to socialize with another dog is fine with me. He doesn't get to socialize with them either. By the way Ma'am what's your name?"
He frowned eyeing the female who in response spoke "I'm just a residence dog walker walking dogs for a living. I can't have a dog myself due to having a cat that hates dogs. Besides the cat was inherited actually. Anyway the name is Mabel as I'm known via my dog walking business I'm starting around town."
Nikolai didn't comment a response as he and Mabel walked outside to find the presses gathered out there making him nervous. He touched Mabel's arm halting their walk and went to a press's microphone finding presses gathering closely around him silently filming.
Nikolai removed his sunglasses sensing the Source not in control and spoke while gesturing to Mabel "This is Mabel. She has a business involving walking dogs for owners who need to see that their Paddies are exercised."
He heard yips from Mabel's dog in response to find himself gesturing towards Mabel he speaking "She did a good job walking my dog when I was laid down sick with a nasty virus that caused my skin condition. It's cleared up now. I'm highly recommending Mabel to anyone who needs their dog to be walked. Mabel will kindly tell the presses her business motto."
He shifted aside to find Mabel not complaining to hear her going into lines involving her dog walking business he finding the presses ignoring him as he quietly slipped away with Shaw pulling via leash. Nikolai found Shaw leading him to the familiar patch of grass to make him sigh loudly he finding the familiar shop clerk giving him a glare. He ignored the shop clerk and waited for Shaw to do his business he finding the Paddy was sniffing around before squatting to his disgust. He pulled out the scooper and waited for Shaw to be done followed by picking up the mess and dumped it into the refuse can. He sighed as Shaw made a beeline towards the shop clerk to find the male unfolding his arms and handing the Paddy a cookie appearing to be made for dogs. He noticed that the shop clerk had a hook for one of his hands he recalling the male's story involving the arm fully in mind. 
Nikolai spoke as Shaw noisily chewed onto the cookie "There's a dog walker named Mabel-"
He was interrupted "Yah I know of her actually. Her dogs habitually like to use that patch of grass as their bathroom. Their friendly with me handing them cookies as long as you and her clean up the mess left there."
Nikolai spoke "I managed to recommend Mabel to the presses with a glowing report of doing my dog walking while I was out sick."
He got from the shop clerk in response "Your telling the truth Sir on that. I've seen Mabel dog walking your dog a few times. No need to recommend me to anything presses wise. I'm perfectly fine where I am. Besides your sick condition gave me ideas on what I should be doing to better my life. I'm in process of doing one of those ideas which is letting Mabel advertise her dog walking business to me and I to whoever comes into the store telling them that. Word of mouth is my way of communicating business towards anyone. I don't feel like using the presses. Just do it your way and I'll do it my way Mister Crimson."
Nikolai gave off a salute in response to hear the shop clerk chuckle as he walked away letting Shaw pull him into a jog he finding himself not winded from his previous exercising. He sighed and jogged finding Shaw leading the way to the park to run on the path finding joggers looking his way without any comments or gasping to his relief. Nikolai sighed and found Shaw leading him to a bench to sit next to a female wearing a white dress showing legs crossed she having sunglasses on and a hat, she reading an electronic book in her hand. 
He sighed and spoke "Excuse me Ma'am."
Nikolai got from the female removing her sunglasses he sighing seeing Melinda's face as she took out Shaw's familiar squeaky toy and tossed it to the Paddy who chewed it happily. He sighed as he went to sit down on the bench next to Melinda putting an arm around her as she thrust him a familiar rope leash. He exchanged leashes with Shaw and threw the Paddy's familiar chew toy who joyfully took off to retrieve it. Nikolai sighed as Melinda leaned against him while finding her still reading her book. He found Shaw's energy seemed endless with his game of fetch the toy as he threw it repeatedly as Melinda kept on reading her electronic book. Nikolai didn't comment a response as Shaw was heard giving off a loud growl he finding Jack, he figured he'll refer him instead of the name of Michael, coming into view clad in his suit to stand with arms folded once he was spotted. He sighed and exchanged leashes with Shaw to find Melinda taking his hand and slung her bag over her shoulder he and her hand and hand going to Jack. He kept a firm hold onto the leash as Shaw remained off his left the Paddy still giving off his familiar meow noises he finding the Paddy was still chewing onto his toy and ignoring Jack. 
Nikolai didn't comment a response as Jack once they reached him spoke "Mister Crimson I have a vehicle for us to tote us to the residence. It's the only vehicle I could think of that would be safe for your furry friend in question."
He heard the pride in Jack's voice tone didn't comment a response as he kept his hold onto Melinda and followed Jack out of the park to the familiar vehicle he finding it a long in length jeep like vehicle to get inside with them and Shaw. 
Once inside the vehicle he clipped Shaw's harness to the seatbelt requirements and buckled up his seatbelt while speaking "Buckle up. Safety first. I've lived too long to know that nothing not even a vehicle like this no matter how strong can prevent an injury to forms."
He clamped his mouth shut finding Melinda and Jack putting on their seatbelts to find the driver copying them before driving it away from the curb. 
He sighed as Shaw's familiar chew toy was heard again to speak while holding up a hand towards the Paddy's mouth "Give."
Nikolai found Shaw dropping the toy into his hand which he held up towards Melinda she speaking "Let him keep it for now."
He sighed and thrust Shaw the toy who joyfully took it to hear the familiar meows sounding from that thing. 
Nikolai spoke "So tell me what's Shaw's reaction towards cats in question?"
He eyed Melinda to hear an ahem sound from Jack to frown hearing from the male in question "Shaw's trained to tolerate cats as long as he's told the special command to keep himself from chasing them which is his name and the word off. Didn't you get the instructions and study them Mister Crimson?"
Nikolai spoke firmly while eyeing Jack "I did study the instructions. I'm rather confused to why Shaw seems to favor a toy that gives off cat's noises, Sir."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear snickering sounds from Melinda to find her speaking in response "Shaw before he was trained to serve me was habitually chasing cats including pets all over the place. His former owner had him as a status symbol and didn't do any training towards him and their favored cats. He wound up dumped onto the pound for the chasing. I managed to get him out to be trained while I was recovering from my medical malady-"
An ahem from Jack interrupted her which Nikolai spoke "Just tell me the story once we get to the residence. I like to hear more regarding Shaw. It sounds interesting even though it's not the right place for telling the story."
He got Melinda in response pulling out her electronic book and appeared to be reading it. Nikolai sighed and leaned back looking out the window as the vehicle arrived to the residence building to find Mabel gone from the presses' view as the vehicle drove by in a fast move and then entered a private garage he exhaled a breath to see. He didn't say a word as the vehicle stopped near the elevators to take Shaw out of the vehicle following Melinda and Jack out. He followed them to a service elevator to find guards inside that shut the door and got it going down in a jerky movement making his stomach getting upset again. He grunted as he felt an object thrust onto his front he felt was Melinda handing him a refuse bag. Nikolai didn't comment a response as the elevator went down then with a jerk went sideways making his stomach rebel in protest. He groaned and threw up his stomach's contents into the bag as the elevator kept its jerking sideways' movement like travel like a subway to him. He found himself ignored as he threw up and found the elevator halted to his relief. Nikolai found the guards opening the doors to show the pool's furnace room which he followed Melinda and Jack out guards remained standing in the elevator. Nikolai groaned softly and heard Shaw's familiar whining despite meows heard. 
He followed Jack and Melinda to the service elevator finding it took them to the pool room's floor and got ordered out by Jack speaking "Mister Crimson your elevator is yours to use as the owner of this building. Besides James, as I call my brother than his hated name of Mike, like I don't care for the recorders in that elevator of yours. Too many presses have been hacking into recordings some private and have been blaring all sorts of trash in the United States. Their currently starting to do it in Brazil excuse the name. Good day."
He walked out and didn't comment a response to find Shaw didn't have his familiar toy with him to sigh figuring "Melinda must have taken it."
Nikolai took the familiar route to the elevator and got inside to speak with the Source in control "Home."
He heard throat clearing noises from the guards as the elevator refused to budge despite Eli's familiar words. He glared at a guard in response to find the male opening a console box showing a camera and jabbing fingers aimed at him and his eyes. 
He sighed and went to stick his eye into the camera hearing a beep followed by Eli's voice speaking "Lockout ended. Orders Mister Crimson?"
Nikolai spoke firmly with the Source in control "Home."
He again heard from Eli "Sleep mode time required. Your residence bedroom is where I'm programming this elevator to go to."
He sighed and spoke firmly with the Source in control "Eli I have a dog with me that might require nourishment."
He got from Eli "Nourishment not set for Shaw. Sleep mode is required now Mister Crimson."
Nikolai heard ahem noises from the guards spoke firmly "Bed."
He found the elevator going up in response to find it stopped at the familiar floor that led to his private bedroom to sigh and walked out hearing Eli speaking "Security recognition elevator locked door open at your leisure."
Nikolai found the elevator doors shut to eye his door he peering at it to indicate nothing involving manipulated to him. He sighed and willed forwards the Source to wave a hand finding the door sliding open. 
He walked inside hearing the door sliding shut and Eli's familiar voice speaking "Security protocols in place. Sleep mode time required."
He found the lights above turning off to his annoyance to remove the leash off Shaw putting it onto a chair and using night vision went to his bedroom to lie down on the bed shutting his eyes he finding his body welcomed the rest by putting him out unconscious.

Nikolai came to hearing the familiar Eli's voice willing him awake. 
He groaned to roll over only to hear "Sleep mode time twenty four hours. Get up!"
Nikolai obeyed despite wanting to stay in bed. He got up and went into his bathroom to find Eli slamming the blast door before Shaw could follow him inside. He glared at the mirror that flashed an image he saw like a TV. He kept his mouth shut as he saw the screen showing an overhead view of Jack Mikaela escorting Melinda like the recorder was following them like a bug. He kept on watching as the recorder followed them into their residence to find Melinda calling for Delancy. 
Nikolai frowned as Delancy came into view followed by Jack removing the harness while speaking "Enough of this disguise James. Show yourself."
He stiffened as Delancy shifted into a full manoid figure wearing a suit that had Jack's face he figured was James who didn't say a word instead gave his brother a glare. 
Nikolai exhaled a breath as the TV screen went blank to hear "MacLeod's dogs."
He exhaled a breath hearing Yerra's comment sounding in his mind as he felt his mind quit being scanned and without a word entered the shower to clean himself. He came out of the shower stall to find Shaw sitting on the floor giving him a pleading look via the eyes as if the Paddy knew what he knew. He sighed and went to Shaw and removed the harness finding the Paddy didn't protest and eyed the gonoid that shifted form into a male manoid he frowned staring who had Melinda's face and her age appearance. He didn't comment a response got dressed into his clothes as the male stood up showing he was clad in Brittany's Redcoat's uniform and staring at him with some pleading look in his blue eyes. 
Nikolai sighed and spoke sounding firm "Out with it now.'
He didn't comment a response as the manoid spoke "MacLeod isn't me anyway. I have nothing to do with MacLeod at the moment."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he put on his familiar sweats and folded his arms clearing his throat while eyeing the manoid who continued talking "The Mikaela brothers have establish themselves as pack leaders of us as our leaders actually. Besides its Melinda who finds us hiding in our dog forms and takes us into adoption to be trained as spies for the Mikaela brothers in question. They have some kind of Compellers' ability in their manoid forms to get us to blab what they want to know when we're in manoid form. As for dog form I'm not even sure if their aware of me or not. Melinda hasn't been heard saying anything about it to Pack Leader in question."
Nikolai spoke sounding firm "Did MacLeod tell the Mikaela brothers how to take my sister out via poisoned status?"
He got from the manoid in response "MacLeod marked you with that mark on your face as a message that he had you pay a price tag while you were suffering from your skin condition."
He exhaled a breath hearing that as the manoid continued speaking "MacLeod always marks manoids via markings on the face always the same on females and males whenever they paid his price tag. His price tag involves the death of someone close to the one paying the price mostly. I'm not even sure of what other price tags he has given people to pay other than the death of one they were close to."
Nikolai didn't comment a response as the Redcoat he figured he'll refer him shifted into Shaw and picked up the harness while giving off a faint whining sound. He sighed and put on the harness and attached collar onto Shaw he figured he'll refer him in his Paddy form. Nikolai didn't say a word in response left his bathroom to go to his sitting room to find his Father sitting in his chair with legs crossed and having hands clasped in front on his legs with a glare on his face. Nikolai exhaled a breath finding his Father cocking his head in a familiar gesture he recognized for him to speak.
He obeyed speaking "MacLeod-"
He was interrupted by his Father holding up a hand cutting him off and followed by the Ancient One speaking "Don't need to mention that name to me at the moment. I already know what's going on with Shaw in question. James when he got transported to my island blabbed everything about that Deity Lord's gonoids including of his ability to shift into a dog and back."
Nikolai frowned but didn't comment a response as his Father got up going towards him he hearing Shaw giving off a faint growling noise he finding the dog was tensed up.
He ignored Shaw to focus onto his Father who halted once an arm length away followed by speaking "Melinda might have the ability to shift as inherited via her Father. I'm not sure of when she'll do this shifting or when it'll be triggered. It's usually triggered by something pretty stressed out in that person's life."
He spoke "How do I broach the subject to Melinda and family on this shifting ability anyway?"
Nikolai frowned as his Father spoke in response "Your Redcoat as he wishes to be referred has to be the one who displays this shifting ability in front of Melinda to get her to talk."
He heard Shaw giving off a louder growl to find his Father speaking louder "Actually Redcoat has to get over being fearful that the Mikaela brothers will control him once he shows himself to them. Melinda I warn you is usually the pack leader when it comes to controlling dogs including not sparing her Father and Uncle."
Nikolai found his Father disappearing in a light show. He groaned and went to grab the leash clicking it onto Shaw's collar finding the Paddy giving off arfs sounding of disgust to him. He sighed and got into the elevator taking it to the lobby and finding the receptionist saluting towards him as he walked by. Nikolai didn't comment a response felt his pocket for the familiar scooper's bag to sigh and walked outside finding the presses no where in sight as the sunrise shined dimly in the sky. He sighed and began jogging with Shaw joyfully running next to him and heard nothing from the Paddy from the running. He ran finding himself agreeing to the jogging till Shaw got in front of him and ran to the park he sighing finding the Paddy sniffing around while indicating his bathroom behavior. Nikolai groaned but didn't have a protest waited for Shaw to do his business. 

Nikolai found himself running all over the city's street with Shaw sometimes leading the way and sometimes escorting him as he held onto the leash. He sighed feeling himself happy from the exercising found Shaw leading the way back to the shop clerk's store to get a cookie from the male. 
Nikolai frowned as the shop clerk spoke "Nice going with getting Mabel business."
He shrugged in response only to get from the shop clerk "Mabel's been too busy to see me with her latest dog she's sitting at the moment. Her business took off from the moment you introduced her to the presses. She's currently in progress of opening a dog sanctuary in another town and using that for dogs to hang around doing play dates she calls them."
Nikolai spoke firmly "I'm sorry that had to happen-"
He was interrupted "Sorry isn't necessary. Mabel wanted to open a dog sanctuary and was busy saving her money for that. Thanks to the publicity you gave her she now has the funds to open one and use for dogs to be contained while awaiting adoption instead of rotting in some jail cell. Believe me I hate being contained in jail. I had my share of containment from public intoxications. Anyway a dog sanctuary is much better than a pound for a dog anyway."
He sighed and found a customer going into the store to find the shop clerk following the male he hearing talk on Mabel's dog business till they got out of earshot. He sighed and pulled Shaw to the familiar patch of grass and waited for the Paddy to do his business. 

Nikolai found the shop clerk didn't reappear to the doorway as multiple customers arrived coming and out which he found Shaw done with his business to toss it out into the refuse can then pulled the Paddy towards his residence. He found Shaw not protesting to stay off his left side running with him as he jogged to the building. He found the presses gathered outside snapping pictures and busy filming him he hearing questions aimed at him mostly about Mabel and what her dog business was. Nikolai recalled the shop clerk's words stopped by a recorder finding other presses gathered around and repeated the male's words regarding the dog sanctuary making it sound like he heard about it but didn't say it was his idea. 
Nikolai found a press person asking him "What do you know of the Brittany dog breed like your dog in question?"
He spoke firmly "All I know is that my dog or Paddy as I refer his species does his job fine enough to my standards. He gets me outside running in the sun getting exercises and helping me be social with people. That's all I care about him and his friendship and his job to help me out."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear from a press person "What do you have to say about the His Majesty taking residence in your building?'
Nikolai spoke firmly "His Majesty recommended this dog to me as a favor so I'm paying the favor by letting him take residence into my building. It's the least I can do for His Majesty helping me out with a problem involving being a recluse and using the dog to get me outside exercising. Excuse me."
He ignored the presses blaring questions aimed at him and with Shaw off his side went inside the building finding the receptionist giving him a salute which he gave a head bob in response. Nikolai took the elevator to his office's floor to release Shaw from the leash and found the Paddy following him to the kitchen he finding Victor inside feeding Robert food. He sighed and went to cook his health nut meal of plant food then ate it in a fast move from the pan including gulping down the drink of orange juice. He found Shaw begging next to him once he was done eating and drinking. Nikolai didn't comment a response to Shaw's begging instead fed the Paddy food and drink finding the gonoid eating it all and not leaving anything left in the bowls. 
He sighed and heard "MacLeod is another identity for an Ancient One."
He stiffened from Robert's words to find Robert looking at him ignoring Victor holding a spoon of food in front of him. 
Nikolai frowned to eye Robert who spoke again "Nightwalker via hints to me and images he gave me in my mind, when he was alive was trying to tell me that this MacLeod was also known as an Ancient One as dubbed by the food slaves in Terra-"
He found Robert interrupted to hear loudly in his mind "Incorrect assumption is more like it."
Nikolai exhaled a breath and found Victor speaking "MacLeod from what I know in Rio Pluto among the Bloodies, has dogs dubbed MacLeod's dogs that are sort of the dog breed originated from Brittany aka Britain that got transported over to the United States via boats with the Redcoats as the British soldiers were called back then, despite Bloodies taking that nickname, in question. Anyway story goes is that the dogs didn't take kindly towards the Redcoats' treatments of them and wound up freeing themselves of their bindings and went wild in nature. Their still hanging around Long River Place State in the forests and jungles but only staying away from manoids and refusing to have anything to do with man and their attempts to be tamed into submission as pets. Those dogs in question got nicknamed MacLeod's dogs by the Brittany natives coming to that state in the United States to live there once the Americans declared independence. The name sort of stuck as a result but their called Leods for short as their official name to this day."
Nikolai frowned but didn't comment a response as Victor got Robert to eat by making car vroom noises with the spoon only to see his son open his mouth followed by a spoon entering it. He sighed as Victor kept up the car noises to find Robert's attempts to speak blocked by Victor's spooning him into his open mouth. Nikolai didn't comment a response found Shaw pawing him via paw onto his leg he looked down and found the Paddy giving him whining noises in some pleading voice tone. He sighed and put his dishes away in the dishwasher and walked away from Victor feeding Robert. Nikolai went to his office to sit only to find Shaw pawing his leg when he tried to shut his eyes. He groaned and without a word got up and found Shaw leading the way to the elevator while sitting near the open doors. Nikolai sighed and grabbed Shaw's leash clipping it on and took the elevator to outside he figuring out that the Paddy was indicating on needing to be outside. He found Shaw refused to get out of the elevator by sitting down and refusing to budge once it reached the lobby. Nikolai found thunder and lightening flashing via lobby to groan softly and without a word forced Shaw outside to do his business he giving the command for the Paddy to do it. He found the rainstorm quit to his relief to find Shaw happily doing his business which he tossed out. Nikolai didn't comment a response as Shaw got him inside into the elevator to take to the pool room floor he hearing the familiar whining noises from the Paddy to indicate it. He sighed and without a word obeyed to take to the pool room's floor to go out hearing the music blaring faintly. Nikolai sighed and got pulled by Shaw to the pool room which inside he found Melinda swimming in the pool as James he assumed was him sitting on a bench reading a book with headphones on. Nikolai found Shaw edging himself towards the pool. He unclipped the leash and threw the weight into the pool finding Shaw joyfully chasing to dart into the water. Nikolai sighed and stripped himself of his clothes finding James eyeing him with a scrutiny look he ignored and once naked dived into the water to play games with Shaw and do some swimming. 

Nikolai sighed once he had an enough of the water games got out of the pool finding Shaw accompanied him to the locker room as he carried his clothes into there to dump onto a bench. He took the familiar ritual of a shower and getting into his weight lifting clothes and got Shaw onto a tread machine followed by doing weights he finding James in the room eyeing him but not commenting a response as he grunted and groaned against the machines. Nikolai found Melinda joining him while she was clad in shorts with her bathing suit still on her form. He sighed as Melinda and him silently worked out underneath James's watchful eye the male glance at his book back and forth as Shaw he noticed kept on running on the tread machine with tongue sticking out. Nikolai found he had an enough of the work out left the room finding Shaw following via toenails clicking to enter the shower's room and showered after stripping himself naked of clothes. He sighed finding the water seemed to agree with him washing off the sweat as he again found James in the doorway eyeing him with a scrutiny look. It made him annoyed but he ignored the scrutiny look as Shaw pranced around the room sniffing. Nikolai once done with the shower walked out of the room with an excuse me comment towards James finding Shaw following him to a locker which he found his familiar office wear clothes inside instead of freshly laundered sweats. He sighed and put on the clothes and found Shaw barking loudly in some arf tone sounding excited to him. He found Melinda coming into view carrying Shaw's familiar chew toy she tossed to the Paddy who chewed onto it happily while hearing it giving off meows. Nikolai once done dressed to find Melinda eyeing him up and down and giving him a look of approval on her face. He sighed but didn't comment as Melinda tossed him the leash he caught and clipped it onto Shaw's collar. Nikolai didn't comment a response as Shaw dropped the chew toy which he picked up and carried it to Melinda.
He sighed as she spoke once taking the toy from him "Who's Mabel?"
Nikolai heard the disapproval in her voice tone spoke firmly "I know of a Mabel who's a dog walker that had a Paddy that got friendly with Shaw here enough to socialize. She gave me this story of being a dog walker in question trying to seek out business. I sort of introduced her to the presses and she went into her business talk which I walked away. I heard from a shop clerk that Shaw likes to frequent for cookies that Mabel got the funds for opening a dog sanctuary in question after I did the press introduction."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut into a thin line finding Melinda in response walking up towards him and grabbed his chin giving him a kiss on the lips he kissed her back. 
He sighed once she broke off the kiss she speaking "This Mabel is named Maribel Glasson. I've been helping her around town with getting dog walking business including trying to help her buy land to start a dog sanctuary. It's in response to police finding dog hoarders in their residences people claiming those dogs were unadoptable hence the sanctuary."
Nikolai heard an edge in her voice tone frowned but didn't comment a response as Shaw gave up his familiar growling noises he finding James in sight with arms folded a glare on his face. 
He didn't comment a response towards James spoke "Excuse me."
Nikolai took Shaw via leash and walked out of the locker room unstopped to go to the familiar elevator finding a guard speaking an ahem noise once he willed forwards the Source. 
Nikolai gave the guard a glare in response to hear "Lobby is where there's a car waiting for you Sir."
He spoke the command for lobby to feel the elevator move to that floor and willed aside the Source once the thing reached the lobby's floor. He walked out finding Shaw sticking to his side to find a limo parked at the curb giving him the creeps via looks of it. He gulped but found a driver appearing to look like an Ancient One opening the car door and giving him a narrowed blued eyed glare. Nikolai didn't comment a response got inside the limo to sit while Shaw he noticed had ears flat on top of his head. He looked around the limo to find Barry sitting on a seat opposite from him with a glare. 
Nikolai frowned as Barry jabbed his cane aimed at Shaw and spoke "Redcoat."
He exhaled a breath hearing Barry's word to find the driver had put the partition between him and them in place. Nikolai freed Shaw of the harness and collar to find the Paddy shifting into the familiar Redcoat that appeared to be nervous. 
He didn't comment a response as Barry spoke "Interesting. How long lived are you and your people actually?"
He frowned to shift towards the Redcoat who appeared to gulp followed by the male speaking "We can live lengthy with medical injuries taking us down.'
Barry he heard spoke "Would poison have something to do with that?"
He frowned further as Redcoat spoke "The Mikaela brothers figured out a poison to bring down immortals they call long lived manoids that aren't shifters like I am. The poisoned status was done onto my Master's Helena his sister in question and it killed her."
Nikolai shifted to eye Barry who spoke in response "MacLeod what do you know of him in question?"
He sighed as he heard from Redcoat "Not much. Only that there's a dog breed named after him in Brittany from what I heard from a native speaking it to my Master. Leods this Victor calls the dogs that refused to be tamed by manoids and only staying wild. I figured that the wildness must be shifters like I am that refused to live with manoids as dogs."
Nikolai frowned to find Barry speaking in response "Put his collar and harness back on now."
He obeyed once Redcoat shifted into Shaw and found the Paddy whining in some sad tone but didn't comment a response towards the dog. Instead eyed Barry who shut his eyes forming a concentration look on his face he sighed seeing to figure it involved seeing something within his mind. Nikolai looked out the window seemingly lengthy only to find the vehicle driving out of Elizabethan Town he confused to see. He kept the confusion as the vehicle drove onto the driveway of a house a castle once held by the Bloodies, he recognized as the King of Janiero official residence and once arriving to the dwelling got ordered out by Barry. Nikolai obeyed to take Shaw with him and found the limo driving away once he was in front of the door. He groaned softly and went to ring the doorbell only to find the door opening by a male with looks twin to Harrington that gave up an ahem sound. 
Nikolai spoke firmly "Charles Nikolai Crimson Junior, Sir."
He found the butler he assumed was the male looking at Shaw while speaking his familiar ahem sound which he spoke "This is Shaw my bodyguard and residence gonoid. He has training to guard me only."
He clamped his mouth shut to get the butler backing up edging the door widen allowing him entrance which he walked inside and waited as the male shut the door to frown. He found the butler giving him another ahem sound and got ordered to follow which he obeyed. Nikolai found Shaw stuck to his left side and refused to sniff around as he followed the butler to a dining room where he spotted a suit clad Mikaela brother seated at the head reading a newspaper periodical in paper form. 
Nikolai frowned as the butler spoke loudly "Ahem Your Majesty. One Charles Nikolai Crimson Junior and his bodyguard gonoid Shaw in your presence."
He frowned to find the male the King lowering the newspaper and gesturing a hand for him to sit which he obeyed sitting off the male's right side. Nikolai found staff members appearing to be maids coming into view carrying food on dishes to set in front of him he finding was his familiar plant food diet including drinks of orange in cups. He sighed and felt himself hungry took his time eating the food ignored by the King still reading his newspaper. Nikolai found Shaw sitting on his tummy next to his chair and not begging instead had head up appearing to be alert and wasn't growling as he ate and drank. Nikolai kept his mouth shut once done eating and drinking to find his senses blaring warning once he gulped down the drink of milk he assumed it was. He grunted to feel himself hit with his familiar poisoned status to groan softly. Nikolai frowned while eyeing the King who lowered the newspaper and gave him an Ancient One's glare. 
He frowned as the King spoke "So tell me what do you know of your bodyguard Shaw in question?"
He heard the edge in the King's voice tone spoke firmly "Shaw does the job fine to my standards. I don't see a problem with him."
He clamped his mouth shut to find his arms grabbed by appearing guards having appearances twin to Bloodies to find them lifting him out of the seat and thrusting him to kneel while still holding onto his arms. Nikolai glared using the Source to find a guard grabbing a hold of Shaw's leash and yanking off the collar and harness off of the dog. He kept the glare as the King spoke gibberish to find Shaw shifting into the familiar Redcoat that looked nervous. Nikolai found the King adding gibberish to find the Redcoat speaking in a growling tone of growling and guttural language to him he confused to what was said. Nikolai kept the glare while glaring at the King who kept the interrogation seemingly lengthy then got Redcoat to shift into his Shaw form followed by harness and collar put onto his form. He felt a terrible headache involving Bloodies using their sucking ability onto him to forget the scene to find himself seated at the chair drinking an orange juice drink he having memory of the interrogation fully in mind. Nikolai kept his mouth shut on the memory as Shaw was heard giving off growling noises he reached a hand and rubbed the Paddy's head finding the dog refused to quit his tension. Nikolai sighed and sipped up the orange juice finding the poisoned status within him going away followed by a familiar irritant feeling hitting him. 
He frowned as Shaw got up onto fours and gave him a look he sighed and spoke loudly "Excuse me where your bathroom? I have to attend to my needs."
Nikolai found a butler appearing in sight giving off his familiar ahem noises to get up following with Shaw still with him via leash off his left. He followed the butler to a door in the wall to find it contained a half bath once the door was open. Nikolai didn't comment a response went inside shutting the door with Shaw inside and sighed figuring out that he'll do his business and ignore the dog watching him.

Nikolai came out once done of the irritant still clutching the leash with Shaw off his left. He found the butler in sight giving off his familiar ahem noises. 
He frowned to eye the butler warily who spoke "Excuse me while I show you to your vehicle Mister Crimson."
Nikolai sighed not commenting a response and followed the butler to outside to a limo to get inside with Shaw finding Barry no where in sight. He frowned as he buckled up his seatbelt and locked Shaw into the seatbelt to eye the window with a frown. Nikolai didn't say a word towards Shaw kept his mind blank to stare out the window seemingly lengthy as the limo drove to the city's main buildings then stopped at his residence. He got out with Shaw finding the presses gathered outside pestering him with questions on dating Melinda Mikaela he ignored. Nikolai went inside the building with Shaw only to find the Paddy balking on going into the elevator by collapsing onto his tummy and refusing to budge. He sighed and gave Shaw a glare who in response pulled himself towards the entrance he figured meant bathroom for him. Nikolai walked out ignoring the presses blaring their questions as he found Shaw led the way to the familiar spot and did his business he finding his back pocket had a bag for the solid waste. 
Nikolai ignored the presses and took Shaw inside with no resistance and got into the elevator to order "Home."
He heard nothing in response from the Eli or guards to feel the elevator going up followed by stopping onto his office's floor which he walked out and found Robert in the hallway being pushed by Victor both giving him glares. Nikolai frowned to released Shaw finding the Paddy stuck close to him as he ignored his son and Victor to go to his office to sit down pouring himself a drink of Beer. He raised the glass to his lips only to get a paw pawing his arm holding the glass. He sighed and put the glass down and freed Shaw from the harness and collar to resume picking up the glass.
He wound up to hear "Drinking isn't good for you."
He found Redcoat in place of Shaw that was kneeling on the floor. 
Nikolai sighed and spoke firmly "I was poisoned by orange juice-''
He was interrupted "Don't let poison control you on what you should drink. As long as you don't poison your body with that crap."
He sighed again and spoke "Shift into Shaw now. I want to call for the butler for exchanging drinks."
Nikolai found Redcoat obeying as he bellowed "Harrington!"
He didn't have long to wait as Harrington arrived into view giving off his familiar Tsk sound. He thrust the glass and bottle onto Harrington who took it without a word.
Nikolai spoke "See that my trainer recommends a drink for me to drink instead of this crap without questioning me and my orders."
He found Harrington giving him a head bob followed by fading from view which he focused onto Shaw giving the Paddy a glare finding the dog refused to shift into Redcoat despite he glaring at him for a lengthy time period. Nikolai found Shaw in response lying his form down onto his side and snoring loudly as he heard a loud meow to find Annie on his shoulder rubbing her face onto the side of his head. He sighed and removed Annie not protesting to go sit down on the couch and found the cat squirming. He released Annie as he leaned back and found the cat tummy sitting on his front purring vibrations felt he finding himself lulled to sleep which he obeyed passing out unconscious.

Nikolai came to hearing the familiar spinner storm's noises along with Annie's paws pouncing all over his front while hearing arfs sounding of Shaw barking loudly. He sighed and opened his eyes to find Harrington holding a familiar device that faded from view as Annie quit the pouncing and got onto the couch to sit licking her side. He sighed and got up finding Shaw leading the way to the kitchen the Paddy sitting in front of the cooler preserver and pawing it while giving him a look he recognized was pleading. Nikolai found his stomach grumbling in hunger to sigh and prepared himself some nourishment. 
He found himself eating out of the pan once the food finished cooked and gulping down the drink of orange juice via carton despite hearing "Ew! Daddy that's disgusting!"
Nikolai sighed finding Robert in the room with Victor he ignored to continue on drinking from the carton only to hear "Jeez Daddy, your mongrel must have run you raged didn't he?"
He gave Robert a glare in response sensing the Source in control as he paused from drinking to find Victor speaking "Aw just take that carton with you to your office once you're done stuffing your face Daddy."
He ignored Victor to feed Shaw nourishment finding the male was cooking food using another pan. He found Shaw led the way to the elevator which he sighed and clipped on the leash while drinking from the carton. He found himself an enough of the carton drinking placed it onto the table in the room and entered the elevator. 
Nikolai heard ahem sounds from the guards to give one a glare who spoke "Lobby then pool room sir. I got orders to make sure your outside outing is short."
Nikolai ignored the guard in response took Shaw outside for his bathroom then found a guard picking up the mess via bag and ordering him inside. He obeyed finding the presses not gathered outside instead were silently hiding while sensing himself filmed. Nikolai walked to the elevator and gave the command to the pool room. 
He felt a compulsion to speak out loud spoke firmly "What am I supposed to be doing with my life anyway?"
Nikolai grunted from the question he recalled speaking out loud finding himself in Britain's nation island of Irishland chained in the dungeon of King Brittan's descendant's castle to his annoyance as Shaw wasn't around but sensed no where near him. He glared with the Source in control aimed at the current King of Britain holding the Brittan name that was giving him a glare of a Lower One in response. He kept the glare as he felt the whip hitting his back he refused to cry out in pain despite he naked bare of clothes. Nikolai kept the glare aimed at King Brittan whatever number he was on as the male held up a hand and felt the whipping quit to his relief. He kept the glare as King Brittan spoke in gibberish he finding himself relaying everything about the Mikaela brothers being heirs to the Janeiro, Brazil's throne. Nikolai found himself omitting the Mikaela brothers using abilities to shift into dogs and back including omitting that Shaw was one of them. He kept the glare in response as he heard familiar barking sounds to find a guard pulling a resisting Paddy that looked twin to Shaw to him via catch rope. 
Nikolai kept the glare as King Brittan spoke "Talk Nikolai on what job does your Paddy does in question other than body guarding you?"
He kept the glare but remained silent as the Paddy gave up growling noises he heard sounded of Shaw to find the dog was glaring at King Brittan with a glaring stare. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as King Brittan spoke gibberish he finding himself relaying what he knew of MacLeod's dogs including mentioning that they could shift into manoids and animal back including pointing out that his Shaw could do that ability himself.
Nikolai felt himself annoyed with what he blurted to the Lower One's talk abuse of the Ancient Ones' compeller language to glare at King Brittan who spoke firmly "Kindly tell me how to get your dog to shift now."
He heard the firmness of King Brittan's voice tone found Shaw chewing onto the leash to speak firmly "Freedom from the harness and collar including the leash."
Nikolai found a guard freeing Shaw from both to hear King Brittan using familiar language gibberish followed by the Paddy shifting into a glaring Redcoat. 
Nikolai kept the glare aimed at King Brittan who added using the language towards Redcoat to hear the male confirming what he said related to the Mikaela brothers including saying "Their pack leaders our leaders in dog form. They control us Leods as we refer ourselves."
Nikolai kept the glare he hearing Redcoat had an edge in his voice tone to find King Brittan speaking "Aw shift back into your dog form now Sir."
He found Redcoat obeying to hear Shaw giving off growling as one of the King's guards put on the harness and collar back onto the Paddy's form the dog having ears flat on top of the head and growling loudly. 
Nikolai shifted to glare at King Brittan who spoke in response "Free this Charles and dump him and dog onto a hotel room and erase his memory of this visit now."
Nikolai found himself freed of the ropes followed by transported back into his inn's room with memory still intact to find Shaw with him that had the leash in his mouth. He grunted an annoyed sound and went into the bathroom facilities to shower off the pain of the whip. He recalling it was Britain's time for Night's Eve's celebrations something his Father was doing as an declared Ancient One for the Ancient Ones to flaunt around Terra, while he was holed up contained in an inn's room out of town. Nikolai grunted from the pain while in the shower only to sense a light show behind him to spin around while in the tub underneath the water to find Melinda clad in her bathing suit giving him a glare. He kept his mouth shut and didn't protest as she turned him around till his back was facing her and sighed as Melinda rubbed the soap over his aching back. Nikolai sighed as Melinda massaged his back he finding his pain going away and didn't protest as she got him to face her. He sighed again as Melinda proceeded to soap him all over not sparing his privates he sighing from her massaging touch. He didn't comment a response as Melinda once she was done massaging him hugged him in response. Nikolai sighed from her hug to hug her back hands onto her back while gently leaning the side of his head against her head. He kept his mouth shut as the soap was felt washed off via the water as Melinda kept on hugging him seemingly lengthy. He heard a loud arf sounding of Shaw in the bathroom with him along with a door knocking sound sounded of three knocks. He groaned recognizing James's knocking code from the male doing it whenever he wanted Melinda's visit to him to be over with. Nikolai sighed as Melinda broke off the hug and kissed him on the lips a peck then got out of the shower he hearing her manipulate the door to the bathroom. He sighed and heard Shaw's familiar bark along with whining noises and pawing onto the curtain. Groaning he forced himself to get out of the tub shower combination and put on the bathrobe after drying himself. Nikolai walked out finding Melinda and James no where in sight but Shaw sitting on the floor chewing onto a familiar toy he hearing it giving off meows. Nikolai groaned and went to the bed to lay his form down shutting his eyes he figuring to himself that he'll sleep and get rest. He obeyed to sleep till sunlight blared onto his face waking him up he finding his Father completely wearing his armored clothes and helmet on, in the room peering through a curtain with sunlight blaring onto his face. Nikolai groaned and rolled over only to find Shaw on the bed licking his face and pawing him awake. 
He groaned "I'm up and awake."
Nikolai forced himself to sit up as Shaw was felt getting off the bed to sit nearby on his haunches. He eyed his Father that put the curtain back giving off a loud sound of disgust to his confusion. 
Nikolai spoke while confused "Father what are you disgusted about anyway?"
He frowned as his Father removed the helmet and gave him an all blue eyed glare followed by Ancient One speaking in his creepy voice "The restless natives of Britain have refused to drop seeing your sister as a Goddess at the moment despite she deceased."
He groaned and laid his form down onto the bed in response only to feel Shaw pawing his leg. 
He sat up finding his Father had put the helmet on only showing his eyes giving him a glare and speaking "It's time for you to return to the United States' state of Elizabethan Town now. So get dressed. I'll handle His Majesty with his nosiness regarding Brazil's king ruler so get going now. You're supposed to act like you don't know why you have pain in your back my son."
Nikolai groaned and forced himself to get up stripping himself of the bathrobe to find his Father making a turn around gesture with his hand. He sighed and turned around in a slow circle while holding his arms spread. 
He kept his mouth shut as he turned around to face his Father who spoke "Hmph. MacLeod marked your back with his familiar marking as in doing you a favor again like anyone else's he does for."
He sighed and didn't comment a response forced himself to put on his business clothes and shoes while feeling himself in pain. He ignored the pain to pick up his carryall bag and took Shaw via leash and walked out of the room finding his Father disappearing in a familiar show. 
He went to the innkeeper's desk to hand in his key and spoke "I like to use your phone for calling for transportation please."
Nikolai got nothing in response from the innkeeper a female wearing an apron who thrust him the landline phone he dialed for transportation via memory only to hear crackling sounds on the line. 
He grunted as he heard "MacLeod here. Just get yourself to Cornwall town and await further instructions. I'll remove that mark off your back once the favor is done for me."
Nikolai sighed hearing the voice sounded creepy like Nightwalker's voice as he found the transportation's representative speaking on the phone. 
He spoke firmly "I like to get a cab to Cornwall town please."
Nikolai heard gasps from the innkeeper to give her a glare as the lady on the phone spoke "It'll be done as soon as possible. Just wait outside for the cab to arrive to the inn in question."
He sighed and heard the dial tone in his ear to hang up the phone while rubbing a hand over his forehead to hear "Cornwall town isn't a town but a castle that is reportedly haunted by spirits of the dead. No one in Irishland goes to there when its sunset. Only during the day is when they visit. Never during the evening hours."
He sighed hearing the innkeeper's voice to frown not saying a word as he took Shaw outside and stood on the lawn letting the Paddy do his business. He found a refuse can nearby used his familiar scooper to do the job as there was a horn honking. Nikolai found the cab arrived giving him the creeps by the sinister look on the driver's face as he got inside. He found Shaw whining in some fearful tone as the cab's driver without a word drove onto the dirt road and drove lengthy as night fell. He peered out the window using night vision seeing nothing but low lands that seemed to go on for miles till there was a castle in view. Nikolai found the driver stopping the cab at a fence with a sign having MacLeod's name on it and refusing to budge as he was ordered out by the cab's driver. Nikolai obeyed as thunder rumbled loudly making Shaw giving off whining noises sounding fearful to him. He sighed and walked up the dirt driveway towards the castle he finding wasn't in ruin but appeared to be well kept from the looks of it. He reached the door entrance to use the door knocker to knock onto the door. Nikolai heard whining from Shaw as the door swung itself open showing no one in sight but a dark hallway. He walked inside as the rains fell hard with lightening and booming noises. Groaning he found the door slamming shut behind him while cutting off the storm's noises and giving off its familiar electricity's humming noises to his confusion. He sensed himself filmed to frown looking around with night vision finding an armored knightman figured like his Father's armored look coming into vie. He frowned as the knightman, he assumed was the armored figure, without a word reached towards Shaw's leash and took the Paddy still whining away from him into a doorway he hearing multiple dogs' barking sounding happy to him. He sighed and stood looking around as another armored knightman came into view via appearing out of no where and took his bag from him as a second knightman arrived gesturing him to follow. He obeyed following the knightman feeling brave to a door having a glowing light shining underneath it. Nikolai found the knightman opened the door and gestured him to go inside. He obeyed to find firelight in the fireplace shining brighter and brighter till he felt pawing from Shaw all over his front as he found himself lying in bed on his back with his back not stinging of pain. Nikolai groaned to roll over from the light's glare he finding it indicated a lamplight only to feel Shaw kept up the pouncing. He grunted and jerked open his eyes to glare at Shaw finding Melinda in the room appearing to be an inn's room giggling loudly. Nikolai sat up finding himself chained while kneeling on the floor clad only in his familiar food slave outfit to his confusion. He looked around finding a familiar sinister knightman was seated in a chair drinking from a cup through the mouth piece's opening to his confusion as he found himself back into his Nikolai suit. Nikolai shook his head of the confusion to grunt feeling pain in his back as he arched feeling the stinging of the whip get worse off of him. He grunted in response as the stinging quit after a lengthy arching to find the sinister knightman was still seated but quit drinking from the mug. 
Nikolai frowned while eyeing the sinister knightman to hear "Identify yourself now!"
He frowned finding the voice sounded of Helena to him but seemed different as he spoke "Nikolai."
Nikolai heard the voice speaking again repeating the words with an angry voice tone which he spoke "Charles Nikolai Crimson Junior aka Nikolai."
He got the voice repeating this time using a firmer voice tone to open his mouth only to feel a hand clamping over it he finding his Father next to him from appearing into sight holding his familiar helmet in hand. 
Nikolai frowned as his Father gave the sinister knightman a glare he heard "MacLeod, greetings its Victor, an Ancient One as I wish to be called. This is my offspring Mordecai as his given name. His name he's taken now for living too lengthy is Nikolai."
He frowned as his Father removed his armored hand off his mouth followed by the sinister knightman making a shooing gesture towards him to find Ancient One kneeling after forcing him to stand and twisting him around. Nikolai sighed and walked out of the room hearing the door slamming shut he hearing screaming sounds of terror behind him. He darted to the door to force it open only to hear the familiar electricity sounds coming from it. 
Nikolai spoke loudly "Father!"
He felt a tap on his shoulder to find an armored knightman next to him who made a gesture to come. He groaned and without a word followed the knightman to the entrance to find another knightman holding Shaw via leash and his bag. He took both and felt a wind blowing him out of the house to walk outside onto the dirt driveway to find a cab seated there with the familiar driver reading a book. Nikolai got inside hearing nothing from the driver who removed the book and started up the car. He frowned as Shaw gave up whining noises sounded annoyed to him. He sighed and gave Shaw's head a rub in affection as the cab's driver drove him lengthy through dirt roads to reach a main road holding stone buildings on the sides. He frowned as the cab went through the narrow streets to reach a major road appearing to be a highway and drove on it with cars driving opposite from the United States' declared driving road's style. Nikolai groaned softly as Shaw was felt settling down into a tummy sit position along with half sitting on his lap. He sighed and kept a hand onto the leash as the cab driver drove him to the familiar private airport and got ordered out. Nikolai got out with Shaw finding the cab driving away and disappearing in a puff of smoke to his confusion. He sighed and walked onto the planes' field to find his personal plane parked ready for him to enter. 
Nikolai sighed and spoke to himself uncaring that he was speaking out loud "Just hope this weirdness stops."
He heard an arf from Shaw sounding like the Paddy was agreeing with him as he entered the plane with the dog to sit in a seat buckling up. 
He groaned feeling his familiar motion sickness take active again and mentally spoke to himself "This is going to be a lengthy long ride."

Nikolai groaned of relief once the plane landed in the United States' state of Elizabethan Town state's main capital city to get out with Shaw going to his familiar vehicle to find Barry inside having a frown look on his face. 
He sat and eyed Barry warily to find the male speaking "MacLeod what do you know of him in question?"
He sighed and spoke "Nothing not a thing."
Nikolai frowned as Barry spoke "MacLeod, according to legend, was the first native from Aire, our home, the home of Ancient Ones, that found the travel gates that led to Terra during the time of the flood started overtaking the mostly land world."
He exhaled a breath but didn't comment a response as Barry kept speaking "MacLeod was the first who went through the travel gates, reportedly a tree with a door in it and found Terra He's the only native that managed to return to Aire and got the natives, mostly Humans aka Ancient Ones, to travel through the travel gates out of fears of the flooding waters holding something sinister enough to eat them. The natives came out of his current home Cornwall castle via travel gates to there that shut down once all were through. He managed to become the Ancient Ones' first King in Terra on Ireland as its called among us Ancient Ones, and not Irishland as its nicknamed. MacLeod became King, involving the natives and had a castle built in the spot where the writings of the word of Terra was found and deciphered. It was found on a cave wall in someone's handwriting despite no one pointed out who wrote it. It was MacLeod who said that the writings were saying Terra hence the natives call this word by its name."
Nikolai frowned but didn't say anything as Barry paused to form a frown followed by the male continued on speaking "MacLeod was the first of Ancient Ones to reach deity lord status, mostly in Britain and the nation's territories, followed by your Father in Brazil then your sister Helena followed after that among the primitive Lower Ones in the jungles of the Big River as its called running through Brazil."
Nikolai hissed a breath as Barry gave him a familiar glare he recognized the male wanted him to speak which he spoke "I'm not in the mood to have myself declared a deity lord despite I having an ability to flare Ancient One's eyes look and living lengthy too long."
He heard the firmness of his voice eyed Barry who jabbed a finger to his head and gave him a familiar eyed glare he hearing nothing in response from Shaw but whining noises. Nikolai groaned and without a word felt his head to feel an object like a crown sitting on top of it. He took it off to hiss a breath finding the crown was twin to King Brittan's crown. Nikolai eyed himself finding himself clad in clothes of an Ancient One he finding himself wearing armor to his confusion as he placed the crown back onto his head. He felt urged to will aside the Source despite it in control obeyed finding the armored clothes persona willed aside leaving him clad in his familiar clothes. 
Nikolai groaned loudly as Barry spoke "You saw MacLeod didn't you?"
He gave a head bob not trusting his voice as Barry gave up an ahem sound which he spoke "MacLeod appeared to be a sinister knightman a lower form of Bloody species that doesn't suck blood. Knightmans are always wearing armored clothes, like he appeared to be while drinking from a mug in his gloved armored hand in front of me. He used my sister's voice to ask me who I was. I gave out my actual name and the name I'm known now. My Father appeared in sight via mysterious way and got me out which I heard scream of terror once I was out of the room."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut to frown eyeing Barry who spoke "Were you marked by MacLeod?"
He spoke "My Father said MacLeod marked me on my back in response to doing a favor for me which he was expecting a payment price in response. I went to MacLeod's residence-"
He was interrupted by Barry holding up a hand for silence he frowning finding the male speaking in response "I don't need to know the details of your visit to MacLeod's residence or where that is. Its only MacLeod's business on where he receives guests including who he wants to visit him. I don't care to know. So tell me what do you feel regarding Melinda Mikaela?"
He heard Barry's voice tone indicating that the subject of MacLeod was closed hence his question on Melinda spoke "She's someone I look forwards to spending time with."
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry spoke Compeller's chatter to find the male disappearing in a light show as the limo was felt driving into the city. He sighed and found traffic bad as usual to groan while hearing Shaw groaning in his Paddy's way. Nikolai frowned as he found presses gathered outside to his annoyance as the limo halted at the curb in front of them and refused to budge. 
He sighed and forced himself to get out of the limo to hear from the presses he hearing "Where have you been Mister Crimson?! Are you still dating Melinda Mikaela?! What do you say regarding her being the heir to the Janeiro King's throne?!"
Nikolai ignored the presses to find Shaw squatting over a press's shoe he sighed seeing the Paddy had to go. He didn't comment a response as the press member got out of the way as Shaw did his business followed by tossing out the crap into the refuse can. He further ignored the presses repeating their questions to go inside the building going into the lobby finding the receptionist giving him a familiar salute. 
He sighed and gave a head bob as he found Shaw pulling onto the leash and found the Paddy led the way to the elevator which he got inside and heard from Eli "Sleep mode time required."
Groaning he gave the order "Bed."
Nikolai yawned loudly as he heard his guards echo his yawn in response to his yawning. He ignored the yawning to sigh once the elevator stopped to the bedroom's floor to walk out. He walked out and used his Source's abilities to get into his bedroom's residence floor. Nikolai freed Shaw of the leash and freed himself of his clothes and shoes leaving himself naked. He went to his bedroom and fell into bed face first shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Nikolai came to feeling Annie's familiar paws dancing all over his backside while hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises. 
He groaned speaking loudly "Eli cut the noises and let me sleep!"
Nikolai rolled over throwing the pillow over his head only to hear "Sleep mode time twelve hours straight. Get up!"
He groaned in response and figured to himself "A shower will do me some good."
Nikolai got up and walked into his private bathroom intending to shower. 

Nikolai came out of the bathroom once finished with the showering he finding his sweats sitting on the sit counter to his confusion to why it got there which he put on. He didn't comment a response towards Shaw finding the Paddy was dragging his familiar harness and collar in his mouth. 
Groaning he sighed and placed them both onto Shaw he figuring to himself "Must be Redcoat that placed my clothes onto the sink counter."
He heard nothing in response from Shaw to his comment out loud as the Paddy ran off. He went to sit down in his sitting room leaning back shutting his eyes only to come to feeling pawing from Shaw. Nikolai groaned opening his eyes shaking sleep from them to find Shaw thrusting him the leash and whining in some pleading tone. He groaned and clipped on the leash and without a word got Shaw and himself into the elevator recalling the scooper was in his pocket. He took Shaw outside to jog in the sunrise of a new day he finding himself agreeing with the exercising that was making him more awake. Nikolai jogged around the city with breaks for Shaw to do his bathroom business he finding the Paddy seemed joyfully doing the running all over the place by leading him around. He found he had to block Shaw from crossing the roads due to traffic in them and forced the Paddy to take the crosswalk with the crowd. He sensed himself filmed the moment he went outside but ignored the sensation finding the city's natives were ignoring him traveling around the city via foot. Nikolai felt himself hungry sighed as Shaw made a beeline towards an open door restaurant appearing to let his nose doing the talking. He sighed and didn't protest as he reached the restaurant's entrance to wait for a waiter.
Only to get told by a staff member a waitress stopping by him "Go sit down anywhere you want Sir as long as it's outside. Your Paddy isn't recommended inside from the looks of him not having the proper credentials."
Nikolai opened his mouth to speak only to find an arm linking around his arm he finding belonged to Missus Mikaela who spoke as the waitress made a motion to leave "Excuse me Ma'am do you have an outdoor room for people with pets to sit and receive service since I've overheard what you're saying?"
He sighed as the waitress quit her motion to leave by speaking "Follow me but warn you to tell your dog not to use the restaurant as his bathroom until he's in the outdoor room."
He didn't comment a response escorted Missus Mikaela following the waitress through the restaurant noticing people seated ignoring him and his dog being led through. He kept his mouth shut as the waitress led them through a doorway showing a courtyard with various tables and seats and got led to one to sit down. He sat opposite from Missus Mikaela who appeared to be relieved to sit by her forming a relieved expression on her face. He sighed as he adjusted the leash to tie it around the table's stand finding it very sturdy stuck into the ground and refusing to budge from his manipulations. Nikolai sighed and straightened up his form keeping his sunglasses on as another waiter arrived into view handing him and Missus Mikaela menus. He found himself ordering for orange juice as his drink along with asked for water for his dog via bowl which he agreed.
Nikolai sat back with arms folded while eyeing Missus Mikaela which he spoke "Missus-"
He was interrupted "Just call me Gramma Mel as I prefer to be referred. Missus is too formal for this situation anyway."
Nikolai spoke in response "Where did you come from? I didn't see you around while I was jogging around the city with Shaw."
He sighed as Missus Mikaela spoke "I was in one of my vehicles when I saw you running around with Shaw. Had the driver follow you around sorry for that."
He shrugged in response as Missus Mikaela kept speaking "I just was looking for an opportunity to get you into a restaurant for breakfast. You went into this restaurant I know takes dogs in a friendly way which I managed to get out of the car and ran up to you. The restaurant in question is a little annoyed at people using their own pets as service assistance pets to gain entrance inside the dining room to eat instead of using the outdoor courtyard hence the rudeness of the waitress said to you."
Nikolai found the waiter arriving into view carrying their familiar drinks he finding Missus Mikaela drinking coffee as he sipped his orange juice and sighed once the male handed him a bowl and a bottle of water while speaking "Handle your dog at your discretion Sir."
Nikolai poured out water into the bowl and left it near Shaw's nose he finding the Paddy was sleeping ignoring it and appeared to be tuckered out. 
He sighed and focused onto Missus Mikaela who spoke in response "Shaw's reaction to being in public places like this is to take a nap as trained for him to do it. If you check his ears you'll find that he's alert listening for anything that requires him to act out of safety towards you and whoever here."
He obeyed, eyed Shaw to find the Paddy's ears were flicking back and forth as the Paddy kept on his sleeping status. 
Nikolai sighed and found Missus Mikaela drinking from her coffee cup in a slow move which he sipped his orange juice copying her till the familiar waiter came back asking "Your orders for nourishment Sir and Ma'am."
Nikolai recalled what he could eat as part of his healthy diet opened his mouth only to get Missus Mikaela beating him she speaking "We both will have the breakfast special."
He sighed leaning back with a frown eyeing Missus Mikaela to find the waiter leaving without a word towards him. 
He kept the glare via sunglasses as Missus Mikaela spoke "Breakfast special involves plant eater's diet actually. You should familiarize yourself with the eateries around here. I've been doing it since I've moved to here from the United States' mainland with my husband deity rest his soul."
He sighed and got from Missus Mikaela "So what do you know of Elizabethan Town hmm? Mostly involving the eateries and stores for frequenting business?"
Nikolai raised his hands up in a surrender gesture to get from Missus Mikaela in response "I've since I've moved to Elizabethan Town been exploring the city fully including checking out the restaurants and businesses to frequent for anything I can think of. There's businesses that doesn't just cater to Humans. I've found a doggy daycare for dog owners to have their dogs have socialization while their out doing their jobs. I even found a pet store selling dog treats and toys including other various items for other pets to play and eat with. See about finding those stores yourself with Shaw whenever you're out walking around."
He sighed as Missus Mikaela paused to sip her coffee followed by her adding "So tell me what do you know of Elizabethan Town hmm? Don't tell me talk on the state's past story of being a part of Brazil before the annexation. Just tell me what you know of it now."
Nikolai spoke firmly "All I know is that it's a part of the territory governed by a King involving an island kingdom of Janeiro. And Elizabethan Town like Janeiro is a part of the United States' national territory. Both Elizabethan Town and Janeiro runs on its own leadership and own independence from the United States via King. Reportedly some deal for Brazilians to have in response to the annexation of their nation being a part of the United States in peaceful terms."
He clamped his mouth shut as Missus Mikaela grabbed her bag and pulled out a book she tossed to him he caught he finding it was some romance novel from the looks of it. 
Nikolai spoke "Are you indicating that there's a bookstore around the city for finding information?"
He got told "That's scattered around the city at the moment and the town's library for doing research on current events involving present day Brazil."
He placed the book onto the table finding her holding up a hand open which he placed the thing into it. He didn't comment a response as the waiter came back with two plates holding his familiar plant diet food and placed it in front of him and Missus Mikaela. Nikolai sighed and found himself terribly hungry picked up the fork and began eating the food in a fast motion as Missus Mikaela ate in a somewhat slower motion. 

Nikolai once the meal was over at the restaurant got shooed to leave by Missus Mikaela speaking "Let me handle the bill. It's not my first time I've eaten in here. They know me enough to save a tab for me. I believe I've run leis up quite a bit."
He sighed at the term of leis was speak for money currency despite the dollar used and took Shaw and a new bottle of water out of the restaurant to outside finding the Paddy doing his business on the sidewalk. 
He sighed and walked inside to meet the familiar waitress he speaking "Excuse me do you have a refuse can to properly depose the mess my dog made outside the entrance?"
He found the waitress speaking in response "We'll handle the mess. It's our job to do it. It's pet owners' job to make sure their animals do that outside the entrance before coming inside Sir."
Nikolai gave a head bob and without a word walked out finding Shaw leading the way joyfully running while he forced himself to jog. He ran around the city paying attention to stores noticing stores for various themed items including eateries till his familiar building loomed in sight. He sighed and didn't protest as Shaw made a beeline towards it which he went inside ignoring the presses camped outside pestering him with their familiar questions to his annoyance. Nikolai ignored the presses to dart inside going to the elevator only to find the doors shut and refusing to open despite his voice orders.
He sighed and thought to himself "Robert must in the elevator at the moment."
Nikolai heard Shaw growling to find Jack he assumed was him walking into sight ignoring him and going outside the entrance to face a gaggle of presses. Nikolai exhaled a breath finding Jack standing there appearing to be addressing the presses gathered around him. 
He went to near the entrance to hear loudly in Jack's sniveling voice "Yes I and my family have taken temporary housing in the city. Mister Crimson has been generous to allow me to use his building's entrance as for me to speak to you on matters involving Janeiro and its territories and its people."
He felt Shaw pull him away as he obeyed and went to the elevator finding the doors remained shut which he recalled the familiar route involving the stairs took it to find a guard standing waiting for him. Nikolai sighed as the guard got him inside the stairwell which he walked up seemingly lengthy to his annoyance he finding himself beginning to huff and puff after another endless stairs' set. 
He reached a landing and sat down resting his tired knees as he heard footfalls to find a guard coming into view that gave him a glare and heard "This is not a place for you to be resting Sir! Keep moving now!"
Nikolai groaned in response to hearing the guard's familiar words a guard always finding him halted on the stairwell resting. He forced himself to get up and continue on walking up till he felt like he really needed to sit down obeyed despite a guard urging him to continue on walking.
Nikolai willed forwards the Source and gave the guard a glare while snarling "Do you mind?! I'm trying to get myself up the stairs to my residence! I can't help it when my body needs me to take a rest!"
He glared at the guard who ignored his outburst kept on repeating the familiar words to his annoyance which he ignored to remain seated. Nikolai found Shaw pulling onto the leash and grabbing the sleeve of his shirt and pulling onto him. He groaned once Shaw appeared to be agreeing with the guard's words got up and slow walked himself up the stairs only to meet Melinda sitting on a landing reading an electronic device with a light that clicked a stopwatch in her hand and gave him a glare despite having goggles on her head. 
He sighed and spoke still using the Source in control in a whining tone "I got tired from walking. Had to rest. What's with the guards telling me to move when I needed to sit down and rest?"
Nikolai got Melinda putting on her goggles in response followed by her getting up speaking "Complainers quit. Winners keep going."
He exhaled a breath to follow Melinda up the stairs he ignoring his body whining in pain and kept on going following her up till he heard "Inappropriate person detected."
Nikolai groaned softly recognizing Eli's voice regarding his bedroom's floor to find Melinda walking down the stairs she making a finger gesture for him to follow. He found Shaw following pulling the leash. Nikolai groaned softly and without a word followed Melinda down the stairs seemingly lengthy till she stopped at a door on a landing.
Nikolai sighed as she spoke "End of the line for me. This is where my residence is at the moment. So take the rest of the stairs down to the elevator. You're not a complainer anyway. Just keep going." 
Nikolai groaned softly as Melinda made her familiar gesture which he walked down towards her to halt as she grabbed his chin and kissed him on the lips he kissing her back in response. He heard the familiar knocking sound to break off the kiss finding Melinda without a word entered the door finding one of the Mikaela brothers holding it open. He heard Shaw's familiar growl didn't comment a response as the male shut the door in a fast slam move.
He hearing Eli's familiar voice speaking "Emergency exit secure."
Nikolai groaned and without a word willed aside the Source and went down the stairs to the lobby which he found the elevator open for him to take. 
He groaned once inside the elevator to speak "huh...o...me."
He found the elevator refused to budge despite he gasping out the home word repeatedly with the Source in control. 
Nikolai heard in response "Sleep mode time required."
He groaned softly and breathed deeply through his mouth then blurted "Bed."
He sighed finding his word sounded firm as the elevator went up seemingly lengthy followed by showing his bedroom's floor. Nikolai walked out and without a word got inside the bedroom's residence floor to collapse onto a sitting chair leaning back. He grunted when he felt himself pushed off the chair he realizing he sat on someone's lap to his annoyance. 
Nikolai sat on the floor eyeing the chair to find his Father seated there giving him a glare and got from the Ancient One in response "You didn't notice me sitting when you arrived into here. You're too old to sit on my lap anyway."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he heard overhead as the lights shut off "Sleep mode time required."
Nikolai forced himself to get up going to his bed he lying down only to get pushed off the thing he finding himself lying on a body to his annoyance. 
He found his Father sitting on his bed who spoke "You still didn't notice me on your bed."
Nikolai heard the accusation in his Father's voice tone spoke firmly "Eli said sleep mode time. So sleeping is what I should be doing-"
"Sleeping? That's talk for her not agreeing to my presence in your residence. Don't deny that your computer mind doesn't agree with me being here." He got from his Father in response.
Nikolai spoke firmly "Anything else to explain why your here so I can go to bed? I had a quite tiring day and I'm itching to sleep."
He found his Father getting up from the bed in response speaking "Inappropriate person detected."
He frowned finding his Father's voice shift into Eli as he kept on hearing the blaring to find his face patted via a hand. Nikolai jerked open his eyes to find Redcoat standing over him with the Paddy's collar and harness attached to his body in a tight loose hold.
He groaned out "Is there a particular reason for waking me up?'
Redcoat he glared at shook his head and spoke "I distinctly heard Gramma Mel via my ears ordering the waiter to put the bill whatever it is into your name as your tab whatever it is."
He shook the sleepiness from his face as he glared at Redcoat with the Source in control who shifted back into Shaw in response finding the Paddy's harness and collar out of proportion on the dog's body. 
He sighed and fixed them both then spoke "Just let me sleep for awhile Shaw."
Nikolai found Shaw in response as he shut his eyes pawing his front and pouncing over him. 
He grunted from the pouncing to find Eli speaking "New agenda assigned."
Nikolai groaned out "Receive."
He sighed as Eli droned the agenda orders he tuned out to shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep. 
Nikolai wound up again feeling Shaw pouncing onto his front he glared at the Paddy with eyes open Source in control to find Eli speaking "Inappropriate person detected."
He sighed and found Melinda seated in the chair twin to his reading an electronic device she clad in her sweats as Eli droned. 
Nikolai got up without a word towards Melinda and spoke "Person accepted. I'll be in the shower since I need to wake myself up from being sleepy or lazy your terms."
He ignored Melinda to find himself followed into the bathroom which he stripped himself of his clothes finding her putting the electronic device down into a pocket while eyeing him all over. He sighed as she made a familiar turn around gesture which he obeyed once he was naked of clothes and shoes then turned to face Melinda. Nikolai didn't comment a response finding Shaw sitting on the floor nearby appearing to be asleep. 
He sighed as Melinda spoke "Just get yourself into the shower since you say it'll wake you up. I'll be waiting at the entrance."
Nikolai obeyed.

Nikolai came out of the bathroom to find Melinda sitting in his sitting room leaning back appearing to be staring at her electronic device with eyes narrowed. He sighed and didn't comment a response as Shaw gave up arfs announcing his presence. 
Nikolai eyed Melinda to find her speaking "So where's the stairs to here hmm?"
He groaned softly and without a word led the way to the closet to use a hand print to press a button to get a door sliding open showing the stairwell. He walked out followed by Melinda and Shaw finding Eli was silent this time. 
Nikolai got Melinda holding up her familiar stopwatch and speaking "So walk down to the lobby and walk back up with Shaw. Make it snappy for I'm timing you."
He obeyed to groan once he did Melinda's order to sit on the landing next to her once he reached the desired floor groaning loudly. Nikolai heard nothing from Melinda in response but her glaring at the electronic device which he snatched out of her hands despite she giving him a glare. He eyed the electronic's device's screen to find it involved a blueprint to his building as she snatched the thing out of his hand. Nikolai willed forwards the Source as he felt his senses blaring warning abruptly as Melinda spoke Compeller's voice chatter he finding her form shift into Missus Mikaela to his shock as he found his familiar head pain hitting him again knocking him out.

Nikolai came to feeling Annie pouncing all over his front as he laid in bed in his bedroom's residence he feeling the headache stopped paining him. He groaned to recall that Missus Mikaela transported herself via some light show into his bedroom's residence quarters and used the Compeller's gibberish to see her as Melinda including tricking him to accept her into his residence via Eli's familiar blaring. He continued to recall fully that Missus Mikaela once he came up the stairs appeared to be coming out of his closet's door and spoke Compeller's chatter making him not see her. He kept on groaning as he recalled the contents of Missus Mikaela's electronic device involved blueprints to his building focused onto studying his bedroom's residence from the looks of it. Nikolai rolled over in response as Annie quit the pouncing to hear a yowl from her followed by Shaw growling loudly. He sat up in response to find Harrington in the room giving up his familiar Tsk sound. Nikolai exhaled a breath recalling nothing coming to mind on how Harrington could access his private quarters as he gave the butler a glare while gesturing him to speak. 
He found Harrington speaking "Miss Melinda is currently awaiting you in the pool room at the moment Master. Excuse me for being in here. I was transported here mysteriously wise."
He sighed and got up seeing Harrington disappear in a fade from view show to enter his closet to exchange his clothes for his bathing suit. He took the familiar route to the elevator finding Shaw stuck to his left side and ignored the use of the leash this time. Nikolai went to the pool room to hear Melinda's familiar blasting music while in the hallway having doors ajar. He groaned softly and found Shaw had beaten him inside to find the Paddy was ram rod straight against James two arm lengths away. He went to Shaw gently tapping the Paddy on the head getting him to look and threw the weight into the water finding the dog joyfully giving chase. 
He sighed as he found the music ended to hear "A minute of your time Mister Crimson."
Nikolai obeyed to wait eyeing James who spoke Compeller's gibberish he finding himself relaying "I wound up in Ireland involved checking into an inn's room with Shaw and staying holed up for the duration of the Night's Eve celebrations and only going out for the Paddy to play games." 
He felt himself annoyed with what he blurt found himself adding "King Brittan whatever number he's on's men found me and Compelled me into a vehicle as Shaw took off running with the leash dragging. The men got me into a castle where I was whipped on the back compelled to speak various talk according to King Brittan's mood. His talk was mostly on you and your brother taking the King's title here. He knows of manoids that have abilities to shift into dogs and back by having one demonstrate it in front of him. Then got me transported Compeller's style back into the inn's room after a reunion with Shaw."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling annoyed with what he blurted to glare at James with the Source in control he compelled to will it forwards. Nikolai found a light flash next to him as he kept on glaring at James who resumed reading his book and ignored him. He found a hand moving his chin to look away he finding belonged to Melinda which he shut his eyes and willed aside the Source while mentally feeling her hand. Nikolai felt her hand seemed wrinkled with knobs and old to him which he figured that she was Missus Mikaela to open his eyes finding his eyes saw her young. 
Nikolai gave up a loud Hmph and spoke "Excuse me."
He removed Missus Mikaela's hand off his chin only to get her blowing her familiar whistle to find Shaw getting out of the pool followed by going to stand next to him. 
He sighed and spoke firmly seeing her giving him a glare of accusation in her eyes "Which one are you? Melinda Mikaela or Gramma Mel? I could feel your hand as old as Gramma Mel but you're appearing to be young Melinda."
He gave her a glare in response to hear "Oh drop the illusion dear. Let him see what he figured out himself beloved."
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as Melinda spoke Compeller's voice chatter to find himself seeing her as Missus Mikaela who spoke "James is my husband who I value including our daughter Melinda who's currently hiding somewhere a victim of a projectile shooting."
He sighed and found Shaw going up to Missus Mikaela to paw her she gently removing the Paddy off of her and speaking "Shaw down!."
He found Shaw obeying to sit next to him off his left on his haunches panting loudly.
Nikolai spoke sounding firm "Was that you Gramma Mel that trained me or Melinda herself?"
He clamped his mouth into a frown to hear "He'll find out beloved. He's a deity. Secrets have always been finding their way to him for him to find out or keep."
Nikolai exhaled a breath and frowned while staring at Missus Mikaela who without a word removed Shaw's collar and harness she speaking "Redcoat you care to show yourself?"
He found the familiar Redcoat forming in sight that got up standing with a frown on his face as Missus Mikaela spoke "This is James Redcoat as he wishes to be referred an ancestor of the family that came from Aire that settled in Britain as in a tree transporting him there via Shaw's form."
Nikolai held up his hand in a Britain's Humans Lower One greeting to find Redcoat shaking it and heard from the male "He knows of descendant being Delancy. His Eli pointed out a recording of that I overheard via his private residence."
He sighed and spoke while eyeing Missus Mikaela "He's telling the truth on that. I got the impression that a Terra deity legend had something to do with this dog shifting ability. I'm not sure if I should mention the name despite marked on the face by this deity that later took the mark off."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut to find Missus Mikaela speaking "Redcoat, resume your Shaw's position now."
He found Redcoat obeying to put on the harness and collar onto the Paddy then shifted to eye Missus Mikaela warily who spoke "Alright I'm telling the truth on Melinda being shot by projectile but it was by a fellow cop that had a failed run for Governor's position. Appears the scandal of shooting Melinda the heir to the throne got too much for him and he wasn't elected actually."
Nikolai spoke as Missus Mikaela pausing to laugh some giggle "I'm curious as to whether you used your Compeller's abilities to manipulate the preceding King to have your husband be declared the heir."
He found Missus Mikaela in response giving him an all blue eyed glare and speaking Compeller's gibberish as he felt a familiar headache and found himself compelled to dive into the pool as he obeyed. He swam into the pool back and forth finding Shaw joining him to demand a game of fetch with the weight Missus Mikaela tossed into the pool she heard giving out her command. Nikolai played with Shaw seemingly lengthy till he felt like he had an enough got out of the pool with Shaw to find James and Missus Mikaela both snuggled together appearing to be reading. James he saw was reading a paperback book while Missus Mikaela was reading her familiar electronic device he seeing her eyes were squinting at the thing. 
He sighed and muttered "Eh just leave them in peace to read."
He ignored Shaw's questioning bark to go to the shower room he paused hearing a crying noise loudly from there. He frowned finding the crying noise sounded female as Shaw gave up an excited bark and darted into the shower room he hearing gasps. Nikolai walked into the shower room to find Redcoat shooing him away as he found a form covered by sweats and a hooded sweatshirt that appeared to be female and thin to him. He sighed and walked away finding Redcoat gave him a glare which he obeyed to go to his locker to strip himself of his bathing suit shorts he hearing gasps sounds behind him. Nikolai groaned softly to find Redcoat behind him with the female still covered up in her clothes appearing to be eyeing him up and down. He frowned as Redcoat made a shooing gesture which he sighed and grabbed his sweat pants and shoes and without a word went into the weight room hopping on one foot to put on the clothes and shoe wear. Nikolai wound up doing his weight training finding Redcoat and the mystery female had followed him inside the room but found them both standing in the doorway watching him work out. He ignored them both on Redcoat's shooing gesture whenever he looked in their direction. He sighed and worked out till he had an enough only to find Shaw coming into view pawing him and barking excitedly. Nikolai found the familiar clad female was still in the doorway this time showing her entire head was twin to Melinda's but her eyes were red from crying. He sighed and didn't comment a response towards Melinda he figured was her as he got Shaw onto the tread machine and found the Paddy joyfully running with tongue sticking out. 
Nikolai spoke addressing Melinda standing in the doorway "I prefer to be known as Nikolai privately."
He found Melinda giving him a head bob but refused to speak as he added "The junior name is for when I'm out in public introducing myself. Besides I'm well acquainted with your Mother, Gramma Mel-"
He was interrupted "She's my father's second wife and not my actual mother. Mother is currently living somewhere else in Britain at the moment."
He sighed and spoke "Well your Stepmother sort of helped me learn how to exercise properly including using the weight machines and caring for Shaw and his needs."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut seeing Melinda's eyes flare all blue making him nervous followed by she speaking "That wasn't my Stepmother doing it. It was me actually."
He sighed again and spoke firmly "Your Stepmother has some kind of Compeller's trick to make her appear to be you in intimate sessions."
He clamped his mouth shut as Melinda stiff walked up to him he noticing her not bending her knees to his confusion. Nikolai didn't comment a question towards that as Melinda pulled up her left leg's pant showing metal encasing her leg. 
He spoke recalling Robert's invalid condition "I have a son named Robert as he calls himself that is in invalid currently wheelchair bound. He's paralysis from the chest down despite he able to breathe fine."
Nikolai clamped his mouth into a thin line as Melinda kept on her eye glare in response to his words as she pulled her pant leg down and got from her "That's not what I wanted to hear from you smarty."
Nikolai groaned loudly only to get from Melinda in response "Take this dog and get out of here now."
He obeyed speaking "Shaw heel!"
Shaw he saw obeyed to get to his left side and stood as he made a motion to walk past Melinda only to halt once her hand touched his front right on his muscular abs. He sighed and halted his walk eyeing Melinda warily to find her running her hands over his front with an amused expression on her face despite no longer having blue eyes. Nikolai sighed and without a word brought his hands to run them through Melinda's hair and on her scalp massaging her head seeing her eyes shut. He sighed as her hands became soothing slow massaging rubs on his front as he massaged her head. Nikolai gently kissed Melinda on the lips finding her kissing him back in response a lengthy kiss. He sighed once Shaw was felt pawing them both to break off the kiss and removed his hands as Melinda did the same. Nikolai didn't comment a response as Melinda shooed him out of the room which he obeyed with Shaw he hearing the tread machine running to figure she was using it. Nikolai went into the shower room to shower only to find James and Missus Mikaela in a middle of a lip lock in the room which he found Shaw giving off a whine in some tone that sounded annoyed to him. He sighed and found the couple ignored him standing in the doorway. Groaning softly he went to his locker and exchanged his clothes to a clean pair of sweats and shoes then found the leash held in Shaw's mouth which he clipped on. He sighed and shrugged as Shaw made a beeline to the elevator which he went and ordered for the lobby he finding the Paddy sniffing around indicating his bathroom business. Nikolai eyed Shaw and spoke the heel command firmly finding the Paddy quit his sniffing to obey. He walked out of the elevator feeling for his pocket for the familiar scooper and bag then got Shaw outside he giving the command for his business. Nikolai didn't have long to wait as Shaw obeyed once they reached their familiar spot on the sidewalk and did the job he sighed to pick up via scooper and tossed it out. Nikolai found Shaw balking on going back inside instead was indicating on wanting to stay outside some more. He sighed and let Shaw run he following via jogging only to give the heel command when the Paddy wanted to cross the road he making sure it was via crosswalks only. Nikolai ran around the town with Shaw pulling him to find the Paddy appeared to be sniffing his way to someplace he found was a pet store the dog sitting at the entrance. He sighed and eyed the signs seeing it was for all pets and not just Paddies and cats. Nikolai walked inside after manipulating the door to find Shaw making a beeline towards the shop clerk who gave up a familiar oh sound once the Paddy jumped her. 
Nikolai spoke "Shaw down!"
He found the shop clerk in response handing Shaw a familiar chew toy he recognized and heard the thing giving off meows as the Paddy chewed it. He sighed and eyed the shop clerk appearing to look like a grey haired female with wrinkles on her face and gloves on her hand. 
He frowned warily as the female spoke "So what can I get for you Mister Crimson?"
Nikolai sighed hearing Melinda's familiar voice from the old female spoke "Excuse me Ma'am you have a name and cat toys?"
He frowned as the female spoke "The name is Gramma Mel as I'm known for publicity in this store and elsewhere in town. We sell all sorts of toys that not just focus onto dogs like your furry companion. Take a look and see. Maybe you'll find what you want. Excuse me while I go amuse your dog who wants a game of tug."
Nikolai sighed finding the female Gramma Mel he figured he'll refer her playing tug a war with Shaw using the meowing toy as he wandered around looking for cat toys. He found all sorts of toys for various pets including various uses to sigh recalling Annie's pouncing onto his front via laser pointer. 
Nikolai went to Gramma Mel speaking "You sell laser pointers? My cat seems to favor that."
He frowned as Gramma Mel in response got Shaw to lay on his back and rubbed the Paddy's tummy before getting up and walking away he following to find her picking up an object from the wall and tossing it to him. 
Nikolai found it was a packaged laser pointer complete with batteries included and heard from Gramma Mel "Your handprint please for purchasing option."
He sighed and held up his right hand and found Gramma Mel holding up a familiar electronic device to put his palm spread onto its cover and heard a beep sound. 
Nikolai didn't comment a response as Gramma Mel removed his hand and put away the device in her apron pocket she speaking "Come again another day Mister Crimson. I like your dog enough to want to keep up the playing with him. Besides I can recommend a dog park in town where he can get socialization."
He sighed hearing her name the location to recall it was further than the distance he habitually ran or walked with Shaw and gave her salute in response as he picked up the leash and pulled Shaw out of the store. Nikolai found Shaw wasn't chewing onto his familiar toy by giving off arfs in a questioning tone. He sighed and pocketed the cat toy into his other pocket and took off running finding Shaw taking the lead. Nikolai found Shaw making a beeline towards his residence's building despite he forcing the Paddy to take crosswalks and avoid crossing roads with traffic on it. He sighed once he arrived to his familiar building to feel for the cat's toy finding it still in his pocket which he took out and found Shaw making a beeline to the elevator. Nikolai found the doors shut to groan figuring out that he was to take the stairs to find Shaw whining in protests as he pulled him away from the elevator. He found Shaw on the way sniffing the floor to sigh and dropped the cat toy onto an armchair and hauled the Paddy outside to do his business. Nikolai ignored the presses gathered outside pestering him with questions on dating Melinda Mikaela he ignored to give Shaw the command and found the Paddy squatting over a reporter's shoe who yanked his foot away in time. Nikolai ignored the presses as he got Shaw and him inside to go to the elevator finding the doors were again still shut to his annoyance. He grunted an annoyed sound finding Shaw acting like he didn't care if the elevator doors were shut instead remained at his left side tongue sticking out. He grunted and took the stairwell route to his bedroom's residence to find Melinda sitting on the landing reading an electronic device in her hand while clad in sweats. 
He sighed and gave Eli the command "Door unlock."
Nikolai found the door to the floor opening in a sliding move which he found Shaw remained off his left as he walked inside followed by Melinda. 
He sighed and freed Shaw of the leash while speaking "I need a shower."
Nikolai stripped himself of his clothes putting them on the bench ignoring Melinda ogling him as Shaw was sensed snoring away from the noises. He ignored Melinda and Shaw to get into the shower stall of his private bathroom and cleaned himself fully of sweat and pool water off his form followed by walking out to find his familiar sweats on the sink counter. Melinda he found was appearing to be ogling him up and down with a smirk look on her face. 
He ignored her to put on his clothes and shoes then found Shaw up and awake next to him as he spoke "Excuse me."
Nikolai breezed by Melinda hearing nothing from her as he went to his sitting room to sit down onto an armchair and sighed leaning back staring at her. He found she followed him to the sitting room to sit next to him in the other chair she ignoring him staring and was appearing to glaring at her electronic device. 
Nikolai spoke loudly after clapping his hands "Which one is you? Melinda Mikaela or Gramma Mel in question?"
He found Melinda looking up from her reading he assumed she was doing to speak "Guess which one I am and figure it out yourself. You should figure it out like Shaw has always figured out and is never fooled."
He sighed as she resumed her reading to speak while noticing Shaw was snoring "Gramma Mel."
Nikolai heard Compeller's voice chatter from her in an annoyed voice tone to find her features shift into Missus Mikaela who resumed glaring at the device in her hand. 
He spoke firmly "Your both women aren't you?"
He found the female he not sure which one was which putting down the device onto her lap and leaning back in the armchair sighing loudly. 
Nikolai spoke still using the firm voice tone "Excuse me Ma'am but it's my first time I had a relationship with a female I was serious about enough to get over my commitment phobias."
He got the female looking at him doing a double take look as he added "Melinda Mikaela kind of appeals to me enough to want to get over my phobia of being committed into a marriage. It was I who have broken up the relationships with females despite they claiming engagement with me. I admit it I have used my mental abilities during a lip lock session with a female I was hoping to get rid of by making her seem like she didn't want to marry me or be with me."
He found silence from the female as he added "I also admit it that there's a female cycles ago I favored heavily to pursue in a marriage trap. She wasn't interested in me instead was more into another male via appearance and hoping to get him into a marriage trap. She wound up expecting a male and a female together in some pouch pregnancy. She birthed both babies by herself in some disgusting apartment and managed to smother her daughter to death. The midwife appearing to figure out her attitude arrived in time and saved the son whose Victor himself despite he pointed out as my son when he's not."
He looked away to continue to speak while eyeing Shaw lying on the floor snoring softly "My adopted son Robert is currently cared for by Victor who both currently declared to have a relationship with each other and it's still going strong at the moment. Thanks to the machinations of Nightwalker, the Bloodies King he had himself declared dead to play a God trick onto the natives using Victor in his place to be sacrificed. I managed to save Victor out of a self oath that I would keep him alive despite what happened to his pouch sister I wasn't able to save. Victor is publicity declared Nikolai Junior hence Robert calling him wannabe my adoptive son, knowing that Victor himself isn't an offspring fathered by me but of someone else." 
Nikolai felt himself passing out unconscious in response to his words.

Nikolai wound up facing an angelic being that hummed an electronic tone in a musical voice again this time facing Missus Mikaela appearing to look young but not twin to Melinda Mikaela from memory of her. 
He frowned as the angel was found flapping her wings over the scale humming loudly "Acknowledge her!"
Nikolai spoke "Thank you for helping my life Melinda Mikaela."
He saw nothing in response from Missus Mikaela but her form changing into an angelic being twin to the angel being that was humming with wings and flying up towards the darkness to disappear into a flash of light.

Nikolai woke up from lying in bed with Annie his cat pouncing all over his front via laser light as the alarm clock blared its noises. He groaned and rolled over ignoring Annie's pouncing to feel a hand shaking his shoulder. 
He removed the pillow to glare at the hand's owner he finding it belonged to Redcoat who spoke "Up and awake, Master. You have duties involving your health and the well being of Shaw my other persona."
Nikolai threw the pillow aimed at Redcoat who shifted into Shaw to his annoyance and began barking loud arfs sounds as Annie was sensed gone from the bed she giving off a loud yowl. He groaned and got up finding himself naked and not wearing any clothes on his form. He felt annoyance take hold as he heard an ahem sound in his bedroom to glare with the Source in control finding a familiar female appearing to be Melinda Mikaela complete with her cop uniform standing with arms folded a glare on her face. 
Nikolai spoke "What are you looking at Miss Mikaela?"
He stomped to the bathroom to hear "It's Missus not Miss!" from Melinda.
Nikolai rolled his eyes willing aside the Source and got himself into the shower recalling to himself "Melinda flaunted some ring of marriage in my face a lunar cycle after her Mother passed away from cancer. Her Father didn't seem concerned with Melinda's choice of guy she's currently married to. Hmph. Do not get it women and their feelings towards men they want as their spouses."
He heard nothing in response to his words instead walked out of the shower to go to the clothes closet to find the door to the stairwell open as if permanently open by the guards insisting on it. Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound finding Shaw in the closet with him dragging his familiar harness and collar in his mouth. 
He sighed and got himself into his clothes he mumbling to himself ignoring Melinda in the room eavesdropping "What does she see in that guy enough to land a marriage trap onto him?"
He heard another ahem sound from Melinda sighed recalling his wedding ring on his left finger that was apart of the marriage contract with Melinda Mikaela as her husband she insisting on having it worn. 
Nikolai got himself dressed into sweats as usual and fixed Shaw's collar and harness he recalling "Melinda's Mother also named Melinda wound up getting the both of us married to each other in the hospital on her death bed from cancer. She used the excuse in our faces that Melinda would be better protected if she was married to someone she approved off. Her father couldn't care less of who Melinda was married to as long my wife as I refer her was kept out of the public eye out of his work as King of what's left of Brazil's territory. Jack in question displayed this nasty attitude that only death could be reason for both of us to dissolve the marriage. Besides Melinda still insists on working in the police force at the moment. Mostly doing interrogations and nothing else. She has a mental ability to compel people to speak their crimes, don't cross her or face the Forgiver."
Nikolai heard nothing in response to his thoughts as he grabbed Shaw's leash and took the stairwell route to the pool room finding Melinda not following once he reached the pool room's floor. 
He sighed and went to the pool to find Jack reading a book as always that saw him and threw a weight into the pool while snarling "Fetch Mordecai!"
He sighed again that Jack quit calling him Nikolai and started using his actual name of Mordecai soon after he was married to Melinda and compelled to give up his actual name. He felt annoyance take hold as Shaw tore the leash out of his hand and ran into the pool with a loud splash. Groaning Nikolai yanked off his sweats leaving him clad only in his bathing suit and dived into the pool with Shaw forcing himself to exercise and play water games with the Paddy. Nikolai felt relief when he heard Jack familiar whistle got out of the pool with Shaw to stand ram rod straight waiting for further orders. He sighed as Jack made the familiar turn in a circle gesture he recalling that the male since he married his niece was always insisting that he kept up the exercising training he learned from both Melinda and her mother herself including taking care of Shaw. Shaw he recalled to himself as he stripped off his shorts baring himself always shown an attachment towards him and had balked Melinda or the Mikaela brothers' attempts to take care of him. 
Nikolai forced himself to turn into a slow circle in front of Jack till the male spoke "Hit the locker room and make it snappy now, Mordecai."
He sighed and grabbed Shaw by the leash pulling the growling Paddy away from Jack. Nikolai groaned to himself that Shaw always growled and seemed to be in a biting mood whenever in presence of the Mikaela brothers which didn't matter which brother he was in front of. Nikolai sighed and got Shaw into the locker room into the shower room to shower he again hearing the Paddy's growling noises. He groaned softly to find Jack had followed them inside as he cleaned himself fully ignoring Shaw standing off his left growling with ears flat on top of the head. He once done with the showering breezed by Jack while pulling Shaw with him. He went to his assigned locker and yanked out his sweats put there by Harrington from the pool room. He sighed and pulled Shaw to the weight room to get the Paddy onto the tread machine finding the dog didn't protest as Jack was sensed staring from standing in the doorway. Nikolai ignored Jack to work out with the weight machines till he had an enough got Shaw off the tread machine still growling into the shower room. He recalled his duties involving Shaw's care was to feed the Paddy including taking him outside for daily walks and bathroom businesses. Nikolai showed as well as he could then walked by Jack still pulling Shaw with him to his familiar locker and put on his freshly laundered sweats. He heard an ahem sound from Jack heard an arf from Shaw sounding angry to him.
Nikolai looked at Jack questioningly as the male spoke "Undergarments when was the last time you wore them, hmm?"
He sighed at the familiar question by people catching him without any underwear on he always going without any on underneath his pants since he started the Nikolai persona. 
Nikolai spoke in response his familiar answer "Their confining as always and bothers me."
He added "Excuse me while I see Shaw outside for his personal business."
Nikolai heard Jack speaking Compeller's voice gibberish chatter to groan getting a familiar headache hitting him that always put him out. He came to feeling licking on his face along with whining noises along with a familiar irritating feeling. He groaned softly and got up without a word finding himself in the lobby sitting in an armchair as he grunted from the feel of the underwear he was wearing underneath his sweats. Nikolai heard arfs from Shaw sounding of annoyance and didn't protest as the Paddy pulled him outside to face the familiar gaggle of presses blaring questions. 
"What's the nature of your relationship with Melinda Mikaela?!" He heard one yell out.
Nikolai ignored the presses' questions to find Shaw this time targeted a reporter's pant leg for bathroom getting Hey comments from the male along with hearing "Dumb dog for doing that!"
He heard snickering of laughter among the presses in response to recall that Shaw would habitually do that leg lifting bathroom onto a reporter including squatting over their shoe for solid waste. He ignored snickering to see Shaw doing his familiar squatting over a reporter's shoe who yanked it out in time. Nikolai gave up a loud Hmph in response and picked up the mess via scooper to toss into the garbage. He found none of the presses as always seemed to notice his wedding ring on his left hand whenever he managed to sneak outside wearing it. He sighed as Shaw pulled onto the leash away from the presses he finding the Paddy was indicating on wanting to stay outside. 
Nikolai found his wedding ring wasn't on his finger this time he recalling Melinda admitting to him "Uncle Jack is still not sure if he should have us both be publicity declared married to each other. He's got ambitions to further his political career including becoming President of the United States, a leadership position, as one of his goals. He's trying to see what this marriage will do to him and his career as a Senator by polls and questions asked."
He found the presses following him and Shaw all around town while both jogged he finding some were wearing roller shoes to keep up with him running. He ignored the presses to stop by the familiar restaurant Silvana's as it was dubbed for his breakfast meal including relief from the blaring presses. He found the waitress standing inside Silvana's with a look of disapproval on her face seeing the familiar presses camped outside balking from coming in to follow him inside. Nikolai recalled that Silvana's chef made it clear that there was no cameras or recorders allowed in his restaurant including known for kicking out a birthday party for flashing cameras all over the place. He ignored the look of disapproval on the waitress's face as usual and followed her outside to the courtyard finding one of the Mikaela brothers seated at a table that habitually called him over. Nikolai obeyed to sit opposite to the brother he assumed was Jack for knowing James refused to hang out in public places unless it was a reason for it involving publicity. He ignored Shaw's familiar growling to sit attaching the leash to the table and spoke firmly towards Shaw the lay down command. He sat down and sighed feeling relieved to sit. 
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the waiter arrive speaking "Your usual, Mister Crimson?"
He sighed and spoke his familiar words "Yes please."
Nikolai eyed the Mikaela brother who was reading an electronic device appearing to be a reader before putting it down onto the table groaning loudly. He found the brother rubbing a hand over his eyes James' style to his confusion. 
He frowned as the male spoke "Same old news. Nothing new here."
Nikolai heard James' accent to figure that he was James as the male removed his hand and gave him a glare.
He recognized Jack's familiar glare despite thinking he was James to sigh and spoke "Good morning Sir. So what can I do for you?"
Nikolai frowned as James he figured was him spoke "Just the usual blaring news on you dating my daughter Melinda."
He sighed sensing himself filmed while hearing growls from Shaw to speak "Anything else?"
Nikolai held up his hands in a surrender gesture showing them free of any rings Jack refused to let him publicity wear in publicizing the marriage with Melinda. 
Nikolai frowned as James' familiar butler arrived speaking "Excuse me Your Majesty."
He sighed as the butler whispered into James's ear he forced himself to lean down stroking Shaw's head who was up and awake while sitting on his haunches a soft growling noise from the Paddy indicating on filming going on. Nikolai didn't comment a response to find the butler fading away followed by the waiter arriving with plates of food for him and James including handing him a bowl of kibble for Shaw to eat. He recalled Shaw's training for eating the food was to sit quietly to find the Paddy wasn't growling. 
He placed the food bowl in front of Shaw and spoke "Eat!"
Shaw, Nikolai saw obeyed to noisily eat his food he sighing as he forced himself to eat his usual meal of plant food from the restaurant and never anything else. Nikolai grumbled to himself as James ate his food of porridge he never allowed to eat that stuff from the restaurant who balked on making it for him despite orders said. He recalled fully that Silvana's was more interested in giving people the same meal they ordered whenever they were in the restaurant and never anything else period. He ate his food with gusto and found Shaw had finished his food which he poured a bottle of water into the food bowl finding the Paddy licking it. He ignored Shaw noisily licking to finish eating his food finding himself terribly hungry. Nikolai once done heard an arf from Shaw sounding in a happy tone he sighed as Melinda walked into sight complete with her cop's uniform on but without any weapons on her belt. 
He kept his mouth shut and sunglasses on as Melinda walked up to James and kissed the male on the head and speaking "Daddy when's the last time you and Uncle Jack ate together publicity?"
He sighed at the question to find James appearing to be gulping before speaking "Melinda such a question. What brings you here hmm?"
Nikolai sighed again to notice Melinda's hand was free of her wedding ring he figured was on a chain around her neck hidden underneath her bullet proof vest and top. He kept his mouth shut as Melinda and James got into a gibberish talk he recognized was Compeller's language from the sounds but sounded odd to him. Nikolai found James giving him a shooing gesture to see Melinda wink one of her eyes towards him. He sighed and freed Shaw from the table while hearing the Paddy still growling and pulled him out of the restaurant outside to face the glaring presses. 
He snickered a bit when Shaw used a reporter's pant leg for bathroom despite the familiar comment of "Dumb dog!"
Nikolai frowned as Shaw again used another reporter's shoe for his bathroom who managed to get it out of way in time. He sighed and ignored the mess Shaw made to jog into the city still chased by reporters on roller shoes. Nikolai found himself having to balk Shaw's attempts to cross the streets without the crosswalks despite traffic light either way. 
He figured to himself long ago when given Shaw "It's not good for publicity's sakes to have myself seen jaywalking as they call this road crossing. Never get it the Bloodies and their odd names for things around here."
Nikolai took Shaw to a crosswalk and crossed the street once the signal was given still chased by the reporters felt filming and snapping their annoying pictures at them both. He felt annoyance take hold when one of the reporters got too close in front of him to require Shaw doing his familiar leg lifting trick again and the familiar comment of dumb dog spoken. Nikolai ignored the reporter sputtering out vulgarity aimed at Shaw as he kept on jogging only to feel a familiar head pain of a Compeller's command onto him to hear screech of a loud horn blaring. He wound up feeling the leash yanked from his hands despite there was a painful arf sounding to his annoyance. Nikolai shook off the Compeller's headache to find Shaw lying on the road shifting into Redcoat to his shock and shifting back and forth while appearing to lay still not moving. He heard gasps spoken from the reporters followed by them going to gather around a shifting back and forth Shaw/Redcoat and appearing to be filming him. Nikolai groaned softly and without a word barged himself through the gaggle of presses to reach Redcoat's side. 
He got Redcoat blurting "It's not your fault!" before shutting his eyes and becoming still.
Nikolai exhaled a breath feeling his familiar pouch connection hitting him he recalled involved him acting on a favor from MacLeod to acknowledge people who passed away and not for Helena his deceased pouch sister. He blinked his eyes to find himself facing Redcoat naked and a dog he recognized as Shaw next to him both standing watching him. 
Nikolai spoke his familiar line "Confess your crime to the Forgiver."
He held up his hand to see balls of lightening come out of Redcoat and Shaw to join together into one ball which he put onto the scale despite an angelic being above flapping her wings in a furious move. He sighed seeing the scale tipping back and forth focused onto Redcoat to notice Shaw do his familiar bow and saw the Paddy rise into the dark sky and disappeared in a flash of light. 
Nikolai focused onto Redcoat which he heard from the angelic being "Acknowledge your past now!"
He sighed hearing being's words to focus onto a familiar metal gated arch as if drawn to find images flashing onto it like a TV monitor to his annoyance. He kept on eyeing the TV monitor to show images of Redcoat with a form of a Bloody male speaking towards a male wearing a gonoid skin pants and appearing to look familiar with ropes on his wrist the familiar gibberish. 
He frowned hearing the Compeller's talk was translated he hearing "I compel you to tell me where's your companions went now!" 
Nikolai focused to see the Compeller's order was obeyed by the tied up male speaking "They planned a trap for you stinking Redcoats."
He stiffened hearing the voice sounded familiar to him as the tied up male's face was seen he gasping of shock seeing it belonged to himself. 
Nikolai frowned as he was heard "Acknowledge him Mordecai!"
He groaned softly at the name of Mordecai, the being was still using onto him. He ignored the being to focus onto Redcoat the Compelling Bloody male he met in Brazil's jungles that compelled him to speak of a trap to the Redcoats. 
He found Redcoat looking nervous and blurting "It was I who was the Compeller that compelled Mordecai to speak his companions' plans for a trap. MacLeod got a hold of me and got me into my dog form I was told I would forever have till I paid his price."
Nikolai heard the being's familiar comment opened his mouth to speak only to get something steel covering it he finding a familiar sinister knightman next to him he recognized as MacLeod in his armored knight disguise. He frowned as MacLeod shook his helmeted head in a no gesture and waved the being away who gave up a loud Hmph sound but faded from view. Nikolai frowned as MacLeod in response covered his eyes as he heard car honking horns blaring in his ear. He found himself kneeling next to Redcoat still in his manoid form despite hearing nothing from the people gathered around them. He stiffened himself from gasping seeing a familiar circular scar forming on Redcoat's face followed by the male shifting into Shaw that remained still which he picked up the Paddy and without a word towards the presses silently filming him walked out of the street. Nikolai found the presses following but refrained from commenting instead noticed that they were glaring at a fellow reporter who had a smirk on his face along with looks of disgust seen. He didn't comment a response to their looks ignored them to carry Shaw finding his building not in sight until a car horn honked loudly. He found James' familiar butler blocking him, via appearing in a Bloody's trick sight that jabbed a finger in a direction towards a vehicle he saw having a car door open while giving him a familiar compeller's glare. He went to the vehicle and didn't comment a response as the butler followed him inside to find the male snarling gibberish onto a handheld phone in his hand in some angry voice tone. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the limo took the familiar route to the animal hospital he figuring to himself that it was too late to save Shaw but figured it'll be best to be quiet on that matter. He kept his mouth shut as the limo arrived to the animal's hospital's private garage room which he got ordered out via the butler giving him Compeller's talk. Nikolai carried Shaw to the vets who got him on a stretcher and wheeled him away in a fast move he hearing nothing from them but silence. He eyed the limo warily to find the butler gesturing him to get inside which he obeyed shutting the door and buckling up his seatbelt. Nikolai found the butler ignoring his ahem noises to get the male to put on his seatbelt instead was still blaring gibberish onto the handheld phone he figured was some kind of communication device. He frowned finding the butler's communication seemed lengthy as he eyed out the window finding the limo making a beeline to his residence building and stopping at the curb where there were a gathering of presses outside. Nikolai sighed and forced himself to get out of the limo by the butler making shooing gestures for him to do it. He got out and ignored the presses silently filming him as he walked inside going to his personal stairs he feeling himself full of fury and needing to work off the anger via exercises. Nikolai found the familiar guard there who let him onto the stairwell which he proceeded to march up the stairs in a fast move struggling to ignore the urge to jog up them. 
He felt his raging mood hitting him kept on hitting him despite how many stairs he marched up and found his anger still there when Eli's familiar voice blared "That's far enough Master."
Nikolai found himself next to his bedroom's closet door and with a loud roar stomped down the stairs only to meet Melinda on the way who blocked him from going down. He gave her a glare in response while still feeling angry as she grabbed his arm and without a word pulled him down the stairs he ignoring where he was going. Nikolai kept his mouth shut while stewing as Melinda got him into the pool's room via smell of it and pushed him into the water. He grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself to swim clothes and shoes and all in the water back and forth despite his angry mood still hitting him. Nikolai felt his angry mood lower its ebb to keep on swimming back and forth before he felt he had an enough of the pool got out stripping himself of his shoes and clothes underneath Melinda's watchful eye. He found one of the Mikaela brothers coming into sight which he ignored and once nude dived into the pool forcing himself to swim laps back and forth despite his mood was slow going away. Nikolai kept up the swimming till a whistle blast sounded halting him which he treaded in the water to find Jack spit out his familiar whistle and jabbed a finger towards the locker room's door while giving him a glare. He got out of the pool noticing Melinda not in sight to his annoyance and without a word breezed by Jack to get into the locker room to his familiar locker to put on sweatpants omitting the underwear for it. He heard a loud Hmph sounding of Jack's voice as he pulled on the sweatpants followed by his familiar headache hitting him again. He grunted once he found himself putting on the underwear after yanking off his pants and then putting them back on along with socks and sneakers and a t-shirt to his annoyance. Nikolai ignored Jack to go to the weight room and forced himself to be lengthy and hard and heavy with the weights including jogging on the tread machine till he heard Jack's familiar Compeller's chatter. Nikolai found himself in the shower room bare of clothes he figuring out from memory of it fully in his mind that Jack compelled him to take it easy with the weights and running on the tread machine despite he thinking he was doing it hard and heavy. He grunted an annoyed sound as he cleaned himself of the pool's water and sweat from the weight room he recalling that Jack compelled him to get into the shower's room and toss his clothes and shoes out of the room into the doorway before getting underneath a shower faucet's spray. Nikolai sighed and didn't comment a response towards Jack's manipulations as he showered fully making sure he cleaned himself then breezed by Jack to his familiar locker. He put on the familiar irritating underwear as if compelled to his annoyance he finding it resembled some kind of bathing suit shorts to him in a tight form and seemed to give him a feeling of confining to him. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold once he fully put on his clothes he finding were his familiar business wear clothes instead of his sweats including brushing his hair and putting on his sunglasses. He once done dressed gave Jack a Source glare who spoke Compeller's chatter which he found himself compelled to leave the locker room and went to the lobby to walk out to meet the presses gathered outside. He grunted an annoyed sound seeing some of the presses were glaring at a reporter a male who had a smirk on his face and was heard snickering loudly despite glares aimed at him. 
Nikolai heard from the reporter "What do you have to say about your dumb dog going into the street and getting hit by a car which appeared to killed him hmm?"
He felt annoyance take hold to see other reporters acting threatening towards that reporter holding a camera he noticed with shock MacLeod's symbol appear flashing onto the male's face. Nikolai opened his mouth to speak only to find it covered by a feminine hand he finding it belonged to Melinda who shook her head. 
He clamped his mouth shut once she removed the hand she heard speaking "Dumb dog? You're talking about a highly decorated General of Brazil's army my Father trained that dog to act smartly as Mister Crimson's bodyguard in question."
He gave the familiar reporter a glare he noticing MacLeod's symbol on the male's cheek in black ink onto the pale tanned face. 
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the familiar reporter gave up snickering sounds and then spoke loudly "Yeah right. Mister Crimson's dumb dog in question was seen by reporters not getting it that he shouldn't jaywalk which Mister Crimson here had to repeatedly get that dumb gonoid to the crosswalk. Don't tell me that it's the driver of that car's fault that the dog got hit. It's the dog's fault actually."
He felt rage hitting him folded his arms while gripping the areas fully he feeling his mood bad again. He didn't comment a response as Melinda grabbed his chin and kissed him on the lips he forced himself to kiss her back. Nikolai was grateful for the sunglasses keeping him from glaring at the familiar reporter that was smirking and appearing to be laughing despite MacLeod's familiar mark blaring onto the male's face. He kept his mouth into a thin line once Melinda quit kissing him to find Jack there giving the reporters a glare and marching up towards that familiar reporter to thrust him a paper. He frowned finding the paper seemed like a message envelope with MacLeod's seal on it. 
Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the reporter took the envelope while snickering "I'm not paying for the bill." 
He found the reporter tearing the envelope in half instead of reading it only to blink his eyes as he found the familiar reporter gone in a light show he feeling confused to where MacLeod was taking him. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the reporters started pestering him with questions he heard were about his dog Shaw and his bad habit of jaywalking which the dog wound up hit by a cab. 
He frowned finding Jack no where in sight to figure to himself "MacLeod sent him to do a message for him."
Nikolai found Melinda still in sight giving him a glare and jerking her head towards the reporters as in saying "Say something to them now!"
He spoke firmly once he willed aside the Source "I recently dropped the dog off at the vet hospital for any injuries. Excuse me for being clueless on not knowing what's going on with my dog in question. I just came out to talk to you before I go arrange for a ride to there to find out what's going on with my dog in question. Excuse me."
He without a word left the reporters sensing Melinda following him into the lobby. Nikolai felt his mood become bad again didn't protest as Melinda grabbed his arm and pulled him not paying attention till the familiar stairs were felt again which he forced himself to march up and down them fully. He found Melinda at the bottom of the stairs during his second trip down to give off a loud Hmph before going back up. This time he sensed Melinda following him side by side next to him as he marched up the stairs. He ignored Melinda and took his familiar route to his bedroom's floor to stomp down the stairs he hearing nothing from her. Nikolai halted on the landing to Melinda's floor's apartment to shut his eyes he feeling his mood kept on raging within him. He felt annoyance take hold when she was felt forcing him to kneel. He forced himself to mediate fully before willing himself to calm. Nikolai found himself much calmer found Melinda seated next to him on the landing with a guard behind her a glare on the male's face. He ignored the guard's glare to adjust position to sit next to Melinda while running fingers through his hair on his head. 
Nikolai heard an ahem sound from Melinda groaned and spoke loudly "Shaw kept trying to jaywalk despite numerous times I've tried to stop him."
He groaned softly as Melinda's hand was felt on his shoulder. He sighed and looked at her and didn't protest as she removed the sunglasses to place them on top of his head. Nikolai frowned staring at Melinda as she brought hands to his cheeks gently massaging the areas. He sighed underneath her hands' manipulations and didn't protest as she kissed him on the lips multiple times with break offs. He kissed her in response to each lip to lip meeting while keeping his hands to himself. 
Nikolai didn't protest as Melinda broke off the kissy face ritual and spoke "Just get yourself to the lobby and see about the well being of Shaw."
He sighed softly and got up pulling Melinda up by the arms. Nikolai didn't comment a response as Melinda disappeared in a familiar show which he groaned and without a word went down the stairs to the lobby after fixing his sunglasses to cover his eyes. 

Nikolai felt relieved to be in the waiting room of the vet hospital he grunted and annoyed sound out being filmed to his annoyance. He felt annoyance take hold with having to sit and wait in the vet's patient room for animals apparently ignored and not given any news on Shaw and his well being. Nikolai felt himself getting impatient got up and began to pace back and forth. He kept up the pacing while unclasping his arms back and forth till he felt his mood become bad again kneeled and roared angrily while rocking his form back and forth. He roared and roared till he felt a compulsion to shut his eyes and shut up which he obeyed. Nikolai smelled an eater jerked open his eyes to find himself kneeling sideways from an eater's place he finding the familiar knightman MacLeod sitting in a wingback chair sipping from a mug via mouth piece on the helmet armor covering the head. He exhaled a breath and inhaled forcing himself to be calm as he stared at MacLeod silently that kept on the sipping the mug as if the armored knightman was studying him. Nikolai frowned feeling pain in his left hand looked to find MacLeod's familiar symbol of a night sky colored eye surrounded by night sky rays of sunlight onto the area. 
He groaned softly and spoke "I distinctly heard a Compeller order Shaw or I to go into the street where a vehicle as their called hit him. The Compeller was appearing to be one of those newsy people always hanging around me. It's judging by the looks of negativity I saw by the other newsy people kept on aiming at that person. I even got asked ridiculous questions about Shaw and his jaywalking as the Bloody species used to call this street crossing. This reporter used the term dumb dog in my face multiple times. I'm still furious with that jokey stunt that happened. I guess Shaw getting hurt got me very upset than I thought I would be. I think-"
He cut himself off when he felt the familiar pain on his hand to eye it finding MacLeod's familiar symbol gone from there as he felt his eyes forced shut by steel hands. Nikolai frowned as he found himself kneeling on the floor while feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. 
He groaned and shook sleep from his eyes as he looked to find a female wearing scrubs of a medic holding up two fingers and speaking "Copy how many fingers do I have?"
Nikolai exhaled a breath and held up his hand in a twin gesture only to realize that the Source was in control. He willed it aside only to get the vet he assumed was her doing her familiar hand order which he obeyed. Nikolai frowned while staring at the vet warily he finding his sunglasses off his face and on top of his head. He frowned finding no memory of them moved coming to mind as he gave the vet a glare. He got up without a word and found himself towering over the vet who was a short woman from the looks of her. 
Nikolai ignored his height differences to frown eyeing her who spoke "Just come with me now. I'll show you what you need to know and not going to bother with the explanations."
He frowned but obeyed to follow her further into the vet hospital while hearing loud noises of meows and barks sounding all over the place he grimaced from the noises. He kept on grimacing as the vet ignored the noises and led him to a cage in the wall below two others. Nikolai frowned as the vet put two fingers into her mouth and made a whistle blast cutting off the noises that quit to his relief. He frowned while eyeing her to find the vet squatting and opening the cage's door he hearing a familiar arf sounded in a weak tone. Nikolai sighed finding Shaw lying in the cage that had his tail thumping in a weak move while looking like the Paddy had pity me looks in his eyes when the dog looked at him. 
He squatted in response and spoke towards the vet "So what's the diagnose?"
Nikolai heard silence from the vet and staff around him as he reached out a hand towards Shaw to place on top of Shaw's head while speaking "Hi bud. It sucks being in here isn't it? Don't worry I'll get you out. You gave me quite a scare. Yeah it really got me furious when you got hurt. But seeing you here looking at me with that look in your eyes tells me that you'll be fine."
He gave Shaw's head an affectionate pat and found the Paddy's tail still thumping weakly. 
Nikolai spoke towards the vet "Can he be moved?"
He heard throat clearing noises sounding in the room along with multiple ahem noises. 
Nikolai groaned softly and spoke towards Shaw "Don't worry buddy, I'll see that you get the best care while your stuck here. Just get yourself healthy you hear?"
He again gave Shaw's head another rub before getting up groaning loudly while rubbing a hand on his forehead. 
He spoke towards the vet silently staring at him "How bad is it?"
Nikolai frowned as the vet without a word went to the bone scanner's picture's result's board and showed him pictures of Shaw's bones from inside he found appeared to look like the Paddy had crushed back end, legs and tail and a crushed spine. 
He groaned softly seeing the pictures to eye the vet while adding "Does this require him to be humanely put down?"
Nikolai got a head bob from the vet in response followed by her speaking "I'm sorry Mister Crimson."
He spoke while recalling Shaw's tail was thumping "Why was Shaw's tail moving weakly anyway?"
Nikolai frowned to find one of the vet's medics going to Shaw's cage to peer at the Paddy he hearing loudly "His tail is moving!"
He frowned while eyeing the vet warily to find her speaking loudly "Excuse us Mister Crimson but please see yourself out of here while we go examine your dog for what's going on with him. His injuries via scanners having indicated paralysis but it appears its something else so leave now!"
He heard the firmness of her voice tone obeyed to find his way to familiar patient room and sat in a chair seemingly lengthy while eyeing his hand. Nikolai wound up recalling his hand was the one that got pained by MacLeod's symbol he touched Shaw with. He sighed and didn't have long to wait as a vet's medic came into the room tossing him a book he caught.
Nikolai frowned as the medic spoke "Read the book while you wait. At least it'll keep us from hearing you screaming. It set off the animals in here to be noisy out of fear from your screams of anger."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as the medic took leave which he found the book was a trashy romance novel by the couple in a clinch on the cover. 
Nikolai sighed and forced himself to read the book he thinking to himself "Hopefully this thing will keep me entertained for awhile."
He heard nothing in response to his thinking began reading the romance novel.

Nikolai made a dent into the trashy romance novel he finding it was trashy involving Britain's time of invasion of United States' nation told in a Redcoat male's point of view of targeting a Native American female for sex and not taking no for an answer. He felt himself getting annoyed with the contents of the book till a loud throat clearing noise sounded in the room. Nikolai looked up to find his Father standing in the room with the Source in control a look of disapproval on his father's face. 
He groaned softly and spoke "They gave me this book to read out of screaming my head off. What should I have done instead of screaming?"
He frowned eyeing his Father who spoke "Your screaming got your dog as their referred or whatever name the species they are to move his tail including giving him a will to live again despite this vet or medic whatever declaring him into a put down status whatever that is."
Nikolai sighed and didn't comment as his Father added "You going to show me your hands hmm?"
He thumped the book down onto his lap and held up his hands to hear "Mister Crimson? Sorry for startling you."
Nikolai blinked his eyes finding his Father gone and in his place was the familiar vet while he was sitting holding his hands up like a fool. 
He groaned softly and picked up the book marking where he was and got up speaking "Excuse me. Book caught my eye but I don't care to give my opinion on it at the moment. Just tell me what's going on with Shaw."
Nikolai frowned while staring at the vet to find her making a come gesture which he frowned but followed her to the familiar cage to find Shaw munching from a bowl while still sitting down. He noticed Shaw had bandages wrapped around his lower end including tail and was busy noisily eating that quit to give off an arf sound sounding happy to him. Nikolai sighed as Shaw continued to munch onto his food chewing noisily to his relief. He didn't comment a response while eyeing the vet warily who gesture him back to the board which he walked and found an image of Shaw with his bones looking like they were put together via metal to him from what he saw on the images' scanners. 
He sighed and recalled MacLeod spoke out loud "Thank you."
Nikolai heard nothing from MacLeod to his comment but from the vet in response "Your Shaw has a long way to go with his recovery. I say with his strong will and heart to live he'll be back to normal with therapy and strength exercises he'll get. There's nothing you can do for Shaw here except come again the next day when we're open for visitors' hours."
He gave the vet a glare to find her speaking while putting a hand on his arm he didn't shake off "We have the means to let you know of any change to Shaw's care and his health situation. Just go home get some rest. It's been eight hours since you came in here Mister Crimson. It's evening now. Get some sleep. You could use it."
Nikolai groaned softly but didn't comment a word towards the vet as she wordlessly led him out of the vet hospital to a waiting limo where she let go of his arm to see him inside. He sat inside leaning back and found Barry in the limo with him the male appearing in sight while giving him a familiar glare. Nikolai rubbed a hand over his eyes to find his hand still holding onto the book which he thumped down onto the seat next to him and groaned loudly.
He found Barry kept the glare aimed at him which he spoke "I just got out of the animal hospital. I had a screaming hissy fit while in one of the waiting rooms or it's a patient room don't care. Anyway the vet got me to see Shaw. Gave me a poor diagnose of having to humanely put him down. I commented this question of why his tail was thumping even after seeing scanner's images of his bones broken all over the place in his back side. The vet got me out of the room and gave me this book to read while they go examine Shaw to explain my question. I made a dent into this trashy book that was stinky and disgusting I'm not interested in reading more of it. The vet showed me Shaw eating and showed me scanner's images of him being fixed back together then kicked me out. Hence I here babbling my head to you."
Nikolai sighed and leaned back in the seat to find Barry jabbing his cane in his direction the male speaking "MacLeod did you see him?"
He sighed again and gave a head bob while holding up the hand that MacLeod marked to notice Barry ignore the gesture to speak Compeller's chatter and found the male gone from the car with memory of him getting out normally once it stopped. He groaned leaning back eyes out the window finding traffic wasn't much and figured that it was late evening hour. Nikolai found the limo's driver driving to the familiar building to stop at the lobby's entrance which he got out and found the vehicle driving away leaving him alone. He groaned softly finding the blast doors to the lobby in place to will forwards the Source and waited impatiently for Eli to acknowledge his presence while standing in front of the doors rapping a fist onto it. 
Nikolai heard a loud Hmph to find his Father in sight off his left that spoke "Shouldn't you be using your mental abilities?"
He sighed again and looked away towards the blast doors to wave a hand while mentally speaking "Doors unlock."
Nikolai found the blast doors popping open which he walked inside after manipulating the glass doors finding his familiar guards in vicinity that gave him familiar salutes. 
He sighed and without a word towards the guards mentally ordered towards the blast doors with a hand wave "Doors lock."
Nikolai found the blast doors slamming in a bang sound while hearing multiple ahem noises from the guards to speak loudly "If you want the blast doors open just say so!"
He willed aside the Source to glare at the guards to hear from one speaking "Sir just go to bed. It's rather late for our shift to be up and awake. It's time for second shift to be doing this job in question. Kindly take the elevator if you don't mind."
He didn't comment a response towards the spoken guard's words instead took the elevator to his bedroom's floor. Nikolai walked out finding his familiar door gone from there while showing a curtained doorway. He grunted an annoyed sound and walked through yanking aside the curtain to find himself in a familiar dark hallway facing a door having glow light of an eater underneath it. Nikolai groaned recognizing MacLeod's familiar door walked up towards it to raise a hand intending to knock. He found the door opening in response before he could knock onto it. Nikolai walked inside the room to kneel once in front of MacLeod in his wingback chair still sipping from his familiar mug. 
He spoke "Thank you for saving Shaw." 
Nikolai got from MacLeod putting down the mug onto a small table followed by removing the helmet making him scream in a scream of terror. 
Terror at the moment jerked open his eyes from the screaming in his mind and fell out of the tree with a yelling "Ahh!"

End Nikolai's Story
