Blood Slave: The Beginning

By

Eden Wildblood



Licence Notes:
This ebook is licenced for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please destroy it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

PLEASE NOTE
This story depicts explicit sexual relationships between consenting adults, including elements of coercion and intimidation, which may be a trigger for some readers. 
This story is not suitable for those under the age of 18.

Cover art by LM Cover Designs
Cover photographs courtesy of www.depositphotos.com



Prologue One

“Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me,” Wynter told her very recently dumped ex-boyfriend, Dominic, before finally kicking his cheating arse out the door of her small townhouse. And she really did feel a fool. And ashamed. 
He’d done the same to her months earlier and had come home grovelling with his tail between his legs, insisting it was nothing but a drunken mistake. That she ‘meant nothing.’ She’d tried her hardest to forgive and forget and had thought they were getting somewhere, but then he’d only gone and done it again. So, that was it. The straw that’d broken the camel’s back, and her heart. 
As she watched him beg for forgiveness, Wynter felt an icy chill run not only down her spine, but also into her heart as he pleaded for her to take him back. But it really was no use. She wasn’t angry or upset with him. If anything, she felt indifferent to Dominic and his puppy dog eyes. There was nothing there anymore. No desire to try again and no fear of being alone. The last time, that was the only reason she’d taken him back. Being alone had seemed scarier than being locked into a relationship with a cheating bastard, but not this time. 
She just guessed it was her way of coping, or some kind of defence mechanism getting to work on healing her from the inside out. Shutting off seemed the best way to deal right now. Closing that door and locking it tight was working, and she nourished that feeling of indifference. Part of her marvelled at how the human heart could close to someone it’d once held so dear, but hers really had. She wanted nothing more to do with Dominic, or any other man, right now. Wynter simply wanted to be alone and so shut him out. 

But then she shut everyone out. In the aftermath of their breakup, the iciness set in and became permanent. It spread to all other parts of her life and Wynter had no idea just how much she’d changed. She failed to notice how all her relationships were affected, not to mention her love life. Besides, there was no such thing anymore, only one-night-stands and a beast of a dildo to keep her company on those nights she chose not to entertain the pretence of real. 
She’d come to realise how her mother had been right. All throughout her childhood, she’d told Wynter how men were nothing but monsters. She’d been burned too many times. Been treated like an afterthought by those she’d loved and discarded so easily for the younger, newer model. By her early thirties, her mother had sworn off men entirely, and Wynter could finally see why. It was just a shame she had gone on to become bitter and twisted, and a recluse who’d never let another man come near her again. Even Wynter barely had a thing to do with her. She’d moved across the country for Dom, and for some reason had chosen to stay even after they were over. She and her mum caught up in their few and far between chats via text, and Wynter knew her mother liked it that way too. 
She could see her life going in the exact same direction.
Those lessons had been hard to learn as a young woman, but even harder to overcome. As a teen, Wynter had somehow convinced herself she wouldn’t suffer the same fate. She had done everything she could to work through the mixed emotions she’d had when it came to relationships and intimacy. She had wanted both and had followed her urges over the years, trying to have it all, but time and again the same fires that’d hurt her mother so damn much had burnt her too. 
Men—they could all go to hell as far as she was concerned. Even her friends were selfish and self-centred. Her best friend only ever called or text when she needed something, but when Wynter had needed help, no one had been there. 
She decided she was going to become like them. 
Cold. 
Manipulative.
Selfish.
She wasn’t going to give anyone anything. Only take, and if they didn’t like it, then all they had to do was look in the mirror to figure out why she’d done it. 


Prologue Two

Blood. Rivers of it were cascading over him in waves of hot, thick crimson, and he could taste the various qualities in it. Emotions were distinguishable, as always. The sensations and undertones like subtle hints to the most deliciously flavoured wine he had ever tasted. 
And to top it off, he could taste in the air the most delectable of scents. A woman with ice in her broken heart. He reached out into the ether and shared the feeling with her, like a dream that felt so real she would have to tell her friends about it the following day. She tried to fight it, unsure of what was setting her body on edge, but she was his to control, and so he would. Repeatedly. 
Even in the haze of drunkenness, it would be the most wondrous thing she had ever experienced, and yet he knew she’d go home and tell herself it couldn’t be true. She couldn’t become this man’s plaything. This monster. 
But the dark man had forced her. Persuaded and manipulated every moment to bring her to this place where the world ended and darkness prevailed. 
With a smile, he showed her a glimpse of the future. A time and place where eyes the colour of glowing sapphires haunted her. 
She stumbled away, looking over her shoulder, feeling eyes on her. 
He had memorised her scent, and Wynter knew he would always find her. 
He would even prey upon those she loved to punish her if she didn’t return. Maybe even force her to love him.
And to top it all off, she’d go willingly. Like a foolish little girl who had thought she was strong enough to outwit the most cunning creature who had ever lived, she would play his games and lose time and again. 



One

“And finally, we have the boss’s office on the fourth floor, which is where I leave you. Please take a seat and someone will be here to interview you shortly,” the burly security guard, David, declared and, with a smile and a nod, he was gone again. And just like that, she was one step closer to the job of a lifetime. A chance to start anew and really get somewhere. To be someone else. 
Wynter stood staring at the open doorway with a frown. This all seemed too good to be true. There had to be a catch. Jobs like this didn’t just present themselves out of the blue.
Everything in her life had fallen flat, and there was no way this was going to be any different. The list seemed to go on and on, and to top it all off, there was that odd drunken dream she’d had the night before. Rivers of blood that tasted like wine… No, she wasn’t letting herself so much as think about that right now. Too many vampire movies. That was the problem. She’d sworn off men and instead found herself fantasising about fictional anti-heroes and bad boys her psyche was trying to convince her could be saved. Or maybe she’d thought they could save her too? Jeez, this was exactly why she didn’t like to let herself overthink shit like this! 
Real life was bad enough without her somehow adding other strange woes into the mix. She’d broken up with Dominic two years before, who’d then gone on to marry the slut he’d cheated on her with. And all the while Wynter had simply grown colder towards men, rather than ever let one hurt her again. She’d used them up and spat them out before things got serious, or often only let them stay for one night to avoid any awkwardness at all. Her heart wasn’t broken any more, but it was locked away. No key. Just a wall of rock-solid ice. 
Her job prospects had been dwindling after being passed up for promotion in her current role as Junior Graphic Designer at Marsden and Carmichael—again, and that was why she’d jumped at the chance to start again somewhere new. How she’d ended up here, in a silent hallway waiting to be called in and scrutinised by what she presumed would be a panel of blank faces when she eventually got called through. But Wynter knew she’d play along if it got her the pay rise she so desperately needed. 
She was alone and barely scraping by. The last thing she wanted was for some psycho to take the spare room in her two-bed home, but Wynter had also come to realise that without the extra money to pay the mortgage and bills, she was in danger of losing it. 
She had attempted to drown her sorrows on the pennies left in her purse and dance through her woes at the nightclub the night before, where the same security guard who’d shown her around just now had approached her. He’d offered a job interview on the spot. Well, that wasn’t entirely true. The offer of an interview had come after her having refused the invitation of the club’s owner to join him in one of his private booths. He hadn’t even bothered to come down himself and had sent his minion to do his bidding, and Wynter had laughed in the guy’s face. She wasn’t going to flutter her eyelashes and follow him upstairs just because his boss had spied her from his tower and had told him so before stalking away. 
But then, the bouncer had intercepted her on the way out and offered her a different kind of invitation. The prospect of a job there had been much more appealing and while she’d played it cool, Wynter had readily accepted. She knew it couldn’t be a coincidence that there was suddenly an opening available, though. 
There was a reason Slave was one of the most prestigious and exclusive nightclubs Manchester had to offer. They never had open interviews or advertised for jobs, she’d checked, and while intrigued by the offer, she was not going to let herself be fooled into signing anything unless it looked legit. If the owner, Mr Cole, wanted her to work for him, then fine, but if he just wanted some whore on his payroll, then he was going to have to look elsewhere. She wasn’t that hard up. Not yet at least. 
After sitting for a short while, Wynter was eventually ushered inside another empty room, and she looked around the huge office. She’d expected to find other candidates sat waiting inside, but there was no one else. Just her, and so she took a seat and waited patiently for her interview to begin. 
This was just the latest in a string of desperate attempts to turn her life around and, much like all the rest, she didn’t expect to walk out with an offer above what she was earning in her current job. All she hoped was that they’d give her the chance to start at the bottom and work her way up. She’d work behind the bar if she had to or clean the toilets. 
Something had needed to change for a long time. Wynter didn’t know if it was the overbearing sense of constant rejection she’d felt from everyone in her life, or the iciness inside of her that was growing and growing with every pitfall she managed to find herself falling into, but she was scared. And tired. She didn’t want to struggle any more. She wasn’t afraid of hard work and was willing to push herself to whatever limits she needed to if it stopped her life from spiralling any further. If it made that downward curve turn the other way, even just a little, then she was willing to give everything she had to make it work. 
And so, she was there and was ready and willing to hear what the illustrious Mr Cole had to say. She focussed on the inside of the club, thinking how it hadn’t looked like she’d imagined. The walls had been white and the offices spotless. Almost clinical. 
This one was different, though. The room she was in now had been decorated in blue and grey, and reeked of masculinity. There weren’t flowers in vases or mirrors to brighten up the space, but stripes painted at perfect angles across the huge walls and even a collection of what seemed to be close-up photographs along one side. From where she sat, Wynter thought they looked like blood films. They were black and white but looked like various types of red cells. Some were flat, while others had clumped together. It was an odd choice, or so she thought.
Wynter wasn’t waiting long but was surprised when a solitary man came in and nodded to her before closing the door behind him, rather than the panel from the HR team she’d expected. 
“Good afternoon, Miss Armstrong,” he said, his tone formal and his voice a deep, rumbling caress against her ears. He was certainly eloquent. 
Wynter stood and shook his hand, taking in his appearance. He was in a charcoal suit that was clearly expertly tailored and probably cost more than she made in a year and had teamed it with a crisp pale grey shirt and deep blue tie. With his dark grey hair and the piercing blue eyes he was inspecting her with, he was interesting and well-groomed and had a powerful way about him. The man was clearly older than her by at least a decade, but he still had that sort of look about him she quite liked. He had to be in his early forties but was slim and tall, and he didn’t appear to have let himself go over the years, either. 
“Please, call me Wynter,” she replied with a genuine smile, thinking how if he turned out to be the boss she’d turned down the night before, she was a fool to have refused him. 
“Of course,” he accepted with a courteous nod, as he took his seat behind the huge desk between them. “I’m Marcus. I oversee Mr Cole’s numerous establishments across the world. He has asked me to outline his proposal for your employment and to seal the deal, so to speak.” He then indicated for her to take her seat again, and Wynter frowned. 
“Forgive me, I thought you’d need to interview me first?” she asked, but Marcus shook his head. 
“No need. Mr Cole has already vetted you and made sure of your credentials. All that’s left is for you to sign on the dotted line…” he then produced a folder from the drawer to his right and pulled a pile of papers from inside it. 
They had been carefully arranged and collated, and she could see that someone had meticulously indicated various parts of the document using sticky tabs. The boss, Mr Cole, had clearly elicited a good few hours’ work from whoever had put this pack together for him, and she found herself unsure. What was in that folder? Wynter suddenly felt uncomfortable with how fast the recruitment process was going and took a deep breath to steady herself. 
“He can’t possibly know enough to hire me without seeing what I can do?” Wynter insisted and was sure she caught Marcus roll his eyes with impatience. He clearly hadn’t anticipated having to handhold her, but she wasn’t going to sign anything until she had been fully informed of what would be expected of her. 
“He does, and he has,” he told her in a clipped tone, but then took a breath and fixed those bright blue eyes of his on her again. “Everything you need to know is outlined in this document.” He plucked the top few sheets out and then laid his large palm atop the folder while he continued to scrutinise her. 
Wynter sat back down, staring back at him. Marcus softened his features but continued to watch her, but she could tell he was trying to hide something. And was he really trying to woo her? To make her think she had a chance by flirting and attempting to make her go all giddy? Well, if he was, then he’d chosen the wrong lady to try that with. Wynter didn’t do girly. She didn’t get flustered thanks to a man’s attention, nor would she foolishly sign her life away simply because he’d fixed her with those incredible eyes and insist she does so. 
“And what exactly do you have there on me?” she asked, thinking the folder was far too thick to simply be a contract. If Mr Cole had some kind of dossier on her, he was obliged to show Wynter before she committed to a future with him. Either that, or he had a very meticulous way of doing business. If the latter, it appeared he was dead set on having a full agreement signed from the onset and proving all the ways in which she was expected to work beneath his administration. 
No matter his way of having Marcus do things, it made her think he liked establishing power over his employees and proving he had the means to hold them to their promises right from day one. A way of ensuring no one backed out or walked away. Perhaps some kind of leverage over them?
Her mind wandered back to the night before. Yes, she’d been inebriated, but she remembered talking with the security guard, David, and asking if he liked working there. His answer had wholeheartedly been yes. He’d warned her it was the sort of job that took over your life, though, but in a good way. How he never wanted to leave and always arrived early and left late for his shifts by choice. Wynter hoped he had been telling her the whole truth, and not a lie concocted to get her on side. 
Marcus waited a beat and when she didn’t cave, he smiled to himself as though impressed by his new potential employee’s ability to keep her wits about her even while under pressure. He clearly wasn’t used to dealing with such headstrong workers, but she wasn’t afraid to push him back. After all, the job was apparently already in the bag, or so he’d said. 
“This is the standard contract all employees are required to sign,” he finally answered. 
“It’s very large,” she replied with an element of mirth to her tone and was pleased when she elicited a smile from Marcus, albeit a fleeting one. 
“It is indeed very large, Miss Armstrong, hence the need to move forward right away. We have the usual outline of your job role and expectations anticipated of you therein, but then yours also has some special alterations and dispensations, as per Mr Cole’s request. By the end of our meeting, I hope to have the contract fully completed and you ready to begin your probationary period right away.” 
“Probationary period?” Wynter asked, thinking it rather annoying that after not interviewing and yet hounding her to accept the role, the boss man would still appreciate the opportunity to get rid of her should she not live up to his expectations. 
“Just in case,” Marcus countered with a look of satisfaction on his stoic face, “it’s better for everyone if you’re given the chance to try the job out before you commit to anything.”
Oh. That was a surprise. So, it wasn’t for them to get rid of her, but the other way around? Wow, it really did seem like the sort of workplace that took over your life. David hadn’t been kidding after all. 
Wynter took a steadying breath and peered across at him. Marcus was powerful, she could tell. He liked that power and had an intimidating element to him she could sense. He didn’t seem like he’d be uneasy in delivering their boss’s demands. Not gentle and inviting, like David had been, but she appreciated that he might at least be honest with her, perhaps brutally so at times. 
“First things first,” she told him before taking a sip of the water she realised he’d poured them both without even asking her. “I’d like to know why he chose me? What made Mr Cole pick me out and decide to know more? And does he make a habit of hiring random people just because he finds them intriguing?” she asked, using the term David had relayed to her the night before when trying to lure her upstairs at Mr Cole’s request. 
Marcus grinned and leaned forward in his chair, where he linked his hands in front of his chin and rested it on them, all the while watching her with a devious twinkle in his eye. 
“Mr Cole has very particular tastes when it comes to all aspects of his life, whether business or pleasure,” he told her, “something about a person will grab his attention and he will not stop until he acquires them for whatever position he has in mind. As you may well know, there’s no such thing as an opening within this company, Wynter. He creates roles for the people he wants to come and work for him. He dictates their working hours and their salaries. He makes demands of their time and effort in whatever way he sees fit, and not even one of his employees has ever complained or left his employment.” 
“Why?” she asked again, feeling overwhelmed. There had to be more to it. In what world would she be plucked from a crowd and given an offer that might change her life? This sort of thing didn’t happen. Not to her, anyway. 
“Because he can read people. Know what they need and how hard they’re willing to work to get it. He saw it in you, too. And when you work for him, everything changes. You become one of the elite few who can walk on water simply because his name gives you the power to do so. He opens doors others only close, and it’s like a drug. One each of us wants more and more of.” 
His comment hung in the air, making the silence tense and yet seductive. 
Could it really be so amazing working for one man? And who in the hell was he? Wynter was still scared, but knew she had to find out. 


Two

Wynter reached her hand forward and held it out to Marcus. She was hesitant but also curious and wanted to find out just what this strange new boss had in mind for her. Plus, it couldn’t hurt to look at the proposal. Nothing was set in stone and wouldn’t be until she was ready to sign. She would walk out of there no problem if the deal and its terms weren’t right but hoped that wouldn’t be the case. 
“Then let’s see what he has to say about me,” she told him and was met with another of Marcus’s devilish grins. Those eyes of his were mesmerising and when teamed with that smile he was dangerously mysterious. He was hot, she couldn’t deny it, and Wynter quickly found herself wondering what the rules were on inter-office liaisons. 
But first, she had to keep a clear head and see what she was potentially getting herself into. 
Her interviewer handed her the file, and she read the first few pages. It was indeed some kind of dossier, and within was a brief overview of her current career path and income at Marsden and Carmichael. The phrases ‘face doesn’t fit’ and ‘lacks the proper reputation’ jumped out and were like a kick in the teeth. They were there in black and white, taken from copies of emails sent between her boss and line manager. The pair of them had discussed her personal life at length and called her a ‘cold and distant sort. Not right for a position higher up within the company.’
If she weren’t so cold and distant, Wynter thought she might be upset reading their words. Part of her was, but like any emotion, she pushed it down and turned the page.
It didn’t get any better. Whoever had delved deeply into her life had pulled up her bank records and gone so far as to plot her sorry state in a graph. It had her current net worth in bright red letters at the bottom with a minus sign before it. 
Further down, it got even worse. There were bullet points. Her personal life outlined so simply. So coldly.

Relationship status – single. Never married. No children. No prospects. 
Casual sex – yes, frequently plus masturbation. 
Uses sexual protection – yes, condoms and pill. 
Number of sexual partners – approx. 30-35 in the past year.
Medical history – nothing significant. 
Allergies – none. 
Current medications – oral contraceptive. Past – anti-depressants.

Wynter went through a range of emotions at reading through her file. She was angry, ashamed, and then disgusted. How could they know some of these things? And what about her medical background, unless they’d hacked into the records held by her GP? And even worse, how could they possibly know about her sexual habits and number of partners, unless they’d snooped on her social media and perhaps even her phone records? 
This was worse than trying for a job at MI6, or so she believed. 
She wanted to shout her mouth off and storm away, but then took another look at the whole sum of her life’s efforts. No family. No husband. Just a life of proclivity and crippling debt. The only person she should be angry with was her. She had let herself get that way and now, sitting opposite her, was her chance to change all that. 
Wynter let out a sigh and lifted her gaze back to Marcus. “Wanna know my shoe size too?” 
“We have to be thorough,” he answered without a hint of an apology. 
“Why?” she demanded, albeit half-heartedly. 
“I can tell you once you’ve signed the contract,” he replied cryptically, “don’t like it? You know where the door is.” 
Marcus then waited a few seconds, and when Wynter didn’t take the offer to leave, he grinned across at her. “Good. The full dossier on you will be handed over once you’ve signed the contract. We keep only one sealed copy for future records.” 
More like for leverage, she thought, but realised they didn’t have any on her anyway, so figured she wouldn’t let it bother her. 
Wynter let out a huff and flicked over to the next page. At least the invasive part seemed over with. On the second page was a summary of her proposed job role. It was finally some good information and made her flush with excitement to discover that she would be given an office of her own, and the title of Marketing Manager. 
She would apparently be working alongside the IT department to produce materials for both public viewing, and those accessing the club’s exclusive member’s only sites for the specialty themed nights in between. This was interesting, but at least it explained why the nightclub was only open to the public on a weekend. 
She wanted to know more, but there was nothing about it in the role description. Wynter guessed perhaps there was a dark underbelly to the nightclub scene that wasn’t common knowledge to those outside of certain circles, which included her as long as she still hadn’t signed off on the job. It intrigued her to know she would find out the truth about what was going on behind the closed doors of the club during the week, though, and she could tell she was moving closer to accepting the job offer already. 
The document then went on to describe how she’d also be moderating private groups and begin building an online presence for both the club she was in and Mr Cole’s many others across the globe. Plus, she’d oversee the marketing campaigns as well as dressing the club in whichever colour schemes she saw fit for whatever occasion. 
Now that sounded perfect. Putting her web design skills to use while also being the head of the marketing team was a dream come true. No more monotony of sitting behind a desk working on nothing other than simple designs while those above her got to do the exciting work, and of course take all the credit. 
Wynter was ready to know more and turned the page where she found her anticipated working hours. 
“Seven days a week?” she asked in surprise, and looked up at Marcus, who nodded.
“Absolutely. You’ll be working from six o’clock in the evening until two-am every night. We all work those core hours, but others come in during the day as well to do overtime at Mr Cole’s behest. He has asked that you add some specially designated hours to your working week, but they are outlined later,” Marcus replied, still seeming utterly at ease with the terms of her employment, and just how much was expected of her. 
“And what’s the setup there?” Wynter replied, thinking how working every evening was going to be hard work, especially if she had to be up and out again for nine-am to work at her other job. She needed as much money as she could get, but it was doable, at least for a short while. She’d be able to work both jobs until she had enough money saved, or until her probationary period was over. Once she knew whether she wanted to stay with Mr Cole, she could easily quit one job or the other. 
“Later,” he insisted, and Wynter dropped her gaze back to the page, figuring it’d be pointless to waste time pursuing it when all she had to do was keep reading. 
She took a moment to let the details sink in. The job seemed wonderful. The hours long, but acceptable. The club was prestigious and after working here, she’d have her pick of future placements. Slave was somewhere everyone she knew would die to work in, and she’d kick herself for not jumping at the chance to work there. Even the people were lovely, or at least the few she’d met so far. 
Wynter knew there had to be a catch somewhere. She had to keep looking. Keep reading between the lines. She turned another page and frowned when she found more details regarding the level of commitment expected by the company. 
“No sick days and no annual leave?” she asked, shaking her head. “Surely it’s the law to provide those things?” 
“Not if mutually agreed,” Marcus countered. “Mr Cole wants to know every corner of his domain is covered at all times and doesn’t want to have to employ temps or cover absences. You’re to turn up every day without fail, or else face dismissal. Your salaried pay will more than make up for it. Keep reading.” 
Wynter didn’t like the sound of their absence policy one little bit, but she held her tongue and did as Marcus had asked and carried on through the lengthy contract. 
When she reached the next page outlining her proposed pay, she was surprised to find the box blank where her yearly wage should be. 
She looked up at Marcus and frowned. “This part is up for negotiation,” he informed her before she could ask. “How much do you think you’re worth?” 
Wynter gulped and gawked at him, but it appeared he was entirely serious and was ready to hear her answers before providing his counter offer. She knew she had to propose more than she’d anticipated to allow for some room to barter and so doubled her current salary and then doubled that too, just for good measure. 
“One hundred thousand pounds per annum,” she announced, thinking it ludicrous, but without hesitation, Marcus fixed his immense gaze on hers again and nodded. 
“Done,” he replied, before throwing her a pen. “Write it in there and initial it.” Wynter grabbed the pen and went to do it, but then looked back to him and chewed her bottom lip for a second while trying to figure out the best way to ask if she ought to have demanded more. She didn’t want to appear greedy but figured she might as well get the best offer she could. “Something wrong?” Marcus teased, and it was clear he knew exactly what was on her mind. 
“How much do you think?” she replied, her voice a little shaky. 
“I’m glad you asked,” he said with that smile of his again. “The budget is two hundred thousand. As long as you said there or beneath it, I was advised not to negotiate.” 
“Perhaps I could make a counter offer then?” she asked him, mirroring his smile. 
“I think rounding it up to two hundred would be more than acceptable, but don’t tell Mr Cole I told you so,” he told her, having known exactly what she was going to say. 
Wynter wrote the numbers and initialled it with a shaking hand. She couldn’t even begin to imagine what it’d be like to earn that kind of money, but she clung to the idea all the same. This might be happening. It might really be real.
She was about to turn over onto the final page when Marcus reached forward and put his hand over hers so fast it was like a blur. Wynter would normally pull hers away whenever someone touched her like that, but this time, she didn’t. Instead, she peered up into his eyes again and took a steadying breath. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked him, her voice a mere whisper. 
“I’ve a feeling the final page is going to make or break this decision for you,” he said before leaning closer, seeming worried. “I want you to be aware before you read it, and know that, like the rest of it, everything is up for negotiation.” 
He lifted his hand away, and she turned the page, not knowing what on earth she was to expect to find there. Wynter couldn’t imagine in a business that seemed to thrive on making its employees a fair offer, she would find something terrible there, but the look on Marcus’s face told her there was some kind of powerful demand awaiting her. Something that, if she agreed to it, would mean a complete change in how she was going to view her new job proposal. 



Three

Marcus released Wynter from his gaze and sat back in his seat, watching her read over the final page with an enforced blank look on his face, but inside his guts were churning with need for her. Would she say yes? Or would she refuse the final proposal and storm out? 
Might she like the challenge he’d set out for her and rise to it? He couldn’t tell, but he wanted her to see it for what it was—a promise as well as a test. He knew she was special. There was no doubt about that. He could smell her from across the room and practically taste her scent in the air. Wynter was to be the perfect addition to his now thriving team, and he couldn’t wait to make her his. And all she had to do was sign on that final dotted line. 
It wasn’t like he had lured her in, either. Far from it. She’d been drawn to his club for a reason. Perhaps one she herself didn’t yet know, and while it pained him to have to wait patiently for her answer, he also knew he had to remain calm and let her have time to react to the specifications outlined on that final page. He’d let her say her bit, and then hopefully she’d tell him yes and sign her life away. 
Would they have offered her enough money? Enough security? Had he been a gracious enough host during their time together so far? He damn well hoped so, because he knew that if he failed today, he’d be done for tomorrow. Fresh blood had needed recruiting, and he was damn sure that with her beneath him, their businesses both legitimate and otherwise would get the revitalisation it so desperately needed. 
He was counting on her. That sweet and desperate little thing who so needed what he was more than willing to offer. Wynter was cold and lonely. Shut off from the rest of the world because she’d been broken too many times. But he was going to change all that. Marcus was going to give her somewhere to belong, but only if she agreed to give him what he needed in return. 

***

Wynter read and reread the page to make sure she was clear on what would be expected of her if she agreed to the final terms of her employment. 

‘The employee is expected to undertake extra duties as laid out by her employer when called upon and shall set aside the hours of 2:01 to 17:59 every Saturday and Sunday to facilitate all tasks as and when given to her by Mr Cole directly. Overtime benefits are negotiable and will be paid accordingly, as well as added benefits for the extra time spent at the companies’ behest.’ 

“What does that mean? I have to work overtime at weekends?” she eventually asked Marcus, whom she caught glowering over at her from the opposite side of the desk. 
It was ever so odd. He seemed poised, like he was ready to pounce or something, and was having to force himself back against his seat. 
He let out a gruff sigh and ran his hand through his dark grey hair, clearly disgruntled, but Wynter couldn’t understand why. It seemed clear enough to her; she was just asking for clarification? “I’ll gladly work extra. It isn’t a problem!” she assured him, and then peered down at where she needed to sign and complete their deal.
Wynter waited for a reaction from him before signing the page off but was met with still stony silence and stared back down at the page. Overtime wasn’t any hassle, plus it was still outside of her other job so would be fine. She could attend some meetings or do extra work if it was required of her and knew this was what she wanted. No part of her felt ready to refuse this epic deal just waiting to be done, and so she signed her name, completing her contract with Mr Cole and making it final. 
Wynter then ran her thumb across the embossed paper and marvelled at the finery of it, but then hissed when she caught the edge and was rewarded with a small paper cut. 
A single drop of her blood fell onto the page and was soaked up in an instant, having dried before she could wipe at it, and Wynter pushed her thumb into her mouth in a bid to stop any more from messing up the contract. She was about to offer Marcus an apology when she felt a wave of nausea wash over her. 
She suddenly felt incredibly off. She came over hot and cold and was then filled with a strange awareness of her own body like she’d never felt before. Every inch of her skin was on fire. It was itching, aching for something, and she didn’t know what on Earth it could be, or at least that was until she looked up at Marcus and felt drawn to him like a magnet. As if he were the cure to her sudden onset of desperation. 
Wynter somehow knew that wherever he went, she wanted to follow him, and how she’d do whatever it took to stay there by his side. She didn’t even know the reason or understand why she felt those things, but she did. And she hoped to God he felt the same way about her too, otherwise things could get awkward damn quickly. 
His expression told Wynter he at least felt something. It didn’t matter his age or the powerful position he was clearly in. She liked him and wanted to explore her feelings when appropriate and when they were, hopefully, reciprocated.
“I’d like you to take a copy of this home with you. Make sure you read it again and are happy before your probationary period ends in one week’s time,” Marcus told her after a few seconds of silence, before he took the signed contract and secured it in his desk drawer. “But for now, it’s time you were shown to your office and given the full details about what other exploits we cater for here. Some will come as a shock, but you’re one of the team now, so I’m sure I can trust you to keep your wits about you and use your discretion when it comes to being open-minded.”
“Sure,” Wynter answered with a shrug. Sounded to her like the club seconded as something secretive and perhaps illegal. Maybe involving men and women for hire? Or perhaps feeding extreme sexual appetites? She was no prude and figured she’d seen a lot and done plenty when it came to exploring her sexuality. There couldn’t be much that would shock her. Or so she thought. 
With a nod, Marcus then led them out and across the corridor to an awaiting elevator. Inside, Wynter felt herself gravitating towards him. She still felt that odd attraction to him, as if he had something she desperately needed. She wanted to tell him, but she caught her breath before she made a fool out of herself. Even if being away from him made her ache to get closer, she wasn’t going to give in. There was no part of her that wanted to make a fool of herself on day one.
They went down to a set of offices she’d seen on her tour and came to a stop outside the one marked Marketing Manager. Her office. Wynter could’ve jumped for joy just thinking about it. 
Marcus produced a key from his pocket, unlocked the door, and led her inside. He then handed the key to Wynter, who immediately secured it to her set of house keys. 
“When you’re out of this office for any reason, you lock the door,” he demanded. “In fact, lock yourself inside when you’re alone as well. Security is top priority, even with your co-workers. Not everyone is trustworthy, Wynter. You never know what people might try and snoop on when your back is turned or come in and watch you work with their prying eyes. In fact, go ahead and lock it behind us now. I’d like a moment alone before we get down to work.” 
Wynter felt strange locking them in together. She did as Marcus asked, but she couldn’t deny feeling uneasy about being alone with him in her new office. It felt sordid. Like they were going to develop a name for themselves already and while she couldn’t deny still finding him attractive, it didn’t mean she was ready to jump his bones within minutes of signing her contract. 
“Marcus, I…” she began, but he held up one hand to shush her. 
Against all her natural instincts, Wynter couldn’t help but obey, and she watched as he looked her up and down, that salacious smile back again. 
“You agreed to do whatever tasks were asked of you during your overtime periods,” he said, reminding her of the strange clause at the end of the contract. He then checked his watch, reminding her that, with it being Saturday afternoon, they were smack bang in the middle of those overtime hours. “But what kind of work do you imagine it to be?” he pressed her after a tense silence and Wynter gulped. “You need to go into this job with your eyes open. You’ll be making more money than you ever dreamed while gaining the respect of your bosses, peers, and subordinates alike. But it will come at a price.” 
Wynter shook her head. She’d made it clear to David the night before that she was no whore, so if Mr Cole had put that clause in there because he expected her to perform for him or entertain his guests, then he certainly had another thing coming. 
“It doesn’t say in the contract what the overtime work will entail,” she answered after remembering those few lines again. That was when it properly dawned on her. It didn’t say she would be working extra hours to complete her usual work. In fact, it didn’t say anything more than how she would be expected to add time to her weekend at the behest of Mr Cole. It could technically be anything he asked of her, and she wouldn’t have a leg to stand on if she tried to refuse. 
She opened her mouth to snap some snide remark Marcus’s way, but he shushed her again. 
“Before you go demanding to rescind your contract because of your probationary period, I want you to at least try things our way. If you leave before the week is up, you can never change your mind and come back. It’ll be like you were never here. All will be lost and no amount of begging will change that, so why not at least give this place a go? Like I said, I only want you to go into this job with a clear head.” 
“Why?” she asked, feeling lost. Nothing was making sense, but she realised she’d been right about one thing. The deal had been too good to be true. Wynter had been offered everything she’d ever dreamed of. Money, a title she felt she deserved, and the chance to reinvent herself under a new boss and in a new life. This job was her opportunity to step out from the darkness she’d shielded herself in for far too long, but, of course, there was a price. 
“Give me one week to sway you, Wynter,” Marcus replied, stepping closer. 
She stepped away, but he kept on advancing and soon her back was against the locked door and she had nowhere else to run. Marcus placed a hand on her cheek, ignoring her trembling, and she couldn’t deny it felt amazing to have him touch her. “You may walk away at any point in the next seven days, but I believe that by the time we reach this same moment next week, you’ll be begging me to let you stay.” 
“And why is that?” she asked, feeling penetrated by his powerful gaze. Wynter could also feel herself starting to thaw. She had a week to decide. Seven nights of work to see this place in all its glory and gore, and she was going to use them wisely. Get the lay of the land and figure out what the hell she was dealing with before she made her final decision. 
“Because what Marcus Cole wants, Marcus Cole gets…” 
Wynter started to laugh uncontrollably. Why hadn’t she realised sooner? Of course, it was the renowned Mr Cole she had been dealing with the entire time. Who else would’ve had the power to offer her such an intricately planned out deal? He would never have trusted someone else to procure his next prize, not when he seemed to enjoy the hunt so damn much. 
“And what do you intend to do with me for the next seven days, Mr Cole?” 
“Teach you,” he replied and then leaned closer so that his lips were right by her ear. “I’ve promised to give you everything you ever wanted, so now I’m going to deliver it. And all while you learn about my life and my work. How I run my empire. What I like and dislike. And of course, how I expect my women to behave…” 
“You’ve got another thing coming if you think I—”
Marcus silenced Wynter with a kiss and while she tried to fight him off at first, it wasn’t long before she began to melt against him, her senses suddenly overwhelmed. 
Her body was strangely awakened, as if every one of her true hormonal responses and carnal desires had lain dormant and in wait for the right man to stoke those fires back to life, and properly coax them out of her. 
Nothing compared to the rush she felt. No one else’s kiss had ever made her feel the way Marcus’s was. Her memories of other lovers were null and void after just a few seconds of his mouth on hers, and Wynter was suddenly feeling rather forgiving about his devious approach at getting her to sign that contract. 
When he pulled back, she felt bereft. With him so close, she could feel the heat from his body radiating against hers and couldn’t focus on anything other than her need to have his mouth on hers again. 
Marcus licked his lips, and that was when Wynter saw the slightest shade of pink staining them. Was that blood? She didn’t feel like her lips were bleeding or anything, but when he grinned again, his teeth were a dazzling bright white. It had to have been a trick of the light, she presumed. She’d been lost in her lustful haze and had seen something that wasn’t there. Yes, that was it. It had to be. 
“You’re very lucky,” Marcus warned as he dipped his head down again and placed another kiss against her cheek. “I don’t usually kiss on the first date, but with you I simply couldn’t help myself.” He then let out a small laugh before stepping away. She felt lost all over again and slumped against the door behind, feeling vulnerable and drained. What the hell was that? With him close by, she felt whole, but when he was gone, so too were those rekindled hopes and dreams. 
“Tell me more about what you want from me, Marcus,” Wynter begged, “explain that clause at the end of the contract and why you warned me about it?” 
He walked around the room like a ghost. He brushed his fingertips over the desk and chair with only the slightest of touches and didn’t seem to disturb a thing. He stopped only once he’d reached the solitary window that Wynter could tell looked out onto the nightclub below. 
“I expect the men and women who work for me to undertake extra work at my command,” he answered, still looking down at what she assumed was the now empty club. Wynter knew that already but decided against saying anything more just yet. Instead, she crept closer. “Every employee has a maximum of two set days per week in which they cover that workload. My clients pay well and frequent us often, and that extra money is shared between myself and the employee who does my bidding.” 
“So, you do whore us out?” Wynter replied with a frown. She felt sick at the sheer thought but didn’t stop her approach. 
“No, I do not,” he answered curtly. She moved closer still, watching his face from the side as he continued to stare out the window. “Everyone has needs. Some make sense to others and some don’t, but that doesn’t make them any less real. Myself and others like me require regular top-ups from those in our employ. By regulating it, I help to avoid causing a scene or doing any damage to our reputations while taking what we need. What we must have to survive.” 
“Regulating what?” she whimpered, watching him intently. 
Marcus had seemed to go impossibly pale, yet his eyes were somehow shining even brighter. She could see his reflection in the glass and it was as if she were staring at a skeleton, not a man made from flesh and bone. His eyes darted and caught hers in the reflection, and she felt her entire body go icy cold. As if death himself was peering at her through the void of time and space. Like she had crossed over through the veil at the reaper’s invitation. 
“The blood-letting,” he answered her in the same calm monotone he’d used earlier in the interview. “If we must take it, surely you agree it is better that we do so with willing donors?” 
Her head began to spin. No, she couldn’t have heard him right. No way. 
And yet, Marcus remained perfectly still as he watched her take it in and process what he had said. His impossibly bright blue eyes still bore into hers through the reflection in the glass, and Wynter felt as though her heart skipped a beat. 
“What are you?” she asked. “What world have you lured me into?” Wynter added before breaking the eye contact and slumping down against the desk. 
“A world where blood means more to my clients than money. One where you and everyone else here holds the key to our very survival itself,” he answered, and then he turned to look at her. Wynter was relieved to see Marcus as he had been before, not the ghoulish form she knew she never wanted to see again, and yet wasn’t able to forget. 
He stepped closer and, for some strange reason, she didn’t try to clamber away. This time, she held his gaze and remained rooted to the spot, eager to know more. 
“When you kissed me…” 
“It was because I had to taste you,” he answered with that same devilish grin she’d come to dote on in just the couple of hours she’d known him. “I had my suspicions that you would be delicious, but only recently did you begin to outshine all the other frequenters to my club. I needed someone new to join my specially chosen team and last night it was as though I could smell you before you’d even walked through the door.” Wynter gulped. He could smell her? 
“And that’s why you sent David down to get me?” 
“Yes, but you weren’t playing, were you? I had to come up with a new plan. A better one. My desire for you overshadowed everything else, and so I did my research. I found out what you needed and offered it to you.” 
“And here I am,” Wynter recollected, shaking her head at her own naïveté. She then realised he hadn’t answered one of her questions from before, and so asked it again. “What are you?” she asked as she moved closer without thinking.
Marcus took Wynter’s hand and lifted it to his nose, where he drew in a sigh and smiled to himself. He seemed pleased with his newest procurement and, while part of her was flattered by that notion, there was also a bigger part that was disgusted. And although she already knew the answer, she needed him to say it. 
“Some of our kind call themselves vampires. Nosferatu. Creatures of the night who dine on the blood of humans to keep themselves immortal. I suppose that is kind of apt,” he said, confirming her suspicions. “But to be something so widely fantasised about and immortalised in fiction seems uncouth to me. I wish to remain more mysterious. Better the myth than the cliché.” 
Wynter wanted to make some joke about the way he’d passed his reveal off like some suave and sophisticated aristocrat who hated labels. She wanted it all to be a joke, and yet, she could say nothing. Marcus was touching her again and, like before, she was desperate for more. She was drawn to that touch and wanted him to tell her more just so that she could hear his penetrating voice while they were still connected. “Against all odds, you want to give yourself to me, don’t you, Wynter?” Marcus asked, and it was clear he knew exactly what she was feeling towards him. 
“Yes,” she hissed, nodding. 
“You’re already so compliant. So willing. I’m afraid I shall have to accept sooner than I’d anticipated,” he replied as he turned her hand over and pressed the inside of her wrist to his nose before inhaling deeply. “But don’t you want to know more first? Aren’t there answers you still seek?” 
“Of course,” she told him, panting, “but still, I feel like I want to give you what you need first.” She couldn’t understand why she even felt that way, or how the scenario itself was somehow so erotic and enticing, but her entire body was screaming for Marcus to take a bite. 
She wondered if perhaps the media and its obsession with romanticising the supernatural had affected how she saw him after all. But then and there, Marcus really was beautiful. The most stunning creature she had ever seen, and she was more than ready to give him all of herself. Every last drop. 
Wynter grew curious as she waited. She wanted to see him take the bite. To prove to herself that this was real. But also, she was desperate to feel it as he took her blood inside of himself and let out a little soft sigh of relief when he finally opened his mouth. 
She expected teeth, like in the movies, but instead it was his tongue that first made contact with her flesh, and she was surprised to feel him lick her. As he pressed the tip of his tongue down onto her skin, it was like shards of glass were piercing her flesh. Strangely, she enjoyed the sting of it, which was quickly sucked away when Marcus closed his mouth over the wound and began taking long draws of her blood. 
Wynter cried out as a head rush hit her, but her shock was quickly outlived when it was suddenly replaced by sheer euphoria. 
Her body came alive, and she felt powerful. Like she’d just been given some kind of epic high no other substance could remotely match. She counted four gulps and then he slowed his pulls and eventually lifted his head away, licking the wound clean before turning to look back at her and breaking their contact. 
Wynter had that same feeling of emptiness she’d had when he’d stopped his kiss earlier, and a small voice in the back of her mind told her it had to be part of his power. He was able to lure humans to their deaths not only willingly but also begging for it. 
And now she was under his spell, too. “Tell me,” she croaked as she inspected the cut left on her inner wrist from his bite. Wynter had expected bite indentations or perhaps a graze from his glass-like tongue, but instead there were only the tiniest of marks. Like a papercut. “Tell me more about what you are, and why you’ve chosen me to be part of your empire?” 
Marcus set his gaze upon her again and began a slow meander back over to the window, and once again she saw his eyes burn brightly, boring into hers.
Wynter felt like following him, the desire to be close again almost claiming her, but she forced herself to remember who she was and what she’d come to his club for. She’d gone there for a job and the new life that came with it. She had come to change her entire future and had gotten her wish. With or without her infatuation with Mr Cole, she needed to know the rest of what he’d been so willing to tell her before she’d unceremoniously thrown herself at his mercy and begged him to bite her. 
And so, she sat back and waited for him to reveal all. With a clear head at last, she was ready to see the bigger picture. Not just what he wanted from her, but what he expected of their future together.
“Every one of my employees serves my customers at least one day of the week. Like with you, they’re contracted to remain in the club after their shift finishes and work right through until the end of the following evening,” he told her, and had retreated so far she could almost think straight at last. “Most of them work their overtime during the week, when we are visited by anywhere from two hundred to a thousand vampiric creatures. We have specialised evenings, but the highest level of Blood Slave is savoured. Taken slowly and enjoyed, rather than rushed. Each vampire can be allocated a suitable companion based on their preferences of blood type and such, or choose one themselves, before they’re offered a private room and some alone time with their purchase.” 
“How many employees do you have in total?” Wynter asked, thinking that if every single one had to do their duty on their prearranged days of the week, then there would have to be well over a thousand to accommodate their visitors. That or, God forbid, they would be expected to see to more than one customer per day. 
“A minimum of two hundred are here on any given workday,” Marcus answered. “The schedule is staggered over the day to ensure they don’t lose too much blood and allow them to get some sleep. It is an arduous schedule, but one easily managed once every employee gets through their probation and understands what is needed of them.” 
So, it had been the second of her two presumed arrangements. Wynter wondered what it’d be like to have to go from one vampire to another and letting them feed on her. Would she experience the same euphoria as before with each of them? Would that high make it all worth it? She remembered back to David’s comment about how she’d want to come into work more than her scheduled hours. How she’d want to stay late and arrive early. Was he addicted to the rush, and that was why he felt that way? Was he more than willing to be someone’s meal because he craved the feeling it gave him? Her instincts told her yes. 
And then fear gripped at her gut. Had Marcus done more to her than just lure her in? Maybe he’d already arranged clients for her, and if so, she knew she had no hope of escaping them.
Wynter gulped and ran her hand over the small cut where Marcus had already taken her blood, and remembered shamefully she had been so damn willing. 
She imagined having cuts like that all over her body and suddenly felt afraid. 
“So on a Saturday and Sunday, I’ll be scheduled to feed them too? Like you did with me a few minutes ago?” she asked and jumped in shock when Marcus turned his intense blue eyes on her and they were full of fury. 
“Absolutely not, Wynter. Those Slaves are dirty and tainted. But not you. No…” he growled, “you were selected specifically because I wanted you myself. Each of my managers were chosen above all others because I was drawn to them for one reason or another. I made them the same promises I made you in my office and that I am making you now—no other of my kind will ever feast on your blood. You are mine and mine alone,” he demanded, and the commanding power in his voice made Wynter tremble. 
Was this really happening? Had he actually just said those words, the same ones the vampire anti-heroes in her stories always told the object of their affections? Wynter knew the answer was yes, but still, she wasn’t completely sure she wanted his company in return. She was scared for him to want her so much. Scared to fail him or displease him. Terrified of not being good enough, or him changing his mind. 
Maybe she should walk away before her probation was complete? It’d be easier to bear it if the loss was on her own terms, rather than suffer the shame of being cast aside. 
Marcus watched her, and she wondered for a moment if he could read her mind because his frown only deepened and his eyes burned cooler. “You want to know if we can make this work? If you can actually live your life beneath my shadow?” 
“Yes,” she answered honestly, “and, why me? Why now? Why this way?” 
“I told you earlier that I could practically smell you last night before you’d walked in the door,” he told her, and Wynter nodded. “It’s true. I could sense your desperation. Smell your despair. It was intoxicating.” 
“That’s not exactly a compliment,” she replied with a frown. It wasn’t exactly how she’d imagined it. He could’ve complimented her in any way, and yet he was still honest to a fault. 
“It isn’t meant to be.” 
Marcus went to her and came to a stop just inches away. He then reached down and stroked her long chestnut hair around his deft hands. He curled a piece around the end of his finger before lifting it to his nose and breathing her in all over again. “My kind can sense emotions in ways humans cannot. I can taste your fear or excitement in your blood. I can smell your happiness or your despair. Like any other predatory creature, we have our likes and dislikes. And I simply adored it when a certain young woman turned up at my club, exuding hopelessness in droves. While hiding it well in front of everyone else in the room, there was no hiding it from me. I could sense you even from floors away and knew I had to have you. And now, you’re mine, and I intend to make sure of it that you stay.” 


Four

Marcus’s words left Wynter feeling even more disheartened. It was as if all her merits and skills had been overlooked in her hiring. And all because she’d simply had the perfect amount of despair and hopelessness that’d oozed out of her in waves so powerful a vampire had picked it up in an instant. Like a shark with the drop of blood luring it from the depths. She was his prey. His so easily procured new gift to himself. Even if he kept her alive for another sixty years and she died an old lady of natural causes, she knew she’d always be his. 
Already, her future suddenly seemed inevitable. Two days every week for the foreseeable future, she was breakfast, lunch, and dinner to Marcus. Nothing more. She couldn’t be, or else he would’ve told her so. He would’ve called her beautiful or sexy. He would’ve kissed her again and held her close, but instead he simply stood there, watching her come to terms with his awful announcement. 
He sniffed the air and grinned at her, and Wynter knew she was giving off the exact scent he’d warned her was his favourite. He adored her sadness and even though she wished she could defy him; she couldn’t stop herself from wallowing in her misery. And it wasn’t like he was going to stop her anytime soon. After all, it was apparently what he liked about her so much, and right now, all those methods she used to hide her emotions away seemed to have gone completely out the window. 
“So, what’s the plan? How will our weekends work?” she eventually asked in a bid to pierce the heavy silence. 
“Like I told you before, you’re to remain here for the full two days. I will feed from you as I please and you’re free to do some work or enjoy the time however you wish,” he told her with his air of aristocracy Wynter figured had been perfected over many years, maybe even hundreds. “You don’t have to remain by my side, but close by. Ready to serve me.” 
“And what if I refuse?” she asked, suddenly feeling brave. 
Marcus beamed and let out a throaty laugh. He then fixed those icy blue eyes on her again and, without a word, had Wynter up on her feet and walking towards him with her hand outstretched and eager to feed him. 
“As if you could try,” he answered as he took her hand in his and lifted it to his mouth. Wynter thought he was going to bite her again, but instead he simply held it to his nose, soaking up her scent. He was right, of course, and Wynter felt a pang of rage spear in her gut. It was quickly replaced with adoration, but she knew now how that was fake. Merely masking her true feelings. 
“Am I under some kind of a spell?” she enquired, thinking how no matter what, she’d still wanted him to taste her. Her fears had diminished the moment he’d lured her over, as had the shock at finding out vampires weren’t only real, but also there in her city, and in her life. All she could think about was Marcus, and she felt her body gravitate towards him again. She’d soon pressed herself against him and was savouring his scent too while enveloping herself in it. In him. 
“It’s more of a curse,” he whispered. He then ducked his head and offered Wynter a small kiss. “You gave your life to me the minute you signed the contract and sealed it with your blood. It was no accident, trust me, but then you were rewarded with a curse of my own creation. You’re linked to me now. You will grow older as normal, but your life will only go on as long as mine does, plus you will serve me without question. Every natural survival instinct in you can be overridden by my need to feed, and should I decide to drain every drop of blood from your body, you won’t even try to stop me.” 
Wynter wanted to scream and push Marcus away, but instead she grew hotter and was overcome with the desire to rip off his clothes and beg him to make love to her. 
“I can sense what you need,” she whimpered, realising how it wasn’t she who needed to fuck, but her new master. She was emulating him. Mirroring his needs so that he might take from her what he so desired. “Do you sleep with your other managers, Marcus? Do you let them make love to you while you feed?” 
Marcus pushed Wynter away as if she’d just offended him, and the moment the contact was broken, she felt ashamed for having been so brazen. It wasn’t really like she’d been all that hot for him, but when their bodies had been pressed against one another’s, it’d felt so right she hadn’t been able to fight it. Like she’d wanted to offer everything on a plate to him, just as she had when it’d come to giving him her wrist to drink from. “I’m sorry,” she tried, flushing hot with shame. 
God, none of this was like her. Wynter had always separated work from all else, but here it was different. Marcus had cast his spell on her and while she wanted to maintain her distance, she simply couldn’t. 
“I absolutely do not fornicate with the others, Wynter. And I shan’t with you either,” he corrected her. “You’re here to serve my one need and that alone. The rest is off the table. I don’t care who you sleep with, but make sure you do not propose such a preposterous notion to me again,” Marcus then chastised. 
Well, maybe if you weren’t so gagging for it, I wouldn’t have felt your desire, she thought, scowling over at him. Wynter wanted to say the words. She wanted to shame him like he had her, but she knew it wouldn’t be worth the backlash. He would surely punish her for acting out, and she wasn’t sure she was ready for it just yet. 
“Hmmm,” Marcus teased, grinning again as he inhaled the air between them deeply. “You’re even more delicious when you’re angry.” 
His remark had the desired effect, and Wynter was instantly riled. He wanted angry? She’d show him angry!
“Do you kiss the others like you kissed me then?” she demanded, unable to help it. Marcus shook his head no. “Then don’t pretend you aren’t interested in me sexually, and don’t try to shame me for acting on the urges you’ve called up in me.” She was pointing her finger at him and quickly dropped it. Where had this come from? She’d never dared tell one of her bosses off before and didn’t know what to think anymore. She was disgusted both with her actions and the situation she’d found herself in. Too good to be true, she’d told herself before coming here. This job was turning out to be far worse than that!
“I do whatever I want, Wynter. If that means kissing you when I feel like it, then so be it. Just because I won’t fuck you doesn’t mean I wouldn’t like to taste every part of you…” he countered. She flushed but forced it away, clinging to her rage. That was real, not the alternative. Not the desires still welling within her to creep closer. To touch him. To fuck him…
“But you’ll only kiss me while you feed?” 
“Of course. Why else?” he answered, closing the gap between them again.
Yeah, why else indeed, she thought, feeling dejected again. Wynter was about to pull back and attempt to walk away when Marcus seemed to decide against letting her go. 
He moved the hair away from her neck and dipped his head is if to kiss her there, but Wynter was a fast learner and knew better than that. She could tell what was coming and sucked in a breath to steady herself, and it wasn’t long before she felt that same sensation of razor-sharp shards cutting through her skin. As if a dozen tiny knives had just swiped her, the sharp sting was a shock, but was quickly replaced by euphoria. 
Marcus drank deeply from the wound he’d made. She couldn’t count the gulps this time as he took so many, and it was mere seconds before Wynter felt blissful again and as though she were drifting on clouds that made her entire body sing. She was also climbing a wave she knew all too well. One that usually ended in a crescendo of pleasure when she was with the right partner, and she began to pant, eager for her climax. 
How could a bite feel so good and promise such a pleasurable culmination? But there it was, and it was building fast. She wanted the release so badly her entire being ached for it, but Marcus refused her yet again. He lifted his head right before she could explode with the strange release she was craving, leaving her so unsatisfied it hurt. 
“No,” he told her, evidently entirely aware of how she had been feeling. “Never.” 
Wynter wanted to demand to know why. She felt like shouting and begging for him to at least let her have her ecstasy, but he had told her no and her body obeyed even if her mind resisted. 
He let her go and Wynter slumped against the desk, feeling woozy. It made sense, given the amount of blood he had to have just drained from her, and it wasn’t long before she felt herself losing all strength in her legs. 
She was fading fast, and so welcomed it, when Marcus lifted her into his arms and carried her from the office and back out into the hallway. She was a puddle in his arms, but it didn’t matter. He had her held tightly against him. So close she could smell his scent. Like lavender and lemon. No, like roses and wildflowers. All her favourite smells wrapped in one. 
Wynter watched as he ignored the few workers they passed on the way and she turned her head, not wanting them to see her so frail and in need of his help. She felt ashamed and embarrassed, and not just because of the sorry state she currently found herself in. 
She was actually pretty ashamed of everything that’d gone on since she’d arrived at the club that afternoon in general and couldn’t even begin to focus on processing it all. 
The job wasn’t worth this battle. She had to find a way to back out, and tried to tell him, but her voice came out as nothing more than garbled groans. 
Marcus ignored her pleas as he took her back up to the top floor in the elevator to his huge office. There, he carried her a short while more before setting her down on a soft sofa that’d been laid out with cushions aplenty and a fur throw. “Rest now, Wynter. Sleep,” he cooed, as if he cared. 
She didn’t have the energy to answer back though, and so just nodded and curled into a ball, snuggling into the warmth of the huge throw as the exhaustion of the day overwhelmed her and sleep carried her away. 

The sun was low when Wynter awoke and it took her a few moments before she remembered where she was, and why she was sleeping in the daytime. She took a good look around in an attempt to get her bearings and groaned when the events of the day all came rushing back. 
She sat up and looked around, realising how the entire fourth floor had to be extensions of Marcus’s office. Then remembered how he’d returned them there after his last bite. 
The living area had been sectioned off, and this part was set up like an apartment, with a kitchenette to one side and a bathroom beside it. She was in a kind of living area that connected them both, and then, on the opposite side of the room, sat Marcus at his desk. She could just about make him out because he was hidden behind a frosted glass wall that had offered her a little privacy while she’d slept, and Wynter was glad of that, if not much else. 
She also wondered if this might be where she’d be expected to stay during the weekends when Marcus needed her close by to feed from and got her confirmation when she sat up and found an elegantly handwritten note on the table beside the sofa. 

I trust you are well rested, Wynter. Please make yourself at home here. This is yours on a weekend, so help yourself to something to eat from the kitchen and use the facilities as desired, and then come to me. We still have much to do before six-pm arrives. 
MC

Wynter did as he’d instructed and started by devouring a pre-packed sandwich she’d found in the fridge and two bottles of water, before washing up and brushing her teeth with the new toothbrush she’d figured had been left especially for her use. When she emerged, she heard Marcus talking to someone in his office area and took a few tentative steps over to where the glass wall separated them. 
“I can still give you more, master. I’m perfectly well enough,” she could hear someone saying. 
“I know, Patrick. But that doesn’t mean a thing when I can taste the death creeping in around you. There isn’t long for you now, plus I have Wynter to serve my needs,” Marcus replied coolly, and she heard the other man, presumably Patrick, give out a groan. 
She decided against eavesdropping any further and so stepped through the open end of the glass wall and nodded in greeting to both Marcus and his guest. She realised right away what the problem was. The man was old. Probably in his mid-seventies, and yet it was evident he was one of Marcus’s specially chosen few he fed from. One of his managers, or so he’d called them.
Marcus watched her with apparent intrigue, and Wynter felt her cheeks flush red beneath his powerful gaze. She wanted desperately to go to him, but knew it was his spell making her desire him so, and instead went to the other man and put out her hand for him to shake. “Speak of the devil. Patrick, I’d like to meet my new Marketing Manager, Wynter Armstrong.”
“Good afternoon,” she said, feeling relieved when Patrick shook it. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“And you,” was all he replied before bidding them both farewell and heading for the lift to go back down, presumably to the third floor where their offices sat side-by-side. 
“He doesn’t seem too impressed that I’ve been recruited,” she asked when he’d gone and she was alone with Marcus. 
“He loves me, as do the other two,” he replied with an air of nonchalance Wynter found amusing. 
“Do you even care how much you affect them?” 
“Them?” he countered, though not denying she was right. “You too, Wynter. You can feel it, can’t you? The devotion you have towards me. The unyielding pull that gravitates you in my direction? The other employees feel this plus the raw and powerful euphoria a bite gives them with none of the strings attached because numerous vampires take them over and over, however you’re afforded a single master. One solitary pull and one goal—to satisfy my needs. You’ll come to love me too and, like I do with the other three, I’ll let you. I’ll even entertain your whimsy if the mood takes me.” 
“And how might you do that?” she asked, ignoring the nasty way he’d decided to describe the utter devotion three human beings had dedicated their lives to showing him. Instead, she decided to be selfish, focusing solely on the rewards she hoped to receive. “Money? Presents?” 
“You’ll see,” he answered, giving nothing away. “I will readily give those things, but I can offer so much more as well. Money means nothing to me, Wynter. I have lived thousands of years and accrued power and wealth beyond anything a single human on Earth possesses. The only thing of worth is what runs in your veins, and I am willing to give you whatever you desire in order to obtain it.” 
“I don’t doubt that,” she told him honestly, “but what if I want something other than material things? What if I want my freedom or the chance to be loved in return?” 
Marcus didn’t answer, much to her annoyance. Instead, Wynter sensed him call to her and felt her feet start to move in his direction against her will. She was by his side in a couple of seconds and found herself staring down into those mesmerising blue eyes again. “Well?” she tried, earning herself a sly smile from her cruel boss. 
“Sit,” he commanded, and she looked around for a chair. There wasn’t one. “Here,” Marcus reiterated, pointing to the spot on his desk that sat right in front of him. 
The desk was made from heavy old wood and was high. So high she had to jump up onto it and hitch her skirt a little, but Wynter did as he had commanded and was soon sitting directly before him atop the beast of a desk. 
Marcus grinned and licked his lips as he moved closer. “Open your legs,” he demanded, and Wynter quickly did as she’d been told. 
Despite what he’d told her more than once already, a spark of hope rattled through her and she hoped that maybe, just maybe, Marcus was about to give her what she so powerfully craved. She felt like begging, but the devious smile curling at his lips told her he expected that. She imagined he was far too used to dealing with humans and their pitiful desires to care that he’d led her on while delivering nothing yet. Not a touch. Nor a single taste of him in return. 
And now she was just one of the many who were under his spell. Well, the four in particular whom he favoured and yet never gave any part of himself to in return for their lifetime of servitude. Wynter thought it unfair. That deep voice inside of her reared itself and told her to run. To get away and invoke the power the probationary period gave her, if only she could find the strength to use it. 
Wynter was about to try and snap her legs closed and jump down again, when Marcus lunged for her, seemingly ravenous for her blood again even though he’d already taken so much. With a hiss, he drew in a deep breath, and ran his palms across the insides of her thighs. 
The moment his hands were on her, there was no need for him to pin her legs in place or still her. She obeyed his silent commands and leaned back, placing her hands flat on the desk behind while he lifted her skirt even higher. 
He then took a quick glance at the clock on the wall to her right and she followed his gaze. They had ten minutes. Six hundred seconds and he’d have to leave her be for a few hours or else break his own rules. Wynter couldn’t wait. She needed some space from Marcus already. Some time to heal and to rest. And of course, the chance to do the actual job he had brought her here for. 
Marcus grinned up at her. “There’s plenty of time,” he said, before leaning down and closing his mouth over the inside of her right thigh. She felt the now familiar sting of his tongue against her flesh and the blessed wooziness his bite had delivered each time. Her high was imminent, and Wynter welcomed it as he drank, her body arching up off the desk involuntarily while Marcus continued to devour her. He yanked her towards him, deepening his bite, and she cried out as a wave of pleasure accompanied the pain. 
The sudden ‘ding’ of the elevator then snapped her back to reality, and she turned to watch as a woman sauntered through the doors without a care. She had a stone-cold expression on her face but couldn’t hide her surprise at finding their master still feeding just moments before their working day was due to begin. The woman didn’t even seem to see Wynter. She was utterly fixated on Marcus and, like her, their intruder was panting and flushed with heat Wynter knew was resonating from within her, rather than from an outside source.
“Master,” she whimpered, “it’s almost time.” 
Marcus reacted quicker than Wynter could even comprehend. 
One moment, he was still drinking from her, taking languid sips rather than deep gulps now, as though he were savouring every drop. And the next, he was across the room and he had the woman pinned to the wall by her throat. She was up off the floor, her stiletto heels more than two feet beneath her where she’d been yanked from them in Marcus’s grasp. 
The woman was choking and sputtering, but she didn’t try and speak or fight him back. She simply let him do it, as though she knew she had done wrong and was more than willing to pay the price for her foolishness. 
“There’s plenty of time yet,” he growled, “especially if there are no more interruptions.” 
Marcus dropped her and the woman then took off for the lift, which was thankfully lying open in wait from when she’d arrived. And all without even retrieving her shoes.
Wynter began to tremble and suddenly felt cold. She looked down at her thigh and saw that blood was oozing from the wound Marcus had made there. He had yet to close it, so her blood was pooling on the desk beneath her, making her head spin. 
“M-m-m Marcus?” she sputtered, watching as a drop fell over the edge of the desk and onto the floor. The sight of the blood turned Wynter’s stomach, and she felt her arms begin to give way beneath her. No, don’t pass out, she told herself. Stay alert. Stay strong. 
It was no use. By the time Marcus was back and he was cleaning her up, as well as the puddle on the tabletop, Wynter was losing consciousness fast and felt herself fall back on the desk. She turned her head to look at the clock and watched as the hour came to an end. 
Three seconds to go… Marcus took his final draw and Wynter felt her body roar with heat.
Two seconds to go… With a dark laugh, he licked her clean and whispered about how she was such a lucky girl. 
One second to go… Wynter exploded in an immense and unbridled climax that emanated from deep within her core and took her breath away. It was like a million fireworks were going off inside of her. Every nerve ending was alive and exploding with pleasure. But the most immense pleasure was where it mattered most. And all without him even having touched her.
By the time she’d come back down, six o’clock had arrived and Wynter was a wreck. She was hot and then cold. Light and then heavy. Awake and then being dragged into forced sleep. No, she thought. I can’t sleep now! I need to start work. 
But it was no use. It took her by force and without a care. Nothing but blackness and ice. 


Five

Marcus watched Wynter sink into oblivion and then listened as her heartbeat slowed to a speed that was rather dangerous to her life, and yet he did nothing to rectify the situation. It intrigued him to see whether she’d survive her first day of work with him. Not even a day, in fact. Just a few hours in and she was already on the brink of death. What a fascinating little thing she’d turned out to be. He knew he should get to work, but he couldn’t tear himself away. All he wanted was to watch her. To see the soft rise and fall of her chest as she breathed precious air into her lungs. To listen as her heart fought hard to keep on beating. 
She was pale and beautiful. And his. The newest prized jewel in his crown. 
Like all the others he’d ensnared to work for him, Wynter had succumbed to the curse her signature and blood oath on that piece of hexed paper had brought upon her, but she was still fighting his complete control over her, and Marcus liked it. The game was on, and he was more than willing to play. Even if that meant her calling his bluff here and there. 
It had almost always disgusted him to so much as think of having sex with a human, but couldn’t deny that when she’d propositioned him, it’d taken every ounce of his strength to refuse her. And now, when she’d climaxed just after he’d drunk more of her life force down, it’d broken him entirely. If Wynter hadn’t passed out afterwards, he was sure he would’ve been inside of her a second later. Fucking her over his desk while the evening’s work started beneath them, like some uncouth young fool who couldn’t keep his dick in his pants. 
But, thanks to whatever forces had taken her into the abyss of unconsciousness, he’d been saved the hassle of sex and intimacy. She would be sure to fall even deeper in love with him if he ever let her near his naked body, and the thought of her having the sort of power over him a lover instinctually possessed made Marcus want to strike her. But instead, he shut himself off to her lure. Forced himself to feel nothing at all. No rage. No lust. No desire. Only necessity. 
His kind didn’t fornicate with humans, anyway. Not unless they were planning to turn them into one of their kind and mate with them. That was their law. One he himself had helped the vampire elders write hundreds of years before when it was decided by all that he, along with a chosen few, would govern the lives of their immortal peers. The rules they created had been put into place and forcefully adhered to, even centuries later. The system worked, and so Marcus backed away from the sleeping woman atop his desk, lest he find her once again calling to him. 
He instead plucked his phone from the cradle and dialled his assistant, whom he knew would have clocked in at six-pm sharp, and was undoubtedly already following up on his emails and admin. But tonight, he had another sort of task for him. 
“Bryn,” he barked when the young man answered. “Get one of the nurses and then come up here. And inform Joanna I will be visiting her office presently.” Marcus hung up before Bryn even had the chance to respond but knew his subordinate would do exactly as he had instructed and without delay. 
As he waited, he considered again how Joanna had dared come up and offend him so. His Finance Manager had pushed her luck by walking into his office unannounced and Marcus was still reeling from her foolish display of jealousy she had offered his new employee. He was going to see to it she knew to treat Wynter with nothing but the utmost kindness in the future and wasn’t against delivering her a punishment or two to prove just how much he meant it. He had endured Joanna for long enough. Her undying love and reckless abandon when it came to offering herself to him. She had quickly become his most obsessive of the three managers and he’d always put it down to her girlish whims. He’d often left her to her fantasies, but after today, he was raging. 
Marcus had gone so far as to entertain those notions of hers and encourage her to remain celibate because, as Joanna had always told him, if she couldn’t have him, then she’d have no one at all. It had been a fun game to toy with her emotions and the consistently horny high she had never let herself come down from. But not now that she’d gotten above her station. Joanna needed to be put back in her place, and Marcus was more than ready to make sure of it. 
Bryn, his scrawny but strangely strong assistant, arrived within mere moments of Marcus having ended the call, and as soon as he walked into the room, he took one look at Wynter’s unconscious body on his desk and nodded. The boy had worked for Marcus for over ten years, and ninety per-cent of the time, he knew exactly what his boss needed and when, without having to ask. This was one of those times. 
He lifted Wynter into his arms and took her back to the room behind where the glass partition would hide her from view. The nurse Bryn had enlisted followed him, and Marcus could hear them getting to work on making Wynter comfortable and hooking her up to an IV. She was going to be late in getting started on her real work, but really, he couldn’t be angry. 
Marcus knew he’d taken too much. That he should’ve shown more restraint, but she’d tasted too good. Even now, he could still taste her on his lips. Could still smell her blood from when it’d dripped down onto his desk. 
It was intoxicating. 
His eyes scanned the old wood, and he located the small smear of it she had left behind. With a grin, he then leaned down and licked it clean. He lapped at the remnants of her until it was all gone and then Marcus straightened, made sure his suit and tie were perfect, and strode to the lift. He then took it down one floor to where most of his minions worked. 
It was time to get the working day officially started. 

***

When she awoke, Wynter found herself back on the sofa, where she had napped a while before. This time, though, she woke with a pounding headache and a general sense of exhaustion that her short rest hadn’t even remotely cured. Her arm also stung, and she looked down at it, discovering that an IV had been put in and a bag of fluids was being administered via it. 
“Ah, you’re awake,” a new voice told her, and Wynter looked up to find a man standing guard over her by the open end of the frosted glass wall. “And alive.” 
Wynter took him in. He was tall and broad, and she could see in the dim light how he was older than her. Maybe in his early forties. He had dark hair with grey all down the sides over his ears and a warm enough smile that she didn’t feel too threatened at waking up to find him there.
“Just about. Although I think our boss was going for the alternative,” she croaked, and was pleased to see him chuckle at her lame joke. He might be another stuffy guy in a suit, but at least he appeared to have a sense of humour. 
“No way. He hasn’t lost an employee in more than twenty years, although it is unlike him to take three bites in such a short space of time. You clearly are his new favourite,” the guy teased before dropping his smile and turning serious. “Mr Cole has had to step out on some business, but he asked me to watch over you and make sure you’re okay. If I didn’t know him better, I’d think he was concerned,” he then added as he approached and took a seat on the chair beside her. 
The notion that Marcus could possibly care intrigued her, but Wynter already knew better than to get her hopes up. Right now, she’d settle for just getting her arse up off that sofa without keeling over. She managed to sit and figured it’d do for now. 
“I’m late for work, right?” she asked, looking out the window at the dark sky. 
“Yeah, it’s already after nine. You’ve been out of it a while,” the man replied, but he didn’t imply that she was in any trouble for it, which made her feel somewhat better. “I’m Jack. The HR Manager,” he then told her. “Here to do my bit and make sure the humans are well cared for.” 
“Wynter, the new Marketing Manager,” she replied with a small laugh. 
“Oh, I know,” Jack said with a sly smile, “you’re quite the talk of the town this evening, Wynter. Hired on a whim and then took up the boss’s entire afternoon since. Highly unusual. Plus, Joanna’s in deep shit for coming up here unannounced and interrupting his feed.” 
Wynter gulped and cringed. So that was the woman’s name.
“Will he punish her?” she asked, and then let out a groan when he nodded his head yes. “How?”
“Put it this way, our master happily drinks from us on our chosen days without much scheming or nonsense. He takes what he needs and only toys with us if he thinks we deserve it. But on the days we aren’t his to have, he takes what he wants in other ways. And he isn’t shy when it comes to making sure we remember who’s boss. How much has Mr Cole told you about his preferences with his chosen Blood Slaves?” 
“Mostly that, given the chance. He likes them desolate and full of despair,” she answered. 
“And terror. Fear is one of his most favourite tastes, and so he will instil it in Joanna in droves until he is satisfied she has learned her lesson.” 
“Poor woman,” she whispered to herself, but Jack shook his head and leaned closer. 
“She deserves it,” he demanded, his face holding no hint of emotion. “She came up knowing that today was not her feeding day. She knew you were here and wanted to intrude so she could come between the pair of you.” 
“Why?” 
“Because she loves him, of course,” Jack sniggered. “We are both blessed and cursed to be his chosen ones, Wynter. The four of us are some of the only humans who get to have just one master. We’re saved the humility of giving ourselves to one vampire after another and falling foolishly under their spells thanks to the power each one has to seduce humans into letting them feed. And all without so much as an afterthought about how they’re left feeling once the feeding is over.”
“I can’t tell if we’re lucky or not…” 
“It doesn’t matter. This life is what it is, and it’s all you have to live for now. Patrick has worked for Mr Cole for more than fifty years. Joanna and I have been here for around twenty. We both fell in love with him before the end of our first week. You’ll be the same.” 
“I hate how he can control us so much. How susceptible we are to his power,” Wynter replied quietly, being careful in case they were being listened in on. “But at the same time, I crave his touch. I want him to bite me. I even propositioned him for sex.” 
Jack burst out laughing and then quickly put his hand up in apology, shaking his head as though she’d amused him beyond belief. 
“I’m sorry, it’s just that we each did it, too. You’re not alone. That’s the perfectly logical response to how he makes you feel, but just try to remember that it’s not going to happen. He will never accept you for anything more than the blood you can give him. Your new friends here at the club can help satisfy those other needs and don’t worry, he won’t get jealous. I know he’d approve of his managers sticking together as well…” Jack informed her, and the look on his face told her he was more than interested in taking over whenever Marcus had gotten her all fired up and left her hanging. 
Oh. So, Jack would be there after every bite to give her what he thought she needed. Sure. Such a selfless hero. She wanted to roll her eyes at his obvious come on. 
But Jack was wrong. Marcus had given her something. He’d let her orgasm. Something he’d told her was never going to happen in his presence, and yet, it had. He’d told her to go elsewhere but then had still let that happen, and she couldn’t fathom why. 
“That’s what Marcus said too,” she eventually replied, feeling confused. “He told me I’m free to do what I want with whoever I want just as long as he gets his feeds on a weekend. But right now, the last thing I can think about is sex.” 
Jack’s face turned cold and at first Wynter thought it was because she’d turned him down. She was about to give him hell for coming on so strongly at all, when he stood and walked back over to the glass wall as if to leave. 
He stopped himself right before going through the opening and turned back to Wynter. 
“He lets you call him by his first name?” he demanded, and it dawned on her how he’d referred to Marcus as ‘Mr Cole’ every time he’d spoken about him. And of course, how that woman from earlier, Joanna, had called him ‘Master’. 
“He introduced himself as such, so I called him by it,” she answered defiantly. “I didn’t feel the need to ask for his permission.” 
Jack seemed angry, but he quickly forced his rage aside and offered Wynter a look of concern instead. 
“Please just be careful,” he implored her, “it’s all well and good being strong and defiant, but if you’re not cautious, he’ll get bored of it and suddenly all the fun and games go out the window. Hold your tongue, Wynter. Don’t forget who you’re dealing with.” 
“A vampire, I know,” she bit back, and Jack shook his head. 
“A creature older than the history books themselves. A being who roamed this Earth before man even came up with the concept of God or Satan. Death personified and with an evil streak that has resulted in stories which puts the old tales of heaven and hell to shame.” 
And with that bombshell, Jack apparently felt he had done his bit in taking care of Wynter. 
He walked away, and she heard him take the lift downstairs, presumably to his office, leaving deafening silence in his wake. 


Six

When she felt up to it, Wynter carefully removed the line connecting the IV to her arm and placed some gauze and a plaster she’d found beside it over the tiny wound. She did feel better, thanks to the fluids, but still grabbed another bite to eat from the small kitchen area and helped herself to a tall glass of water before then taking the elevator down to the third floor.
There, she headed straight for her office, where she found a man sliding her name into what had been the empty space beneath her job title on the door. Marcus was overseeing the operation, and he grinned at her as she approached, eyeing her every move. 
He didn’t have to say a single word, just the headiness of being close to him almost knocked her off her feet. Wynter managed to keep it together in front of the workman, whom she thanked before ducking into her office, where she made sure her handbag and things from earlier were still safely located. 
Marcus had an entirely different air about him when he joined her and closed and locked the door behind him. While Wynter still felt there was much they needed to discuss what he was and what he wanted from her, she realised quickly how there was a complete difference in their work time to their extra-curricular hours. There was a palpable change in the air, and she visibly saw as Marcus changed his tune when he spoke to her. 
“It’s unfortunate that you lost so much blood you were unable to start work on time, but at least I had longer to get everything ready for you,” he offered, and Wynter rolled her eyes. He really wouldn’t apologise, would he? 
“You mean because you drank so much that I passed out? No need to apologise,” she countered with a sly smile curling at her lips. 
He didn’t so much as rise to the bait, and simply took the seat beside her at the new desk and leaned over and fired up what looked like a brand new top of the range PC on her desktop. He made contact with her shoulder and she felt herself flinch thanks to his touch but wasn’t entirely sure if it was with attraction or dislike. Her emotions were always in turmoil when it came to him, always conflicted, and she found it annoying how she could never truly decide how she felt about all of this. One thing was for sure, though, she couldn’t feed him. Not so soon after what’d happened the last time.
“This is work time, Wynter. I won’t ever ask you to take care of my personal needs during these hours. Trust me,” he said, peering down at her with a softness to his stare that made her believe him. Wynter nodded and told herself to remember that promise at all times and make him stick to it. She was there to work, not to swoon over the boss or feel herself growing reckless thanks to his proximity and her new inherent need to feed him. 
He seemed to sense her acceptance and smiled as he passed her the mouse. “I’d like to work closely with you tonight. If that’s all right with you? Show you the ropes,” Marcus then asked. 
“It’s perfectly fine,” she answered, nodding a little too enthusiastically. “I’ve got a lot still to learn.” 
“That you do.” 

The two of them then spent a short while in front of the computer while Marcus showed her the real business he did inside his nightclub. It was a strict front for his bloodletting service. A complete cover business that not only employed hundreds of people, but, in turn, hundreds of his prized walking blood bags. 
It was the perfect system, and Wynter knew that like all the others in Marcus’s employ, she was just another source of food to him. One he had decided to favour above the others for some reason, but she was still expendable should he grow tired of her. Maybe Jack had been right to warn her. 
After showing Wynter the real schedule for the upcoming week of member’s only nights, Marcus stood and walked over to the window that looked down on the bustling club below. She caught him watching the crowd and couldn’t help but want to ask him some more questions. It was her first day, after all, so she hoped he might afford her some extra time to settle in. 
“Do you ever go down there?” she asked from her seat. 
“Not at weekends, no,” Marcus answered, still staring down at the crowd. “I can’t stand the noise, or the smell. Filthy, sweaty humans all crammed into one space and writhing around against one another. Not my idea of fun.” 
“I always quite enjoyed it,” she answered in a playful tone, and was glad to see Marcus picked up on it. 
“I noticed,” he said with a small laugh. And then, still without looking at her, summoned her to his side. Wynter felt him calling for her and stood without a second thought. When she reached him, she took his hand and let Marcus lead her in front of him so that she too was looking out of the window down onto the crowd with him pressed tightly against her from behind. “I’ve watched you more than once, Wynter. I’ve seen the men you took home with you. The short skirts and the carefree attitude. You were always just one step away from garnering my full attention, but then last night, you were truly broken. It was mesmerising.” 
He then brushed her dark hair away from her neck and leaned his head down to place a soft kiss against her neck. “But now that you’re with me, you’ll stay up here where it’s clean and the men down there can’t get their stink all over you. You will be cared for, here, Wynter. Where I can watch over you.” 
Wynter gave out a small sigh and tried desperately not to swoon over him but couldn’t deny how Marcus sure had a way with words, and she knew she was falling further under his spell. 
He didn’t bite her this time, though, and she was glad he’d kept his promise. He’d already taken too much as it was. Even in her haze, Wynter knew it would be dangerous to lose more blood yet. 
“I thought you didn’t mix business and pleasure, Mr Cole?” she whimpered, her eyes on the glass but not watching the partygoers. She was watching him in the reflection. Lost in those bright blue eyes. 
“I like to spend my time doing whatever I feel is entertaining,” he answered matter-of-factly. “And usually, work is what entertains me the most. But not always.” He pressed another kiss to her neck and Wynter felt a shudder go down her spine. She was scared that he was going to take more blood. To finish her off, but at the same time, everything inside of her was urging her to let him. It was the strangest sensation to be welcoming death with open arms, only as long as it was he who delivered it. “And please, call me Marcus,” he added. 
“Jack told me off for it,” she informed him, but he just grinned against her skin and Wynter could tell he already knew. Perhaps he’d been spying on them? Or maybe his curse gave him insights into his underlings’ doings, no matter whether they were near or far? “I got the feeling he was jealous.” 
“Yes, of course,” Marcus agreed. He then lifted his head and stared back at Wynter in the reflection, his face serious. “The three other managers can be your best comrades here and worthy allies but be careful. Each is only looking to serve whichever purpose will ultimately get them closer to me. Their jealousy will drive them, not their integrity. Joanna was envious of you and tried to come between us. Patrick was resentful of you, so tried telling me it was too soon to have hired you. Jack is offended because he feels he and I have the strongest connection. As though we’re friends, while I have always been nothing but business about our relationship. Don’t trust them to have your best interests at heart. Only trust me. I will guide you.” 
Wynter turned to look up into Marcus’s face and she frowned, thinking how odd it was that she trusted him at all after he’d lured her into the job under false pretences and then almost killed her, but she did. 
It was the curse. It had to be. There was no one else she trusted like this. No one else she cared for so strongly. Marcus was all that mattered…
“How old are you?” she asked him. “How did you become what you are?” 
“Later,” he said before stalking away, clearly not interested in divulging any more. 
The moment the contact was broken, Wynter saw clearer. His power over her was strongest when they were touching. So strong it overrode every other thought and feeling she had. Marcus could say and do anything and she would let him, but when he was gone, her true thoughts were able to creep back in. Away from him, she knew better than to believe him or to blindly trust he was telling her the truth. 
“No. I want to know now. I deserve to hear more,” she demanded, shocking herself with the outburst, and instantly enraging Marcus. He was across the room in a flash, like she had seen with Joanna, and he had her by the throat in the same way a second later. 
Marcus sneered down at her and shook his head. 
“Keep fighting, little girl. We’ll see who wins,” he growled. “You want to know how old I am? Put it this way, you’ve been on this earth twenty-five years, and I have been on it three thousand years longer than you. I was born when the world was nothing and the people were soulless barbarians. Only the powerful survived, so I became a leader. A ruler. A man with more wealth than I could ever need while those around me begged for the scraps from my table.” 
Marcus then let go of her neck and forced her against the desk behind, his entire body pressed against hers. Wynter felt faint, but not thanks to any loss of blood or lack of oxygen. Marcus was overwhelming every one of her senses. Invading them one by one. “And when I was old enough to realise my days were numbered, I went to a shaman for help. He told me of the monsters that lurked in the shadows, feeding on the blood of the living to make them immortal. And so, I demanded he make me one of them. That he find a way to give me their immortality.” 
“And he did?” Wynter whimpered, her eyes wide with shock and awe. 
“He did,” Marcus confirmed. “I offered him and his kin my protection and untold riches in return for his gift. Those from his bloodline remain by my side to this day, and theirs is the power that hexed you this afternoon. They bound your life to mine and made you my perfect little slave.” 
His wicked grin irked her, but Wynter was instinctually calm. His spell was overriding every other response, thanks to his body still being pressed against hers, and so she found a stray independent thought and grasped at it. 
“If I was a slave, you wouldn’t have had to force me to give you anything,” she countered, her smile matching his. “When, in fact, you’re the one who just gave me what I wanted, Marcus.” Wynter then arched her back, pressing herself against him tighter, and she could feel his hard body beneath his three-piece suit. “And yes, I will keep fighting. Even if I don’t win, it’ll be worth it just to know I’m getting under your skin a little.” 


Seven

Damn, she was right. Wynter had just gotten her own way despite him having told her no, and while Marcus was impressed, he was also livid. It took everything he had not to strike her or force her on her knees and to submit to him. 
“One-nil to Wynter then,” he simply said, leading her to believe the matter was over with when it wasn’t even remotely. He would win. He always won. Marcus would not allow her to have any kind of victory over him and decided he would see her fall from that pedestal she had placed herself upon by the time she left his club and went home after the following night’s shift. 
As if on cue to break their tense silence, his mobile phone buzzed in his pocket and he stepped away, leaving her there, looking shocked and more disheartened than victorious. The look on her face left him wondering, had she meant what she’d said? Or was she just toying with him? If so, Wynter was soon going to learn that no one played games with him. Quite the opposite. 
He pressed his phone to his ear and heard Bryn’s voice come across the line. 
“Sir, your input has been respectfully requested in the design department. The heads have called a meeting to finalise the upcoming Christmas themed special events,” he said. 
“I’ll be there in two minutes,” he barked before ending the call and turning back to Wynter, who had sorted herself out and was now fiddling with the items on her desk awkwardly to busy herself. 
He made to leave but decided he would instead take the opportunity to introduce her to some of the other employees. “Come, Wynter,” he commanded as he opened her door and strode through it. 
She followed without hesitation, and he smiled to himself as he watched her lock the door behind them. She’d remembered his order without needing to be reminded. Clever girl. 
They then walked down past the elevator doors and through to the reception desk that led into the rest of the huge building Marcus called both work and home. He barely left the premises other than to go to his other clubs around the world and adored the domain he had built for himself in the city he now called his. He revered this building too. It had been nothing but an empty shell of an old warehouse when he’d taken possession of it, and he had built the offices up around the centre that’d been purposely constructed to create a hollow space in the middle. It doubled as a completely private dance floor on a weekend and veritable cattle market during the week. 
The heads of his workers all turned up in greeting as he passed them. Marcus knew every one of them had sensed his arrival and it wasn’t long before he started to feel aware of the all-consuming desire they each had to serve him. To worship at his feet like the God he was. He ignored them all. They were nothing but fodder. A product he sold to the highest bidder without a care.
He stopped only when he and Wynter had reached the offices where the design team were situated, and he paused to open the door and allow her through it—like a true gentleman. 
She thanked him and went in ahead, where they found ten humans eagerly awaiting Marcus’s arrival. 
She didn’t need to introduce herself or tell any of them why she’d come along to the meeting. Even without Marcus by her side, the news of their new manager had spread among the teams and she was the only new face there. By process of elimination alone, they would know it was her who had completed his elite team. 
“Good evening, Mr Cole, Miss Armstrong,” his Head of Design greeted the pair of them. 
“Good evening, Marcella,” he answered, and Wynter imitated him. “As you’re aware, Wynter here is still settling in, but I thought it pertinent that she meet your team and see what it is you’re working on.” 
“I agree, sir,” Marcella replied, ushering them both forward. “Please, come and take a seat and we will begin showing you the final concept for the winter designs.” 
He did as she had asked and shook his head when Marcella offered him his usual tea—a concoction of his managers’ blood and hot water tinged with spices. 
“I’ve already been well fed, thank you,” he told her, and then revelled in the team’s reaction as they all turned to look at Wynter. She turned her gaze away and immediately tried to hide the small scratch marks on her neck and wrist, only serving to draw attention to them. The flush on her cheeks was positively delightful and the scent of her shame only added that bitter edge to her scent he so adored. 
He wanted her again already. How was that possible? He never took so much. 
The members of the design team each continued to watch Wynter as they took a seat with them. The group was silent, but she accepted a coffee with a shy smile, and then she seemed to steel herself and sat higher in her seat. She’d clearly told herself to be more self-assured. 
Marcus had to wonder if she had just given herself a mini pep-talk and got his answer when Wynter got stuck in with Marcella and the team, watching as they played some slides outlining the colour scheme and décor that were going to be used once the autumn campaign was over with. She jotted down a few notes and took charge, while Marcus remained silent until the end, when he simply offered his approval and then stood. He was acutely aware of the time and how much of the night he had wasted flirting with and focusing solely on Wynter. They had all the next day to talk about those parts of the job still playing on her mind, so he knew it was time he said goodbye. He needed to head back upstairs and finish the evening with Bryn before she came to him again. “Very well,” he said, nodding to Marcella. 
Next, he turned to Wynter and indicated for her to join him, which, of course, she did. They then left the meeting room and when they were alone, Marcus turned to her and lifted a hand to halt her in her tracks. “Stay here. I have work to tend to in my office. I’ll send David down to collect you and show you to the IT department. You’ll undoubtedly be spending a great deal of time with the engineers there, so it is important you meet them sooner rather than later.” 
“Okay,” she whispered, looking sad at having to part from him, and Marcus was glad to see it. 
“Come to me at two-am. Not a minute later,” he added, and could sense her anticipation at being there to satisfy him again. It was invigorating, and he wanted to stay longer and enjoy her some more, but he forced his own reactions aside before turning and stalking away. 

***

As Wynter watched Marcus leave, it felt oddly bittersweet. Nice to have some time away from that power he had to drive her insane, though. She didn’t seem to know what she wanted first but was filled with the desire to please and serve him when in his company, so much so that she was having trouble focusing on her actual work. His leaving was also awful though, because try as she may to fight it, she was so incredibly drawn to him. 
The other members of the design team then began to file back out of the room she had just left, and she turned back to them all with a polite smile every one of them returned. The red-haired woman in charge of the team, Marcella, was last out and Wynter fell in line beside her, thinking how they’d seemed to get on well before and that she was looking forward to seeing more of her and the others as they began to work on new marketing strategies in the future. 
“So, how are you finding things?” Marcella asked when they were alone in her office and she’d grabbed them both a bottle of cool water from a small fridge beside her desk. 
“Good,” Wynter answered honestly after she accepted the drink and thanked her. “Strange though, and freaky at times, but still good. I love my office and the job is turning out to be perfect.” 
“It’s just the blood feeding thing that’s still taking a bit of getting used to?” Marcella then enquired with a knowing smile. 
“Yep!” she replied, laughing at how easily the subject of being drained had slipped into conversation, and how she had hit the nail right on the head. It felt good being so open and honest with someone, like there might be a friend here for her after all. 
“Trust me, you’ll be over all of that before too long. It’s not human nature to simply accept the supernatural, but before you know it things will feel easier. It’ll come without a fight. We all go through this in that first week, but no one ever leaves.” 
“I hope you’re right,” Wynter answered honestly, “because as it stands right now, I don’t even know which way is up, let alone what I want.” 
“At least you just have one master to satisfy. Me and the others can have up to ten a day. They use their powers to control our emotions and feed from us while working up that frenzy inside, leaving each of us so empty and alone in the aftermath it’s often painful,” Marcella blurted out, and while she was shocked, Wynter also found she wanted to hear it. She needed to know the truth, no matter how rough. “I hated them at first, but now I crave the seduction of the bite. I look forward to my overtime days because it’s empowering, knowing I have something they need to survive. That without me, they’d go hungry. I have also learned to go and take care of the desires within me with the other Blood Slaves after it’s over.” 
It was refreshing to hear about it so candidly from another human, and Wynter was glad she’d hung back to chat with Marcella more. She liked how direct she was. 
“The bite works you up into such a sexual peak, doesn’t it?” Wynter replied, feeling glad it really seemed to be the same for everyone. “I was utterly desperate for him to take me. It was embarrassing! Do you get together with others doing overtime and use the private rooms on the first floor afterwards?”
“Yep. Anywhere we can get a little privacy, really. Before I came to work here, I was reserved when it came to casual sex, but now, it’s just another part of my working week. In many ways, it’s horrible to have that reaction to their bite, but in others, it’s freeing to let yourself explore your sexuality with others who need it just as much as you do. I can’t imagine what it must be like for those who are in relationships and have to wait until they get home. Or those who are celibate, like Joanna,” Marcella told her. 
“She’s celibate?” Wynter asked incredulously. 
“Yep. So, in love with Mr Cole that she refuses to take anyone else to her bed. I’ve only been here a few years, but apparently she’s grown worse as time’s gone on. I think it’s because she’s getting older and he still won’t have her. People have seen her coming out of his office in tears after repeatedly throwing herself at him during his feeds. Poor thing.” 
Wynter actually felt sorry for Joanna. She knew that feeling all too well and had only had to endure it a day, let alone for twenty years. Marcus was a tease, though. He knew exactly what he was doing and had told her himself that he loved breaking their hearts. He had been teasing Wynter in the office just before they came to the design brief, and something told her he would continue doing so when she went to him in a couple of hours to begin her second day of overtime. 
“I’ve got a horrible feeling I’m going to end up going the same way. I can already sense him creeping in under my skin. Wooing me with no intention of seeing it through.” 
“My advice? Don’t fight it. It’s easier if you just give in,” Marcella replied despondently and while Wynter could understand it, she still didn’t want to succumb so easily. She wanted to keep fighting. To figure out a way to refuse him. To keep some of her own thoughts and feelings safe and to not always give in. 
A sharp knock on the door ended the conversation, and Wynter was glad she hadn’t had to answer Marcella’s final comment. Her brain was in turmoil, and she wasn’t sure she could trust her enough yet to tell her all the gory details about her feelings for Marcus, or the strange back and forth they’d had so far. She’d keep her thoughts to herself, at least until she knew who she could and couldn’t trust among her new work colleagues. 
After a second, one of the men who’d attended the design meeting popped his head around the door and directed his attention to Wynter. 
“Sorry to interrupt, Miss Armstrong. David Tyler is here to escort you at Mr Cole’s request,” he said, and seemed pleased when Wynter nodded in understanding. 
“Yes, thank you. Please let him know I’ll be out in a second,” she replied, and then turned to Marcella to wish her goodbye. “Thank you for making me feel so welcome. I’m sure I’ll be able to come by and see you again soon.” 
“I don’t doubt it. And me too, Wynter. It was a pleasure meeting you,” she said with a smile that seemed genuine enough. She had a youthful face and was pretty too, but not just on the outside. She had the sort of eyes that lit up when she smiled, revealing warmth beneath the surface. Wynter felt safe in her company and hoped she was right to. 
She left and found David waiting out in the small group office for her. He seemed strangely on edge and awkward when he greeted her, and led the way without a word, which wasn’t like him. He’d chatted loads during her tour and wasn’t the shy or retiring type. 
“What’s eating you?” she demanded when they were alone and waiting for the lift, and David waited until they were safely inside before answering. 
“I wasn’t sure if you’d be angry with me for having been the one who lured you here. I hope you know I had to do it. Mr Cole isn’t someone I could refuse. When he told me to go get you, there was no alternative. And when you refused his advances, he commanded I get you back here by whatever means necessary,” he said, his face pale and his light hazel eyes unable to meet hers. 
In the cold light of day, she could understand why David was so worried. If he hadn’t told her the things he had or made her believe this job was worth it, then she would’ve been saved the fate that’d now befallen her and taken over her life. Wynter would’ve been free. Still skint and panicking about the state of her life, but free nonetheless. 
David hit the button marked ‘B’ and the lift began to descend. 
She watched him in silence, still fighting her inner unrest. But it was true. He was to blame. It didn’t matter that he was cute and sweet and trustworthy. He had delivered her to the monster who’d sealed her fate, and now that she thought about it, she was angry.
Wynter stepped forward and struck him across the face as hard as she could manage. David was clearly shocked by her lashing out like she had, but he took it without even looking like he wanted to hit her back. And as if he was actually glad she’d decided to punish him. “I’m sorry. I never wanted to be the one, but he knew.” 
“Knew what?” she cried. 
“Knew I liked you. He saw me looking at you on the camera and chose me to be the one to approach you at the bar. After you’d point blank refused to go upstairs and meet him, he told me to flirt with you and make you feel good. Make you want to come back. And it did, didn’t it?” David replied with a frown. 
Wynter stared into his sad eyes and nodded. 
“Yeah. You worked me over all right, and… you like me?” she asked, her anger turning into something else entirely. Something carnal and raw. A need that Marcella had reminded her was completely her choice in whether to tend to, and that it had nothing to do with their vampire boss who she chose to enlist into helping her. Marcus had preyed on her weaknesses and sent his errand boy to do his dirty work. The coward. He’d dragged her into this world of his and almost killed her once already, and so Wynter decided she would do whatever she wanted when it came to blowing off some steam. Marcus didn’t want her, so she would find someone who did. Someone who just so happened to be standing two feet away.
She stepped closer and pinned David to the mirrored wall of the lift. They only had seconds, surely, but she didn’t care. Wynter planted a kiss against his lips and delighted in the groan David gave her as he returned it. Their lips were still locked when the elevator doors opened again and Wynter forced herself away and out of them in case someone was there waiting and would catch them. They were blissfully alone, and so David kissed her again, deeper this time. 
“I want you so much,” he whispered against her lips, “I want to give you everything you need.” 
“Do you have a place?” Wynter asked, and David simply nodded before leading her a few doors away to a small bathroom. He locked the door behind them and watched her with hungry eyes. “Protection?” she asked, and he shook his head no. 
“There’s no time. Just let me take care of you, Wynter. We’ll be together another day,” he answered, watching as she jumped up onto the counter beside the sink and opened her legs without a care. This wasn’t her first time getting off in a bathroom. It wasn’t romantic or seductive, but she was sure he would do the job nicely and if he wanted to make it quick, then that was fine, too. 
David’s lips were back on hers a second later and his hand was between her legs almost immediately afterwards. He then pushed her knickers aside and played with her clit a little before sliding two fingers deep inside. “So ready for it,” he groaned and then ducked his head down to suck on the bud still swollen and, like he’d said, so ready. 
David’s fingers worked fast while his mouth delivered glorious pressure where she needed it most. Wynter was quickly writhing against him and pressing the back of his head towards her core. He let her command him and sucked harder, his hand still pumping in and out faster than she could ever manage when home alone with her dirty thoughts and desires. Wynter came in a hurry and was glad when he didn’t stop. There was more to be had, and she was ready for it. The second orgasm was even deeper, and it had her crying out for him with unashamed passion and appreciation for how he had chosen to make things up to her. 
“We can definitely do that again sometime,” she murmured as he backed away and wiped his mouth clean with a delighted expression on his handsome face. Wynter then hopped off the counter and straightened her clothes before checking out her reflection in the mirror. She was rosy cheeked and wearing a look of utter satisfaction she couldn’t hide, but she didn’t care. It felt too amazing to have let off some of that much needed steam. 
“We’ll definitely be doing that again, Wynter. And more,” David replied with a dashing smile, and she nodded. Nope, she was sure not going to argue with that.


Eight

Wynter only had an hour until she had to be back upstairs, so once she and David had made themselves presentable again, he checked the coast was clear and then led her all the way down the corridor to where a door would let them inside the offices of the IT team. They had almost the entire basement level for themselves, and it quickly became apparent why when the pair of them were buzzed through the security door and found no less than thirty men and women working furiously at the first line of desks, while others were running around maintaining the vast number of servers and other equipment that made up the huge mainframe for Marcus’s business. 
She peered down the enormous floor and could see rows and rows of the electronic towers, and it wasn’t hard to notice the cool and carefully sustained temperature in the room. It was the perfect hub, and beyond anything she had ever seen before. Wynter realised incredibly quickly how there had to be an immense amount of data stored here. What she was looking forward to finding out was why. 
The open-plan room itself was bustling and chaotic. There were people everywhere, and they were all rushed off their feet. David came to a stop next to a glass partition where one lone worker had some privacy. He had to be the head of the team, and Wynter looked through into his makeshift office to find the guy pacing up and down while bellowing into the speaker on his desk. Whoever was on the other end didn’t have a chance if his body language was anything to go by, and she found herself watching him for a few seconds before she tore her prying eyes away and focussed instead on the others close to them. 
A few of the IT personnel were standing a few feet away around a piece of equipment they’d stripped down and were evidently trying to fix. By the sounds of it, each engineer had a different idea of how to do it and was willing to argue their case profusely. It made for interesting listening, and Wynter found herself intrigued. 
She went over to look and found they all fell silent. 
“Yes, I’m the new girl,” she joked, offering each of them a smile and an awkward wave. “What are we arguing about?” 
“Well, I told Palmer over there not to open the tower because we might be able to claim it as still under warranty, but he went ahead and did so anyway,” the woman beside her answered after a tense pause. Wynter nodded and looked at the man she had said was called Palmer. 
“But it’s lapsed, so I went ahead and opened the tower up. The motherboard is fried and was defective. We know that much. Phoebe just doesn’t want to admit that I was right to look deeper,” Palmer retorted. 
“And what does Mr Chalmers say?” Wynter asked, recalling the Head of IT’s name from when she’d looked at the list of employees on Marcus’s vast list. 
“He says to bin the bloody thing and buy a new one. It’s in the budget,” came a deep and booming voice from behind them. They all turned to its owner and Wynter found the man she had seen pacing the small office standing with his arms folded and his shoulder leaning against the far wall. 
He looked mean. Like someone she wouldn’t want to cross in a hurry. He was wearing a suit, but didn’t seem too impressed about it, given that his shirtsleeves were rolled up to reveal his heavily tattooed arms, and his tie had been discarded. It didn’t look right on him. He seemed like he’d be more at home in a checked shirt and a pair of jeans. The dark beard that covered his jaw was thick, as were his eyebrows and lashes, the impact of them hiding his face behind their dominating features. 
“Sounds like a good plan to me. I second Mr Chalmers’s decision,” she answered with a smile. “I’m Wynter Armstrong,” she then said, after bidding the others goodbye and walking over to join him. 
“I know,” he answered coolly before turning on his heel and going back into his office. She followed, as did David, but he was quickly shooed away. “She doesn’t need any guarding here, Davey. I’ll see to it she gets back to the boss on time.” 
David left, but begrudgingly, Wynter could tell. She offered him a gentle, appreciative look and was glad when he returned it, before he sent a scowl in her host’s direction and shut the door behind him. 
Chalmers watched him go and then peered across at Wynter. After a beat, his expression softened a little, but he still seemed aloof. “So, how can I help? And please, call me Warren.” 
“Well, firstly, I wanted to come down and say hello. I gather we’ll be working together a fair amount and I figured it’d be nice to see where all the geeks hang out,” she answered with a soft smile she hoped might thaw him. 
Warren simply shrugged and fixed his dark eyes on hers, but Wynter didn’t look away. He was large and heavy set, plus his demeanour was incredibly standoffish, but she wasn’t about to back down. It felt like he was trying to intimidate her. Establish dominance. 
Marcus had told her to keep on fighting, though, and she sure was going to. She was his superior, after all. “And, I have a request.” 
Warren sat back in his chair, rolled his shoulders, the material of his shirt stretching over his impressive array of muscles. Wynter got the feeling he was trying to show off his body in another bid to distract her, so she kept her eyes on his, rather than ogle at his muscular physique, like she guessed all the other women around the place often did. It wasn’t that there was anything wrong with him, of course. There was plenty to look at, but she knew she needed to keep things purely focussed on the job if she had any hope of fitting in with Warren and his team. Plus, it helped that Wynter had just been satisfied moments before meeting him. Good old David and his magic touch.
“Fire away,” he eventually answered when he saw he wasn’t getting any reaction from her. She finally looked away and eyed up his filing cabinets before then focussing back on him.
“Well, everywhere I’ve been today, people seem to know who I am and the job I’ve just been given to do here. That’s great and all, but I need to know where I stand, and I’m guessing there are some here who will know more about my private life than others,” she said as she took a seat opposite him at the desk. “I’d be flattered, if it weren’t for the fact I know you have a dossier on me somewhere down here. I’d like it destroyed please,” Wynter added, making it clear that this was not just a request, but also an agreement between the pair of them. A way of creating a foundation of trust. If Warren kept her private life away from prying eyes, then she would always know she could trust him, and she would be sure and make the same show of faith in return. 
She needed as many allies as she could get and was willing to do whatever it took to get them. That way, should anything go wrong, anyone who tried to take her down would face an army of loyal comrades—or whatever analogy better fit the predicament she’d now found herself in. Wynter was going to watch her back, and certainly wouldn’t let people like Joanna ever get her into trouble should her jealousy get the better of her judgement. 
“Sure,” Warren agreed, breaking her reverie. “I did the work myself. Top priority, as per Mr Cole’s request. I’ll admit it was an interesting read, Wynter.” 
“Hmm, I bet,” she answered, but figured she didn’t really have anything to hide, so still wasn’t too upset about the whole thing. It was good to know that only one person had worked on it, though. And that she was looking right at him. 
Warren seemed to relax then, as if he had sussed her out and was satisfied. She was about to say something more when a wide smile crept over his face and he leaned forward. He finally dropped the grumpy guy routine, and Wynter appreciated the new view far better than the man she’d seen so far. He finally appeared real, and she not only relaxed a little herself, but she let her walls drop a bit too. “So?” 
“I’ll delete the lot, but only if you tell me honestly, did you really date the Prime Minister?” he asked, shaking his head when she nodded hers. She had indeed. “No way! Before or after he was elected?” 
“Not long before,” she answered. “We started it up when I was at university. He was in his final year when I’d started my first. He spotted me at a fresher’s party and offered to show me the ropes…” 
“Yeah, euphemism much,” Warren joked, and Wynter nodded. “What’s he into?” 
“Vanilla mostly. We did have a threesome with some Earl’s son, though.” 
“Nice!” Warren replied with a snort that showed his geeky side. He seemed genuinely impressed by her story, and Wynter was glad they had developed such a quick rapport. She had the feeling she was going to enjoy working alongside the burly nerd. 
He then turned serious and dropped his voice, watching her with his dark brows knitted together. Warren looked like he might be about to say something, but then stopped himself, as though he were trying to find a way to be both honest and tactful. And then he finally spoke, his voice softer and quieter than she’d expected. “You understand what you’re getting yourself into by working here, right?” he eventually asked. 
“I think so,” Wynter replied with a shrug. “Marcus has been gentle, so far, but I’m really just looking forward to doing my actual job. I’ve never been recognised for my real talent before. Never been allowed in the big boys’ club. But now, I’m hoping all of that is going to change.”
“Oh, it is,” he answered with a grim expression. “You’re going to get everything you’ve ever dreamed of, Wynter, but only if you’re willing to pay the price to get it.” 
“I am. I can do it,” she replied, showing him no fear, because actually, she no longer felt any. 
“Good,” he said, his smile creeping back in. “And when that bloodsucker is finished with you, you come and see me and my guys. We’ll look after you.” 
Wynter was about to groan and tell yet another sleaze to back the hell off when Warren picked up on how his comment had sounded and quickly corrected himself, much to her appeasement. “And by that, I mean we’ll feed you and give you somewhere safe to rest. We’ll make sure no one comes creeping while you’re coming down from the bite. You’re a manager. One of the boss’s favourites and so a prime target now, Wynter. The perfect notch on any of the losers’ belts that work in this godforsaken club, but we don’t work that way down here. We take care of our own by keeping the wolves locked away outside.”
“And I’m one of your own?” she whispered, suddenly feeling a little overwhelmed at the thought of having such a great team to work with. 
“Damn right,” he replied, and then checked his watch. “And it’s clocking off time for you soon so that can mean only one thing—Mr Cole is going to need you back upstairs.”


Nine

Marcus watched Wynter on one of the numerous video cameras he’d had installed around the building. There wasn’t a single place where someone could hide from him, not even in the bathrooms. After all, that was where all the good stuff happened, wasn’t it? It certainly had a couple of hours earlier when Wynter had taken David up on his most generous offer of making things up to her. 
It had been a pleasure to watch. A sight to behold, Wynter had sat atop that counter with her legs wide and her body on show. What wasn’t to like? And, of course, it wasn’t like Marcus was going to do anything but continue to watch her. Yes, she was beautiful and sexy and certainly alluring, but she was also a bit awkward, and she liked to joke around. He had no time for nonsense like that. 
There was still nothing about that young girl which made him want her for more than her blood. But then, why was he more than ready to call David up to his office and snap his neck like a twig for going near her? It wasn’t like he cared. He was a three-thousand-year-old vampire, he didn’t get jealous. 
Marcus turned his attention back to the array of footage options he had in his sights and clicked on the elevator, watching as Wynter took it up to the third floor and disembarked. He checked his watch. Still five minutes to go. Five minutes and he could feed. He was more than ready. His body was aching for the nourishment she was going to bring him. He could taste her already. Smell her. 
He drew a deep inhalation and realised he could still smell her scent from his desk. Not the subtle tones from far away, but close by. Wynter had left part of herself behind. 
Marcus’s senses immediately heightened and his adept nose found the source if the scent within a second. He stood and then crouched down on the floor before kneeling and pressing his nose to the ground beneath his desk. There it was. The single drop of blood that’d dripped down from her perch atop his desk. It had dried, but that didn’t stop his tongue from darting out and taking back what was his. 
Satisfied for now, Marcus then stood and made sure his suit and shirt were perfect. That his hair didn’t have a single strand out of place. Everything had to be perfect, as usual. 
And then he walked to the elevator, where he stood and waited for Wynter to arrive. 

***

“Shit, shit, shit,” Wynter groaned as she jumped in the lift and hit the button marked with a number four. It was bang on two-am and she knew she had just one minute to get up to Marcus’s office and be ready to feed him. She’d cut it close. Too damn close. It wasn’t even Warren’s fault, either. She’d decided to check her phone and had to answer a string of messages from her friend Cossette and the time had just run away from her. 
Ding! The elevator chimed, marking her arrival. Wynter checked her watch again. She still had thirty seconds and so let out a sigh. She was going to be okay. 
The doors then opened to reveal her master. He wasn’t sat at the desk like she’d imagined, but instead he was standing right beside the lift doors like he was either about to get in with her or he was lying in wait, ready to yank her out the second she arrived. Wynter wasn’t sure which one he was going to go with, so she just stepped forward and smiled. 
“Good morning, Marcus.” 
“Right on time, Wynter,” he answered and then offered her his hand, which she took and let him lead her into the private area behind the glass partition she’d been in a few times now. It felt odd being so at ease with him, someone she barely knew and yet had already shared so much with. And yet, she clung to the hand he’d graciously let her hold, like it was the most precious thing on Earth. Marcus came to a stop beside the bathroom door. “I’d like you to take a shower.” 
“Sure,” she answered, figuring it wasn’t an unreasonable request. She’d been there almost an entire day already and was feeling a bit icky herself, so welcomed the chance to get freshened up. “Do you have products for me to use?” 
“Everything you need is in the cabinet, plus I have clothing I’d like you to wear for me afterwards. Your work clothes will be washed and pressed ready for this evening,” he replied with a smile that both terrified and beguiled her. She suddenly wanted to kiss him. To have his arms around her and his lips on her neck. His tongue lapping at her vein… 
Wynter forced those thoughts away and knew she was only thinking them because of Marcus’s power to control her and make her believe that was what she wanted, when in fact, she didn’t. Not really. It took every ounce of effort she could muster, but Wynter steered herself away and instead opened the door to the bathroom. 
She then walked into the huge room and was surprised when Marcus followed her in. “Undress,” he commanded when she turned to look at him inquisitively. 
She did as he’d asked and was even more shocked when he mirrored her actions. 
As she slid off her jacket, Marcus did the same. 
When she unbuttoned her blouse, he removed his shirt, and so on. 
Wynter couldn’t keep her eyes off him. Yes, he had that distinguished look about him on the surface, but beneath the suit was the body of a god. He was slim and perfectly toned, and his skin was impossibly smooth. She desperately wanted to touch him, but kept her hands to herself, remembering her shame from before when she had dared try to seduce him. She was learning, or so she hoped, and tried not to make any more of a fool of herself. 
When he was completely naked, Marcus then walked further inside the bathroom and turned on the overhead shower jets. And that was when Wynter noticed how it was a twin shower. Two heads were built into the ceiling and water cascaded down from them so that two people could shower side-by-side and still have their own space, rather than be squashed into one cubicle like she’d been used to in the past. 
The two of them entered at the same time, and Wynter hissed as the icy cold water hit her. She jumped out of the spray and glowered at Marcus, who was already standing under his own cold stream, seemingly without a care for the shocking temperature. 
“Don’t mind the cold, huh?” she groaned, whacking the heat up on her controls. Marcus peered out at her from beneath his wet lashes and grinned. 
“I feel nothing, Wynter. It surprises me you still need reminding,” he said, but she didn’t believe him. 
“Liar,” she replied as she grabbed the shampoo and got to work on soaping up her dark brown hair. She then rinsed and opened her eyes, going in search of the conditioner, but instead found the face of her master just inches away. She went to jump back, but Marcus grabbed her and pulled her to him, crushing her against his chest. 
“I have no heart, no conscience, and no soul,” he growled. “What makes you think I feel a single thing other than the desire to fulfil my need to survive?” 
She still didn’t believe him. Bravery reared its head inside of her again and before she could stop herself, her thoughts came tumbling out of her mouth. 
“If you were a heartless monster, then you’d never have created this business. You like to be entertained, Marcus. You have a need to facilitate in the survival of your own kind, but rather than create farms full of humans to expedite the bloodletting, you chose to create an empire. A place for hundreds of us to come and worship you. If you felt nothing, then you wouldn’t need power or your cult following of humans under your spell. You’d simply take and take and take without a care.” 
Marcus let out a growl, and he thrust Wynter against the cool tile wall, moving her as though she weighed nothing at all. He closed the gap in a millisecond and bared his teeth when she dared to smile. She knew it was stupid to antagonise him, and yet, she couldn’t seem to help it. “Did I hit a nerve? One you apparently don’t have?” she teased, but knew she was pushing her luck. 
Wynter hadn’t known what’d come over her saying those things, but something just kept on snapping within her, and she couldn’t help but bite back, so to speak. She knew it’d get her in trouble, but she didn’t care. Just as long as it meant she’d keep some of her independence, she was willing to keep pushing him and decided she would take Marcus’s punishments. Or at least she hoped she could.
He stared into her eyes as if he was looking into her soul, and Wynter was shocked to find he didn’t appear to understand her at all. Marcus seemed lost and confused in that moment. Like he had no idea how to react. One second, he looked like he wanted to throttle her, and the next, he seemed like he was about to kiss her. Maybe even more. 
Their naked bodies were against each other’s, after all.
Strangely, though, Wynter didn’t feel horny for him just then. She wanted to be close to him, yes, but not to make love. Not to jump his bones, either. All she wanted was for him to understand and to take care of her. To accept her for what she was willing to give, but also what she wanted to keep for herself. “No more games, Marcus,” she whimpered, feeling lost herself now, too. “Let me feed you.” 
He pushed away like she’d offended him and stormed back to the other showerhead, where he ducked underneath and finished getting cleaned up without a word. 
Wynter hurried through the rest of her wash routine and then followed him out of the cubicle, where they both dried up in silence and she applied some moisturiser and deodorant. She also ran a brush through her hair and left it down around her shoulders to dry. 
When he was done, rather than stick around, Marcus left the bathroom, stalking naked into the living area. Wynter kept her towel around herself and followed, where she found him pulling on a pair of casual black trousers and a simple blue t-shirt. It was strange seeing him dressed that way. Even after only knowing him a day, she had already become accustomed to the perfectly tailored suits and crisp cotton shirts. 
“Your clothes are in there,” he told her, indicating to another set of drawers to his right. She went to them and pulled open the top drawer, where she found nothing but a single white dress. It was like a modern take on the nightgowns women used to wear in the olden days, nothing like she’d choose for herself, but she slipped it over her head without argument. The dress fell right down to her feet and swamped her, feeling less than flattering, but Wynter still didn’t grumble. If this was what he’d wanted her in, then so be it. She’d riled him up enough for now without also adding a further insult about his choice of clothing for her. 
“Marcus,” she then hummed when there was nothing but silence between them. “I’m ready.” 
“Sit down on the couch,” he demanded, and she did, thinking he’d take her wrist, but he evidently had other plans. “Open your legs and lift your skirt…” 
Again, she did as he commanded. Wynter hadn’t ever been one to shy away from men when it came to showing off her body, but with Marcus she felt like she was only revealing what was his. That, somehow, by covering herself, she was denying him of what he rightfully owned. It felt oddly good to be naked in front of him. 
Marcus climbed down and lifted her left knee up, hoicking in over his shoulder so that his face was level with her thigh. She could feel her skin prickling, ready for his bite. Her heart was racing, pounding loudly in her ears, and she began to pant. How could she want it so much? This was insane. 
“Please,” she whimpered, but Marcus simply placed a kiss against her skin. 
“Please what?” he asked, looking up at her with a wild kind of wickedness to his stare that made Wynter tremble. 
“Drink,” she answered, and he seemed surprised. 
“Is that all you want?” he enquired, his eyes darting to her uncovered and fully on show pussy that was mere inches from his face. 
Wynter thought about it for a moment. Yes, she was horny again now. But truly, she didn’t want him. She didn’t even want David. All Wynter wanted was for her duty to be done so she could rest. She willed the time to pass and for Marcus to take what he wanted, and realised it wasn’t for any reason other than because she was ready to get away from him. That deep down, she despised him for what he had forced her into. 
Marcus appeared to sense the cold wave of hate that flooded through her, and he grinned. “Yes. It is all you want, isn’t it? To let me drink so you can be free.” 
Wynter simply nodded. Damn him and his tricks. “Then fight me. Tell me no. Make me force you.” 
“I can’t,” she groaned, and it wasn’t for a lack of trying. Wynter’s instincts were telling her to run, but the spell he’d put her under was working to override those reflexes and she could do nothing but sit there, vulnerable and at his utter mercy. 
“Then I shall take my time. Make it excruciatingly slow for you until you can endure it no longer, Wynter. You think you can wind me up and there won’t be consequences?” he growled, and there it was. She’d known he’d punish her somehow and cursed herself for having been so reckless. But at the same time, she knew she’d do it again if given the chance. 
“I knew there would be consequences, but I also knew they’d be worth it. I might be your slave, Marcus, but I’m not your puppet.” 
“We’ll see about that,” he replied before pressing that razor-sharp tongue of his against the artery inside her inner thigh. 
Marcus caught the initial gush of blood as it began to flow and then stemmed it, taking just a trickle into his mouth rather than the deep gulps like he had before. He was indeed teasing it from her, taking just a few drops at a time, and Wynter felt wonderful and horrible both at once. But then, with every drop, her burdens lessened, and she fell further into her ecstasy. Punishment or not, her body still roared with pleasure at his bite, and before she knew it her instincts to run and fight were quietened and all she had left was her need to serve him. 

It was dawn before Marcus closed the cut to her thigh. Wynter was writhing and arching up and down on the sofa before him, her body seeking comfort in arms that simply weren’t there. Release in the lover that wouldn’t give her it. And when he finally closed the wound and moved away from her, she shoved the dress back down and curled into a ball on the sofa. 
Reality set back in and brought with it that same sense of shame she continually fought when she was with her vampire boss. Tears sprung from her eyes, and she hugged herself tighter as they began to fall. When she had finished her mini-meltdown, Wynter unfurled and pulled the throw down over herself, willing for him to just leave her alone. 
Sleep took her in an instant and while she needed it, her body also continued to cry out for its gratification. Her dreams were full of dark, sensual things. Of sex and desire, and of eyes that watched her, burning her soul as her body roared with heat. 
She woke to find her hands between her legs. Her fingers swirling the aching bead atop her thighs. She worked it harder and harder, getting closer to her release, and then screwed her eyes shut when her orgasm took hold and she began to shudder and spasm in the wonderful rhythm her body had so desperately needed. 
During her high, she saw one man’s face. Warren’s. She remembered his dark, brooding expression, and the words he’d spoken that morning. 
He was going to look after her. Take care of her. Make sure she wasn’t manipulated or taken advantage of. He was her knight in shining armour and Wynter quickly realised how what he’d promised was the hottest thing anyone had ever offered her before. No matter how hard she’d tried not to notice him, he’d gotten under her skin, and she knew she wanted more. “Finally. I thought you’d be there forever,” Marcus’s voice pierced her post-orgasmic haze, and she cringed at him having watched her in the throes of her self-pleasure. 
Wynter jumped up off the sofa and found him sitting in the chair opposite. She glared across at him but found he didn’t seem to care one little bit. He was just watching her inquisitively, but then held out his hand. “Come to me,” he said, but she’d already been up on her feet and was moving toward him, anyway. His magnetism had drawn her closer, not his words. 
She climbed into his lap and let Marcus hold her close. He pulled her against him, and she inhaled his scent and moaned dreamily.
“I feel so confused,” Wynter told him with a sigh, “I don’t know what to think or feel.” 
“We all tried to warn you,” he answered, as if she was just being too foolish for her own good. “You will love me, but that doesn’t mean you will always like me. No one else here has ever had the guts to express it, but I understand the way the hex works.” Marcus shifted her so that Wynter could look up into his face. “What you feel isn’t real. How you act and what you give me is by force. But I don’t care. Trust me when I say so. All I give any kind of a shit about is fulfilling my needs and taking care of my business. The rest is just coincidental.” 
“I don’t believe you,” she countered. “I can’t. If I did, I don’t think I could bear being here for another second.” 
Marcus answered with a grin that told her he’d like that. To have to come and get her from her home and drag her to the club. To punish her for defying him. 
“And yet, I can taste how broken you are. I can smell the misery on you, even still. I know there’s nothing out there in the real world for you, just like there’s nothing out there for me either.” 
“And what if I chose to burn this place to the ground? Where would you turn then?” Wynter groaned, not meaning it as a threat or any kind of promise, just a last ditch effort to get her life back again, even as crappy as it might’ve been. 
“I’ve always got other options, but you don’t. Plus, I’d make sure you burned along with the club and all the other humans in it, Wynter,” Marcus answered with a sneer. 
He then plucked her hand up and pressed his lips against her wrist, where he began to drink again. 


Ten

After the day spent feeding from his new prize and then rewarding her with just a small amount of sleep each time, Marcus decided it was finally time to let her get some proper rest. He blocked out the afternoon sunshine using the fully blackout blinds he’d installed and then left her to sleep while he got some work done. He needed the time to catch up on the bits and pieces he’d neglected the night before anyway, thanks to him having been too wrapped up in his newest obsession to dedicate the time he had needed to them. What was it about her that had him so worked up? Even now, after languishing at her various veins for hours, he still wanted more, and had to stop himself going to wake her up again. 
Instead, Marcus forced himself to focus on the reports on his desk. Or on the budget for the upcoming quarter. On anything at all that didn’t involve that damn girl, but his mind kept on going back to her. To how he wanted more than just her blood. 
No. They weren’t going there. She was just exciting and new. The novelty would wear off soon. Yes, that was it. Wynter was his first new manager in twenty years, so it stood to reason that she was exciting him more than any other new acquisition. The other new employees had gone straight into the pool of blood letters, ready for the taking by his many clients. But not her. She was his and her blood was fresh. New. Delectable and delicious. 
Wynter was like the young summer lamb, while his other managers were mutton. She’d soon lose her appeal, of course. 
Yes, Marcus thought. He would indulge in the newness to the fullest because it surely wouldn’t be long until it was nothing more than business as usual between them. Just another professional arrangement like any other, and so he endeavoured to enjoy her while the high lasted.

***

Wynter stirred and let the sounds of the world around her creep into the void between asleep and awake. Her head hurt, but she felt rested enough, and it was a relief when she looked at the clock on the wall and realised she still had an hour before her working evening began. It would be nice having some time to get ready without the rush this time. 
She sat up and looked around for Marcus. He was nowhere to be seen, and so she headed for the shower again, but thankfully in private this time, and then brushed her teeth. She also found makeup and hair products in there ready for her to use, and every item was her usual brand and shade. She had to wonder if this was thanks to Warren’s scrupulous background checks on her. Did they go as far as knowing the purchases she regularly made? Quite possibly. He undoubtedly had dug into every inch of her life and knew things no one else did. In some ways, though, that made her even more attracted to him. If he could look at her warts and all and not run away, then maybe things wouldn’t be so bad here after all? 
After she was clean and made up, Wynter then found her clothes also hanging neatly in a dry-cleaning bag that told her they had been sent to get washed and prepped, just like Marcus had promised. She slipped the clothes back on, finding it odd to think how some poor laundry worker had just dry-cleaned her knickers and bra too, but figured she was at least spared the embarrassment of collecting them and nodded to herself as she took one final look in the mirror. 
She looked like her usual self. Back to normal, or as normal as she could be under the circumstances of her new role. And of course, after all that Marcus had taken from her during the past thirty hours. Her freedom, her life, and her blood. How the hell was that suddenly normal?
Her two days of extracurricular obligations were almost over with and come two-am the following morning, she would be free at last to head home. Back to her own bed and free from the advances of her three-thousand-year-old boss. Yeah, in what other world would that make sense? She wondered if her friend Cossette would even believe her when she told her about the new job. But then again, was she even allowed to? Wynter hadn’t signed a non-disclosure agreement and hadn’t been issued any warnings about revealing her boss’s identity to anyone on the outside, but of course nothing here was as it seemed, so she decided to ask Warren when she headed down to his office a short while later. 
It was strange. Warren seemed to be on her mind a hell of a lot. Now there was a conundrum. Someone she’d actively not pursued or flirted with in a bid to remain professional. She hadn’t even fantasised about him after meeting him, but then he had turned up in her thoughts at that pinnacle moment of her climax and completely thrown a spanner in the works. Was it because he had been so chivalrous? So outspoken and ready to take on the ‘bloodsuckers’ as he had called them? He was strong and seemed to be fighting the curse as best he could, and Wynter liked that about him. In fact, there seemed to be rather a lot she liked there. 
She checked the clock again as she emerged. There were fifteen minutes to go. Fifteen minutes and she would be heading back down to work for a normal night of meetings, arts, and design work. No biting. No games. 
She could hardly wait. 
Wynter sensed Marcus before she saw him. He was sitting at his desk and wasn’t even looking at her as she crept out from behind the glass partition, but she felt him pulling her to his side, compelling her forward. Her body obeyed his call and within a few moments, she was on his lap and completely at his mercy, just like before. 
She was under his alluring spell again and kissed him the moment he peered down into her face and was surprised when Marcus kissed her back rather than push her away. He then began opening the buttons on her blouse and she gasped when she felt him dive inside and capture one of her breasts in his warm palm. 
After all the times he’d told her no, she was finally gaining the strength of will not to throw herself at his sexual mercy, and then here he was making all the moves? He truly did love playing his games, and she was powerless to refuse him—not that she wanted to. 
After a few seconds spent fondling her, he pushed her bra aside and started massaging her nipple into a peak. 
“Marcus,” she groaned, his name a question as well as a pleading cry for more. She needed him to take what he wanted, desperate to please him, and having his hands suddenly on her was intoxicating beyond anything she had ever imagined. 
He didn’t respond. Not a word passed his lips as Marcus dipped his head and sucked the nipple he’d just been working into his mouth. It felt amazing. “Oh, God,” Wynter croaked when she felt the sting of his tongue press against her flesh. Heat bloomed within her core in reaction to his bite, and Wynter grabbed the back of Marcus’s head, pushing him deeper, even as she sensed him begin to drink. It felt amazing, and she wasn’t ready to let him stop. Not even when Marcus lifted his head back and licked her cut closed. “No,” she whimpered, “don’t stop.” 
“Time for work,” he answered with a teasing smile, and Wynter peered across the room to the clock, watching as the final second ticked by and six-pm arrived. 
She wanted to scream! 
Marcus laughed when she scowled up at him and pushed herself away in a bid to get up, but then held her back for just a second so that he could button up her blouse and give Wynter one last lingering kiss. 
“You’re making me late,” she hissed against him, seducing another gruff laugh. 
When she finally pulled away and made for the elevator, Wynter felt the iciness descend between them and knew before she’d even left how he’d broken whatever bond had just blossomed to life between them. She no longer felt the need to go to him. All she wanted to do was get away, and so she didn’t even look back as the elevator doors closed and she descended one floor to her office. 

David was lounging by her office door and when she reached him, he raised an eyebrow in questioning. 
“Well. How was it?” he asked when she said nothing, bouncing on the points of his feet like he was excited to hear about her first proper day as Marcus’s Blood Slave. Wynter groaned at him and shook her head. She knew exactly what he meant by that and understood Warren’s comment about the vultures who would descend on her and try and claim a notable notch on their belt. 
“Exhausting,” she replied as she slid the key into the lock and opened the door. David went to follow her inside the office but she turned back to face him, shaking her head. “Not now, okay? I need some time by myself.” She didn’t mean to be harsh, but just couldn’t play nice. She didn’t have the energy or the patience. 
He left, albeit begrudgingly, but Wynter didn’t care. Yes, she was horny as hell and Marcus’s last bite didn’t help matters, but she wasn’t going to be some sure thing David could just swing by and take a ride on. She remembered the warnings Warren had given her and decided she wasn’t going to give into her lustful urges. She wasn’t going to be that girl. And so, she would hide away and distract herself for as long as it took for her to forget those needs and quiet those desires. 
Wynter locked the door closed behind her and slumped into her chair. She then took a few deep breaths, stretched, and let out a loud yawn before firing up her computer and getting down to some work. She remembered her quick and annoyingly vague run through from the night before and tried her best to answer the emails waiting in her inbox, but knew she needed to get her head in the game if she had any hope of properly getting to grips with everything. 
It was slow going thanks to her lack of concentration and made even harder when she tried to log into the club’s website as an administrator and was denied access, even when she checked and double checked that she was putting in the password that’d been left for her. 
Wynter swore at the machine and then shoved herself back in her seat. This was no bloody good.
She was going stir crazy, and it wasn’t even an hour into her night’s work, and she started to feel herself growing angry. At the situation she’d found herself in. At Marcus for having lured her into his domain as well as his arms. At herself for having fallen for some of the oldest tricks in the book. And yet, there she was. Locked inside her own office and doing as her vampire master commanded, even though this was meant to be her time to work and fulfil her role as best she could. 
Wynter was beginning to understand why the other managers were such solitary creatures. Why Jack and Patrick locked themselves away and remained private. Why Joanna wore her heart on her sleeve, but only for the man who would never love her in return, even if she couldn’t see it herself. But Wynter failed to understand her own place amidst their odd quadruplet. She was a social animal. A lover of dance and music, and of fun and adventure. Wynter was the sort of person who wouldn’t do well being locked away, and so she grew itchy. Desperate to leave the stifling office behind and be with likeminded people. Those who understood her and were on the same page. Those who had made her feel welcome…
It was glaringly obvious where she needed to be, and so she decided a change of scenery would do the trick. Wynter grabbed the brand new laptop Marcus had left her and shoved it under her arm, along with her notebook and pen. She then checked the coast was clear of unsolicited visitors and locked her office door behind her before taking the lift down to the basement and walking the long corridor towards the entrance to the IT department. 
The doorway was just within her reach when she heard the buzzer sound that indicated the door had been unlocked from a switch somewhere on the inside. They’d obviously seen her coming and had opened, ready to receive her. 
It suddenly dawned on her she really was welcome there. Wynter felt like she might cry. Who in the hell were these people, and why had they so quickly accepted her? She needed to know. To understand why they were being so nice. 
“Hey,” Warren called to her from his small sectioned off corner of the huge office the second she’d walked through the doors and headed inside. He came to the entrance to his office area and was smiling this time, rather than scowling, and his arms weren’t crossed but down by his stomach. He was fiddling with something Wynter couldn’t see, and so she moved closer to find that it was a Rubik’s cube he’d completed. 
“Hey,” she said, “I just wanted to come and check in. See what’s going on…” 
“Any time. Hey, come and grab a coffee with me,” he added, and she knew exactly what he was getting at. He was doing as he had promised. Keeping her safe in the aftermath of her first couple of overtime days. 
Wynter did as he asked and followed him into his makeshift office, where she found Warren already pouring two steaming cups of black coffee from the percolator. “If you want milk, you’ll have to make do with the powdered stuff,” he told her, and grinned when she shook her head no. 
“Black is fine, thanks,” she replied before taking a long inhale of the caffeinated air. 
Wynter then took a seat and watched him as he stirred a teaspoon of sugar into his brew before joining her at the desk. Warren eyed her up and down, clearly checking that she was okay before he started with his questioning. 
“So, how are you?” 
“Fine.” 
“Not good enough,” he demanded. “How are you, really?” 
“Knackered. Wired. Angry. Horny. What else do you wanna know?” she told him and was surprised by her own honest answer. 
“How many bites?” 
“In total over the day?” 
“The weekend.” 
She mentally counted them and frowned. 
“Seven,” she eventually answered, and found herself scratching at the tender mark on her neck Marcus had given her the day before. It was beginning to itch, which was a good sign really as it meant it was healing, but she hated the reminder of what he had taken from her. 
“Want some magic cream?” Warren asked, and Wynter giggled, but she nodded in answer. He then threw her a tub of ointment from his desk drawer, and she peered down at it with a smile. 
“Nappy rash cream?” she asked with a frown. 
“Trust me, it’ll take away the itch as well as help it heal quickly. Here, let me help you,” he told her as he stood and wandered around to her side of the desk and plucked the tub from her hands. He then scooped a small bead of the ointment out and rubbed it between his fingertips before pressing them either side of her neck where the scratches were. 
It was like heaven. Wynter peered up into his incredibly dark eyes and forced herself to remain calm. To not remember how he had invaded her thoughts at the most inappropriate moment. To not feel like she had to tell him all about how he had featured in her dreamy fantasy, and now was on her mind for more than just how kind and helpful he had been. No, Wynter steered her thoughts out of the gutter and looked up at him as a protector. A powerful ally. A friend. 
“Let me guess, they frequent the same drinking spots?” she asked while she did the same and took care of the two marks inside her wrists. 
“Yep. Thighs too?” he asked, and when Wynter nodded Warren turned away and walked to the window so he could look out at his team, and to give her some privacy to rub some cream onto the two wounds inside the tops of her legs. 
Wynter also unbuttoned her shirt and rubbed some of the cream onto her tender nipple and was just removing her hand when Warren turned back around and glared at her in horror. She quickly buttoned her clothing again and flushed with shame, while Warren just continued to stare at her like she was a ghost or something. 
“What is it?” Wynter asked timidly, and he suddenly seemed to snap out of his moment of contemplative disgust. 
“It’s just not right,” Warren answered, his voice merely a whisper. “None of this is right.” 
“No, but it isn’t like we have much of a choice. Is it?” she replied with a frown. “The curse has me, just like it has all of you. The more we fight, the more they like it. The more he likes it. I tried, Warren. I was cold and cruel towards him, but I’m pretty sure that only made him want me more. He drew it out. Savoured the taste of my hatred rather than turn away from the bitterness I hoped he’d sense in me.” 
It felt strange being so open and honest, but she was glad to be able to speak her mind at last. To be able to say the words rather than hide them any longer. 
“I know that feeling,” he then answered dejectedly. “I have to work Friday and Saturday’s and I dread them each and every week. I hate every second of the feeding time and while I know they love it I fight back, I just can’t help myself. I fight for me. Not for them. I do it because, if I stop fighting, then I’m scared I’ll never start again. I’ll be lost. Another mindless lover of those bloodsuckers and the euphoria their bites bring.” His words made so much sense to her it was insane, but he was right. She had to keep on fighting, and not because Marcus wanted it, but because she needed it. 
“Why does the euphoria happen?” she asked, thinking how great it was having someone who was so willing to give her the god’s honest truth. 
“There are many theories, but I think it’s because our natural instinct is to survive. Even the biggest thrill-seekers in the world wouldn’t knowingly put themselves in the path of certain death. There would be a safety harness. A plan-B. Not here, though. Not with them. They are the harbingers of death, and yet we are lured to their sides like the sirens of the sea. Their bites bring passion and ecstasy, rather than pain and fear.” 
“It feels so good,” she answered honestly. “I would’ve gladly kept on feeding him so I could get to my release. Even if it meant death.” 
“Never, ever let yourself go over that precipice while Marcus is feeding from you,” Warren demanded, his face turning cold again. “Your body will rush with endorphins and the blood will pump into his mouth in droves. He will be driven wild by your frenzy and will take it all.” Wynter gulped and stared back at him in horror. 
“So, if you reach that climax, you die?” 
“Nine times out of ten,” he replied, and then noticed the awkward look on her face. “Did you do it? Did he make you come?” 
“Yes. He had closed the wound already, but my body was lost to the sensation, and it happened before I could control it,” she answered, suddenly feeling dirty. Wynter wasn’t sure if it was because Warren looked even more horrified than before, but she hated that she’d disappointed him by letting Marcus elicit an orgasm from her. She hadn’t been in control of her own mind, let alone her body, but Warren seemed appalled. Like she had somehow betrayed him. “Don’t be angry with me.” 
“I’m not angry with you, Wynter,” he answered, the look of hurt and shock so prominent on his darkly handsome face that she couldn’t bear it. “I just can’t believe he’s taken so much from you in just two days. It isn’t right.” 
“I know,” she replied. “I know.” 

Eleven

Marcus watched via his camera systems as Wynter went about her night’s work. She seemed lost. Like she didn’t quite know what to do with herself. He considered going to her, having realised he’d never properly shown her the ropes the evening before, but eventually decided against it. She needed to find her own way. Even if it meant him leaving her to fend for herself so he could watch and enjoy the journey. 
She hadn’t lasted long in her office. Wynter had needed company and clearly wasn’t a lone wolf like his other managers, so had taken herself off to the IT department. She had then stayed down in the basement for a long time, and he found it strange she would want to associate herself with the riffraff of the team down in the depths of the club.
Her decision irked him. Marcus had steered her towards his chosen employees to befriend and wanted to know why she wasn’t doing as he had planned for her. Why she had denied Jack’s advances when he had specifically put him in her path the day before. Why Wynter had been interested in his second choice, David, but not taken the bait, even when he’d ensured he was served up on a plate. And of course, why his new prize hadn’t found solace in any of the friendly faces he had introduced her to himself. Not even Marcella, with whom she’d seemed to strike up an instant friendship. Wynter was a conundrum to him. A true enigma. But still a code he would crack. A puzzle he would solve.
Two-am soon arrived, and she left for home, leaving Marcus feeling somehow empty. He’d known it wasn’t her day to feed him, so didn’t know why it bothered him. Mondays and Tuesdays were Jack’s responsibility, but still, Marcus had hoped she would stick around a while longer. Or perhaps she might’ve chosen to at least come up and say goodbye before running out the door. 
He couldn’t make her stay, either. Or could he? Perhaps she would be less inclined to leave if there was something keeping her at the club? A home there, like he had. That would work out nicely, and especially if he could orchestrate it in a way that she wouldn’t know it was his doing until it was too late. There would be no more upper hands offered to her, not after she’d got her own way, not just once or twice over their initial weekend together. 
Marcus vowed he would find a way to ensure Wynter remained there with him as long as possible, even if he had to work her to the bone to do it. He would formulate a plan and knew he had to study her some more and figure out the best way, so watched the various recordings of her back. He needed answers that were still beyond his own reach, though, so knew it was time he tapped into a wholly different power. 
The ancient vampire lowered his head and focused on her. Not his new prize, of course, but the embodiment of the one powerful bloodline which had served him for centuries. The same one whose mastery was behind his curse he’d had placed upon thousands of employees across the world. Marcus called to his priestess and willed her to come to him, and in a second, the powerful young woman appeared. The witch was covered from head to toe thanks to her red cape, her tiny body shielded from view and from the various forces all around them. He knew why she shrouded herself. After all, the Priestess was not an elemental witch, but one of ancient power. A force taken from deep within the Earth itself. Supremacy, no one creature should’ve ever been able to tame, and yet it had been harnessed by only one powerful coven. The same coven that had served his needs without question or argument ever since turning him into a vampire all those years ago. 
There was no doubt Marcus was the most powerful of his kind. He was their most prominent leader, the oldest surviving vampire and a wiser one than any he had ever met before. Their kind looked to him to guide them and so, of course, he did. He’d provided them with feeding stations across the globe, negating the necessity for the innumerable predators to hunt out in the open. Marcus was as strict with his own kind as he was with the humans in his employ. He commanded respect, as well as the adherence to his rules, and the belief that should anyone step out of line, his punishment would be swift and merciless. 
His dear Joanna had been reminded of that fact the day before, thanks to her jealous reaction to Wynter’s presence. Marcus had delivered her with ten lashings himself and had savoured every second of her pain and torment during her atonement. But he knew she would do it again, and that he would punish her over and over. She couldn’t help herself. All any of these humans ever seemed to want to believe was that the bad guy could turn good. That he could be tamed thanks to love. Joanna had believed so for two decades now, and yet he’d never once given her any reason to chase that fruitless dream. She was nothing more than a romantic fool.
The woman standing before him was the most recent in the only line of women he’d ever cared for. 
“My lady,” he whispered in greeting to his priestess, bowing his head in respect. 
“My lord,” she replied before she took a step closer to his desk and inspected him. Marcus could feel her eyes on him. “You are burdened this morning. Tell me what ails you.” 
He didn’t answer and knew he didn’t need to. His witch reached into his mind and plucked the information from him anyway, and he didn’t even try to stop her. The information delivered to her all-seeing mind; the Priestess inhaled sharply and then ran her fingers over his desk before licking the tips of them. “You desire her. The scent of her arousal drives you wild and you wish to take her.” 
She paused to gather her thoughts and then reached for Marcus’s hand, which he gave her without question. He also didn’t so much as flinch when she produced a blade from the bag at her hip and sliced his palm open. The Priestess then scrutinised the small pool of blood that gathered in his hand and whispered to herself as she worked out the meanings behind whatever it was she somehow saw there. “The full moon… blood will spill… wars will be won and lost all at once…” 
“Tell me more, wise one,” Marcus implored. He had been through this with the Priestess and her ancestors many times before, so knew her visions could go on like this for hours, but that a little prompting didn’t hurt to remind her he was waiting. 
“She’s strong,” the Priestess replied. “She will fight the curse. Fight you.” She then dipped her head and lapped at the blood still sat in Marcus’s palm, her tongue darting down into it like a cat’s. “This girl will both adore and despise you, but you are capable of making her yours. If you don’t, she will find love in another’s arms.” 
“Then we shall continue to fight, and she will love another, because I won’t do it,” Marcus demanded, thinking she had to be mistaken. He’d relished drinking from Wynter and had let himself enjoy her company. It was true, but not enough to have anything more with her. “I have never taken a bride or created another like me. And I never will.” 
“Stubborn fool,” the Priestess hissed, but he sensed her flinch with fear when she felt his anger spike within. “When the moon is full, it is time to choose. Change your mind later and it will be too late. The girl will never love you.” 
“Not unless I force her,” he groaned. “Or you cast a spell.” 
He withdrew his hand and licked the last of the blood clean. Marcus could taste Wynter’s scent in his own rich blood. Her essence was a part of his now, and he shuddered as a wave of arousal struck him. 
“No force or spell would be needed if only you followed your instincts…” the Priestess answered, and then she gave out a shrill cackle and staggered back towards the centre of the room. Marcus thought she was about to leave, but instead she held on. He was about to ask why when she clutched at her stomach and let out a low moan. 
“It’s time,” Marcus said, not in question but in knowing. He’d been through this hundreds of times already and knew the signs. The witches of her coven were always female, after all. Always in need of a male to help further their line, and when the time came, both Marcus and the Priestess serving him knew about it. And the forces demanding an heir weren’t exactly gentle about letting them know it. 
The coven leader would wrack with pain until the dark need was satisfied, and it appeared the current priestess was ready. Patrick had helped her mother and delivered the seed unto her belly, which had given life to the Priestess standing before him now. Her father was never far away and yet she had never cared to know him. Never wanted anything to do with him. Only Marcus. He was their eternal father—the caregiver for every generation—and it didn’t matter who had been the one to procreate with the Priestess before them. They were nothing more than a donor. 
Marcus knew who to choose for her, and so he summoned Jack to his office, who appeared within a couple of minutes and was understandably surprised to find the Priestess there. He fell to his knees before her and bowed his head, having met with her many times before during his time as Marcus’s Blood Slave and so knew what was expected of him. 
“My lady,” he said, but she didn’t answer. 
“Come, I am in need of you,” Marcus commanded as he climbed up from behind his desk and joined the two of them. Jack was ever the willing and obedient servant, so he did as he was told and immediately offered his master his wrist to drink from, but Marcus refused. He instead nodded to the Priestess, who was standing utterly still, watching them from beneath her hood. Jack followed his gaze and frowned at the hidden girl. The one whose face he had still never seen. The woman as precious to Marcus as the child he’d never get to have, well, at least until her daughter grew up and came of age before taking her place, and so on. The cycle would continue like it had for centuries, and to do so, Marcus needed the seed from another loyal subject. “Congratulations,” he told Jack as he took his offered hand and led him towards her. “You have been chosen.”
“Master… I don’t know…” Jack tried, but then he fell silent thanks to the sight of the Priestess lifting her skirt to reveal slim, womanly legs and a natural tuft of dark hair atop her thighs. Marcus wondered if he’d expected her to be old beneath that cape, but Jack seemed impressed to discover the Priestess was, in fact, just a young woman. 
“She’s untouched. Ready for you to be her first,” Marcus whispered in Jack’s ear before running his tongue down the nape of his neck to the vein he regularly fed from there. 
His actions had the desired effect. Despite them never having entertained any sexual kinship, Jack was hard in an instant. It didn’t matter that Marcus hadn’t actually bitten him, either. 
He let out a soft moan, unbuckled his trousers and let them fall open at the fly. Jack would do whatever was required of him without much in the way of hesitation, and they all knew it. Marcus was once again pleased with him and told him so. 
“Where, my lady?” Jack asked the Priestess, who lifted her hand and pointed one delicate finger towards the couch they all knew was behind the glass screen. She then went to it, her skirts still gathered around her waist, and waited. 
Jack followed and Marcus directed him to remove his clothes and sit down in the centre of the couch. He did as he’d been told and was soon ready, as was the Priestess, and Marcus watched as she readied herself to mount him. He knew she was not to be touched, other than the obvious, so he stood behind Jack and held his hands behind his head to stop him from trying. 
To then further his compliance, Marcus pressed his lips to Jack’s wrist and unsheathed his razor-sharp tongue before pressing it against his vein. A trickle of hot blood reached the back of his throat a second later and he felt Jack relax into the euphoria of his bite. 
Marcus smiled and sucked at the wound, desperate for more, and was rewarded when Jack’s heart began to pound in his chest with sexual need. The Priestess felt it too. She knew the time was right and Marcus watched as she sunk down onto the rod protruding up from Jack’s waist. 
Because of their bond, he sensed her pain at the initial intrusion, signifying the removal of her innocence. But she remained silent, and Marcus watched as she let her instincts guide her through the rest of their encounter. He kept her lover in place while the Priestess rode him, being careful not to drink from him too much as Jack climbed the wave of ecstasy. Because of course, he was finally going to be allowed to unleash it. 
His minion cried out when it happened, but the Priestess did not slow or put an end to their lovemaking. She carried on and on, taking more than another few orgasms from him, as well as having many of her own. It took all Marcus’s strength not to drain Jack dry each time, but the wants of his priestess outweighed his own craving for blood, and so he remained calm. He took slow, languid laps at the vein and focussed on her needs rather than his own. 
When she was finally satisfied and her body open to his offerings, not a word was spoken as she climbed up, dropped her skirts, and then dematerialised into thin air. 
Jack was ready to pass out with exhaustion, and so Marcus simply helped him lie down and then he wrapped the covers up around him, tucking the man in like a father might do his son. He then went back to his desk and stared out the window at the night’s sky. 
It was as though the Priestess had never even been there for her visit at all, but Marcus felt her absence strongly and wondered why. He’d never felt lonely in his entire existence before. 
But then it dawned on him how he didn’t miss her, but another. The woman he’d been forewarned was going to try and make him love her. 
Wynter…


Twelve

The alarm clock was already on its third lot of snooze time, and Wynter knew she was cutting it way too fine. Why on earth had she thought she’d be able to cope with juggling two jobs? She felt like she’d had around two hours’ decent sleep and was somehow now expecting to head out for an eight-hour day job. It was insane. Already too much and she wasn’t even out of bed yet. 
Wynter dragged herself anyway and tried desperately to function. She opted for topping herself up with copious amounts of coffee and hiding away as much as she could, but it wasn’t long before her boss noticed something was up. 
“Not being funny, but you look like shit,” he told her, and all Wynter could do was nod. 
“I feel like it,” she answered with a yawn. 
“Go home and get some rest. You’re clearly coming down with something,” he then told her, and Wynter wanted to kiss him. The thought of going home and getting some more sleep was heaven, and so she leapt at the chance and promised to come back the moment she felt well enough. It was a lie. Wynter already knew she would be quitting and working solely for Marcus. It was inevitable, so she decided to get a resignation email typed up and ready to go for when she got back from the club the following morning.
She was home less than half an hour later and dived right into bed. Her head had barely even hit the pillow, and she was out like a light, and thanked god she’d set a second alarm ready to alert her at five-pm, otherwise she had a feeling she might’ve slept in, and she didn’t even want to know how much trouble she would be in if that were the case. 

Wynter got to the club with plenty of time to spare and she headed straight for her office, where she bumped into a very pale and sour-faced Jack coming out of his own one. He looked the way she herself had felt earlier that morning, and Wynter was pretty sure she knew why. Marcus had spent the day feeding on him, after all. 
“Everything okay?” she asked, receiving just a nod from her fellow manager, so she let him be. Not everyone wanted to talk about it. Not even her, to some extent. 
Wynter just wanted to get on and work. She wanted to do the job she’d been employed to do and nothing more. That wasn’t going to happen when Saturday morning rolled around again, though. This new job had its perks, sure, but then there was the other side to the work. The part she hated and yet strangely wasn’t in a rush to give up. At least now she knew exactly where she’d be spending her weekends for the foreseeable future. Not partying in the club, but behind the closed and tightly locked doors of it. 
What about the probationary period and the clause? her inner voice reminded her. You can get out of this. All you have to do is send that letter of resignation to Marcus instead. Be strong. Fight the curse and you can be free again… 
In her heart, she knew it was what she wanted. The weekend hadn’t been terrible, and she had made some good connections at Slave, but Wynter still wanted to be free to control her own life again. And so tried her hardest to do it. She wrote the resignation letter out in full to her other employer and then changed the addressee to Marcus Cole at the last minute without a hitch. That part was easy, but then it took her until the tenth copy before she could sign her name at the bottom properly thanks to her hand shaking so badly. This curse certainly wasn’t making it easy on her. But there it finally was. Her resignation. Ready and waiting for her to hand it over to Marcus whenever she was ready to invoke the power the clause gave her. 
Wynter stashed the letter in her briefcase and then stood, figuring she’d head down to IT and see the team for a while before burning her bridges and leaving them all behind. But then she began to doubt herself. Was she really going to do it? Could she walk away just because of a curse, which had given her so much while only taking very little? It wasn’t so bad there, was it? She had herself in knots all over again and let out an anxious moan. 
Could she really go back to Marsden and Carmichael and continue the way she was? The answer was no. Wynter knew she needed more from life, but she also wasn’t entirely sure Marcus was the man to give her it. 
With a huff, she grabbed her laptop and headed for the door, and found Marcella on the other side with her hand raised, like she was about to knock on it. 
“Oh,” she cried, and they both laughed at how they’d made one another jump. “Hey, Wynter. I was just coming to see how things are going? I wondered if you’d like to come grab a coffee and we could talk some more about the autumn campaigns?” 
“That’d actually be great,” she answered, and put her laptop down again. Hers sounded like a much better alternative to finding solace in the basement with the IT guys again. 
“Were you going somewhere? Don’t let me keep you,” Marcella asked as she watched her, and Wynter thought it sweet how she hadn’t wanted to intrude. It was a kind gesture to even say so, and her sweet nature made Wynter like her even more. 
“No, I was just going down to IT. I still need to go through some of the system management options, but it can wait,” she told her with a nonchalant wave of her hand, dismissing the idea entirely. Wynter then joined Marcella in the hallway and, after locking her office door shut behind her, they were soon off towards the main open-plan area to where the small corner office awaited them. 

She and Marcella chatted for far longer than Wynter had anticipated, and two coffees later they had covered all the work stuff as well as some of the personal. Wynter felt like she could really open up to her and even felt comfortable enough to ask some more questions about Marcus and his kind. But when it came to the harder stuff, Wynter fidgeted and hesitated. She wanted to believe she was safe to ask the questions raging within, but still wasn’t sure she could without raising any suspicion.
“Ask me anything, sweetie. I’ll always tell you the truth,” Marcella told her, clearly having noticed her unease.  
“Well, I was just wondering… Has anyone ever broken the curse?” 
Marcella was understandably surprised, but then a sly smile crept over her face, and she leaned closer, dropping her voice. 
“As far as I know? Nope. Not a single soul.” She shuffled closer. “Why, do you want to try? Do you believe you have the strength of will needed to be allowed to walk away?” 
“I don’t know,” she answered honestly, “but I guess I have another few days to figure it out.” 
“Don’t be too hasty,” Marcella then warned, surprising her. “You’re in a wonderful position here, one any of the men and women around you would fight tooth and nail to get to. You have the attention of the most powerful man I’ve ever known, and he won’t share you. That’s a blessing in this business, not a curse.” 
Wynter got it. She could see it from Marcella’s point of view, but when presented with the chance at escaping her new life and having back her freedom, it was just too big of a deal to then let it go simply because, in the eyes of his other employees at least, she was Marcus’s new favourite and ought to be grateful. She would find happiness elsewhere. Not in her old job. Perhaps not even in this same city. 
Wynter figured she could start anew. Go back to basics and begin again. Reinvent herself. 
Marcella seemed to understand things from her side, and she didn’t want to keep talking about it, so was glad when the conversation then naturally moved on. They were soon laughing and joking again, and it wasn’t long before another hour had whiled itself away. 
Wynter then jumped when the telephone on the desk began to chime and was still giggling when Marcella plucked it up and answered. “Yes, she’s here. Of course, I’ll send her up, Mr Cole,” she said, looking at Wynter with a frown. “Yes, sir.” 
She replaced the receiver and dropped her voice back to a whisper. “He wants to see you in his office.” 
“Oh, God. You don’t think he’s been listening in, do you…” 
“No, of course not,” Marcella answered, but then they both looked around the room as though they might spot the glaring presence of a camera or a bug. “No. Definitely not.” 
“I’d better go find out,” Wynter answered, and she felt a surge of anxiety echo through her at having to go up to Marcus’s office alone. She made quick work of getting on her way though and was in the elevator within minutes of Marcella having ended the call. 
She half expected to find Marcus waiting for her at the lift doors like he had before, but instead she found his assistant Bryn there. He was shuffling awkwardly, as if he didn’t quite know what to say or do, and his demeanour put Wynter even more on edge. 
“Please, take a seat and Mr Cole will be right with you,” he said as he ushered her inside and to the chair opposite Marcus’s at the desk. Wynter thanked him and took it and was then left alone when Bryn disappeared back down in the lift. 
She waited and waited and began to grow impatient. What was taking Marcus so long? In fact, where was he? Wynter looked around and she listened, hoping to hear him in the back room or something, but heard nothing at all. Not a peep. 
She eventually stood and took a few tentative steps towards the glass wall and was about to peer through it when she decided against snooping and turned away, figuring she would have to wait it out in the chair. Whatever Marcus was playing at, he seemed to want to unnerve her, and she was determined not to get too riled up. 
“Miss Armstrong, please take a seat,” Marcus’s deep baritone echoed through the room when she turned, and Wynter jumped as she found him sitting at his desk, as if he’d been there all along. 
“You… you kept me waiting a long time,” she said as she approached and nestled back into the hard-backed chair. 
Wynter had tried to sound authoritative, but instead she cringed at how cowardly she had come across. She knew she was going to have to grow some serious balls if she had any hope of getting anywhere within his company. And certainly if she hoped to gather enough strength to ensure she got away from him before the weeks’ end. 
“The delay was unavoidable,” he answered without even a hint of an apology. “Wynter, I called you here because I would like you to work an extra overtime day of each week,” Marcus then told her, getting right to the point. “Patrick has been struggling for a long while to feed and although I’m rather fond of the old fellow, I simply cannot drink from him any longer. You’re the youngest of my manager’s and with the freshest blood. It stands to reason you should be my first choice.” 
“How flattering,” she mumbled, hating how coldly he had worded his request, and thinking how she wanted desperately to refuse him. To deny Marcus a third day with her and save herself the hassle of enduring him another sixteen hours of overtime each week. She steeled herself and took a deep breath, fighting every urge within her to tell Marcus yes. To please him and do everything he commanded. To be his willing slave. 
No, if he wanted it, he would have to take it. “I’m afraid I shall have to decline,” Wynter then told him through gritted teeth. “I have my other work, as you know.” 
“Ah, yes,” Marcus replied, looking totally unperturbed. “The same job you have resigned from this evening?” he then added, as he plucked a piece of paper from a closed file on his desk. It was her letter of resignation. The one she had printed, signed, and then left in her locked office downstairs. Wynter gulped. In the same briefcase was the amended one to Marcus. He had to have seen it. Whether he’d listened in on her conversation with Marcella or not, he knew she was planning on leaving him. And yet, he didn’t seem to care. 
“I haven’t sent it yet,” she answered. 
“I took the liberty of doing it for you,” he replied with that smug grin of his. “You will not be expected to return, not even to clear out your desk. I’ve sent someone to do so on your behalf.” 
“Such a fucking gentleman,” she scoffed and turned her face away. 
Wynter was filled with the urge to lash out at him for invading her personal space. For trying to force her to stay with him. For daring request that she give him one more precious day. 
No. Enough was enough. She was going to do it. “And of course, you must have seen how there were actually two letters of resignation in that folder?” 
“Sure,” he replied with an air of arrogance that only served to make her angrier. “But unless you physically hand that to me and explain your reasons why, I shan’t accept. A piece of paper serves nothing more in your attempt to break your curse than a wooden steak would in endeavouring to smite me.” Marcus then took out the second resignation letter Wynter wasn’t surprised to find he’d taken along with the other and balled it up in his fist. 
He then offered her another smile before throwing it into the fireplace behind him, where the flames disintegrated it within seconds. “So, Friday. Come to me at two-am and I’ll make sure you’re rewarded handsomely for the overtime,” he told her, as if the matter was settled and she’d accepted. “You may go,” Marcus then said, adding insult to injury. 
Wynter stood, and not because he had dismissed her, but because she couldn’t wait to leave. She glowered at Marcus for a moment, rage boiling her blood. 
His satisfied inhale made her want to throw something. Preferably something heavy and expensive. 
He was getting off on making her angry. Enjoying every second of it. 
Well, she figured, two could play at that game. 
“I’m busy Friday,” she demanded. Marcus didn’t react. He focused on the papers in front of him and began jotting down notes as if she weren’t even there. He might be ignoring her, but there was one thing Wynter was acutely aware of and was going to use to her advantage. He wasn’t commanding her like he had during their days together the weekend before. Marcus was simply her boss, hex or no hex, and tonight he wasn’t seducing her using his lure or controlling her with his bite. “I’m not staying Friday, Marcus. And that’s that. Are you listening to me?” 
He said and did a whole sum of nothing in response, and Wynter had no choice but to walk away. She was beginning to feel like a fool standing there shouting when he wasn’t even acknowledging her existence. Shame crept in around the edges of her rage and she stormed out, hoping Marcus couldn’t sense it. That he wasn’t enjoying her even more now that she had given him exactly what he’d evidently wanted. 


Thirteen

Wynter’s scent lingered long after she was gone, and Marcus savoured every morsel of it. Damn, that girl really was delectable. He’d had to play it cool when she’d been shouting and demanding her freedom, because it really had taken every ounce of strength he’d had not to pounce on her and drink his fill. Jack’s blood hadn’t been enough. Joanna’s wouldn’t be either. The sheer idea of drinking from Patrick again turned his stomach, and Marcus smiled to himself. 
Friday couldn’t come fast enough. He would have her when he said so, not when she deemed it convenient, and he was going to show Wynter just how much power he had over her and her measly little life. 
Marcus then turned and glared into the flames where he had thrown her resignation letter. She was stronger than he’d thought for being able to so much as garner the strength to write that, and there was a part of him that felt afraid. He had put the probationary period into the contract for the fun of it, and not a single human had ever been able to break his spell and claim their freedom. Was she going to be the first? If so, Marcus knew he would not allow it. Not her. Of all the humans he could acceptably lose, it would never be her. 
He called out with his mind to his priestess, and she had appeared by the time he’d turned his head away from the flames. She was enrobed as always, but he sensed her trepidation and knew she was still in a great deal of pain. 
“I shall summon Jack for you again, my lady,” he told her, and she offered him a simple nod. “And this time, I shall not let him stop until the deed is done.” 
“Yes,” she answered, her voice like a wisp on the wind. “And I’ve found the act itself eases my suffering as well as delivers his seed unto my belly.” 
Marcus smiled at her. His precious young witch was a woman now. A man had taken her body and, after remaining pure her entire life, just as her obligation to her coven had dictated, she knew the sexual gratification the act of love could bring. She wanted more, he could tell. Wanted to explore her body. 
The thought made Marcus hard at the waist. He imagined himself being reckless and letting Wynter ride him the way his Priestess had taken Jack upon that sofa the day previous. She had commanded his body and elicited moans and pleasure from him like a woman who’d known what she was doing, rather than a virgin he’d kept under lock and key since the moment she was born. 
Wynter did know what to do, though. She knew her body well and wasn’t afraid to use whatever tools she had to hand to get her satisfaction. Marcus had seen so on that footage of her with David in that bathroom, and while it’d made for interesting viewing, it hadn’t held a candle to watching her in person writhe against her own fingers while still half asleep on his couch. She’d made herself climax without a care for who might be watching. Her needs had taken over and Wynter had seen to them. She knew what she wanted and took it, just like she was trying to do now with obtaining her freedom. 
“And what of my needs?” Marcus asked his priestess, forcing his sexually charged thoughts away. “Wynter intends to leave me. How is that possible?” 
“I told you, my lord,” she answered softly. “She’s strong in herself and her will, and she also affects you in ways you still refuse to acknowledge. The girl weakens you. She challenges you in ways you refuse to acknowledge.” 
Marcus stood and was across the room in a heartbeat. He soon had the Priestess in his grasp, and he pinned her to the glass wall, glaring into the eyes he could just about see beneath her dark hood. 
“Do not ever call me weak,” he demanded. 
The Priestess answered with a low cackle. 
“Then do as your body commands and take her. Make it so she will never even think of leaving you. Mark her. Make her yours. Merge your soul with another after three thousand years of loneliness.” 
“I’ve told you, never.” 
Marcus let go and recoiled. That was the end of it. Conversation over. 
He then walked back to his desk and pressed the intercom. “Bryn, send Jack up, will you?” 

***

Wynter stormed into the IT department and flung herself into a chair behind one of the spare hot desks. She needed to lose herself in something. Anything. So, she logged into the encrypted system on her laptop and tried once again to get her head around what she was seeing. Behind the basic webpage she herself was going to start work on updating, sat a series of the intricate ordering systems Warren and his team had in place. Clients could log in, pay their fees, and then choose a Blood Slave and a time slot. As if they were ordering a fast-food delivery, they could browse the humans and sort by any number of factors. If a vamp wanted a certain blood type, they got it. If they wanted specific personality traits, they were there. The information was incredibly specific and invasive, and included things like whether they were vegetarian, how much they exercised and their body mass index. 
“Who knew vampires had so many options when ordering their liquid lunches, huh?” a voice asked from over Wynter’s shoulder and she turned to find Phoebe standing there, the woman she’d met when she’d first gone to the IT department a few days before. She was dressed in jeans and a tight geeky t-shirt and had teamed it with a chunky cardigan and heavy boots. Wynter liked her style and even liked her bright pink hair. It was edgy. Fun. Not like her in the corporate gear she had to wear, thanks to being based a few floors up. But now wasn’t the time to be inwardly wishing she could be more like Phoebe and express her own style. There were far worse things going on than her lack of outfit choices. 
Wynter simply looked back at the screen and frowned. 
“The site makes for an interesting read. Do we really have so much information on every employee?” 
“Don’t be naïve, Wynter. He doesn’t just keep tabs on his employees. More like every man, woman, and child in this country. The vampires are all registered in Mr Cole’s database, too. He likes to catalogue them. To watch them and keep tabs. The IT teams at his every base across the globe do the same.” 
“So, our boss effectively runs the world?” she asked incredulously. There was no way that was possible, surely?
“Something like that,” Phoebe answered with a frown, “he knows everything, including how to manipulate anyone into doing exactly what he wants because he has the details close at hand.” Phoebe then took a seat and turned the laptop towards herself, which she typed on impossibly fast before hitting enter and turning it back to Wynter. 
A picture of Warren was on the screen, and she could see the venom in his eyes as he glowered back at the camera. She then looked down and read his bio. They’d marketed him as a fighter. A challenge to any vampire who was looking for someone who wouldn’t go easily. “He had to write that bio himself. To make himself look good to any vampire who didn’t already know his name. Imagine having to write your own advert.” 
“It’s disgusting,” Wynter answered, reading down to where it said about Warren’s height and weight, and even information as specific as how he wasn’t currently sexually active. Now, that was taking things too far. 
“All we can do is look after each other,” Phoebe whispered. “We’re all in this for life, and that includes you now, Wynter. We’ll take care of each other. And of Warren, just like he takes care of us.” 
She felt terrible. There she was, planning her escape, and all while people like Phoebe and Warren were planning to look after her and make her one of them. 
They took care of their own. She’d heard it said more than once now, and now they counted her among them. It hardly seemed fair that while they were doing all of this, she wasn’t giving them anything in return. 
She was so confused. Conflicting emotions rattled through her and Wynter wished she could just go back to the Friday before and just stay at home. To not go to the club. To not reek of despair so much that Marcus desired her so. To refuse David when he delivered her such a tempting offer. 
Something clicked inside of her as she continued to stare at Warren’s photo, and she suddenly realised how this could be so different to everything else she’d tried and failed at so far. The people were different. She was different, and she couldn’t leave them behind. 
Yes, she knew she’d continue to try and fight Marcus and his curse, but also that she couldn’t desert the others. She owed them more than that. 
“I’ve gotta go do something. I’ll be back soon,” Wynter suddenly announced, and while Phoebe frowned, she didn’t try to stop her. She simply closed the laptop and took it over to her workstation for safekeeping, while Wynter headed for the door. 
Once through it and on the other side, she couldn’t get away fast enough. Something powerful had urged her out the door. She needed air and to be alone with her thoughts a moment, and so walked right to the end of the hallway, then out what she’d hoped was a fire door. 
But it wasn’t. Instead, she found herself in the main floor of the nightclub. The same one she had once loved dancing in, but not anymore, and definitely not on a Monday night when it was far from the fun and frivolity the weekends had to offer. She cursed Marcus and his incredibly designed building. The damn insulation had muffled the sound so well she hadn’t realised she was walking towards the muted music, not away.
Wynter looked around at the dark club and immediately began to panic. There were people everywhere. Far more bodies than were usually crammed into the lower-level dance floor on a weekend. She pressed herself against the door she’d just come through, her hands fumbling all over it in a bid to find a way back in. There wasn’t one. It was accessible only from the other side. 
In a bid to get her bearings, Wynter looked up and realised they were indeed beneath the mezzanine floor where VIPs overlooked the dancers below on weekends. It was more like a cattle market on nights like this, though. Humans were dancing and writhing against each other while vampires watched them from above. They were there to pick out the one they wanted and then would send one of the waiters to go fetch. 
Wynter had read the blurb on the website just hours before. She knew Monday nights were a free-for-all. She also knew she needed to get the hell out of there and so ducked her gaze back to the floor ahead, looking for the best route out and back upstairs. 
She then spied the door to where she knew the smoking area lay beyond. It was a direct enough path for her, albeit straight through the centre of the throng, but Wynter decided she could make it. That she’d force her way through if she had to, but she wasn’t going to just stand there any longer. 
She pressed forward, having assumed some of the people there might move out of her way, but instead they seemed to close ranks. The ones closest looked like they were completely out of it, as if they were on something, and not a single person looked her in the eye or so much as registered her presence. 
With every movement she managed forward, it was like they resisted her, and she was squeezed tighter by the crowd and forced back. Wynter tried again and again and could soon feel herself starting to panic with a sudden onset of claustrophobia. She felt lightheaded thanks to the lack of fresh air, and anxiety speared in her gut. All she wanted was to break free and yet the people there were dragging her back repeatedly. As though they wouldn’t let her go without a vampire’s say so. 
She begged and cried out, but none of them seemed to hear her, and soon she was screaming and crying. Feeling lost and afraid. 
And then, she suddenly felt their constriction wane a little. Wynter used what she could get and pushed herself onwards. She moved a few feet and looked up in search of the door, which was when she locked eyes with those icy blues she’d come to both adore and despise. Marcus was standing at the edge of the dance floor, and he moved forward with his hand outstretched, his presence seeming to part the sea of people without him even trying. 
Relief washed over, and Wynter cried his name into the crowd, hoping somehow he could free her. 
“Come to me,” he whispered, and yet she could hear him all too clearly. Marcus left his hand out for her and when she finally reached the edge of the crowd, she took it, and then held on for dear life. She let him drag her from the cesspool behind and clambered into his arms the moment she was finally free. She’d never thought she’d be so happy to see him. 
“Thank you,” she whimpered. “Why did you do that?” 
“I sensed you were upset and in danger. It’s my job to look after you now, so of course I came to your assistance. There’s no need to thank me,” he told her, and his words came as a shock. Wynter hadn’t expected that. She’d anticipated some snide remark about her having to be more careful in the future, or for him to tell her off. But not for him to be nice. 
“You’ll look after me?” she asked him and could feel herself trembling in his embrace. “But you told me you didn’t care?” 
“Sometimes I say things, but it doesn’t always mean I meant them, or that I don’t care. You can trust me, Wynter. I’ll always keep you safe, even if I’m angry with you.” 
She got it now. Marcus certainly did like her weak and despondent, and so he’d said those things to hurt her. But now he was showing the true empathy he was capable of. The real and caring side he had to him, and probably rarely showed unless necessary. “Look to me for guidance, Wynter. Come to me when you’re in need and I will always help you.” 
It was too much. She didn’t know whether she was coming or going, and Marcus wasn’t helping matters by being so chivalrous suddenly. She still needed her space. Some time to think things through. 
“Yes, I will. Thank you,” she told him, and then sidestepped away. “I’d like to take a few minutes and get some air if that’s okay?” 
He nodded and then lifted his hand in a wave to beckon someone over to them. Wynter knew who was coming to keep her company before he’d even arrived, but she didn’t mind so much this time. 
“David, see to it that Wynter gets some fresh air and then please kindly escort her to her office,” Marcus ordered, never once taking his eyes off her. 
“Yes, of course,” David answered. He, too, eyed her curiously, as though checking she was truly all right, but seemed happy enough when she offered him a weak smile. 
Marcus was gone again before Wynter could turn back to thank him, and so she instead followed David out onto the patio and took a seat beneath one of the heaters, but it wasn’t enough to stop her shivers. 
Her watcher joined her, and Wynter stared at him with a frown. 
“I’m sorry I’ve been so cold towards you. My head is all over the place and I couldn’t even begin to process what was going on between us,” she told him honestly, “so I pushed you away.” 
“It’s fine, Wynter. We had a bit of fun and while I’d love to do more, we can keep things casual,” he answered with a soft smile, and she felt a weight lift off her shoulders. That would be perfect. 
“Maybe even become friends?” 
“Of course,” he told her, “so tell me, why are you so confused? Isn’t the job turning out okay?” 
“The job is fine. It’s Marcus who is driving me insane. I can’t get my head around that guy.” 
“You’re not meant to,” he replied with a gentle laugh. “He keeps everyone on their toes, Wynter. It’s his job to own us and—his managers excluded—hire us out to his buddies. I doubt it’s glamorous or an exciting role, and so he plays with his toys to keep himself occupied.” 
It was Wynter’s turn to laugh.
“Yeah, that sounds about right,” she agreed, “it’s definitely a crazy world I’ve found myself in, and strangely, money is suddenly the last thing on my mind.” 
“Yep, and we won’t do a thing about it because we all love him so damn much,” he answered with a shake of his head, and she was glad to see it confused him just as much as it did her. 
“But that’s another thing I don’t understand,” Wynter replied. “Why do you love him, David? How was he capable of doing that to you? Don’t get me wrong, part of me wants to adore him and do everything he says without question. But then there’s another side of me that wants to fight the curse. Wants to lash out at him and play games right on back. Wants to walk away.” 
David seemed surprised, and Wynter cringed. She’d gotten swept up in the moment and had let herself get carried away and regretted it almost immediately. 
“That’s the side of yourself that you need to fight, Wynter,” he told her with a frown. “You can’t say those things. Can’t think them. He will punish you for it.” 
“I know. I hate myself for thinking it, but I can’t help it. And then, he turns me around again by being tender and kind. By making me want to trust him. Perhaps even love him,” she mused, and then flung herself back in her seat. Wynter ran her fingers through her hair and scratched at her scalp with rough strokes. “I’m losing my fucking mind,” she groaned. 
“Welcome to the club,” David replied with another small laugh. “We’ve all lost our minds here, so at least you’re in good company.” 
That sounded about right, and Wynter tried to smile, but then remembered back to their first meeting with a pang in her chest. She thought again how, if only she hadn’t come to the club that night, she wouldn’t be in this mess. Wouldn’t have caught Marcus’s eye…

Wynter had taken a break from dancing and was approached by someone exactly her type. He was tall, good looking—albeit obviously—and going by his three-piece-suit he was wearing, she decided he had to be either a businessman or a gangster. She was more than willing to find out which. 
“You look thirsty,” he teased, clearly having noticed she had no drink on the go. Wynter grinned.
“Yeah, but I’m okay for now. I’ll grab a drink later…” she replied, playing it cool. She didn’t want to admit she barely had a tenner to her name, and it was still another week until payday. 
The man turned to the barman to order two glasses of water, and that was when Wynter noticed he had an earpiece in that went down into his shirt via one of those curly wires. He had to be one of the bouncers, and she wondered why she’d never seen him there before. She would’ve noticed someone like that on the door.
She thanked him for the drink but couldn’t hide how she wasn’t all that impressed by his choice of beverage. She could’ve asked for a free glass of water herself. Gin would’ve been much preferable. 
“I’ve noticed you around here before, but usually you’re not being so thrifty. Everything okay?” 
“Funds are a little low this month. Is that a crime?” she retorted, trying not to lose her temper. Whose business was it but hers if she wasn’t flashing the cash? Not his, that was for sure. 
“No, but we’re not in the business of charity, Miss…” 
“Wynter. And I’m not a charity case, I’m just conserving funds until I figure out what I’m gonna do about the lack of a housemate I have going on right now.” 
She didn’t know why she’d answered honestly but didn’t bother to try and take it back or explain herself further. The man smiled to himself and nodded, and Wynter had to wonder if someone had just said something into his earpiece from afar. 
“My boss would like to know if you’d care to join him for a drink?” he suddenly asked, confirming her suspicions about the voice in his ear.
“Oh really, and just how did that come about?” she replied teasingly. The bouncer laughed and shook his head, his cheeks flushing a little as if he found being the go-between embarrassing but had no other choice. 
“He’s been watching you too and said to tell you you’re an enigma, Wynter. And how he finds you intriguing and would like to meet you.”
Wynter mulled his proposal over. She didn’t think she was in the right frame of mind to get involved with whatever illustrious boss the security guard was talking about, especially as she’d never seen the guy or heard a thing about him. This was surely how young women like her got trafficked, or worse, involved with suspicious gangster types by their own accord? 
“And your boss, is he intriguing and enigmatic too?” she replied with a smile, shaking her head. “Tell him thanks, but no thanks. I’m not the kind of girl who’ll fall for some kind of mystery man scenario just because I’m a little bit down on my luck.” She turned and started walking away, figuring it was time she went home after all. 
As much as she’d once loved watching those romance movies depicting the billionaire businessmen getting the girl of his dreams, she hated the clichés of said girl being downtrodden or in need of a rescuer. Wynter certainly wasn’t in need of anything or anyone, least of all some secretive club owner who had sent his henchman down to fetch him a companion for the evening. 
The bouncer reached out and grabbed her hand in a bid to stop her, and Wynter turned and glared at him. “Take your hands off me,” she demanded, and he immediately let go. 
“Sorry, I just wanted to offer you another option. There’s a potential alternative to you finding another housemate. Do you have a job, Wynter?” the man asked, and she nodded. “Full time?” she nodded again. 
“Nine-to-five. What’s your point?” 
“And would you consider working evenings?” 
Wynter rolled her eyes. 
“What, behind your boss’s bar?” she answered with a snide edge to her tone. If she was honest, it was the best offer she’d had all night and knew a second income would solve all her problems, but she still stopped herself from taking back what she’d said. Her ego simply couldn’t allow that.
The guy gave her a second, smiled in a gentle way that told Wynter he knew exactly what was going through her mind, and then stepped forward. She watched him twitch his neck and knew that the voice in his ear was making more demands, so figured it wouldn’t hurt to hear them out. 
“You could take a job behind the bar for barely more than minimum wage,” he told her, “where you’d be ogled at all night and rushed off your feet, but at least you’d get to keep coming to your favourite club…” 
“Or?” she replied. His eyes flashed as if to say, ‘clever girl’ and she knew she was right. There was a better offer on the table. She just needed to hear it. 
“Or you could be behind the scenes doing a real job. Some proper work that you’d be paid handsomely for. Care to know more?” 
It was a strange question, or so Wynter thought. Of course she wanted to know more, and she nodded, but then stopped him before he went to deliver the rest of his boss’s proposal. 
“But I’m not a whore, nor will I strip or anything,” she said with a frown, making him laugh. 
“I can assure you, we already have plenty of those kinds of employees,” he replied with a wry smile. “What you’d be doing is more up your street. Mr Cole requires someone with a keen interest and skills in graphic design to completely revamp both his portfolio and his behind-the-scenes profile. The club is open to the public each weekend, as you know, but during the week he caters to a variety of other clients with any number of necessities. He has secret online message boards and member-only sites that need a consistent eye for detail and continual moderation. Mr Cole has looked you up, Wynter, and he likes what he’s found. He wants the right person in the entirely new role and is willing to offer you the chance to take it. Not only can you make it all your own but also move up into a job that’ll far surpass the benefits of your current role.” 
It sounded good, but Wynter knew there had to be a catch. People like her weren’t just handed jobs like this on a plate. There wasn’t a time when she’d not been overlooked or pushed aside so that one of the big boys could move up, even though she’d worked her socks off for her current employer. He only ever seemed to want her to remain where she was. 
“I find it hard to believe your boss is so ready to offer me the chance to single-handedly run his online empire when he hasn’t even met me,” she countered, thinking the entire proposal seemed too good to be true, so it more than likely was. 
“Come back here tomorrow afternoon for a formal interview then,” he responded, and the expression on his face was one of complete and open calmness. “You can see the offer in black and white and make an informed decision.” 
She believed him. 
Wynter thought about it for a moment and figured she had to at least give the idea a proper think and maybe see what the boss had to say during her interview. She was being petulant in remaining frosty to the very insinuation that someone in high places might’ve noticed her and had to hope it wasn’t purely because this Mr Cole wanted to get in her knickers. 
“Sure, I’ll come back tomorrow. What time?” 
“Noon.” 
“I’ll be here,” she replied before sauntering away without looking back, and then heading straight home. 
And of course, she had gone the next day. She’d accepted the job, much to Marcus’s satisfaction. 



Fourteen

Marcus listened in on Wynter and David’s conversation via his hidden cameras and smiled to himself. His minion was doing well in steering Wynter in the right direction. Not like that impossible lot down in IT. Marcus guessed that was what he got for employing true intellectuals. They were incredibly good at what they did and had maintained his epic database without incident, but at the same time, their higher brain function seemed to have a negative effect on the hex his priestess had created. They could fight back, albeit only to a small extent, but their influence on Wynter had shown over the past few days. 
David, on the other hand, he was a true airless wonder and Marcus liked having him as his puppet. The boy was drawing Wynter in and helping to sway her. Coaxing her further into her curse to ensure she caved.
She was breaking down. His plan was working, and she was losing in their game. She didn’t know which way was up, but she was starting to see the true north. The direction of her inner compass should always point her to—him. 
There were forces against her she couldn’t fathom, but Marcus had and would continue to use every one of them to his advantage. Like down in the nightclub just minutes earlier. His Priestess had worked her magic on the crowd at his request. She had made them close in on Wynter and saw to it she was panicked and desperate, and ready to be saved. Marcus could’ve ended her suffering any time he’d wanted, but it had been fun to see her suffer. To sense her despair. It’d even been amusing to toy with her in the aftermath. And what fun to discover just how desperately she had craved that gentler touch. To see him as her saviour because it was no doubt easier to let herself fall for the man she hoped he might somehow be underneath it all, rather than the monster it was clear he truly was. 

***

Wynter finished her night’s work in the quiet solitude of her office. She’d had enough of being around people in general and just wanted to be alone, so when two-am came, she waited a short while before leaving. She gave it a bit longer in the hope that most of the others would have gone and was rewarded with a quiet and almost empty office when she finally emerged, locked up, and made for the exit. There was still the security staff there, and some cleaners had gotten to work, but overall, it was still. Almost peaceful. 
She headed home and fell into bed with a heavy pit still welling in her stomach. Nothing felt right, but then again, it somehow didn’t feel wrong, either. She was being pulled in two incredibly different directions. All she had to do now was decide which side made the most sense. 
The phone by her bedside woke her far too early the next morning, and Wynter answered it with a groan. 
“What?” she demanded and was rewarded with the throaty laugh of her best friend, Cossette. 
“Where have you been and what the hell are you doing? I feel like I haven’t seen you in ages and of course I need all the gossip on the new job. But also, I needed you and couldn’t get hold of you. Simon’s been a right dickhead all week and I need to offload!” 
This was typical Cossette. She’d left Wynter in the lurch by moving out to live with her fiancé, and ever since then she’d not stopped whingeing about the poor guy. Wynter hadn’t heard the end of it, and had always half-heartedly listened, but not now. She needed to talk to someone herself and tried to find the words to tell Cossette how shit she was feeling, but it was like she’d forgotten how to open up. She didn’t even know where to begin and instead let out a sigh and pretended, like always, that everything was fine. 
“Are they asking about me at work? Did they receive my letter of resignation?” Wynter replied and knew by the loud laugh she got that her old bosses had indeed been made aware of her change in circumstance. 
“It’s all anyone can talk about. Some are speculating you were wooed by a tall, dark, and handsome stranger and ran off with him. But I set them straight,” Cossette clucked, “told them you got a better offer in a multinational company and took it.” 
“Good, thanks,” she replied, and then tried again to open up a little. “The hours are hell, but I think it’s worth it. I’m still figuring out my place there…” 
“What’s that mean? Is it too hard? I had the same at my old job, do you remember? That boss of mine tried to shag me and when I refused him he made my life hell.” There she went again, making it all about her. Wynter wanted to scream down the phone. To beg her friend to help her, but she was still harping on about herself.
“It’s just really draining,” Wynter eventually answered, and then figured she’d try and tell Cossette a little more about the ins and outs of the new job. Like she’d realised, there had been no non-disclosure agreement signed, so figured why not. She opened her mouth to say more. To tell her best friend how she’d spent her weekend being sucked dry by her vampire boss. But she couldn’t utter a word. No matter how she tried, Wynter was incapable of forming any sound at all, while that was what she wanted to tell her. Damn that curse, she thought, both impressed and astonished by the intricate nature of it.
“Well, you just rest up, okay? Take it easy and get some more sleep. I’ll try and remember not to call until the afternoon,” Cossette replied, and Wynter promised she’d do just that. 
They then ended the call, and she snuggled back into her pillows, eager to get some more sleep before it was time to start all over again at Slave, thinking again what a marvellous name Marcus had chosen for his club.

The next few nights went by in a blur. Wynter was kept super busy with what felt like a hundred requests for assistance from the different departments, plus her input via emails that’d come from all over the building, as well as from Marcus himself, even though he didn’t put in much of an appearance in the flesh. All their correspondence was done via email, and she quickly became comfortable liaising with him online thanks to the lack of pretence and any form of strange ups and downs like she often found when dealing with him in the flesh. He was to the point and precise with what he wanted when over electronic mail. All business, which suited Wynter perfectly. 
When Thursday night came around, she still hadn’t confirmed with him whether she was willing to take on the extra day of overtime, and yet Marcus hadn’t asked her again either. Did he just assume the matter was settled, and she’d be there? Wynter hoped not. She had no intention of staying whether he asked politely or downright demanded it. And still, she found herself turning up on Thursday evening with some spare clothes in a suit bag over her arm. 
Wynter told herself it was all just part of her plan to keep a change of outfit at the office in case she spilled a drink or required a new set of clothes sometime. Of course, it had nothing to do with Marcus and his proposal that she remain at the club for the next three nights straight. No sir. 
Halfway through her shift, she got a call from Bryn and immediately plucked the receiver from its cradle, placing it to her ear. 
“Hey, Bryn. Everything okay?” she asked. 
“Yes, thank you, Miss Armstrong,” he replied, regarding her formally, no matter how many times she’d asked him to call her Wynter. “Mr Cole has dictated a few paragraphs for you to put on the website. He has asked me to send it directly for your attention to type. Are you happy for me to bring the Dictaphone down?” 
Wynter rolled her eyes. Oh, so now she was his secretary too? He had some nerve. 
“Sure, why the hell not?” she replied, figuring it wasn’t fair for her to rant at Bryn about their boss’s gall. 
He ended the call and was at her office within a couple of minutes, the electronic recorder in his hands at the ready. 
“I’m sorry,” he told her, “but when he gives me specific instructions, I have to follow them. And he said you alone were allowed to hear what’s on this tape.” 
Wynter felt sorry for Bryn. She wondered how long he had endured working directly for Marcus and just what he’d had to do in that time. In some ways, his role could possibly be deemed worse than hers. At least she got some respite from their boss, whereas Bryn was with him every night of the week without fail. It couldn’t be easy. 
“No problem,” she told him, and Wynter also placed a gentle, reassuring hand on his shoulder. “I’m on it.” 
She then locked herself back inside and took her seat, all the while glaring at the recorder on the desk. She wasn’t going to rush listening to it. Marcus could wait. And yet, it was all she could think about. Wynter had to know what was on it and why and soon found she couldn’t focus on her other tasks, so knew she’d just get it over and done with. 
With a huff, she hit the play button and opened a blank document on her screen, her hands poised over the keys at the ready. 
“Good evening, Wynter,” Marcus’s deep and warming voice began to chime from the machine beside her, and she felt her body break out in goose bumps at the sound. She had barely heard his voice in days, and suddenly realised she’d missed it. 
No, she scorned herself internally. You didn’t miss him. You don’t even like him. Fight, Wynter. Always fight.
“I would appreciate you adding an update to the members’ only part of the website,” he began, and remained ever so formal throughout. “As follows: Thank you for your recent feedback. To all members who have expressed an interest in my providing new premises within the UK, please rest assured I have taken your requests under advisement and have set up a series of meetings to that effect. I shall update in due course but do trust these changes are afoot and will come with exciting new elements to the regime.” 
Wynter typed as he spoke, before adding the update to a small text box she’d opened on the site. Nice and easy. A two-minute job. 
She began to wonder why Marcus had sent the machine down rather than email the information to her and was about to turn it off when she heard him begin to speak again. “There’s more, but this is just between you and I,” his deep voice told her. With a frown, Wynter turned away from the computer and focused on the Dictaphone, her hands flying to her mouth so she could chew on her fingernails anxiously. “You never answered me before when I requested your assistance on Fridays in Patrick’s place. I have therefore taken the liberty of making arrangements for us, regardless. I want to feed, of course, but I would like to give you the chance to earn a reward from me. To get your bonus, I first have a task for you…” he paused and Wynter leaned in closer, as if she might have missed it. He let out a small sound, almost like a shy laugh, and then continued, his voice sending another wave of goose bumps across her skin. “It would bring me great pleasure to watch someone fuck you,” his recording continued, and the way he’d said fuck made every nerve ending in her body tingle. 
Wynter went cold and then hot, and an ache she knew all too well sprung to life in her belly. Damn, Marcus had a way with his words. 
He’d both shocked and aroused her, and while the stubbornness in her made Wynter still want to refuse him, she couldn’t deny he was getting under her skin. Making her want what he wanted and need what he needed. “Male or female, it’s your choice, but I want you naked and screaming with pleasure while I feed from you. I’ll gather my chosen suitors. All you have to do is give me a name and I’ll make it happen. If you’re in my office when the clock turns two-oh-one tomorrow morning, I’ll accept that as your way of telling me yes.” 

***

Marcus called a heads of department meeting at one-am. Each one of his most loyal subjects was issued a demand that they attend, and he used every bit of power he had over them to ensure they obeyed. Marcus never usually called a meeting so late, but he had something he needed to obtain. Not just Wynter’s body at his command and her blood coursing through his own veins, but also her compliance. For her to experience at last the loss of a fight and for the realisation to strike that she would not win against him again. 
It was going to be marvellous. 
Jack and Patrick were the first to arrive. Ever the leaders of his merry little clan, they took their seats at the large meeting table and looked straight to him rather than sit chatting or fiddling with the paperwork before them. There was nothing for them to talk of, anyway. No life outside of his club or their duty to Marcus himself. They were both just half a man each. Nought but a single whole between the pair of them. 
Jack was pining for his priestess. He missed her already and was yearning so strongly for something, it made the air around him palpable. Perhaps to know whether their exploits together had done the trick? To discover whether he was indeed about to become a father to a child he would never know. Yes, that was it. Marcus inhaled the scent deeply and licked his lips. He liked Jack so desolate and decided to play with his loyal servant some more. To give and take from him over and over for the fun of it, because he could. And gladly would. 
Patrick was just as pathetic. A hopeless mess now that his services as Marcus’s blood slave had come to an end. He hated not being used and missed that high already, but Marcus had bigger plans that no longer involved Patrick or his blood that had been soiled by the cancer running through his veins. Plans for a different future. Ones that involved someone knew at the helm. 
As if on cue, Wynter then arrived, and she went to sit beside Jack, but Marcus shook his head and patted the seat to his right. She didn’t want to obey his beckoning, he could tell. She hesitated and frowned like she was attempting to come up with a reason for her taking one of the other seats, but it was no use. Marcus pulled her to him by force, and Wynter let out an angry sigh as she flung herself into the chair. 
“Good morning, Wynter,” he told her with a smile. 
“Morning, Marcus,” she replied, looking everywhere but at him, and her coyness made him smile. She’d listened to his recording and clearly didn’t know how to handle what she felt about his demands. Did she think he was bluffing? Marcus hoped so. It was going to be fun playing with her. 
Joanna, Warren, and Marcella were next to arrive, and like the others, they each took their seats and sat in silence while they waited for the remaining few to arrive and for Marcus to get started. The lift brought the last four department heads, and they took their seats as well, and with a smile, Marcus stood and surveyed his motley little group. 
He sent out a silent wave of power, exerting his sway over each of them to ensure they did exactly as he commanded, and then lapped up their looks of adoration and desire. Each one was his, through and through, but still the same one stood out in defiance. She was looking up at him like the others, but he wasn’t sensing the same affection as them. 
Wynter was steeling herself. Holding onto her strength because, as Marcus presumed, she was planning to defy him yet again. She was going to attempt to leave on time and he simply could not allow it. He had to be the victor in their new game and he would have his spoils, even if he had to play dirty to get them. 


Fifteen

“I have called you all here to reveal my plans to open some new nightclubs,” Marcus began, and Wynter watched in horror as the faces of his department heads all lit up, as though they wanted this. Wanted more locations, meaning more new employees, and more slaves for his friends to feed from. The sheer idea made her sick. “We have this club as well as the London establishments, plus two upcoming clubs in York. I’m thinking Dublin, Edinburgh, and Cardiff. What are your thoughts?” 
Each of the department heads and managers then painstakingly gave their input and Wynter found herself watching the clock, willing them to hurry it along, but it was no use. The time was rapidly passing and as two-am approached; it didn’t seem as if the meeting were remotely over with. Marcus had clearly timed his get-together, so that she was stuck there. His captive and, therefore, his new Friday blood bag. But there was another caveat to his request. He wanted her to do the unthinkable, and fear suddenly raged within her. 
Wynter didn’t want any kind of public show, and all she could do to settle her fraught mind was to look around the table at those he had invited along. To scrutinise his obvious choices.
His words from the recording were echoing around in her head. The others had been chosen to attend not only for their advice on the proposed new clubs but also for her to choose a fuck buddy for the morning from. Marcus had told her so, and now it was all she could think about. The group continued discussing the plans for this newest endeavour, of which Wynter had the sneaking suspicion was already in the pipeline anyway, so the meeting was nothing but a ruse, and she continued to watch them all in silence. 
“London has been an incredibly successful venture and there is plenty of hype around the new club in York. I don’t see why creating more would be an issue,” Marcella was saying, “create a national branding. Do you have any premises in mind, Mr Cole?” 
Wynter wanted to throttle her. She’d just opened the conversation further, and Marcus jumped right in. He began projecting photographs onto the far wall with the help of a device on the desktop and every head turned to look as a slideshow began to play. 
It was like they were mesmerised or something, because every one of them were silent and still, doing nothing but stare at the point on the wall where Marcus demanded. 
Wynter wondered why, but then quickly got her answer when he took his seat and leaned close, his lips just an inch or so from her ear. 
“Ten minutes to go, Wynter,” he whispered. She followed his gaze to the clock on the wall and saw that he was right. In just ten minutes, she would be his once again. She knew, deep down, that she didn’t want to stay. She wanted her freedom and felt anger and anxiety spear in her gut just thinking about being forced into submission yet again by her strange new employer. Wynter also wanted to stand up and slap Patrick for being so old and feeble. How come he was getting off the hook? She glared at him but could see for herself how he was diminishing. Patrick had to be dying. That was the only explanation. 
“And what happens then?” she enquired, instead of lashing out. 
“I shall begin to feed,” Marcus answered, as though it was obvious, “and they shall watch.” 
Wynter shuddered and shook her head no. She turned to peer into his icy blue eyes.
“No, please,” she begged, but could see Marcus wasn’t going to budge. He had trapped her there and forced her to comply with his first wish, but then he was going to add to that defeat by making her entertain him with one of her colleagues. The sheer thought of it made Wynter want to be sick. 
“Then choose quickly,” he replied with a sinister smile. 
“I don’t want any of them,” Wynter told him, shaking her head. “Please, I can’t do it.” 
“That’s a lie.” 
He was right. All she could think about was Warren. How she wanted him to be the one to take care of her like he had promised. She couldn’t deny finding him attractive and had been spending more time down in the IT department because of that pull. Wynter had hoped that one day they’d reach a point where things might’ve moved forward between them, but that wasn’t the only reason she felt drawn to Warren now. Regardless of her true feelings towards him, he was the only one she trusted not to take advantage of her when she was vulnerable. The only person there who wasn’t a vulture, as he’d called them. 
Like always, Marcus could tell what she was thinking and seemed to know she did, in fact, have someone in mind. With a wide smile, he then turned back to the team and garnered their attention once again. “Very well,” he told them. “I will visit these locations in due course and choose accordingly. Thank you for your input.” 
Wynter listened, thinking about how he hadn’t taken any real advice from them. She’d been right. He had made up his mind already. His conclusion further confirmed her suspicions that the meeting had been a trick just to get her in his office for when two-am arrived. 
She stared at the clock while he spoke, watching the seconds count up to the change of hour. When two-am came, she let out a defeated sigh as she slumped back in her chair. The deal was done. Marcus had won. No matter what she’d said or done, he had won. She had to accept her third day of overtime no matter her reluctances. And it wasn’t about to end there.
He didn’t even look at her as he reached down and plucked her closest hand from where she’d cradled them in her lap. “Before you all leave; I have one last order of business.”
As if he had mesmerised them again, the room fell silent, and all his chosen minions watched intently as he began to drink from her. As if it were nothing at all out of the ordinary. 
Wynter’s heart was pounding in her chest and she had to look away as she felt her body flush with heat and desire as he began to drink. She rubbed her thighs together uncontrollably and let out a moan when he drew in a deep gulp. The world was spinning, but he stopped before she could get too lightheaded and then closed the wound, offering Wynter her wrist back with a wink. 
Marcus then looked around the room, surveying each of them, as if he were reading them in the same way she often felt he was reading her. “Tell me, which of you would like to stay behind and help Wynter to better serve my needs?” he asked them, and she watched as whatever spell he’d put them under waned and they were allowed to respond. 
“Master, they should not be allowed to feed you. If she’s not adequate enough, then you should call upon one of us, not them,” Joanna demanded, pointing to the others with nothing but contempt. In fact, she was staring at Wynter in just the same way, and she felt like getting up and throttling her. 
“Come now, Joanna. I’ve warned you against petty jealousy already this past week,” Marcus replied casually, but Wynter could tell he was seething. “Don’t make me have to teach you another of my lessons.” She paled and sat back in her chair, looking flustered. “In fact, you three may leave. This doesn’t involve you,” he added, and then shooed them away. Begrudgingly, Jack, Patrick and a very sour looking Joanna all got up and left, leaving the rest of them behind. 
Wynter watched them as the remaining few waited with achingly painful patience for him to reveal his intentions, but instead he turned to her and a broad, devious smile spread across his lips. 
Before she could ask him what he wanted of her, she was moving. Climbing up out of her seat and onto the table against her own will. She knew it was Marcus doing it to her, but also that she had no other choice but to comply. His power over her was growing stronger, or at least it felt like it. 
The vampire surveyed her as she moved into a seated position before him, just like she had on his desk before, and then he pushed back in his chair so that Wynter’s legs could dangle open in front of him. Her heels slipped off her feet and onto the floor, but he didn’t seem to care. 
She could see him looking up her skirt hungrily and felt herself flush with heat again. Something inside of her wished he were looking at her that way because he wanted her physically. Desire for him burned brighter than ever and even though Wynter knew he only wanted the blood coursing through her veins, not the rest of the packaging, she still yearned for him in ways that shocked her. She was no fool. In the back of her mind, she still knew those feelings were the work of the curse and nothing more, and yet, something made her wonder if she was beginning to cave. To love him, just like he and the others had warned she would. 
“Marcus,” she hummed, “I want you, and you alone.” Wynter’s voice was quiet and soft, but full of yearning, and she watched as his eyes flashed with something. Some kind of emotion or comprehension, she couldn’t be sure, but her words had seemed to surprise him. He shook it off almost immediately and let his cool and calm iciness fall back into place.
“I invite one of you to stay behind and see to it that Wynter is given her fill of orgasms,” he told the others, having ignored her plea. “Who would like to volunteer?” Marcus then added, and Wynter saw each and every one of her colleagues’ hands go up. 
She was about to turn around so she could speak to them and apologise to explain that this wasn’t her doing, but it appeared Marcus had other ideas. He stood and grabbed her by the knees she’d had open in front of her and then yanked them skywards. The move forced Wynter to fall back on the table, and she lifted her head just in time to stop it from crashing against the hard wood. 
She went to cry out and give Marcus what for, when he parted her legs further and pushed her skirt up around her waist. He was so quick that by the time she went to react to each of his movements, he was already onto the next, and so all Wynter could do was lie back and let him do as he pleased. She got the feeling that was precisely the point. He was giving the others a show to lure them in, but also making it clear that Wynter herself had no sway over his actions, or how their day together was going to go. 
Wynter locked eyes with Warren just as Marcus unclipped the stocking from her left thigh and began to remove it. “Choose,” he told her before pressing his lips to her exposed flesh. She kept her eyes on Warren’s even as Marcus cut into her skin and began to drink. 
She let out a mewling sort of cry when the first wave of pleasure overtook her, and opened her mouth, ready to say Warren’s name. 
Humiliation overwhelmed her when he frowned and shook his head no before she could choose him. Wynter was mortified beyond anything she had felt before and knew Marcus could sense it. He let out a deep, rumbling growl and gulped harder from her vein, and she knew he was enjoying her moment of utter shame and despair. 
She turned her face away from Warren and instead peered up at the ceiling, wracking her brains with whom to choose next, when she felt someone take her hand on the opposite side. Wynter looked for the culprit and found Marcella watching her with a gentle, innocent smile. Far from the friendly and relaxed way she’d had when they’d spent time together the few occasions Wynter had gone to her office. 
It was a relief to find someone willing. And she trusted Marcella, like she thought she had trusted Warren. She was genuinely pleased to have her friend come through for her in the end. Wynter even began to wonder just how much Warren had meant it when he’d made her his promises and found herself recoiling from his direction on the table. She arched towards Marcella and smiled back at her, her body roaring with ecstasy and desire, but not for Marcus this time. 
“I’ve chosen,” she whimpered, and felt it as he closed the cut he had made before releasing her from his steady hold. 
Free from his grasp, she clambered up onto the table and settled herself in front of Marcella, who had kept a firm grasp of her hand and was now holding it to her lips. 
She didn’t know about her new friend, but Wynter had never been with a woman before. She figured it would be just the same as with a man, though, minus the obvious, and was more than ready to give it a go. Her hormones were in frenzy and Wynter didn’t hesitate to kiss Marcella when she turned her sweet face up towards hers. It was a gentle kiss, but also one of mutual acceptance and respect. Anything seemed possible with her, and even felt right. Far from the forced choice their entire encounter had initially seemed.
Wynter felt ready to indulge in a fantasy she’d not humoured before and was pleased to sense the same emotions emanating from Marcella via their kiss. They were both eager, yet willing to be led by the other. And, of course, by the dictator who had instigated the entire thing. 
 
***

Marcus licked his lips, watching the two women with a salacious smile. 
“Everybody out, bar Marcella,” he commanded, and his order was obeyed immediately and without question. Just the way he liked it. The team of department heads moved for the lift as a collective, each emanating the same sense of disappointment, but one of them was giving off regret and despair in droves. It was calling to Marcus’s senses, and he decided it was time to play one more game before indulging his new pet and her fantasies. 
He left Wynter and Marcella to collect themselves and chased the disparaged IT guy down. Marcus held Warren back as he tried to follow the others into the elevator and then thrust him against the wall so that he would have a full view of the two women on a mission to satisfy both him and themselves once they were all alone. 
Warren tried to fight against him, and Marcus had to smile at the foolish boy’s attempt to defy him. He almost respected him for it. 
“Please, Mr Cole. Let me go. I have to work my overtime today,” he demanded, as if that would sway him. 
“They can wait,” Marcus answered without a care for the vampires who had booked Warren’s services and would be waiting for him downstairs. They were going to be angry, but it would be Warren who would have to deal with it, not him. 
And then he remembered just why this little minion in particular was so popular. “Although, that’s exactly what they want, isn’t it? To be allowed to punish you. To watch you suffer and pay for keeping them waiting.” 
Warren groaned and fought against Marcus again, and he surprised the old vampire with the display of strength he had when faced with the very creature who owned his body and soul. 
He and Wynter were kindred spirits indeed, and it suddenly dawned on Marcus what his priestess had told him just nights before. Wynter was going to fall in love with another if he didn’t stop her. She was going to break his curse and blood would spill by the next full moon. 
Well, Marcus was determined to make sure that didn’t happen. He could feel for himself how Warren was indeed torn. He needed to leave and yet had wanted to stay, so why had he refused her? 
“Please,” was all he replied, and Marcus found himself letting go. 
“You’re a fighter, Warren,” he told him, “so fight.” 
“Fight who, sir?” he replied, and all Marcus had to do was nod his head in Wynter’s direction to give him his answer. 
“If you touch her, I will end you,” he threatened through gritted teeth. “I will gut you and skin you alive, little rabbit, simply because I can. And then I’ll serve you up in pieces to all of my friends.” 
Warren shuddered but then took a deep breath and stood taller, as though desperately trying to show dominance rather than cave beneath Marcus’s threat. 
“We’re just colleagues. I promised I’d look after her whenever you’re done lapping at her veins and I meant it,” he then replied, but Marcus could still sense the despair oozing out of him. And the lust. He was watching the two women kiss and fondle one another intently, desperate to go and join them. Warren couldn’t tear his eyes away and Marcus knew it was because he regretted his decision to refuse her. 
“You had your chance, and you blew it. The next time she comes to see you, I suggest you tell her straight away that you’re not interested in being her friend or her lover, or whatever the hell she wants you to be. She belongs to me and I say who and where and how. Got it, little rabbit?” 
Warren saw red and Marcus revelled in the rage coming off him in droves. He’d taunted him on purpose and was delighted by the foolish man’s reaction. 
“Call me a fucking rabbit one more time and I swear to God I will find a way to hurt you,” he growled, and Marcus simply burst out laughing. 
In one fluid and controlled move, he then grabbed Warren by the back of the head and slammed it off the closed elevator doors. He fell to the ground, leaving a smear of blood in his wake, and clutched at his face as his nose began to pour with blood. Marcus contemplated taking a taste, but then recoiled. The fool was tainted and ruined. His blood marked by all those who had fed on him before. 
“Let’s see you fight back now, little rabbit,” he ground, his lips curled back in a sneer. “And if you want to try coming after me, then do it, but be prepared to fail time and again before I eventually decide it’s time to end your pitiful life.” 
Marcus then used his power over Warren to stir his senses and stoke the fire inside of him that loved him and would always do as he commanded. Warren fought the feelings, even in his pain and anguish, and Marcus laughed again. “You don’t like it, do you? Being forced to adore me and be my slave for hire.” 
“No,” Warren agreed. He just about managed to get to his feet and Marcus delighted when he stepped closer and Warren recoiled in fear. 
“You’d best get used to it because you’re my new favourite. The one I’ll be keeping a close eye on to ensure you don’t step out of line again, as well as the one I’ll be recommending to all my new clients.” 
He then pressed the button to call the lift and stepped away with a devious smile. Warren looked a wreck and felt even worse, he could tell, and Marcus felt a sense of victory come over him as he watched him leave. It was just too easy. 


Sixteen

Wynter watched Marcus and Warren fighting out of the corner of her eye and while she hated seeing him get hurt, she found it was rather satisfying. And kind of a chivalrous move from the ancient vamp. Warren had hurt her feelings and her pride, but Marcus had avenged her in his own odd way. He had questioned Warren and punished him, and even though Wynter knew there had to be a bigger reason than just to discipline him on her behalf, it still felt good to see him scuttle off with his proverbial tail between his legs. 
She and Marcella were working each other up nicely and had been kissing and touching one another in a bid to get all those frenzied hormones buzzing, even after Marcus had finished his initial feed. She was already desperate to climax, her body aching to be touched, and she couldn’t wait for the three of them to get started again. 
“Wynter,” Marcella whispered, breaking her heady reverie, “I want this. I want you,” she added, along with another kiss. “But I’m not as experienced as I made out before. I don’t really know what to do.” 
Wynter pulled back and looked into Marcella’s warm eyes with a smile. So, she’d given her some false bravado that time when they’d discussed their sexual proclivities following a feed. Surely most people would’ve done the same in a bit of a bid to impress their new friends, though? She couldn’t begrudge her a bit of over exaggeration and so kissed her again while scooting closer on the table and then wrapping her legs around Marcella’s back. 
“We can just show each other what we like. Where we like to be touched and how, and then the other can follow. This is about me and you, not him…” 
They were still pressed against one another, Marcella standing between her open legs, when Marcus returned and then sauntered past the pair of them with a cocky grin. 
“Shower,” he told Wynter, who had guessed that was to be the case, anyway. He’d been the same the previous Sunday morning after her evening’s work, and she could tell he liked his prey clean and fresh. Ready to tend to him. 
But this time, it was going to be different. There was a third party involved, and Wynter was surprised by how calm and unnerved Marcella seemed to be. Anyone else and Wynter was sure they’d be all over Marcus in a bid to get in with him, but she was focused solely on her. 
She led her behind the glass panel and into the bathroom, where they mirrored one another as they each undressed. Marcus watched them from the doorway, eyeing Wynter with a sort of reverence she found difficult to process. He seemed to be ignoring their guest, too. Just like Marcella, he was focused on her alone and it was odd having two sets of eyes on her as she stepped under the left set of jets and began washing her hair and body clean. 
When she was done, she looked to her right and found Marcella had just finished up too, and she was about to shut off the water, but Marcus seemingly had other ideas. “Join her, Wynter. Keep each other company while I wash up as well.” 
She did as he’d commanded and stepped over to where Marcella was standing timidly beneath the warm jets. Without her clothes, she had a petite body Wynter was envious of. There wasn’t a single stretch mark, nor a blemish in sight. She had breasts that were small, but seemed swollen, and she groaned appreciatively when Wynter cupped them and trailed her tongue around her nipples. She then ran her hand down over Marcella’s stomach to her hips and laughed when she elicited a ticklish giggle from her. 
Marcus watched them, and then removed his suit and underwear, and Wynter found herself watching his every move as he walked towards them, but then headed under the other shower. He was beautiful, and she studied him as he washed. Watched his delicate hands and the way they tended to the wash routine she herself had always taken for granted as a boring deed. But when he was touching himself and massaging that soap into his palms and then over his body, Wynter was mesmerised. 
Marcella seemed to sense it and she reached for her, running her hands over the places Marcus was massaging on his own body. Her top-heavy frame had left her with a big set of boobs and a tiny waist, and Marcella didn’t seem at all fussed by their differences in shape and size. Her fingers swirled across Wynter’s nipples, and she worked them into peaks before gently pinching and kneading them, sending pleasure through every inch of her body. 
She then followed each of Marcus’s movements, even when he cleaned between his legs, and he then turned to the pair of them with that same smile that always dazzled her. 
He continued to rub himself, his hand going back and forth in ways she had seen many a man do in the past. However, none of them had been this beautiful. Wynter wished she was touching him but knew she would have to settle for the alternative offered to her. Marcella’s hands were magic. She was somehow gentle and yet still penetrating her deeply, both at the same time as she delved between her parted thighs and stroked in and out to the same rhythm Marcus was working. 
His eyes were on her pussy just as hers were on his cock, and with a jolt, they both came at the exact same moment. Wynter cried out and began to pant with the force of it, while Marcus shuddered and released his climax, letting the water wash it away. 
In his moment of release, his eyes burned a brighter blue than Wynter had ever seen them, but by the time they were both done, so too had that strange inner flame. He was cool and composed once more, and Wynter yearned for the return of that look in his eye. The sense of something deeper. Something real.
He turned and looked up into the jet of water, letting it cascade down his body while she continued to watch. In fact, she couldn’t peel her eyes away. Not until he’d finished up and left her and Marcella behind. She watched him go right until the last moment and then snapped back to the here and now with a sigh. It was the first time they’d parted, and she hadn’t been glad, and it felt odd to miss him. 
“Was that okay?” Marcella asked her once she’d given Wynter a little space to come back down from her high. “Was it what you wanted?” she added as she shut off the water. 
She was so gentle and timid Wynter wanted to laugh, but instead she stepped closer and placed a deep, appreciative kiss against her lips, her still wet body crushing against Marcella’s. She was so odd. Like she really didn’t know how to be with another person sexually, and not just with women. Everything about Marcella was different now that she was exposed and laid bare. Her bravado and the funny woman Wynter had gotten to know before was gone, and all that remained was a sweet and pure young woman with innocence like that of a child. 
“It was perfect,” she answered when she finally released Marcella from the kiss. “You are perfect.” 
Marcella blushed and smiled coyly but said nothing in response before then leading them out of the shower cubicle to where warm towels awaited them. Wynter moaned appreciatively as she wrapped one around herself. They were huge and like heaven against her sensitive skin. She let out a contented sigh before getting to work on drying off and fluffing her hair as dry as she could get it. Marcella did the same with her deep red shoulder-length hair and then helped her plait it and weave the braid into a bun, and soon they were laughing and joking at how inept she was at trying to style Wynter’s far longer hair. 
She loved spending the time with her though, and Marcella was so sweet it was endearing. Her lithe fingers were gentle, but she kept forgetting herself as she leaned across Wynter’s back, their semi-naked bodies moving against each other’s and the edges of their towels catching one another’s, threatening to fall loose. 
Marcus hadn’t so much as bothered to wait for them as he dried off. He’d just left the women to it, and Wynter caught him watching the two of them through the open doorway with a scowl. She wanted to ask him what the problem was. To demand some kind of explanation. But instead, she smiled at him. 
The games could wait. This, what was happening here between the three of them, was the best thing she could’ve hoped for. Marcella was tending to her with a tactile sort of grace she found she adored, and Marcus, well… he was being his usual brooding self, but still, she quite liked it. 

***

Marcus watched Wynter with a frown, thinking how odd it was that he’d so easily entertained the idea of mutual voyeurism with her, when he’d never once done it before. Especially not with a human. He was a creature of habit and had only tended to his sexual needs with one woman in all his years. The vampire Camilla was marginally younger than he and the pair had come to an arrangement centuries before, so that whenever either of them needed a lover, they would make themselves available immediately. No matter where or when, Marcus had been there for Camilla, and vice versa. 
His body grew restless and in need of release perhaps once or twice per human year, and she was the same. In fact, most vampires were. Their bodies worked slower than their human underlings did. They were creatures without much of an appetite for anything other than the blood coursing through their Blood Slave’s veins. But, now and then, the mood would strike for something more than just the satisfaction a feed would give them. That was when vampires called upon one another to satisfy that urge. It wasn’t that they respected humans too much to defile them, not at all. Far from it. If anything, most vampires saw them as too lowly to be worth their affections, plus there were risks to taking human lovers. It had to be real love or else there were severe consequences. 
There was plenty of his kind that had found someone they truly cared for, of course. When a vampire fell in love, they fell hard, and so were often forced to turn their lover into one of their kind anyway, thanks to a kind of ancient oath each of them had readily taken in order to accept their vampiric transition. Like with all the other elements to their immortal existence, it was magic that had done the deed in creating them. Not God, a demonic force, or a curse, but an undertaking they’d had to accept. A blood pact with the ancient covens and dark mystical forces they were beholden to from the moment they were turned to their eventual demise. 
Blood was a necessity, but anything more was by choice and wasn’t to be taken lightly. It was why he’d refused the Priestess’s insistence that he take Wynter and make her his. Should a vampire make love to a human, their souls would merge and their immortal life would be tied to the other’s fleeting existence. The human would be protected and magically warded, and when they eventually died so too would their loved one, for the witches decreed that should the one you love perish, then surely any true soul mate would wish for the same fate rather than live on without them. 
Instead, vampires turned their lovers before they could grow old, and they would enjoy immortality together as one. Many unions had been forged and whole families of vampires created over the years, but never for Marcus. He’d always remained alone. Never sired a single progeny. Never fallen in love or mated with another. 
Times had changed, along with the morals and values of the humans they fed on, but still, the fundamentals remained the same. If a human wanted to become like him, they could ask for such a change. If accepted by a witch or warlock, their transition would be slow and their actions measured to ensure they were right for the gift being bestowed upon them. The oath was not taken lightly and would override even the most potent Blood Slave curse. The new vampire would be free from the chains of servitude and overnight would become one of the many predators feeding upon the humans in Marcus’s employ. 
None of Marcus’s Blood Slaves knew this truth, though. It was one of their most absolute laws not to reveal how the transition worked, but in the throes of passion, even the strongest of vampires could reveal all to their lover. In a show of the ancient magic, their eyes burned brighter when they gazed upon the one they loved. Their soul, the only link to their former life, and that which had so readily been locked away, would come to life in that moment. Especially during their carnal release and the few seconds afterwards. Then they were helpless. 
The act of making love was sacred to the witches, and they had kept it so even centuries later. 
Even today, a vampire could only take a human to their bed if they truly loved them, and the oath they’d each taken had made it so they could not deceive their soul mate once the deed was done, even if they weren’t yet turned. Any curse a human might be under would be broken. All manipulations would come to an end. The covens believed that to truly love another, then each party must be laid bare, and were willing to force it if necessary. 
Marcus continued to watch as Wynter smiled up at her new friend. One she now knew intimately. She was so free with her sexuality it was a pleasure to see, and yet he couldn’t help feeling covetous. He felt like sending Marcella away but knew he couldn’t without looking like a jealous fool. And so, he forced his feelings aside and locked them tightly away. 
This was dangerous ground, and that was the safest place for them, after all. Like the storybooks always said, true love was the greatest power of all and could break any spell. Falling in love was the biggest risk a vampire could take and was exactly why so many only ever had sex with those of their own kind. Like Marcus, they wouldn’t take even their most prized Blood Slave to their bed. They would let them tend to their needs themselves in private or with another human after the feeding was over, while they ignored those desires and focused only on the needs that must. 
And that was how he’d come to this decision to have another person service his new obsession. Of all the people Marcus had wanted to watch her be with over their day together, though, it was strange that Wynter had chosen Marcella—his undercover priestess. She was the same young girl he’d watched grow and change into a woman under his care and guidance. Someone who had only recently learned what it meant to have a lover touch and pleasure her. And now she was learning new lessons. Changing all over again and exploring her body, giving into new wants and needs. 
It was becoming apparent to him very quickly how the witches didn’t count lesbian love affairs as breaking their sacred oath never to make love to someone they weren’t intending to procreate with. It made sense, given how every witch he’d ever known had been female and only ever used a man to further their bloodline. Never for fun, love, or a long-term liaison. 
Plus, it was something he was now going to bear in mind during his alone time with Wynter. If foreplay wasn’t enough to create an unbreakable merging between them, then he was damn sure he wasn’t going to waste any chance he got to pleasure her. Himself too, just as long as he kept away in the aftermath when he felt weak and his soul was rising to the surface, ready to be laid bare. 
He had felt it when he climaxed in the shower. He’d wanted to go to Wynter and bury himself inside of her, but his willpower had won, and Marcus had held himself back. He was sure he could do it again. Just as long as she didn’t touch him, then all would be well. 

He continued to watch as the two women he still couldn’t quite believe were together left the bathroom and positioned themselves upon the sofa. Marcella was letting her cover slip. She was showing Wynter her true self, and yet there didn’t seem to be any hurt feelings or upset from the latter. 
Wynter seemed open and accepting of her, regardless of her daring and the demeanour of the independent woman she had falsely portrayed to her during the times they had met over the past week. In fact, he sensed no malice in her, only lust and desire. It was almost as if she liked teaching Marcella the intricacies of the female body, and Marcus wondered whether this kind of treatment was exactly what Wynter had needed to ensure she finally felt comfortable at Slave. Every time he had pushed her, she’d fought back, but with Marcella it was different. Wynter was the one pushing. She was doing the leading and appeared to be in her element with having someone so ready to follow her. 
As he watched, Marcella climbed up higher on the sofa so that she was kneeling behind Wynter, and she leaned over her from behind, kissing her neck. Her hands danced over Wynter’s supple breasts, and she shot Marcus a look that spoke a thousand meanings. She was enjoying this and knew he was, too. 
Marcus wondered if she had planned it this way. If she had swayed Warren into refusing Wynter’s request and then had swooped in to claim the prize she too had been drawn to? Was it inevitable that they all might love Wynter in the end? His Priestess had issued Marcus with a forewarning to take her as his own or lose her forever in the arms of another. Would it be to Marcella herself? Would they fall in love and his powerful witch would defy him after all her coven had done? 
As he stood there deliberating, she climbed down and soon had her mouth between Wynter’s parted thighs. Marcella was lapping at her, building another impending orgasm, and he could sense her desire building as well. She wanted Wynter to return the favour but was too shy to ask her for it. Sex, or at least the semblance of it she now knew could exist between two women, was something Marcella apparently wanted, and especially with his most prized possession.
After Wynter’s next climax, she didn’t hesitate or ask for permission to return the favour. Marcus watched as she took charge and soon had Marcella panting and writhing against her mouth atop the sofa. The atmosphere was heady and tense, and when the powerful witch cried out with her release, it wasn’t just her eyes that grew brighter. Her entire body seemed to shine for a moment, and he was glad Wynter hadn’t appeared to notice. 
Damn, that woman was a sight to behold, though. She was bent over Marcella and was stark naked, her body completely on show to him. And still she had all the power. He would not touch her there. He couldn’t. It was too dangerous.
Marcus felt as though he was running around in circles again, trying to piece it all together. Marcella had foreseen something. A life-altering change was on the horizon, and all centred on Wynter. He wished he knew more than just the fragmented prophecies he’d pieced together with his own thoughts and the experiences he’d had with her under his wing the previous week. There was still much for him to learn, but overall, he knew he had to trust that Marcella would make him proud. 
He didn’t know where their future lay, but he knew he would be a fool not to cherish every moment he had with both his coveted new slave and his powerful ally. She would come through for him in the end. His Priestess always did.
After all their years together and him having entertained her request to live as a human and work for him, Marcella had become a woman in just a matter of days. While still in her ceremonial robes, she had taken Jack over and over again until the pains within her had subsided, signifying the conception of the next generation of witch. Her human lover adored her now and pined for the woman he hadn’t even been allowed to kiss, touch, or see while she’d taken him. Jack would never be the same again, just like Patrick hadn’t been after conceiving Marcella with his old priestess. 
And yet already, she had moved on. Little had Jack known that he was making a child with the same woman he had worked with for almost two years, but there was no point in him revealing the truth. Marcus knew Marcella had no intention of showing her true self to him. She was now released from the virginal binds that had once shackled her, and it appeared his priestess was eager to indulge her womanly needs in as many other ways as she could. 
And while she took care of those needs, so too would he. Wynter had been given a long enough reprieve. 
It was time he fed again. 


Seventeen

Wynter woke up late that afternoon with a big stretch and a loud yawn. She expected to find Marcella still lying beside her on the sofa where they’d eventually fallen asleep together, but she was gone and Wynter looked around for her in a panic. Marcus wasn’t there either, and she immediately clambered up and pulled one of the thin cotton nightdresses from out the nearby drawer. As she was pulling it on, she heard a pair of voices and halted, listening intently. 
“Unlike you, to succumb to the pleasures of man. Or should that be, woman?” Marcus was saying, and she heard Marcella laugh. 
Wynter froze and listened closely, desperate to hear what Marcella had truly thought of their time together. She herself had enjoyed every moment of it and would gladly do it again sometime, but then again, she also knew she wasn’t gay. While it had been fun, she didn’t want to lead Marcella on or make her think there was anything to it, other than them having spent a day following Marcus’s orders and her friend having come through for her when it’d mattered the most. 
“It was time,” she replied dreamily, “and she was worth it. Just a bit of fun with a beautiful woman who gave me everything I needed and more.” 
Wynter sighed in relief. Yes, it’d been fun all right, and she was glad Marcella thought of it the same way. It was nice knowing there would be no hurt feelings now that their liaison was over. 
She also couldn’t stop her thoughts from going to Warren and his embarrassing refusal to help her. God, she was mortified. She wasn’t sure she could even face him that evening when it was time to work again and looked at the clock, wishing the time would slow a little. 
What a change in her, she thought. Just days before, she had come to love her night-time work and hated the days she had spent feeding Marcus, whereas now she was exactly the opposite. Had he done it on purpose? Had he somehow known to push her and her friends and watch them crack? 
Wynter told herself it was impossible, but then again, nothing was impossible where the devious vampire was concerned. 
“Yes, just a bit of fun…” Marcus was saying, and Wynter got the feeling he was interrogating Marcella somewhat. “And something worth repeating or not?” 
“Perhaps, if my lord commands it,” Marcella answered, and Wynter thought it odd how she’d addressed Marcus. How old fashioned. 
“And what of the baby?” he asked, making Wynter freeze in shock. Marcella was pregnant? She hadn’t said anything before, and she just hoped their exploits wouldn’t have hurt things in any way. Surely not, given how much they had both enjoyed themselves? Not once had Marcella had to stop or ask Wynter to be gentle, so she had to have been sure.
“She will come, as babies do,” Marcella answered him with a teasing edge to her tone, “but I assure you, I am quite well and the pregnancy did not get in my way.” 
“Oh, I noticed,” Marcus answered, “now go, get some rest.” 
Wynter heard Marcella leave, and she waited, listening to see if she could figure out what Marcus’s next move was going to be. She got her answer when he appeared behind her as though he had moved as fast as lightening. 
“Shit!” she cried, making him laugh, “you scared me.” 
“That’s what you get for snooping,” he replied. 
“I didn’t mean to…” Wynter stammered, “I woke up and didn’t want to intrude.” 
“It’s fine,” he told her, batting the subject away as if he truly didn’t care. “It was nothing private. In fact, it’s better that you know of Marcella’s condition.” 
Wynter nodded and then found herself stepping closer to Marcus, suddenly needing to touch him. To have him hold her. He reacted just the way she’d dared hope for and wrapped her in his arms. She then nestled herself against him and breathed him in, thinking it strange how he was neither warm nor cold, but almost imperceptibly temperate, and how still he remained. Like a waxwork model or something. 
“What’s wrong?” she whimpered. Wynter then pulled her head back and peered up at him. “Were you not pleased with us?”
Marcus answered by brushing the stray strands of hair from her exposed neck thoughtfully, stroking his way across her skin more times than had to have been necessary, but she didn’t mind. It was nice to have him touch her so delicately. 
“Yes, but you were both more focused on pleasuring yourselves than pleasing me, Wynter.” 
Her first instinct was to pander to him. To beg Marcus for forgiveness and ask how she might make it up to him, but then another voice in the back of her mind reminded her he had pushed for this. He had forced it upon her and she didn’t need to ask his forgiveness in the slightest. The second voice won the internal battle to control her response and Wynter let out a small, forced laugh. 
“I came, and you drank, over and over,” she reminded him with a smile. “That was what you wanted, and I delivered it. The rest was up to me to do as I pleased.” 
A smile curled at Marcus’s lips, and Wynter felt a pang of fear echo through her when he let it spread across his entire face. 
“And so, you became my whore,” he countered, and her heart sunk. He was right. Not even one week previously, she’d told David that she was not going to whore herself out to the boss talking in his earpiece. And now look at her, still reeling from a day spent fucking one of her colleagues for that same boss’s enjoyment. “Shall I show you what I do to my whores, Wynter?” Marcus asked, but he didn’t wait for her answer. 
He pushed her away and charged for the chest of drawers she’d plucked the nightgown from, where he opened the bottom drawer, pulled out a day dress and tossed it to her. 
Wynter yanked the old-fashioned nightie off and threw it to the floor in a huff and then waited for him to throw her some underwear. He didn’t. Marcus simply watched her with a scowl, his brows furrowed atop those impossibly bright blue eyes. 
She couldn’t hold his gaze, and so looked down at the cotton dress in her hands. She wanted to cry. She’d seen the pattern and style before and knew exactly where he’d bought it. Madam Brigitte’s. Her favourite boutique dress shop and the place she had frequented in a former life. She’d only been able to window-shop there for months due to her lack of funds, and at some point in the last week, he’d sent someone to buy her clothes from there. He’d known she’d love them and had bought them for her, and now she’d tainted his gift by being rude. 
“Thank you,” she mumbled, stroking the soft fabric. “I’m sorry. You don’t have to show me anything. I was wrong, and you were right.” There was no part of her that wanted to fight him, but that didn’t seem to matter. 
“Too late for saying sorry, Wynter. Just put the fucking dress on.” 
She hated how he could go from one extreme to the next. One moment he’d been so sweet and kind, but now he was back to being impossibly cruel again, and she loathed his ability to turn his emotions off so easily.
Fighting back her tears, Wynter pulled the dress over her head, letting it fall around her, and then buttoned it up at the front. The vintage style was perfect for her shape and size. It cinched in the middle and was low cut enough to be provocative without being slutty, and the sleeves fell in a delicate cascade over each shoulder before tightening around the tops of her arms. Luckily, the dress was long enough that she didn’t feel exposed, given her lack of underwear, and when she was done, she turned away from Marcus so she could slip on her shoes. 
The moment she was ready, he had her back in his grasp and was soon leading Wynter over to the elevator. Every move he made had her jumping out of her skin. He went to press the call button, and she flinched, and when he yanked her into the lift and pinned her to the mirrored wall, she cried out and shook her head. Wynter knew he was going to punish her. Was he going to force her into bed with someone? Turn her into a proper whore without any of the choices being her own this time? She couldn’t stand not knowing and began to tremble and cry. 
“Please, Marcus,” she whimpered, “let’s just spend this time together. Let me feed you,” Wynter tried, and against all her inner commands to run or to fight him off her, she curled her body against his and placed her hands up on his shoulders, her fingers lightly rubbing his neck just above the collar of his polo shirt. 
He pressed an urgent kiss to her lips in answer and then grabbed her behind so roughly Wynter knew it would bruise, but she didn’t care. She gave herself to him and forced herself to be silent as Marcus lifted her up into his hold and then perched her up on the wooden handrail that went around the middle of the wall. He could have whatever he wanted, just as long as they remained alone.
He pulled away just long enough to press the stop button and halt the elevator’s descent, locking them inside and somewhere between floors. And then he was on her again. Wynter was left panting, and she flushed with heat, but desperately tried to force those feelings away. Marcus needed to know it wasn’t about sex, but about her willingness to be one of his special slaves. One of his chosen few that were his alone and he didn’t share.
Shit, she thought. That was exactly the point. He’d wanted her to have some fun, but then had to have been jealous in the end because she’d had too much fun. Marcus didn’t want to share at all, and he was willing to scare her into not wanting to go elsewhere, either. 
Her legs opened wider at his command and she then did exactly as he directed, without question or argument. Marcus was calling the shots, and she knew she had to let him. The curse aside, Wynter’s sense of self-preservation was doing the leading, and she was more than happy to let it. 
She expected him to bite and feed, but Marcus surprised her again by burying his face in her pussy, rather than over his usual spot on her thigh. Wynter squealed and writhed when he lapped at her clit, and even when she felt the razor-sharp sting of his tongue cutting her down there, she continued in desperation and need. His careful licks changed to deep sucks as he began to drink from her, and Wynter became like a woman possessed. She cried out and reached down, unable to stop herself from pressing Marcus harder against her. He responded by taking more and more of her, and she gave it perfectly willingly. 
When she came, she felt as though she might pass out. She saw stars and was in a euphoric high, but then reached the other side of her climax with a thud. Her head was pounding and her core ached, and she peered down to find Marcus still feeding from her. Panic rose in her chest, and she tried to squirm away, but his hold was absolute, and he wouldn’t stop drinking. She screamed and called his name over and over, but he paid her no attention at all. He was lost, just like she’d been warned he would be, and death would soon be the only option left for her if he carried on this way.
A question entered her mind. Was she willing to give him everything? Would she happily die right here and now if he decided to drain her dry? 
The answer was no. The curse was working on her yes, but not fully enough that he’d won, and she was done for. She was still her own person and wasn’t going to let her life come to an end like this. “I resign,” she mumbled, and then took a deep breath and forced herself to speak up, ignoring the blackness behind her eyes threatening to drag her under. “Marcus Cole, I wish to invoke my rights to resign and terminate my employment.” 
With a hiss, he pulled himself back and then clambered away, as though she’d struck him. He shook his head repeatedly, staring at her in shock. But Wynter was having none of it. She could feel his curse breaking somewhere deep inside of her and knew she was on her way to becoming her own person again. Not his slave. Not even his employee. Just Wynter. Penniless and miserable Wynter, but at least she’d be free. And alive.
“No,” he cried, peering up at her in surprise. As if he couldn’t quite believe she’d managed it. Marcus looked weak there on his knees, and she felt sorry for him. Part of her wanted to stay, but Wynter knew it was foolish to want it. Just because she’d felt safe there and loved the work didn’t mean she could overlook the rest of the awful nonsense that went on inside Marcus’s club. 
Ignoring his pleas, Wynter pushed the button that restarted their descent and the lift shuddered back to life. They arrived on the first floor a few moments later and Wynter stormed out, but Marcus was hot on her heels. Plus, she was weak from her blood loss, and he was still far stronger than she’d ever be, and before she could get more than a few feet away, Marcus had her up off her feet and in his arms. 
Wynter fought back and didn’t stop. She was her own person again, and he had no sway over her, and she saw the handful of security guys watching her in surprise from the doorway that she knew would lead to her ultimate freedom. 
“No!” she screamed, “get off me. Let me go.” Marcus didn’t listen to a word. He carried her further into the club and through the huge double doors that led to what would later be the dance floor. Where writhing bodies had once enveloped her was instead a set of leather beds, and atop each were two humans who were fucking like their lives depended on it. They were bound to each other at the waist, ensuring they couldn’t part their bodies from one another, and each wrist had been cuffed to the bedside in readiness for the next feed. It was the most awful sight Wynter had ever seen, and she wanted to scream. 
Marcus let her go and when she turned away, he whisked her around, so she was forced to see them in all their sexually depraved glory. They were people she knew or had seen around the offices, and she cringed and tried again to look away, but it was no use. Marcus had her face in his grasp from behind and he kept her looking forwards by force. 
“Whores,” he then growled in her ear, as if she hadn’t already guessed. “I have whores by the plenty, Wynter, and while they fuck each other my clients drink from them.” As if on cue, the next round of patrons were positioned by each wrist and they immediately began to feed. The people on the beds didn’t seem to notice. They simply succumbed to their euphoria and closed their eyes, smiling to themselves as they rode the new high. 
“I won’t be your whore, Marcus,” Wynter demanded, earning herself a gruff laugh. 
“No, you won’t,” he agreed, his voice sending a shiver down her spine. “But you will be my slave. You may have, by some miracle, broken the curse, but I can still force you to do as I command. I have other methods at my disposal.” 
“Just admit you’ve lost,” she replied, feeling braver by the second now that his curse had indeed lifted. “I’ll never be yours again. I’m going to leave here and never come back.” 
Marcus didn’t respond. She sensed rage rolling off him in waves, but he didn’t bite, so to speak. Instead, he lifted Wynter off the ground again and carried her away. He stopped only once they’d left the main dance floor and had gone into the smaller one at the back, which was used as a chill-out room when she’d been there on a weekend night. 
He settled Wynter back on her feet and it took her a few moments to decipher what it was she was seeing. A boxing ring was in the centre of the room but she couldn’t properly see what was going on inside thanks to the huge array of onlookers who were shouting and calling to the people inside. 
Then, as if Marcus had somehow willed them to part, the vampires each moved out of her line of sight and Wynter saw at last what it was they were watching. Warren was in there and he was laying punches at someone curled into a ball on the ground. Hope speared through Wynter’s gut that it was a vampire he’d successfully fended off, but then she saw the guy’s face and recognised him as one of the security guards she’d come across during the past week. 
A whistle blew and Warren retreated right away, but the poor guy on the floor wasn’t quite so lucky. He was then dragged out of the ring and straight into the arms of an awaiting vampire, who didn’t waste a moment in getting her fill of his blood. 
“Friday’s is humans battling it out. Winner stays on, loser feeds,” Marcus then explained to her, and Wynter cringed. She peered up at Warren and could see he was struggling with what he had just done. He couldn’t even look at the man he had won against. “Your boy hates to win. But losing makes him feel worse. Like he’s less of a man to have a bloodsucker taking his strength from him while he can do nothing to fight back.”
“You quote him like you know,” she retorted. 
“I know everything,” Marcus answered, as if it should’ve been obvious. “Such as how you have feelings for him, and he you,” he added, and while Wynter felt butterflies spring to life in her belly, she still shook her head. 
“He refused me. He walked away even after he’d told me he was going to help. I can’t trust him, and I don’t care for him.” 
“Liar.” 
Marcus was right. Seeing Warren up there, half naked and dripping with sweat and blood from what had to have been numerous fights, he was masculine, dangerous, and hot as hell. Wynter still wanted him, even if he had let her down. “Warren refused because he cares too much about you to accept your body in such a disrespectful way. He didn’t want to have me feeding from you while he made love to you. He wanted it to be special. Real…”
“Now who’s lying?” Wynter countered, but Marcus shook his head and smiled. 
He was telling the truth. Warren did want her, but in the right way. She could see it now and felt awful for having thought of him so badly whilst with Marcella. Their liaison had truly meant nothing, while time with Warren would’ve meant everything, and evidently to them both. 
Raw emotion flooded Wynter’s spent body, and she knew it was more than lust or passion, but something meaningful. Something that would last long beyond that day or any other. Perhaps it was even a spark of real love? It was the first time she had felt anything for anyone since her ex had done his damage, and Wynter despaired at the thought of leaving Warren behind should she do as she had threatened and walk away from Slave without ever looking back. 
She peered back up at him and watched him ready himself for another fight. His mind was gone, his gaze empty, and Wynter knew he’d gone onto autopilot in a bid to do whatever he needed to in order to survive his overtime shift. He would sacrifice the others to save himself being fed on, and Wynter couldn’t blame him. 
“He might win every fight today and get through it without having to feed, but tomorrow it’s Warren versus any vampire willing to pay for a fight with him. He always loses and they always feed. Stay with me and I’ll make sure they’re gentle. Leave, and I’ll give them permission to take more than just their fill. I’ll let them drink him dry and leave him for dead. And all because you chose your freedom over his life.” 
“No, you can’t do that!” Wynter croaked, and Marcus yanked her away, twisting her to face him. He then dropped his voice and pulled her closer to him, but this time, she felt none of that old spark between them. All she felt was hate. Disgust. Loathing. 
Marcus looked positively delighted and shook his head, breathing her in.
“I can end his life anytime I want, and I will. He’s disposable. They all are,” he corrected her. 
“Then why not kill me too and be done with this pretence? Surely I’m an embarrassment now that I’ve successfully broken your curse?” 
“Because I wasn’t talking about you,” Marcus answered, and she caught him eyeing her darkly. He was somehow pleased with himself. Far from the embarrassed loser she’d expected after having been bested. “You must realise by now that you’re different?” 
“I got the hint, yeah,” she replied snidely. Wynter tried to walk away, but Marcus grabbed her hand and yanked her back into his hold. He breathed her in again and smiled. His eyes even flashed brightly for half a second, just like they had previously. 
“Why hadn’t I thought of it before? To have a real captive, not someone under my spell, but someone who fights back? Someone whose blood ripples with hate and anguish, yet who cannot ever leave me?”
Wynter began to tremble. She shook her head and pulled back, her sorrow eating her up inside. Marcus let her go long enough for her to turn and look back at Warren, who was back to beating up his next victim in the ring. She couldn’t take her eyes off him.
Could she live with walking away in the knowledge that Marcus would surely take out his loss on him? The answer was no. No matter how cold her past experiences with men had made her, she simply couldn’t live another day if Warren was dead because of her. 
Wynter turned back to Marcus and glowered at him. 
“Don’t tell him,” she spat, “don’t tell any of them.”
“An interesting proposition,” he replied, and rubbed his chin thoughtfully, his smile never faltering. “What are your terms?”  
“I’ll continue to work for you and will stay here the three days we’d previously agreed, but won’t be shackled or treated like a prisoner. Only you and I will know the truth about the curse.” 
“And my priestess,” he replied, and Wynter frowned. She had no idea who that was, but figured it had to be the person in charge of his vile hex and the reign he had created using it. She shrugged and nodded. “What do I get in return for allowing you such freedom?” 
“What?” Wynter demanded. “You’re getting to feed from me and treat me like a slave, even though I’m no longer under your spell. What more do I have to give?” 
“Your unending loyalty,” Marcus answered, “love me or hate me. I will have your compliance and your devotion. If you try and run, I will kill your precious Warren. And then I’ll move onto other people you care for. Starting with your dear friend Cossette, and then your mother…”


Eighteen

How hadn’t he seen it before? Hadn’t realised just how sweet the victory would be to have a true slave at his disposal? No curse that made her mask that pain with love, but pure hatred, and all of it directed at him. Marcus was enraptured with her. Wynter despised him with every breath she took and didn’t even attempt to hide it, and he savoured that flavour more than if she were the most splendid morsel who ever had lived. In fact, she probably now was. 
Their deal struck. He led her away and back upstairs to his office. Past the guards who were watching them both in intrigue, wondering to themselves what it could possibly be that they had seen before when he’d charged past with her slung over him like a ragdoll. 
Marcus sent a wave of power their way. A renewed sense of devotion washed over each of them and the team of guards soon forgot what they’d seen. Like Wynter had said, only the pair of them would know the truth. She would keep the secret because to her, the alternative was worse. Even worth truly enslaving herself for. 
Marcus knew he’d drank too much before, but in that elevator he had turned wild with lust and greed for Wynter and her delectable blood. He’d thought he could handle anything, and then in a second, all of that had changed. He was lucky she was even still standing after everything he’d taken. But it was her own damn fault. She’d climaxed for him against his orders, and his predatory urges had well and truly kicked in. The ancient vampire hadn’t been able to control himself and knew he wouldn’t have stopped without force. Luckily for them both, Wynter had gone into survival mode and, because of her creeping closer to death, she’d been able to take charge of her fate at last. She had fought him off and lifted the curse, and her body had then pumped with enough adrenaline to keep her on her feet in the aftermath. But now, her strength was waning. 
Her body, lacking in its essential blood cells, was doing its usual thing of crashing after a feed. Wynter was struggling to keep up with him as he marched her back upstairs, and so Marcus yanked her up into his arms again and held her to him. She struggled against his hold, only serving to make him smile wider and so he held her closer, but then she succumbed to the rest she so desperately needed and was asleep against him before they’d even reached his office. 
There, he let her sleep. They had time and he could drink some more before their working night began, and so he got to work on a new plan. A brand new arrangement that would ensure she stuck to her word and wouldn’t try to defy him again. 
After all, that was the second time now that she’d gotten her own way. Anyone else and they’d be good and dead, but with her, Marcus couldn’t stay angry. He had suffered a minor defeat, but had gained something even better. All the hexed, willing slaves in the world couldn’t match up to what he now had at his command. 

***

Wynter woke with a start, having felt what seemed like a hand pressing down against her chest. Judging by the force of it, she felt like she’d just been punched, but when she shot awake to fend off whoever was apparently attacking her, she found herself alone and in total darkness. Wynter felt immersed by the blackness though, as if it wasn’t natural, and felt panic beginning to rise in her chest. Was she dead? Had her body crashed so hard she’d slipped away into the abyss of the afterlife?
Tears pricked at her eyes and she rubbed the aching spot on her chest. She felt real. Still alive, at least. 
“Marcus?” she whimpered, and was met with nothing but icy silence. 
“He’s gone, for now,” a deep, ominous voice eventually whispered. The sound was otherworldly and resonated as if it were both in her ears and across the room at the same time, and Wynter wrapped her arms around herself in an attempt to shield her body from whoever it had come from. 
“Are…” she replied in a shaky whisper, “are you his witch?” 
“His Priestess?” the voice answered, sending another chill down Wynter’s spine. “Yes, of course.” 
She clutched at the still aching spot between her breasts and frowned. 
“Did you hurt me?” 
“A simple tracking spell, my love,” came the voice again, and Wynter shuddered but then quickly became annoyed. How dare she? After everything Wynter had agreed to do and carry on doing for Marcus! “You don’t approve?” the Priestess mused, laughing to herself. 
“Of course I don’t approve,” Wynter snapped, “I made him a promise and intend to follow through with it.” 
“And of course, you’re a woman of your word, Wynter…” 
“What’s that supposed to—”
“You lie to everyone, including yourself. You pretend you don’t care. That you’re happier being closed-off and alone, but it’s all a lie.” 
Wynter bristled and tried to look around again. She was quickly growing less and less fond of this priestess and was about ready to tell her where she could shove her assumptions. 
“Everyone does that,” she retorted, “so I suggest you realise what the fuck century you’re living in and deal with the fact that every human in it is a walking disaster.” 
Hands were suddenly wrapped around her throat and Wynter struggled, clasping in vain at them to try and release their tight grip. She pleaded and begged, and then tried to fight back, but it was no use. The Priestess had a mighty grasp, and it appeared she wasn’t against using it, even on Marcus’s favourite Blood Slave. 
“We’ve seen you,” she whispered in Wynter’s ear, and her voice sounded like that of twenty different people all rolled into one. As if it weren’t one woman talking, but many. “Seen your future, Wynter. It isn’t pretty.” 
As stars glittered in front of her eyes, Wynter was aware of her mind slipping away, and yet a vision came to her. Clearly, and as if she were seeing it for real. 

Blood was everywhere. On the walls. On her. In her mouth. Wynter could taste it and instead of recoiling, she let out a satisfied moan and licked her fingertips clean. Then, at the sound of the lift arriving, she turned to find Marcus as he strolled in casually from the open doorway. 
He laughed and shook his head playfully. 
“I forgot just how hungry new vampires are.” 
“I need more,” Wynter groaned, and she lunged for him, biting playfully at the hard skin on his neck. 
“You’ll not get any satisfaction drinking from me, my darling,” he replied, peeling her away. 
“Then bring me a slave,” she replied. 
“I have,” Marcus told her, summoning a guest she somehow hadn’t sensed was there from the waiting elevator. It was Warren who stepped out, his face contorted with rage, and yet Wynter could smell the fear rolling off him in delicious waves. 
“So it’s true? You really are one of them? A bloodsucker,” he chastised, and Wynter lunged for him. Without a care, she drank and drank. Gulped every last drop down and then lifted her head just in time to hear the last beat of Warren’s heart before he finally slipped away. 
“Yes, and you’re nothing but the dinner,” Wynter teased his lifeless corpse before peeling herself away and jumping up into Marcus’s awaiting arms. She kissed him tenderly and then peered into his eyes, the hues of them turning brighter and more vibrant as he looked back at her. Their souls were one now. Their fates united. Merged. Forever. 

Wynter came back around with a garbled cry. Her strange dream. Snippets of that nightmare had been the exact same as this vision, and now they had been pieced together. It was real. How hadn’t she realised before? Why hadn’t she seen how it was not a dream at all, but a foretelling? Something that she ought to have considered a warning, rather than just a strange hallucination. 
She tried to speak, but there was nothing, and as a second vision invaded her senses, Wynter realised how her future couldn’t necessarily be so clearly laid out for her. Perhaps there was a choice. An alternative. 

The full moon shone overhead, and Wynter was in the arms of a dark figure. His features were indiscernible, but he was holding her close, like he loved her. She then turned and peered up into his face with a smile. She loved him, too.
“I choose you,” she then told him, “only you. Let’s run away.” 
“He’ll never let us go,” the man answered her, “he might kill us for trying, but I’m willing to do it if it means we can be together.”
“Me too…” 

Wynter came back around again with a frown, and then watched as whatever darkness was covering them lifted to reveal a completely shrouded woman. The Priestess. She no longer had her hands around her throat. She was simply watching her from beneath her cape, her face and body entirely hidden from view. 
“You will either be his saviour or his undoing, Wynter Armstrong. Whichever path you take leads you to heartache, pain, and loss in one way or another. Neither will be easy.” 
“I’ll never let that happen,” Wynter groaned, still feeling tired and uneasy. “If there are variances, then it means my future isn’t set in stone. I can change it,” she tried, but the Priestess said nothing. She just walked away and then disappeared out of sight before Wynter could so much as clamber out of the makeshift bed atop the large sofa to confront her further.

***

When six-pm finally rolled around and Marcus released her for the night, Wynter was even more of a mess than she had been earlier. She’d earned her freedom and then lost it again within the hour, but that wasn’t what was playing on her mind the most. It was that awful vision of her as a vampire. Why had that priestess shown her it? To stop it from coming true? Or perhaps to show her that it was inevitable and she would remain Marcus’s possession even if the day came that he gave her immortality? 
Either way, Wynter felt like she was done for. She contemplated ending it all, but was too much of a coward. She wanted to talk to someone, anyone, yet didn’t know where to turn. All she could do was lock herself in her office and cry. The tears came, and they didn’t stop for the longest time. Not even when she could hear someone pounding on the door from the other side. And not when her phone rang over and over again on the desk. 
Eventually, she stood and went to look out of the window at the clubbers below. She envied each and every one of them and wished for a different future. 
Seven days before this, she too had been down there, innocently going about her business and trying to enjoy herself, regardless of her limited funds. She’d been yearning for something to change. An opportunity to present itself. Never had she thought that opportunity might come in the form of a new vampire boss who would dominate every moment of her days and nights since. 
“Your wish came true, you silly bitch,” she chastised her sour reflection in the glass. “So now what? Choose Marcus and become that monster you saw? Or choose anything else and bring his punishment down on you and everyone you love?” 
“Or you can choose option number three…” a voice told her from behind, and Wynter spun around to find a woman there who had somehow managed to get inside her locked office. She went to her, but the woman disappeared, like some kind of a foggy apparition. 
“No, don’t go!” Wynter cried, “tell me, please.” 
The woman reappeared, but this time she was over on the other side of the room where Wynter had initially been stood.
“Follow him, your tormentor, and he will lead you to me. But do not let his soul merge with yours. When his eyes glow, it means he’s calling to you, and your body will be powerless to refuse him, as will your soul. You will become his immortal bride if you do not escape, and there’s only one way to do that. You must sever your connection with him completely.” 
“How?” 
“I will show you, but not yet. Bide your time. All you have to do is follow him, for now…” 



The end of book one in the Blood Slave series…

About the Author

Eden Wildblood is setting out on a journey to tell her dark stories to the world. She devours horror movies and books, and listens to heavy metal, and yet always wonders why people are still surprised when she reveals her dark side. 
But now, she’s using that part of herself to bring that darkness to life. To share her soul with the world… 

Find out more about Eden by following her on Facebook
www.facebook.com/edenwildblood


