


The Shrine of Arthis 
Book One: The Power of Denial
David A. Gustafson













Copyright © 2016 David Gustafson

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

ISBN 978-0-9973242-1-1








To those who never tire from day dreaming.

Table of Contents

Prologue 
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13





Prologue


 “Lower the amulet, Delia. I’ll make sure that it sinks deep into the crystal,” Gara laughed, her eyes aglow with ruddy gold, the telltale of the power called Amber. “His essence will be locked here, forever. Do it!”
Delia’s eyes flashed with bluish Sapphire. Ignoring her sister, she looked upon the huge block of quartz before them while from her outstretched left hand the talisman dangled above the rock’s cold surface. Suspended by a fine chain, the oval shaped gem glittered with a myriad of color as it swung unsteadily. 
A few steps away Gara waited, not alone, but flanked by two other women.
“Are you certain, My Sisters?” Delia responded. “Once I drop it, like a glass of wine emptied into a river, it cannot be recovered.”
“Get on with it!” exclaimed one of the other women. Her eyes shone from within, bright with green Emerald. “If we don’t do this, even in death Father’s spirit will haunt us. He will manipulate the earth powers against us. We have no choice. This is the only way for us to be rid of him. Yes, independent at last.”
“No one must ever know,” Gara said still laughing. “This place must be hidden. We must combine our earth powers one last time; use them to create four layers of defense. No one must come to this mountain.”
“Only a team of Master Shapers working together will pass through our maze,” Glada replied, then hesitated, “or a mighty Blender, one able to command all the earth powers.”
“Their day has passed!” Rhinda said, her eyes white with Opal. “Rejoice, My Dears.  Know that our descendants can now excel in the mold we have each chosen. Each city will be blessed within its singular earth power. Never shall any of our Foedan brethren reach this summit and learn what we have done today.”
“Then let it be done,” Delia said. 
As her hand moved lower and the amulet approached the hard quartz, the block’s surface seemed to grow soft. The oval shaped talisman glittered more brightly with the colors of the four earth powers as it descended. For an instant Delia paused. Then with eyes closed she released the chain from her grasp and the object disappeared, swallowed up like a stone dropped into a puddle on a moonless night. 
Each of the four sisters studied the others. Grimly they smiled, turned and walked away. Descending from the Summit, they did not look back...





BOOK ONE:

The Power of Denial








Chapter 1: Walls and Bridges


Jerrid lay and watched a shadow crawl down the wall of his bedroom. As if chased by demons, the line that separated darkness from moonlight advanced. Soon it would reach the floor and begin progressing across the floor toward the foot of his bed.
“It’s going to be a long night,” he whispered. Clad only in his undershorts, he sat up and turned his muscled frame toward the window. “Where is Axel? He should have been here by now.” The moon’s brilliance illuminated the empty courtyard outside. The surrounding stone buildings and the cliff ledge upon which the small city was poised coldly glowed with its reflected light.
“The crimson hides,” Jerrid added, turning from the window. Behind tufts of unkempt hair his deep-set eyes displayed a distinct golden luster. “But there will be no rest tonight.” He settled back against a pillow and resumed his surveillance of the opposite wall. 
The outer doorway that led into his flat from the courtyard opened a short time later.
 “I thought you’d be asleep by now,” a familiar voice called from the parlor. The shuffle of footsteps followed and in a moment, a man stood within the bedroom’s arched doorway. 
Jerrid touched a fist-sized globe of crystal that sat atop his nightstand. Light began to build within the rounded object’s core.
“I’m glad to see that your mother is resting,” the man continued after glancing back toward an adjacent room. “That’s a good sign. I worry about her on nights like this, much as I do you.” His eyes also sparkled with flecks of gold.
 “There’s no sleep in me tonight,” Jerrid answered, somewhat surprised by how worn his grandfather sounded. “Not with this full moon.” 
“Forget the moon.” Axel’s frown made his face appear even more wrinkled than normal.
“I wish I could.” Jerrid’s eyes took on a hue like molten copper. “So many full moons in the last five years; I wish I could forget them all. But tonight’s is different. Even without closing my eyes, I keep seeing myself high above Garth atop the Court Wall. I remember the monsters, the iron bars they swung, their eyes glowing like red coals.”
“That evil night has long passed,” Axel interrupted. “You were just a twelve-year-old boy. In the years since, we’ve all had to overcome scars. Though I recall the pain, especially when I look into your mother’s lightless eyes,” the old man hesitated, “I remind myself that the worst is behind us.”
“The worst is yet to come,” Jerrid said. “You know that nothing can stop them. No arrow or spear can pierce their black mail. They battered Garth’s outer gate to rubble and crushed the stone-wall the Shapers threw up. You know what happened then.”
“Enough,” Axel said.
“They took their souls,” Jerrid blurted, “my mother and the others. I still hear their screams. I still see the beasts holding them down, exposing their Amber and then taking their earthpower. In my dreams I’ve watched many times. And though I know what’s going to happen, I quail because I cannot save them.”
“No one expected you to save them,” Axel whispered. “That is what I was supposed to do.”
“The second gate held,” Jerrid continued, not listening, “barely.”
“It was the dawn, Son. That’s what stopped them.” Axel seemed listless. “The gates only slowed them…, just long enough for daylight to arrive.”
“Or more would have perished,” Jerrid added. He remembered that as sunrise chased away the Sortiri attackers, one of the creatures cast a final look upward at the high walls of the city. And their eyes met. The connection haunted him still. “So don’t ask me to rest. I have work to do. I can’t believe we didn’t get the gate finished today!”
 “I know it’s frustrating. We’ve been working a long time,” Axel said. “But the machinery needed to raise the span of a drawbridge is complicated. We’re close, you know. We just ran out of time. Telmin and Rory are keeping watch tonight. When the next full moon comes we won’t need to worry. We’ll just close up the gate and no one will ever guess that there is a city up here.”
“I don’t want to wait. Let’s go back to work, now,” Jerrid pressed. “I heard Telmin at dinner. The pins should be ready. So if he’s already down there we may as well get back at it, keep going until we get the thing closed up. After that, I’ll try to sleep.”
“We’ve discussed this, Jerrid.” Axel groaned, tired and ready to rest after another day of labor.  “For tonight, we have to trust again to our true defense. The Sortiri know nothing of our new city. As long as that is true, Yargis is safe.”
 “I will not sleep tonight.” The young man’s tone was blunt. His eyes shined ever more brightly as he rose and began to dress: leather breeches, woolen tunic and leather vest. Lastly, he strapped a belt around his waist. It supported a leather pouch that rested above his right hip. With a deep breath, he placed his hand upon the pouch.
“I’m sorry, Grandfather. Everything I once knew is lost to me. Even my father knows nothing about me; that you loaned me these shaping tools. Sometimes they are my only comfort.”
“I didn’t loan them to you.” Axel smiled. “Passed down from one Shaper to another, they have long helped the Amber Foedan focus the earthpower to the level needed to perform the most intense stonework. The other set is with Tecan. Your father counts on his Master Shaper to build up Garth’s defenses. I gave them to you for the same reason. Your power to shape stone has amazed everyone, except me.”
 “I appreciate everything you’ve taught me.” Jerrid’s tone was earnest, but impatient. “Without your help I’d still be learning simple tasks. But sometimes, you know, it gets lonely here. I keep wondering when my father and Tecan will visit us again and see the progress we’ve made.”
A look of pain crossed over Axel’s face. “Jerrid, there’s something I should tell you,” he stammered. “The last time they were here, two years it’s been, they mentioned that it might be too risky for them to return. Your father is fixated on secrecy. I took the comment to mean that he won’t be back.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Jerrid lied, his expression betraying his voice. “I just can’t endure any more dreams. I’m going to the gate to find Telmin.”
He walked from the room and strode into the night outside. The entrance to the tunnel leading from the courtyard downward to the main gate looked like a barrel of tar spilled upon the gray bedrock, he thought. Barely slowing his pace, he continued into the dark opening. What started out as a gentle descent soon grew steeper. Crystal torches held by cradles mounted along the walls gradually came to life and lighted the passage as he progressed. At the bottom of the ramp the floor leveled. Just beyond a granite sill that marked the end of the ramp, a separate slab of stone extended outward from the tunnel through a rectangular opening, its expanse disappearing into the night outside.
Surprised to have come so far without encountering Telmin or the other Shaper on watch, Jerrid stepped over the sill and walked several paces along the slab. The evening air was surprisingly cold and still, he found. Though the sky directly overhead was clear, the moon itself was obscured by the walls of the cliff that rose upward to where the city lay. 
His eyes adjusted again to the night, Jerrid looked downward at the gentle stream which flowed beneath the drawbridge he stood upon. The gurgling sound of water added to the sense of peace he struggled to form in his mind.
Growing calmer, he noticed that part way up another cliff, this one rising on the opposite side of the stream and across from the city, a large mountain goat was grazing on the few blades of grass that grew amid the rocks. The animal had a white coat. Short black horns protruded from its wisened forehead. It looked down on him with eyes that glowed yellow.
“Scat, you don’t belong here!” The voice that broke the night’s stillness seemed harsh, but by the hint of mirth carried within, Jerrid knew that it was Telmin, a Shaper of middle age with superior ability in works of iron and steel.
“Be nice to that goat,” Jerrid laughed. He looked and saw that along the far bank, two men walked toward the other end of the bridge. On the cliff above them, the creature scampered away and was soon hidden behind some boulders. 
“Usually those goats stay higher up on the ridges,” Telmin scoffed. “I don’t like them coming down this low. I know it doesn’t make sense but it’s almost like they’re spying on us. Jerrid, what are you doing here? You should be sleeping. We have work to do in the morning.” When he came closer he pointed at the tool belt he noticed the young man wore. “What are you doing with that?” he asked, then paused with confusion. “And what, is that Axel I see coming down?”
“We thought you might need some company,” Axel replied. He stood at the base of the ramp, about twenty feet inside the tunnel. The area around him grew ever brighter as more crystal torches awakened.
“Is it time for work?” Telmin asked. He was a very large man, half a head taller than Jerrid and with the chest of a bull. Dark hair fell to his shoulders. Except for a patch of stubble on his chin, his beard was sparse. He had a ready smile and eyes filled with laughter. “The moon is still climbing. I was out with Rory trying to get a look at it. Dawn is hours away.” 
 “Since none of us seem able to sleep tonight, we thought we could pick things up where we left them this afternoon,” Axel replied. “Maybe we can insert the hinge pins and raise this gate. They’re ready, aren’t they?”
“Oh, yes,” Telmin said with obvious pride. “We brought them down from the casting room an hour ago, still hot as fresh bread. Good iron too. I think we’re finally up to speed with our castings. And it won’t be long before we’re ready to challenge Garth in forging steel.”
“That will come, Telmin. But right now I’d be happy to just get the pins into the hinges.” Axel said.
“Well, then head back up into the city and come back with every Shaper you can convince to work at this hour,” Telmin laughed. He and his accomplice passed by Jerrid and approached Axel.
“If you and Rory are willing to insert the pins,” Jerrid replied as he followed, “Axel and I can align the gate to the hinges.”
“It took twenty Shapers to put this slab into position,” Telmin scoffed. “It weighs eight tons, maybe more. But if you two can raise it up and hold it level, we’ll be glad to slide in the pins.”
“It just needs to come up a few inches,” Axel said as he glanced toward his grandson. “Let’s give it a try.”
With a sigh, Telmin motioned at Rory and together they walked over to a tool chest by the side of the passageway and retrieved two iron rods. Each was about four inches in diameter and three feet long. A wide gap extended along both sides of the bridge’s stone slab. Telmin took one pin and lowered himself into the waist deep opening along one side of the slab. Rory did the same on the opposite side.  
“You two need to raise the slab until the slots on the bottom of the gate line up with notches we cut a few weeks ago into the stone down under here,” Telmin said, motioning. “We’ll slide the pins in to attach everything together and then the gate should be ready to test.”
Axel and Jerrid took positions alongside Telmin and Rory. 
“Relax, Son,” Axel said. “This is a big lift. Let your Amber build slowly. It’s important we act together.”
 They both placed their hands beneath the massive block. Slowly, the light in their eyes built in intensity. When its strength reached the point where gold begins to shift into yellow, Jerrid nodded toward his grandfather and they both began to lift. The entire stone slab rose slightly, almost as if pulled upon by invisibly suspended cables. 
When the bridge stabilized, in near unison Telmin and Rory shoved the pins into the rounded openings below and they clanged into position. “Relax, boys, we’ve got it locked together.” Telmin seemed surprised, but delighted. “These pins support the entire drawbridge,” he added. “Quick now, climb out and we can give it a go.”
“Go ahead, Son,” Axel said with a nod once everyone was clear. “It should be you who finishes this.”
Jerrid pulled the small hammer from the pouch at his waist and walked to a place where an iron lever extended from a slot in the stone on the left side of the tunnel. The lever was part of a locking mechanism that controlled the movement of the gate. He pushed it forward while simultaneously using his Amber to connect with a counterweight located beneath the gate. As the weight shifted, the drawbridge began to move, its closest end pivoted downward while outside, the opposite end lifted upward. In less than a minute the huge stone slab tilted to a near fully upright position. With a heavy thud it then came to a stop. 
“It worked,” Telmin laughed. He skipped along the walkway to where Jerrid stood. “You did it, Boy! I can barely believe it.” He grabbed Jerrid in a bear hug, lifted him up and spun around while still holding his friend. “Everyone will be surprised. Finally, we are safe behind this behemoth.”
“I can’t believe it’s closed,” Jerrid echoed, he too smiling broadly. “The stop was a bit rough but we can smooth that out.”
“Never mind that,” Axel added with obvious relief. “Well done, all of you! I’m just too tired to stay up any longer. What of it, Jerrid? Now maybe we’ll take a break to celebrate, just the two of us. You know, like old times, head to the Sharanth Plains. That colt you fancy will be several hands taller than the last time.”
“Really? That sounds great!” Jerrid answered as Telmin finally released him. “I’d love to get back out there, the sooner the better. Telmin, I might lift and spin you on that news. Let’s ride out before midday, Grandfather. And that leaves it to you and Rory to spread word, Telmin. I’ve also got to get some sleep.”
Jerrid followed Axel up the ramp leading back to the courtyard. As Telmin went to see who might be awake to hear the news of the gate, they returned to their flat and were soon secure in their cots. Though Axel quickly slept, each time Jerrid’s mind drifted toward slumber his heart began to flutter. Sweat beaded upon his brow and he shivered as if afflicted by fever. Hours later, only after the moon set in the west, he at last found sleep.





Chapter 2: The Dawn of Gladeis


Bathed by the sunlight of early morning, Audain looked upward toward the sandstone cliffs which made up the foundation upon which Gladeis rested. She raised a hand to block the glare and trained her eyes upon the road that lead downward from the city. The knowledge that anyone traveling that route would soon pass nearby, brought her comfort. 
She sat atop one of the many boulders that lined the steep route descending to the river. Waiting uneasily, she enjoyed the warmth of the sun’s rays while taking in the prominent view of the Neverth Valley to her south. Like always, the water’s surface glittering at the valley’s base several hundred feet below lifted her spirit. Along the closest riverbank the rich brown color of freshly tilled fields contrasted with the slightly reddish hue of the surrounding rocky slopes.
 “Last day, Rendel,” Audain called out to a small man of about forty who trudged past a few minutes later. She knew he was in for long hours of planting. “Tomorrow you can sleep as long as you like,” she added, trying to sound cheerful.
“It’s not a lack of sleep that frets me,” Rendel replied with an uncharacteristic frown. “It’s the lack of time in the Forest. I don’t know why you’re so happy. I saw your father talking to the guard back at the gate. He can’t be far behind. We’ll all have to go straight to work when he arrives.” 
Audain feigned a laugh and Rendel continued walking toward the fields. “I know this is still a little new to you,” she added, “but you’ve adapted well and are doing a great job. Planting season ends today. Tomorrow we all get to relax. Things will get back to normal then, I promise, at least until the harvest.”
“It’s not all that new to me,” he called back. “This is already my third season. Don’t get me wrong, I appreciate your Council taking me in. And I especially appreciate all the help everyone has been. I love my new community. But until I understand how I got here and where I came from, I don’t think I’ll ever be at ease as a field worker. I like to be on the move. The hunting and scouting details in the Forest expose me to something new every day. Maybe I’ll eventually stumble upon a key that brings back my memory.”
“I understand, or at least I try to,” she answered. The reminder of Rendel arriving at Gladeis, lost and confused, brought back her feelings of anxiety. “I’ll see you down below.”
A few minutes later, her father came into view. Alone, he turned the corner at the eastern bend in the trail and walked toward her. Audain jumped from her perch. She noticed that Kenyon seemed to be in deep thought. She knew that as Captain of the Guard, he always had some problem to deal with. She was glad to see his face brighten when he saw her there.
“Hello, Darling,” he said and slowed his pace slightly as she joined him. “As hard as you’ve worked these last two weeks, I am surprised to see you here. I was even more surprised when I checked your room and found you had already left.”
“Someone needs to make sure you don’t overwork everyone,” she said jokingly. “But that’s not the reason why I left my room so early. I awakened before dawn with memories of shadow troubling my mood. I tried to shake them but could not get back to sleep.”
“I see,” he answered, a twinge of concern in his voice. “The brightness of the day must have chased them from you by now?”
Audain whispered in reply. “As the day grows, so too does my worry. I don’t know why, Father. I remember little from my dreams, only a feeling of being watched. I fear I will be of little value in the fields today.”
“Well, you should take the day off, then. You have already done more than your share of the work. No one will begrudge you that. A few of the slackers may moan a little when they realize that they may have to work a little longer to finish without you. None of our guards relish being used to help farming, even if it’s only for a couple of weeks a year.”
“I don’t know. Some people have already passed while I sat waiting for you. They all look so tired. Poor Rendel seemed as though he was going to collapse and roll down the trail.”
“Rendel is one of the strongest workers we have. He’s just putting on a show. He’s anxious to get back on scouting duty. He’s good in the Forest, especially for someone without Emerald. Unfortunately, he knows it. Everyone eats the food we grow, Audain. Even the Guard must do its share to help.”
They walked on in silence for a few minutes. Audain thought about her father’s offer. As both a woman and his eldest child, she worked hard to overcome the stereotypes some people placed on her. At twenty years of age, Foedan women like her were usually married and raising children. She was not ready for that sort of commitment. Instead, she focused on learning more about her Emerald earth power. That she excelled in it made her somewhat unapproachable. Though she did not admit it to anyone, it also left her very lonely.
“Now don’t argue with me,” Kenyon said. They were near the bottom of the trail. “A day off to walk through the Forest will relieve your misgivings. At the least, it will bolster your Emerald.”
“I could use some time alone,” she stammered, torn between her feelings of guilt and her excitement at spending unexpected time in the Forest. “I should go back to my room first, to get my bow. Its power will help me focus better.”
“By all means!” he replied. “We all know how attached you are to that bow, how much a part of you it is. You can wander up the valley and see how the fields we planted last week are doing. From there, you can climb the south escarpment, and maybe even continue on to High Falls.”
“Yes, that place always invigorates me. I haven’t been there in a while.” She stopped, turned and looked up the trail they’d been following. “So, I guess I’ll see you tonight at dinner,” she added, before heading back.
When Audain returned carrying her bow a few minutes later, most of workers were already dispersed throughout the fields. She waved at the few who noticed her as she passed. One was Rendel.
“I heard you were given the day off,” he called. He seemed to be eyeing the quiver of arrows and the bow she carried on her back. “Are you going to bring back some dinner? I’d offer to help with the hunting but I could never draw that bow of yours. Still, I’d be glad to come along and carry back whatever game you shoot.”
“I won’t be shooting anything today, Rendel. This is just for practice.” She reached up and tapped the bow with her right hand and smiled. Its unusually heavy girth seemed far too staunch for anyone to draw, especially a frail looking young woman. “We can hunt together another day.”
The path she followed wound its way through the maze of cultivated fields that lay along the floor of the valley. As she walked eastward, she noted the condition of the seedlings. These areas had been planted earlier in the season. Augmented by the power of Emerald, the young plants were growing well but would soon require some weeding. 
Audain traveled about a mile before the trail crossed over a small wooden bridge leading to the opposite side of the river. Her route then began to ascend the southern slope of the Neverth Valley, passing through areas devoted to pasture for the city’s livestock. She climbed quickly, following a trail that wound through the rocky soil. Eventually the path reached the base of the sandstone escarpment that formed a sheer brow near the top of the valley.  
She stopped to rest and looked back the way she had come. The figures of the workers in the fields below appeared surprisingly small, she thought.  Yet her gaze was drawn above them, across the valley to Gladeis itself. She relaxed slightly when she spotted South Point. Located at the southern tip of the city, South Point was the best place in Gladeis to view the surrounding valley. 
In the morning sunlight, the white sandstone of the city stood out. Its stark appearance contrasted with the large grove of pine trees that grew farther up the valley’s slope. From this vantage Audain always drew a new respect for the power of the Neverth River. It was the only force strong enough to divide the Forest. The course it took essentially cut the great woodland in two.
With a deep breath she turned away from the view and continued. The trail entered a narrow cleft eroded into the face of the escarpment by a small stream. Though less than a dozen feet wide, this tiny canyon was the only way to climb out of the valley. The passage had many steps carved into the stone. As Audain ascended, the sound of cascading water helped put her at ease.  
She emerged from the cleft drenched with sweat, but continued to follow the stream upward. As the valley’s slopes subsided, larger trees became more abundant. The glow of Emerald arose in Audain’s eyes. When she shifted the bow from its position on her back, the wood tingled in her grasp. With a clear mind and heightened senses, she smiled. She loved the Forest and the confidence she felt there. 
It was late morning when she noticed an area ahead where the trees seemed to thin. Peering closely through a gap within the foliage, she caught a glimpse of the white spray of a waterfall. She hastened forward and stopped when she reached the pool at the base of High Falls. The name was given not because the water fell a great distance, but because the falls were located at such a high elevation within the valley. 
Audain looked upon the water as it cascaded down a stone incline from a rock ledge about thirty feet above the pool. Though hot from her climb, she studied the surroundings cautiously, then removed her clothing and waded into the water. Its chill caused her skin to tighten as she swam. Reaching the opposite bank, she scrambled onto some rocks near the base of the falls and sat there enjoying the sensation of the spray massaging her shoulders. A few minutes later, she scrambled up a trail that led to a precipice above the water fall.
“This may be my favorite place in the whole valley,” she said softly and sat down upon a small boulder. “I wish I knew why I was so uptight earlier.  What a change. Now, I feel that all I need is a little push and I could soar from here all the way back to Gladeis.” 
Before long she descended to the pool, redressed and began the trip back. Her eyes burned fiercely with Emerald. Walking beneath the trees, she embraced the beauty of their canopy, especially the sunlight filtering through to dance in the leaves above with varied shades of green and yellow. She altered her path slightly from the morning’s climb and passed through a grove of oak trees whose massive trunks attested to their long years of life upon the upper edge of the valley. Their branches created a cathedral-like area. Audain stopped beneath it. Unexpectedly, she felt a new sense of unease welling into her Emerald.
Confused, she concentrated a moment and then realized that the source of her apprehension was the trees themselves. She walked over and placed her hands upon the trunk of the largest she saw. Slowly she relaxed, allowing her Emerald to intertwine with its earth force, melding with it as only a Shaper from Gladeis could do. Through the connection, she moved her mind amid the tender leaves, the swaying branches and the heavy trunk. Lastly, she probed into the roots themselves. It was here that she finally touched what haunted her. A sense of loathing ripped at her core, a feeling so strong that she wanted to return to High Falls. Instead, she released her connection and hastened toward Gladeis. 
The afternoon light was nearly gone when Audain finally reached the boulder where her day began. Pausing there to collect her thoughts, she absently glanced back to the other side of the valley and the slopes she had just descended. Her gaze traveled up, beyond the area were the city’s livestock roamed. She was just about to turn away when a flash of white caught her eye. 
“Must be a stray lamb,” she thought, unconvinced. “Usually, they don’t climb so high. I’ll go up there tomorrow, bring it back down.”
----
 “I can see by the brightness in your eyes that you had an invigorating day,” Rendel called out from his seat. “Come join our table. Your father is humoring me. He’s even feigning to listen to my summary of how the planting went today. Oh, were you able to bring down a deer for us? A little fresh meat would go well with tonight’s dinner selection.”
“I need to talk to you, Father,” Audain replied ignoring Rendel’s comments and the frown that suddenly appeared on his face. 
Kenyon realized that Rendel had misread her mood. She was not exhilarated, but alarmed. “Get something to eat, Audain, and join us,” he said calmly. “I just filled this pitcher from the spring. I’ll pour you a cup. It will be nice and cold.”
“That can wait.” She paused to take a deep breath, hoping it would help her unwind. “I can do that after we talk.”
“Come now, Audain,” the Captain stated firmly. “You spent all day trying to relax so your Foedan powers could help you understand your troubled heart. If you won’t listen to it, at least listen to me. Take the time to put your needs ahead of your worries. If you do that, your problems will not change, but you won’t make them worse by letting them overrun you.”
Audain scoffed. Her father could be stubborn. Biting her lip, she turned away and crossed the room, returning a few minutes later with a full plate.
“Thank you,” Kenyon said as she took a seat across from him. Rendel smiled but said nothing. “If you are planning to warn me again about the shadow you felt this morning, rest assured. I have felt it all day.”
“What? Why didn’t you tell me?” she said, a bit too loudly.
“Please, don’t alarm anyone. Some of them are already worried. Rendel, keep all of this to yourself. I wasn’t positive this morning, Audain, but many of the Shapers I’ve talked to today just haven’t been themselves. Combining that, your dreams, and, of course, the stress I saw in your face when you came in the room just now, provides most of the confirmation I need. As if all those things were not enough, there will be a full moon tonight.”
“I guess I didn’t realize that,” she answered. “Does that mean what I think it does?”
“I’m not sure what it means. However, I feel that I must call a meeting of the Council. We’ll get together in about an hour. Please prepare yourself to talk to them. They will be interested to know what you felt today when you visited High Falls. A recent report from there, especially from a Shaper with your abilities, will be of value.”
Audain looked at her father almost as if in shock. “So you woke up this morning feeling as I did, and then sent me off so you could get a report?”
“Yes.” His answer was direct, though a gentle smile broke his face.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” she whispered, not at all amused. 
“Because I need a good report, Audain. That is what the Council will expect to get from you in an hour.”
“And if you had warned me, you could not have trusted me to give you such a report?” she asked again, no less agitated.
“I could have trusted you to give me the best report you could. But we need the best report possible. A report that is innocent and unbiased will be more useful to assess our danger. If I would have agreed with you outright, reinforced your fears with my own, you would have been so blinded and intent on finding answers that you would not have learned anything we don’t already know.”
“What makes you think I learned something?” she asked smugly.
“Because you are my daughter. You belong to the Forest, perhaps like no other. Now eat your dinner, calm your mind and forget your fears. I have to call the Council together.”
As he rose to leave, he looked again at Rendel. “Remember what we were talking about when Audain arrived. I’ve heard of your skills in the Forest. Believe me, I want people to do things that they are good at, but planting is something everyone must help with. Don’t fret. It’s over for now so you will be able to get back to other assignments. And remember, what Audain and I just discussed, must be kept quiet.”
Kenyon walked from the room. Audain ate quickly, hoping to finish her meal before anyone else came and sat down with her. Rendel was finished with his food but remained. A foolish smirk covered his face as he watched.
“There’s no reason to rush. You could make yourself sick,” he said playfully. “It will be at least an hour before your father gets everyone to the chambers.”
“Thanks for the advice. I’ve got a lot on my mind. I’d like a little time alone.”
“Are you asking me to leave?” he replied. 
“No, stay as long as you like. I’m finished. Sorry I can’t stay with you just now. I really need some time to think.”  
----
Shortly after dark, Audain left her room and headed to the building where the Council held their meetings. Her stomach was still in knots. Remembering what her father said about staying calm, she carried her bow in her left hand. It would help her focus. As she walked, she noticed that a full moon was rising. Its face was visible just above the horizon. She went up the short flight of steps that led to the Council Hall’s entrance but paused before entering. Her attention returned once again to the moon. Its face possessed an unusual reddish tint. She shuddered and then walked into the lighted doorway.
The chamber room was already occupied. The men and women who made up the Council sat at a large rectangular table. They talked quietly amongst themselves. Kenyon, as Captain of the Guard, was alone at one end of the table. A small gray haired woman occupied the other. The remaining members, six in total, filled the other two sides. Audain grabbed one of the spare chairs that rested against the far wall. She pulled it closer and sat down.
 “Thank you for coming, dear,” the gray haired woman began. Her name was Rhecca. She was the oldest inhabitant of Gladeis though few would guess it from her crisp mind. She had held the position of Council President for so long that most people in the city remembered no other. “Can I offer you a bit of coffee or perhaps a glass of wine?”
“No, thank you,” Audain replied, trying to smile but feeling uneasy. “If I need something, I will help myself.”
“Then we may as well get to business. I was a bit surprised when our Captain approached, asking for this emergency meeting.” The old woman paused a moment to gauge the disposition of those around the table. “Being of the Emerald, I certainly feel the apprehension of an approaching full moon. I know what can happen on such nights. However, this moon does not seem greatly out of place. A Council meeting called at the last minute like this can upset the people. It is our job to make everyone feel safe, avoid unnecessary panic. However, when Kenyon was so insistent, I agreed.” 
“I certainly understand the need to keep our people at ease,” Kenyon replied. “As Captain, my responsibilities go further. I must also keep them safe.
“I woke up this morning feeling restless,” he continued. “When I met Audain on the road below South Point, she told me about the shadow growing in her heart. I became more concerned and sent her out to do some scouting. Throughout the day my worries have grown. I do not wish to alarm needlessly, but my duty is to be vigilant. Though the Sortiri have never attacked us, we must not feel that we are immune to such danger.” 
At the mention of the Sortiri, everyone around the table looked toward Rhecca. She saw the concern in their eyes. “Please, Kenyon! There is no reason to think those creatures will ever fall upon Gladeis. Even if there are rumors of the other Foedan cities being menaced by the monsters, we all know that the Emerald is the strongest earth power. We may not be immune, but we have the Forest to protect us. It will never let us down.” 
“We cannot be blind, Rhecca,” he answered. “These things you call rumors, others call fact. I would like to hear how the rest of the Council feels. Will some of you describe to us what your senses are telling you?”
 A large man named William looked nervously toward Rhecca. He had thin white hair that contrasted with his unwrinkled face. “I feel a trembling within my Emerald. It does not surprise me that others might too.  I don’t mind getting together. I understand, Kenyon, that as Captain, you must be cautious. However, my senses tell me that if the Sortiri are active tonight, it is not Gladeis that must worry.”
“You see,” Rhecca said with conviction. “All this worry is for nothing.”  
“South of the Neverth, the Forest is more in tune with the Emerald,” Kenyon replied. “Audain was there today. Before you jump to a conclusion, I think that her report needs to be heard.”    
 “Very well,” Rhecca answered, seeming impatient. “Audain, please describe what you felt today, not every detail, just your main observations.”
The young woman looked around uneasily. “I awakened this morning with this uncomfortable feeling in my core. Father suggested I spend the day resting. He reminded me that High Falls always brings me close to my Emerald. He was right. While I was there, my worries subsided. When I started back, I finally felt at ease. Something strange happened though. I passed through an area of very old oak trees. Suddenly, a great weight of foreboding fell over me. I decided to interlock directly with one of the trees. Usually with a large oak, the link makes me feel small and insignificant, giving me a sense of peace. Today was different. There was no peace in that tree, only a tremendous state of warning. Even now my worries grow though I can’t explain why.” 
Rhecca looked around uncomfortably. She knew Audain had an unmatched connection with the Emerald. “What of the rest of you? Do you feel we are in danger? Should we warn the people and make preparations for a Sortiri attack?”
One by one, the other members of the Council spoke. Each mentioned feelings much like those that William had described earlier. A few said that they sometimes felt uneasy when a full moon drew near. Everyone avoided looking directly at Audain, realizing how upset their observations were making her. 
Kenyon was the last to speak. “I know my daughter better than anyone. If she feels an alarm, it makes me afraid. I think we should fortify the gate. Put every Shaper there that we can. If the gate fails us, there will not be enough time to react. We will need to send everyone else to the Hold.”
“That is ridiculous!” Rhecca replied, more harshly than was appropriate under the circumstances. “There is no evidence that we are in immediate danger. I am not going to stand for an unnecessary panic. Forcing everyone into the Hold just because one girl is frightened is preposterous. I’m sorry, Kenyon. I know the Hold was built as a place to protect our people from danger, but hiding underground, surrounded by stone, that’s something the Amber would do. The Emerald is stronger than that.”
“We are not talking about the impressions of one girl,” Kenyon replied defensively. “My daughter is the most powerful Shaper we have. Is there anyone else here that can command a piece of wood the way she can? We all know that no other Shaper has the power even to draw the bow she carries.”
“A trick with a bow is not enough to make her our guardian,” Rhecca said, obviously ready for the meeting to end. “The Council has spoken. Thank you again, Audain, for your report and you, Kenyon, for calling this meeting. I believe we have completed our business for tonight.”
“That’s it?” Audain said in dismay, rising to her feet. “I know what I felt today. Deep in its roots, that oak tree was screaming out to us. The other trees were too. To dismiss this and do nothing is putting us in great danger.”
“We all have a role to play in the safety of our city,” Rhecca responded. She smiled and rose from her seat. “You have fulfilled yours by bringing this to us. I’m afraid we just don’t agree with the urgency you feel.” 
Most of the other Council members joined Rhecca and started toward the door. Kenyon remained seated. Audain stared at them with a look of shock on her face. She was about to protest when her father stood up. 
“Thank you all for coming. If things change, I will take the actions expected of me as our Captain.”
In a few minutes, Audain and her father were alone. They extinguished the oil lamps that lit the room and headed toward Audain’s small apartment.
“I’m sorry,” Kenyon said as they crossed a grass covered courtyard near the center of the city. “If the Council does not feel the alarm, perhaps the city is not in danger. They are all skilled Shapers though somewhat stubborn and maybe a little shortsighted. If Gladeis were going to fall today, I think they would feel the threat and would have stood up to Rhecca.”
“No one stands up to Rhecca!” Audain answered. Her voice was filled with bitterness. “Why did you have me speak to them? Was there a reason you wanted to make me look like a fool?”
Kenyon was startled. It was very unlike his daughter to act this way. “I was not trying to make you look foolish. I trust in your powers. I always will.”
“That’s because I’m your daughter,” she said, still feeling hurt.
“I think you misread things.”
“It’s you who misread things, Father. You made me look like an Apprentice, not the Shaper I am.” Her manner seemed to grow more agitated with each response. 
“Please, Audain. Calm down and give me a chance.”
“You had your chance at the meeting. I’d just as soon be alone now.”
Kenyon realized that his daughter was not going to let him explain. The Council respected Audain’s Emerald abilities immensely, yet that did not mean they understood why she sensed dangers that none of them felt. It also did not mean that the dangers she sensed were not real. Whatever was to happen the rest of that night, had his daughter not spoken to the Council and tried to impress them with her warning, he would not have been able to live with himself should the worst occur and the Sortiri arrive.
“Very well,” Kenyon said when they reached her room. “We will talk more tomorrow.”
Alone again but unable to relax, Audain waited until her father had gone before leaving her room and walking to South Point. She leaned against the parapet that guarded the drop to the rocks below and gazed aimlessly across the valley. The light of the full moon outlined the river and the contour of the fields. As she suppressed the frustration that still boiled within her mind, she failed to notice a pair of yellow eyes staring upward. From the shadow of the very boulder where she waited for her father that morning, something watched. 
She remained at South Point and thought deeply about all that had happened that day. It was getting late when she sensed a change. She looked upward. Nearly straight overhead the full moon was cast in a deep ball of crimson. As if reacting to this hidden threat, a line of ghostly fog arose from a distant peak in the Forest. It formed into tendrils of white that sprawled across the sky toward the moon’s red glow. Somehow Audain knew that their mission was to expel the unwelcomed color from the moon’s face. She watched in fascination as the fog slowly encircled and then thickened around the moon. When a sense of relief that she did not understand suddenly enveloped her, she walked back to her room and slept.





Chapter 3: New Hope


Jerrid stopped his mount, Ike, when it reached the stream bank opposite from the city. He looked back. Axel soon joined him riding upon a heavy-limbed mountain horse named Jay. 
Jerrid’s eye was drawn to the narrow channel beneath the bridge. Water rushed along the base of the granite cliff wall, tickling his senses. As his gaze traveled upward he noted that the only sign that a city rested on the cliffs above, was the bridge itself and the rectangular entrance to the tunnel that lead to Yargis. The far end of the drawbridge seemed ready to be swallowed up into the darkened opening.
With a vantage from that creek bank, both riders and their mounts took great interest as the end of the drawbridge suddenly began to rise. From the entrance across the creek Telmin waved and let out a loud whoop. Many other Shapers crowded beside him. Some watched in silent amazement and some cheered. As the bridge rose higher they became obscured from view but their cheers continued. When the gate finally came to a stop in its closed position, the only sound left was that of the stream.
“To an untrained eye the cliff face looks natural now, no sign even of the gated entrance to the city,” Jerrid said flatly. Though proud of the contributions he’d made to its construction, he suddenly felt very alone. 
“It’s exciting and at the same time, there’s a sadness that I can’t explain,” Axel responded. 
Jerrid looked toward him and their eyes met. 
“I understand,” the younger man choked. “You brought me here, in sorrow.  I was just twelve. It was only a few months after the Sortiri attack on Garth. Since then, this has been our home, our refuge. That attack changed everything for us. My mother, your Lamil, she’s the last thing to fix, now that the gate is shut.”
“Don’t give up hope, Jerrid,” Axel sighed. “That’s what they want, the Sortiri. They are killers of hope. I know that one day my daughter will look at us again with life in her eyes. I know we’ll see her old smile.”
Jerrid wanted to be hopeful. After so many years of hiding he longed it. And even if hope failed he needed something else to fill the void that grew in his heart at the end of each day when there was nothing to do but think about tomorrow.  Sometimes the comfort of Amber that wafted over him when he worked was not enough.  
“I’d like to believe but I’m not sure,” he mumbled. “I know she’s been here with us, in body at least, and I try to maintain hope that her mind will heal. It’s been so long my memory of the time before is dim. I’ve been dedicated to building this city and at times I lose sight of everything else. Sometimes I miss the life we used to have in Garth.”
“It’s long overdue; this visit to the Plains,” Axel replied awkwardly. He turned his head away. His grandson’s words stirred many emotions, especially memories of his daughter, life before Yargis. The pain of her loss was only partly numbed by the constant labor.
“I’m sorry, Grandfather. I should concentrate on our vision. Yargis will ensure that even if Garth is overrun, as we’ve long feared, a remnant of the Amber Foedan will survive. I am being selfish.”
“I know it isn’t fair,” Axel said with a choked voice, “isolated from people your age, everyone looking to you and expecting so much. It grieves me that your mother has not been able to appreciate how you’ve grown; nor has your father seen what you’ve accomplished.” 
“That’s okay, Grandfather,” Jerrid lied. “To him I am still an Apprentice. But everyone has given all they have, especially you.”
“Everyone knows you’re the best Shaper we have, Jerrid,” Axel said. “It’s just a technicality that the Council is forty miles away in Garth and has not tested you. Your father would be proud if he could come see what you’ve done. But he’s afraid that the Sortiri will learn our plan. Even with the drawbridge closed, Yargis is not safe from them. Secrecy really is our best ally.” 
“It’s still frustrating,” Jerrid answered. He swung his horse to the south and spurred it ahead. 
“I’m sorry,” Axel called out. “But don’t take it out on Ike. He’s stubborn enough to toss you into the creek. And Stone Shapers aren’t known to be swimmers. Usually they just sink,” he chuckled. 
“Thanks for the warning, Grandfather,” Jerrid tried to not sound sarcastic. “I’ll be especially careful when we reach the lake.”
“And beyond that we’ll take our usual route across the Arm, then through the eastern corner of the Forest. It’s the shortest way to the Plains,” Axel said. “In the eight months since we were last there, that feisty colt you fancy has probably grown into a young stallion.”
“You may be right,” Jerrid laughed. The thought already brought him a feeling of excitement. “It’s hard for me to believe it was three years ago that I first spotted Feor. He was only a little foal then.”
“Sometimes I think about how you two have grown up together,” Axel said.
“You must know that I’ve been dreaming all that time about how it would feel to ride upon a Sharanth stallion,” the young man replied. “They are the greatest animals I’ve ever seen. Feor should finally be big enough now.”
“It’s hard for me to imagine you on a horse like that,” Axel joked. The look on Jerrid’s face showed he did not see the humor. “The Foedan have never been known as equestrians,” Axel continued undeterred, “something about being a muscle-bound rock cutter. But you’ve surprised me plenty of times, Son. I know that’s not about to change.”
They rode in silence for a time, following the course of the deep canyon as it meandered through the weathered hills of the Freestone Plateau. The day was clear. After several miles the canyon widened enough to allow the morning sun to finally reach them. Through the golden haze they continued, two simple men whose resemblance to one another was much like that of sunrise to sunset.  And though they carried swords at their sides, something in their manner suggested that they were unaccustomed to using them.
Their horses, slow creatures bred to work, made steady progress. With each mile traversed, the stream they followed grew as side branches joined to swell the flow until its roar muted even the incessant clomp of steel shod hoofs on stone. Near midday they reached an area where the distance that separated the canyon’s walls widened. Ahead, the small river emptied into a lake. Nearly a mile in diameter, walls of white sandstone enclosed the crater-like body of turquoise water. 
 “No matter how many times I come here, I find myself in awe,” Jerrid said. Both he and his grandfather pulled their mounts to a stop near the lake’s shoreline. As they looked out, a gust of wind roughened the smooth surface of the water and not far offshore, a patch of ripples arose. Glittering for a moment in the sunlight, the small wavelets soon disappeared. “The Basin is so simple, so alive, no name can do it justice,” he whispered.
“I know what you mean,” Axel replied rather seriously. “Its power is magical. No other place in the Foeland is like it.”
“The lost capital, the city of Aradith, it too once held great earth power,” Jerrid interjected. “So the legends say.”
“Yet it was destroyed… and with it, Arthis, our one King. Over two hundred years ago…” Axel paused and thought. “Time does pass, Jerrid. Sometimes we forget a fact so obvious. Even now, the King’s four daughters, the works they performed, so much of our history, all of it is gone from living memory. It’s like it never happened. I guess that’s how things join that world of legend.”
“Every Shaper must one day return their earth power,” Jerrid replied. “Even the mighty ones like Arthis and his daughters. I can’t count the number of times you’ve told me that.”
“That doesn’t mean it is easy; for any of us,” Axel stammered. “I am old, Son. At times I wish in vain for another choice.”
 “I feel like these walls are spinning around us,” Jerrid said. Axel’s comment made him uncomfortable and he wanted to change the conversation. “The power of so much solid rock floods my Amber senses every time I come here,” he laughed. “Don’t you feel it? My head is on overload. But somehow I think there is more than Amber at work. I don’t know if it’s this wind or even the lake itself, but something pulls at me.”
“This is the birthplace of the Neverth,” Axel said thoughtfully. “You and I are blind to every earth power but Amber. Yet I’d expect the power of Sapphire to be strong near a river like this. But don’t get confused, Jerrid. It’s our focus to Amber that has made the Foedan from Garth unique. That’s allowed our people to accomplish the tasks we love. Your talk about wind and water makes me uneasy. Pretty soon you’ll tell me you want to speak to the trees, like the Emerald Foedan in Gladeis do.”
“That could never happen,” Jerrid said with a laugh. “You know how I like the Forest. But that’s just because we have to cross through it to get to the Plains where the wild horses run. I could not live within it like the Emerald do. How they interact with wood is beyond me.”
“And rightly so,” Axel answered vindicated. “They feel the same way about our ability with stone. The amber gold that glows in our eyes is strange to them. If you ever meet a Shaper from Gladeis, you will be startled by the green light you see in theirs, the Emerald.”
“What about Shapers with Opal and Sapphire?” Jerrid continued. 
“The days when the four branches of the Foedan interacted have passed.” Axel’s reply was bitter. “And the notion that anyone can control more than one earth power, if ever true, it died with King Arthis.”
“Yet Deneb, his youngest son, was a Blender, like his dad,” Jerrid answered wistfully.
“So you’ve been reading, I see.”
“We don’t have many books in Yargis, and even less time to read them. But, yes, I remember a book that said they were Blenders. I must have read it before we left Garth.” Jerrid paused. “I’m surprised I still remember. Come on. Let’s pick up the pace, Grandfather.”
 “There’s no reason to rush.” Axel spurred his horse to follow as Jerrid started Ike southward. “I know you’re anxious to get to the Plains. But we can’t reach it until tomorrow, at least not on these beasts. Use the time to relax. You know how key that is to a Shaper’s power.”
They continued. After traveling for about twenty minutes they reached a point where another gorge had been cut through the sandstone. A strong current of water flowed through it. 
“Though many tributaries drain into the Basin,” Axel began as they entered the canyon, “the Neverth is its only outlet. From here the river meanders to the southwest for many miles before reaching the sea. If you think about it, the Neverth’s watershed encompasses every square mile of land where the Foedan have long lived. So in a way, the Basin is connected to us all, Jerrid, whether we know it or not.”
Jerrid barely listened. He’d heard this speech every time they’d passed this way. Instead, he thought about how much time the two of them had spent together since arriving in Yargis. Time is the greatest equalizer, his grandfather often said. Live in the present, plan for the future, and remember the past. The completion of the drawbridge marked a transition, Jerrid knew. Already the years spent constructing the hidden city seemed to drift into the haze called memory. Feeling a need of comfort, he looked toward his grandfather and smiled. The notion that this might be their last trip together sat heavily on his mind.
The afternoon was spent riding through the narrow strip of grassland known as the Arm. Though its width averaged just ten miles, the Arm stretched for a length of nearly two hundred miles. It acted as a buffer between the forested lands to the south and the rocky plateau northward where Yargis lay.
Late in the day they made camp and then resumed travel early the next morning. Riding through the wet grass, Jerrid looked ahead expectantly, his vision limited by a heavy morning fog. Finally, the line of the Forest he’d been anticipating loomed from the mist. Moments later he pulled Ike to a halt beneath the first boughs. His heart pounded. The transition from grassland to the Forest always brought an impalpable excitement that he relished.
 “I don’t understand why an Amber Shaper like you gets so worked up by a bunch of trees,” Axel said a little irritably, knowing Jerrid’s mood. He’d been trailing his grandson but now coaxed Jay into the lead. “If I hadn’t spent years watching you carve through rock like it was nothing but packed sand, I’d guess you were from Gladeis. The Forest brings me a sense of gloom. The sooner we pass through it to the Sharanth Plain, the sooner I’ll remember that we came on this trip to relax.”
“If Jay can find us a clear path, we’ll reach the Plains before noon,” Jerrid said with a smile. “Then we can start searching for the herd. Seeing Feor will make my heart lite. But I’d forgotten how strong the energy of the Forest can feel. Go on, I’ll catch up.” 
As Axel disappeared into the shadowed understory ahead, Jerrid remained. He listened to the sound the dew made as it dripped from the leaves onto the mat of dead leaves covering the Forest floor. He breathed in the morning air and detected in it the smell of distant pine. Once his heart calmed, he resumed. In just a few minutes he heard Axel muttering. The old Shaper was not happy.
“Every way Jay turns is blocked by a new patch of these thorny little trees,” he complained. “I thought there was a path here. We’ve come this way before.”
“Calm down, Grandfather,” Jerrid said as Ike plodded past. “Maybe I can find a way. Yes, last year we found a route that was more open than it is here.”
Back in the lead, the young man concentrated. He noted that Axel had led them into an area where the ground was unusually rocky and only a few large trees grew. In the gaps between them, small groves of thorny brush had sprouted. Jerrid turned Ike sharply to the right toward what looked like a crease between two of the briar patches. Axel followed. Within a few minutes their pace increased. A trail seemed to take shape and they were able to move more freely.    
“Jerrid, do you notice anything odd about the path we’re on?” Axel said. He still sounded uneasy. When Jerrid turned his head momentarily, the old Shaper thought that he saw a faint glimmer of green in his grandson’s eyes.
 “No. I think we must be closer now to our usual route. The trees are larger here and the going has gotten a bit easier,” Jerrid answered.
“Yes, but doesn’t it seem strange? When I was in the lead, all I found was a bristly mass. Look back at me again,” Axel demanded. 
Though a little perplexed, Jerrid turned and glanced back. His horse continued along the open trail.
“There is a sparkle of Emerald burning in your eyes. It’s faint, but there is no mistaking it.” The old Shaper paused; his voice seemed to choke with concern. “It may be a weak enhancement of some sort, Jerrid, working within you so subtly that you’re not even aware. I believe the Forest is revealing a path to you, one that is disguised from me. If you think about it, every time we have passed through here before you have been in the lead, eager to be first.”
Jerrid scoffed at the suggestion before realizing that maybe his grandfather was onto something. He began to wonder what it might mean. “Do you know anything about Gladeis? I’ve never even met someone with Emerald.”
Axel paused to think before answering. “I once was part of a small group of Amber Shapers who went to Gladeis. It was back when the rumors of the Sortiri first began; about thirty years ago I’d say. We worked with a few of their Shapers and strengthened the city’s main gate. For some reason, they seemed to mistrust us, like they thought we were there to steal secrets. We returned to Garth with their thanks but never heard from them again.”
“I don’t understand,” Jerrid replied. “So we started to unite against the Sortiri but then stopped? It makes no sense to me.”
“It turns out, Jerrid, that the four cities are separated by more than just miles. Each branch of our people is used to being independent. We all think differently. Gladeis, Deluge, Rhindus and Garth are isolated now. Everyone is cautious and suspicions have a way of growing deeper over time. I once even heard someone in Garth say that the Emerald must be in league with the Sortiri. Since the creatures seem to harbor within the Forest, they have connected them. If you have even a hint of Emerald power, it would be best to suppress it, or at least hide it.”
Jerrid’s initial excitement shifted to nervousness. “I can’t believe any Foedan could be a part of what the Sortiri have done. Instead of ignoring one another, someone needs to try again to reach out. With my skills in stone work, I could help them build better defenses.”
Axel looked uneasy. “The King’s youngest son helped his sisters as they built their cities. Though each city was centered upon a single earth power, since Deneb was a Blender he managed to add an element of balance. All of the cities are protected, Jerrid. But remember that even Garth failed a direct attack. I am afraid for all the Foedan but I am especially afraid for the Amber. We have been lucky so far. As the Sortiri try to amass power, eventually they will need Amber to augment whatever they are attempting.” He ended in a whisper. 
Hearing these words, Jerrid thought about something that had been bothering him. “If the threat is so great, especially to Garth, shouldn’t we go there and tell my father that Yargis is ready? As the Captain, he should want to move as many of our people as possible to safety.” 
Axel thought about what his grandson said but did not reply. He knew that Jerroll would not welcome them, obsessed as he was with maintaining the secrecy of Yargis. Visits between the cities had been few because Jerroll wanted to build a separation, create full independence so the fall of one city would not impact the survival of the other. 
The old Shaper looked ahead as he remembered the last words that the Captain of the Amber Foedan had said to him.
 “Don’t grow soft on me, Axel. You have a job to do.”
 At that moment, the area ahead began to brighten. They had reached the eastern edge of the Forest. 
----
The Sharanth Plain was home to a special breed of horses. They were the most fleet-footed and spirited animals in all the Foeland. Many attempts to domesticate them had failed. Wild in spirit, intolerant of human incursion and free to roam the grassland where their speed protected them, they had no rivals. 
When Jerrid and his grandfather emerged from the Forest, they blinked as their eyes adjusted to the clear morning sky. A light breeze blew from the north. It caused ripples of green to dance in the knee-high grass of late spring. 
 Several years earlier taking this same route, the two men had chanced upon a large herd of wild horses here. They had repeated the trip many times since then. On the last, Jerrid finally managed to befriend an auburn colt that he had been watching grow from a foal. He named the animal Feor. Feor was bold and inquisitive. The only weakness Jerrid found in Feor was a love for slices of dried apple. 
About two miles into the Plains, Jerrid stopped his mount. He looked down at an area on the ground where the grass was trampled. A herd had grazed there recently. Tracks along the bank of a dry creek bed showed the direction that the animals had taken. 
“What do you think?” Axel asked. “You have a knack of finding the wild herds.”
“These tracks are fresh. They lead beyond that rise.” Jerrid pointed toward a grass covered slope a few hundred yards away. “Maybe I should leave Ike with you and go on by foot. Give me a head start and then follow, but come slowly.”
Axel nodded. Jerrid slipped from Ike’s back. Before proceeding, he rummaged through one of his saddle bags and retrieved a small sack.
“I was wondering about that,” Axel laughed when he saw what his grandson held.
“You didn’t expect me to come all this way without a supply of dried apples did you? They have been my main weapon. I hope Feor still likes them.”
Without waiting for a reply, Jerrid walked away. He soon lost sight of his grandfather and their two horses. As he continued, he began to whistle and sing to himself. He had learned that the wild horses were less likely to bolt when they weren’t startled. The herd he hoped to find numbered about fifty. Over the course of several years, he had been able to condition them to the point where they allowed him to walk near their grazing area. Only Feor had ever allowed him to come in actual contact.
A few minutes later, his heart pounding as he crested another slight rise, Jerrid spotted them. Gathered within a gentle depression about a hundred yards away, the herd grazed along the bank of the channel he had been tracking. He noticed a boulder about three feet in diameter located near the edge of the group. Still singing softly, he reached the spot and sat down. Most of the horses had noticed him. They paused from their forage to watch but did not run away. Jerrid was sure that this was Feor’s herd. He looked about anxiously trying to find the colt. 
The sun had long burned off the morning mist making the day feel warmer than it was. Jerrid was not only getting hot, his stomach rumbled with hunger. Distracted and thinking that Feor must be roaming farther out in the grassland, he barely noticed the commotion of three young horses as they plodded along the creek and approached from the north.  
Jerrid’s heart leapt when he finally saw them. He knew immediately that the dark auburn stallion at the center of the group was Feor. The colt had grown since his last visit. Its withers stood two full hands taller than any horse nearby. Jerrid whistled once sharply, and then began to hum. A few of the other horses were startled but they soon relaxed. Feor began to walk toward the unusual sound. As he came closer, Jerrid grabbed the sack of apples and pulled several pieces from it. He extended them to the large animal, laughing as piece after piece were chomped down. 
“So you remember me after all!” Tentatively, he stroked the whiskered muzzle and the smooth forehead. Feor seemed to recognize his old friend. Playfully, he swung his head downward and into Jerrid’s chest, knocking the young man back and causing him to fall against the boulder.
“I was starting to get worried,” Jerrid said with a laugh as he regained his footing. “I used to be able to shove you around a little. It looks like the tables have turned.” 
As he gave Feor another piece of apple, he thrust his shoulder against the horse, trying to get it off balance. Feor responded playfully, barely noticing Jerrid’s efforts. Jousting back, he once again forced Jerrid against the boulder. For several minutes the one sided pushing match continued. A few times Jerrid reached up with his right arm, briefly hooking Feor’s neck and placing increasing amounts of his weight across the horse’s back. The game ended when the sack was empty. Jerrid’s heavy breathing attested to the effort he’d expended.
“I’ve got to take a break now, Buddy. I need some more apples. I won’t be gone long though.”
Jerrid was surprised when he found his grandfather looking on, partially obscured by the rise he had passed earlier.  
“I’m glad he still remembers me.  I may even have a chance to tame him. He’s already allowing me to put weight on his back.”
“Take things slowly,” Axel replied. “There is no taming an animal like that. Perhaps he will accept you, but only if you are patient.”
“Yes, you are right about that. I’ll be careful. I don’t want to scare him off after all these years. I need some more apples. I wonder how Feor will react to our horses. Maybe we should bring them ahead. If the herd moves, I can’t follow them on foot.” 
The young man swung up onto Ike’s saddle, and then led the way forward. When they approached the group of horses, Axel was startled to see Feor gallop toward them.
“What a fine animal. He runs without effort. See how the muscle moves beneath his coat. If ever there was a model of speed and power, this horse was made from it.”
The young stallion pulled alongside Jerrid, seeming to be a little puzzled. Ike shifted uneasily but remained steady. Jerrid reached over to stroke Feor’s neck in reassurance. The wild horse snorted and swung his head up and down several times.
“I think he’s trying to tell you something,” Axel said, struggling to keep his own horse calm.
“He’s asking for dried apples, and being none too polite about it,” Jerrid answered.
Feor tossed his head again and pranced about impatiently. Jerrid reached into the haversack. He found the last small pouch of fruit, took a piece, and held it out. The colt wasted no time trotting over to gratefully accept the treat. He nudged Jerrid several more times, receiving additional rewards. Whenever he could, Jerrid stroked Feor’s forehead.  
“You’ve definitely got him eating out of your hand,” Axel said. “Trouble is, he’s going to eat us dry pretty quickly. Maybe I was wrong about being patient. If you want to take a shot at breaking him, perhaps you should do it soon.”
 Jerrid knew that his grandfather was right. Cautiously, he reached into the sack. When Feor pressed up close to Ike’s flank to get another apple he rose up in his saddle and slid onto the wild horse. The colt walked along seeming not to notice.
They had traveled nearly a hundred yards when Feor finally recognized the unfamiliar weight. Reacting in alarm, he surged forward in several leaps. Jerrid crouched low trying to cling on with his thighs and hands. Feeling this extra pressure, Feor darted left and then right. Jerrid lost his balance and fell. He landed in a tuft of grass. The horse galloped away and disappeared behind a nearby rise. 
“Good try!” Axel said as Jerrid rose, plucking straw from his hair and jacket. “I thought you had him for a moment.”
“Yeah,” Jerrid laughed back. “I guess he was so intent on the apples he didn’t realize what was going on. Do you think we should chase him?”
“Chase him? A horse like that can’t be chased, at least without wings.”
“I guess you’re right. We can follow his trail, try and see where he went.”
“You know that I’m not a great tracker. You take the lead. Probably he will swing around to meet back up with the herd.”
The grassland rolled out as far as they could see in three directions, barely a tree or bush in sight. To the west, the dark line of the Forest loomed. After descending a shallow depression and climbing the rise on its far side, they had a clear view to the south. Though Feor was nowhere to be seen, Jerrid could make out the shapes of a few horses clustered together about a half mile away. He led Axel in that direction. When they crested the next rise, the horses could still be seen in the distance but they appeared farther away. Apparently they were on the move again. 
“The creatures are wild,” Axel said, noticing the disappointment on his grandson’s face. “They are looking for their next water source. They will stop when they find it.”
The Sharanth herds could travel quickly, much more so than the mountain horses Jerrid and Axel rode. The trail was easy to follow. Its direction shifted frequently but seemed to be arcing northward. By late morning Jerrid was growing despondent. With each additional mile traveled, his hopelessness increased. 
Near mid-afternoon they noticed a cluster of buildings in the distance. The structures were huddled together at the base of a large grass-covered mound.
“We’ve come a bit farther north than I realized,” Axel said. “I wasn’t thinking about Sligo. It’s the only Comburen city this far north. Their specialty is livestock. They generally don’t take kindly to strangers but they do some trading with Garth. Maybe since we are so close, we should stop and get some extra food. I think a good meal would lift our spirits a bit.” 
 “Why should they dislike us?” Jerrid said, nodding his agreement before looking wistfully to the northeast where the herd seemed to have gone.  
“I don’t know. I’ve always been careful not to display my Amber around them, since they don’t have powers like we do. Even if they don’t like Foedan they always seem to have enough tolerance to do business. They have a special fondness for the steel tools made in Garth. I’ve been to Sligo on a few occasions. Never did the people there seem happy to see me come, or sad to see me go.” 
They reached the town a short time later. Axel knew right where he wanted to go. He stopped his horse in front of one of the largest buildings. After sliding off Jay, he looped the reins around a wooden rail. A few other horses were already hitched, but there was still plenty of room for more. 
Gauging from the look of the place, Jerrid guessed that it was the central store. He quickly tied Ike and followed as Axel disappeared through the front door. Once inside, he was surprised to see that much of the building was open and full of shelves. They were covered with goods of every description. On the far side of the room, he noticed a cluster of simple wooden tables. His grandfather sat at the nearest one and was talking to a large woman. She wore a white apron. Curly brown hair surrounded her plump face. They chatted like old friends. The other tables were also occupied. Two men sat at one and three at the other. Their ages varied though they all shared the weather-beaten appearance of hard travel. They looked suspiciously at Axel. When Jerrid approached, the short sword he wore on his left hip, and shaping tools he had strapped to the other, caught their eye.
  “There are no Sharanth horses around here, I’m afraid,” the woman was saying as Jerrid took a seat. “We love to see them though. My husband Nathan, he’d be out after them for certain if there were any nearby. Always trying to corral them, he is. Come close a few times. Him and these boys here,” she nodded toward the other tables. “They’re always hatching ideas to fence another area and funnel those horses in. Aren’t you boys?”
“You stop blabbing to these strangers, Sally,” one answered. “What we do is no concern to them.”
“Aw, you’re just sore that those horses have jumped every fence you ever set,” Sally laughed then turned again to Axel. “So what do you need? Are you here to talk, drink, eat or what? Maybe a little trade for something?”
“Just looking for a meal,” Axel answered. “Whatever main course you’re serving today will be fine.”
“That’ll be stewed chicken,” she said, seeming disappointed. “Same for both of you?”
“Yes, thank you, Ma’am,” Jerrid answered.
“Hear that, boys” she laughed as she walked toward the kitchen “Today, I’m a Ma’am. I should find Nathan. Get him out here and see if they can teach him some manners.”
A few minutes later, the kitchen door swung open and a large man walked out. He approached the table and gestured toward Axel, seeking permission to join him and Jerrid.
“I’m Nathan,” he said flatly, then took an empty seat. “Sally says you’re looking for wild horses. Try away down south. There’s a big herd there, comes this way now and then. A real smart group, that is. We won’t get them. But there’s another herd that comes from the west. They’ve got some mountain stock blended with them. We caught a few of them over the years. If you’re interested in horses like that, we could talk about a trade. A few nice swords might do, provided the steel is from Garth.”
“We’re not looking for a trade,” Axel answered. “The lad just likes horses and wanted see if we could spot a few wild ones, for the sport is all.”  
“Well, go ahead south then and take a look,” Nathan said. “You are Foedan, from Garth?”
“Just out with my grandson, you know. Those rock walls get kind of confining.”
“I know those walls,” Nathan said. “Traded there for some steel a time or two, hand tools, horse bits, a plow, even a sword. Good steel you have, but I don’t like walls.” He seemed to be studying them, not trusting that they weren’t in Sligo for some other purpose.
“Yes,” Axel answered uncomfortably. “I don’t know what you’ve traded, but I know the cattle from Sligo can’t be matched.”
“Cattle, yes. Is that why you’re really here?” Nathan’s face brightened and he smiled broadly. “We can trade cattle. We take many of them to Arnot, big city down south. Been there? We come back from there with other goods too. Look around the store. We can accommodate most anything for steel from Garth.” 
Suddenly the kitchen door swung open and Sally strode out with a heavy iron pot. She dropped a towel on the table then set the pot down. “Nathan, you leave these Foedan alone. Let them eat their dinner.” 
Nathan did not flinch. Undeterred, she repeated the order before turning back toward the kitchen. Her husband stayed where he was. The other men continued eating. Jerrid reached toward the pot and served his grandfather and himself. They wondered what it was that Nathan wanted of them. The large man sat there watching. Occasionally he pulled at his thin beard. When they finished, he stood up.
“So what about this trade?” he asked persistently. “You must have something in exchange for the meal. Perhaps you have a knife you would like to part with?”
“We have nothing to trade,” Axel replied, “just silver coin for payment.”
“We never turn away coin, that’s for certain. Given the choice, I prefer a good trade though. I’d like to talk more of these cattle. We can show you a herd as you leave. You’ll be heading north toward Garth I presume.  A few new bulls would no doubt help your own herds prosper. I think we have just the animals. Maybe six or eight blades like the one that the lad carries, in exchange for a few choice animals?”
“We did not come here to trade for cattle,” Axel repeated more firmly. “I should think that two silver stags would cover our meal including a little extra for our hostess? Please tell her the food was excellent.”
Axel rose from the table. Jerrid followed his grandfather outside. They wasted no time in mounting up and had just started along the road when Nathan and another man exited the store.
“If you don’t mind,” Nathan said, unhitching one of the other horses, “we’d like to show you our cattle. You’ll be passing right by them. Maybe you’ll have a change in heart.”
“Show us your animals and we’ll take a report back to Garth for you,” Axel said in annoyance, “along with your price.”
“No more than that can we ask,” Nathan answered with a wry smile.
Jerrid took the lead and set off westward urging Ike to a trot. The other men followed. The Sligo horses were larger and of a quicker gait. There would be no outrunning them. In a few minutes the group rounded the base of a hill that had been blocking their view to the west. Jerrid looked back a moment, wondering if anyone had followed. Sligo was now obscured from view. With a wave to his grandfather, he turned Ike directly up the hill. 
“I’m going to take a look around,” he called. “From this hilltop, I should be able to see the whole area. Maybe even the herd Mr. Nathan was talking about.”
The other riders continued traveling along the road. When Jerrid reached the crest of the hill, he looked back toward Sligo. The road was empty. Relaxing a bit, he turned westward. Less than a mile away he spotted a cluster of fenced pens near the road. A group of cattle grazed in one of them. Farther beyond, he saw a small cloud of dust seemingly raised by a separate herd. Satisfied, he hustled down the hill and rejoined their party, taking up the rear. 
Nathan looked back. He seemed a bit nervous to have Jerrid out of his direct view. 
“Did you see our cattle? They should be just on the other side of this little knoll.”
There was no need for Jerrid to answer. Axel, a few hundred feet ahead, was already looking at the animals. When Nathan and his companion caught up, they stopped next to the old Shaper. Anxious to keep moving, Jerrid continued. He was well past the end of the pasture when he noticed a commotion ahead. He realized that it was the second group of animals that he had seen from the hilltop. Surprised that there were no fences here, he was even more shocked when he finally understood what was happening. Heading straight toward him was a herd of Sharanth horses. They ran at a full gallop. In just a few moments they were rushing past. They turned to the north to avoid the fences. 
One horse separated from the herd. It slowed and then stopped about fifty feet away from Jerrid. It was Feor. Axel and the men from Sligo looked on from a few hundred feet away. Not knowing what to do, Jerrid turned Ike toward the other men. Feor followed. He quickly caught up to Jerrid and nudged him in the back as if asking for more treats. When the young man did not respond, Feor cut Ike off, blocking his way. 
Jerrid turned Ike again. The move put Feor immediately to Ike’s flank. Feor pranced slightly but held his ground. Hesitantly, Jerrid looked toward his grandfather. The smile that beamed back at him and the expression of astonishment on Nathan’s face, gave him courage. In one smooth motion he slid onto Feor’s back. He hung on easily as Feor began to trot northward, knowing that he could be thrown at any moment. Gradually the young horse increased its speed, eventually reaching a full gallop.
The next hour was a blur to Jerrid. Gradually, he grew accustomed to the power and speed of the horse beneath him. He did not try to control the animal.  Instead, he relaxed and focused his energy to match that of the stallion. He felt a bond of acceptance growing between them. He laughed aloud as he tried to look back and realized that his grandfather and the other men were already lost from view.
When Axel saw what was taking place, he steered his mount up the slope of the nearest hill. The other riders followed. Together, they craned their sight to catch an occasional glimpse of the young man and the stallion bounding along. The horse was running in a wide arc, circling them. 
“I can’t believe my eyes,” Nathan said absently. “A Sharanth stallion, one of the finest I’ve ever seen. All my life I’ve known horses, watched the Sharanth from afar, dreaming what it would be like to feel their power. Fortunately, I have a witness with me. No one in Sligo will believe this.”
The men watched in silence as Feor made one last turn and headed almost directly toward them. The horse was within about a quarter mile of them when it slowed to a walk. Jerrid, now tired and covered with sweat, gently stroked Feor’s neck. While still a considerable distance from Axel and the other men, Jerrid slipped from Feor’s back and landed on the ground. The large animal then turned and trotted away. 
“That was some ride, Boy!” Nathan yelled out. “Why didn’t you try and hold on to that stallion or bring him to us? Maybe we could have got a rope around him.”
Jerrid looked at Nathan, then his grandfather. “It seemed better to me that he should go his own way. To rope a horse like that, something has to break. It could be the horse, the rope or the man holding the rope. I shouldn’t want to take the chance that it might be the horse.”
“Yeah, but you let him go,” Nathan said with disappointment. “Might be you’ll never get another chance.”
“Might be. Even so, it was worth it, just for that one ride.”
“I can’t argue with that,” Nathan laughed. “It gives me hope that I didn’t have before.”
“Hope for what?” Axel asked.
“Hope that if a rock beater like your grandson here can ride a Sharanth stallion, then a guy like me who has spent his whole life trying, might someday succeed.”
Axel smiled. Jerrid walked over and reached out, taking Ike’s reins from his grandfather and climbing onto the saddle. There was no smile on his face. The thought of Nathan trying to track Feor or his herd made him feel sick to his stomach. He regretted having made such a foolish display in front of these Comburen. 
“Shouldn’t we get moving again, Grandfather?” he said gruffly. He spun Ike to the west and urged him to a canter.
“Yes, we’ve lost some time. Mr. Nathan, we’ll bring word that you have some fine stock ready for trade.” Axel did not wait for Nathan to reply but turned away and followed Jerrid.
“That’ll be fine,” Nathan yelled. “Now don’t forget. In the meantime, we’ll be keeping watch of those Sharanth for you.”
Jerrid grimaced but ignored the jab. He and his grandfather held pace until they lost sight of the men to their rear. When they slowed, Axel drew alongside.
“I hate to leave Feor anywhere near those men,” Jerrid said bitterly.
“You know they have no chance of catching him or any other horse in that herd. He admitted that to us at lunch. No doubt though, if you gave him the chance, he’d gladly toss a rope around Feor’s neck and hold on until one of them breaks.”
“No doubt,” Jerrid agreed. “And no doubt Nathan would be sorry he made the try. It still makes me uneasy.”
“Me, too, but now that we’re alone, tell me about your ride.”
“It was incredible,” Jerrid replied. His voice was full of excitement. “The energy I felt is hard to describe. I guess it’s what you’d think uncorrupted power would feel like. I’ve connected with rock before when shaping and felt that way. I think Feor felt it too. I bet he’ll be back for more than just apples. I think he drew from me as much as I did from him.”
Axel listened silently. He could see the beam in his grandson’s face, the glow in his eye, realizing that Jerrid had connected in a way that no Amber Foedan had ever experienced. To compare the feel of riding a horse to that of shaping stone, was a shocking thought.
“I’ve been thinking about Nathan. He’s so pushy, I’m afraid he might go to Garth on his own, try to strike a trade. I’m afraid we have no choice but to go there, just in case.”
“I used to think of Garth as my home,” Jerrid replied. “I’m not sure I have one anymore. It is time that my father learned about our new city, whether he wants to or not.”
Axel could hear the determination in Jerrid’s voice. Still, he worried about how Jerroll would react to them. He noticed that Jerrid was again studying the grasslands around them, looking for signs of Feor. 
“I know that being isolated in Yargis is difficult, especially for you, Jerrid. Most of the other Shapers have their families with them, and those that don’t have buried themselves in our work. The Amber has sustained me more than anything, that, and the satisfaction I get from watching you.”
Jerrid felt sad. He realized that his grandfather was as lonely as he was. The brief connection he had made with Feor was pulling at him, making him feel like he was hiding something. “Yargis is finished, Grandfather. The work, I mean. Any decent Shaper can do what’s left.” He paused and thought about the pain and loss of his mother. His most recent memory of Garth was the night she was taken by the Sortiri, the night he so often relived in his dreams. With a sigh he resumed. “Our new city is ready for more people. My father needs to know, so he can send them before it is too late. But to be honest with you, knowing that Feor is so close, I think I am heading in the wrong direction.”
“I understand.” Axel said. “Too often people see something they want and abandon their commitments, unwilling to complete the task before them. I respect you for staying on track, in spite of the sacrifice.”
As they continued, Jerrid thought less about the possibility of pursuit and more about what lay ahead. Though his senses were sharp, he did not notice the subtle change in the terrain as the open expanse of the Sharanth slowly shifted to a different sort of grassland. Most people called it “the Arm.” In spite of being much more dry and rocky, the Arm was usually considered as a continuation of the Sharanth. Eight miles across at its widest point, this long strip of prairie separated the Forest to the south from the Freestone Plateau to the north. More importantly, it allowed the trade road that they now followed to extend westward beyond Garth, the Neverth River, and reach even to the Crosscut Mountains.
Though the golden light of sunset had faded, they still rode. In the dim light that remained, patches of grass looked like pits that someone had dug within the gray soil. At a point on the trail where an area of exposed sandstone formed a small ridge with a clear view to their rear, they finally stopped to make camp. 
“No fire tonight,” Axel said as he slipped from Ike’s back, “just in case we’ve been followed.”
After turning the horses loose, the two men ate. They then unrolled their blankets over a smooth area of the sandstone and settled in for the night.
“When you get comfortable,” Axel said, “lay back and listen. Use the darkness to focus your Foedan senses and find the inner peace needed to capture the power of Amber. A Shaper must be able to remove himself from whatever is happening around him. He must become a part of the world. It is an art, Jerrid. Even an old man like me can never take it for granted.”
Jerrid listened. Though he had heard this counsel on countless occasions, he accepted it, and visualized the calm of night spreading over him. With hands pressed against the flat rock upon which he lay, he expanded his perceptions beyond the campsite. His senses flooded through the stone until far away in the distance, he felt the shuffle of hooves. Horses, he thought, waiting out the night. When he broke his connection, he looked toward his grandfather and smiled.  
“Your Amber is strong tonight,” Axel said. “I can tell by how brightly your eyes glow. This would be a good chance for you to practice your masking skills. It is something a good Shaper should master. The better we hide the nature of our earth power, the less people can try to use it against us.”
Jerrid chuckled. “You don’t think people will know me as a rock cutter?” 
“Well,” Axel laughed, “in spite of those big shoulders, I think you can throw them off. Now close your eyes a moment, visualize the image of a bright yellow sun, and then look at me.”
Jerrid did as instructed. He held a vision of bright sunlight in his mind as he opened his eyes. Tears formed in them as he stared at Axel. 
“Excellent! It was at least thirty seconds before the Amber trickled back. I’m going to sleep now. Before you doze off, you should reconnect and practice a few more times. You never know when you will need to do it for real.” 





Chapter 4: Desperation


The southern edge of the Freestone Plateau was dotted with outcroppings of solid granite, stalwarts from centuries of erosion by rain and wind. Gentle slopes covered by an array of grass, thick brush, or an occasional grove of hemlock, surrounded the rock formations. Built upon one of them, the city of Garth stood high.
Shortly after noon, Jerrid noted an irregular shape on the horizon. He had been looking for it for hours. Because they still traveled within the openness of the Arm, he could easily discern the silhouette of the city. Rising one above the other, the distinctive rings of Garth’s three concentric walls stood out. The reflection of the sun’s rays marked them.
 Jerrid shivered. Instead of the warmth he thought he would feel at the sight of his old home, he remembered his nightmares. It had been years since he last stood upon the city’s highest point, the Court Wall. 
About an hour later, he and Axel reached the network of narrow paths that passed through the fields around the city. Jerrid tried not to look upward at the city. He thought it mocked him. Instead, he focused on the farmers that worked nearby. Some shouted out greetings, but most stuck to their tasks. As he passed one middle-aged couple working a small plot, he was surprised by their exchange.
“I’m sure that is Axel,” the man said, trying to whisper. “He hasn’t changed a bit since I last saw him. That other one, that looks like young Jerrid. He’s grown into a man since he left. Mind you, something must be amiss. Do you think we should sound an alarm?”
“Keep to your own business,” the woman replied flatly. “Have you learned nothing since the Sortiri came? The Captain will not want any meddling from us. I’m sure the guard has already noticed. Jerroll will be down by the gate before these two can reach the stable.”
Looking ahead, Jerrid realized the woman was right. A group of four or five guardsman was forming just outside the gate. Behind them, a small crowd gathered. He was not sure but he thought that the thin man who towered above the others was his father.
“Stay calm,” Axel said gently. “I’ll do the explaining. If you are questioned about Yargis, answer that everything is fine, that we have just come for a short visit. Remind them of the importance of secrecy.”
“I understand.” Jerrid felt a lump in his throat. “I’ll do my best. It’s my father that I’m worried about. He was always demanding, but now, five years after the Council made him Captain, I don’t know how he’ll act.”
“It could be difficult. In times of challenge the Council has always given the Captain wide authority. Try to be patient.”
Jerrid took little comfort. As he neared the arched passage through the outer wall and looked upon the majesty of the open doors within it, he relaxed slightly. The last time he was in Garth he was little more than an Apprentice. Today for the first time, he was seeing his home through the trained eyes of a Shaper. Unconsciously, the essence of his Amber rose up and he saw the minute seams where different slabs of granite had been fused together to repair the entryway. When he drew closer to the gates themselves, he realized that they had been reconstructed from solid iron and were supported by hinges made from hardened steel. He trembled. 
“The Sortiri would have to be incredibly powerful to break through these works,” he whispered to Axel.
“Yargis is not nearly so strong,” Axel answered, also feeling awed by the effort expended here. “Perhaps you begin to see better now? Your father is right. Secrecy is both the virtue and the great weakness of our new city.”   
A few guards walked from the archway and motioned to the riders. 
“We will take your mounts from here,” one said. 
Jerrid slid to the ground and then reached to unfasten his saddlebags. He did not realize it, but as he stretched upward, the shaping hammer and chisel he always wore were exposed for anyone nearby to see. The guards exchanged knowing glances between themselves but said nothing. From about thirty feet away, Jerroll looked on with a frown.
“Thank you,” Jerrid said as the horses were taken away. 
“Will you please bring the rest of our possessions?” Axel added. 
The guards looked at each other uneasily. One of them glanced toward Jerroll, still hovering at the edge of hearing distance. 
“Yes, Sire. Once we get your mounts settled in, we will bring everything to the Captain’s quarters.”
“Thank you.” Axel made his way toward Jerroll. Jerrid followed. The Captain looked down upon them, his mouth showing a strained smile mixed with nervousness.
“Hello, Jerroll,” the elder Shaper said as he drew near. 
“I am very surprised to see you,” the Captain answered uncomfortably. He looked past Axel toward his son.
“Father. It has been a long time since I last saw the walls of my home. I had nearly forgotten them.”
“Yes,” Axel added, flinching slightly at the pain of his own passing memories. “Garth looks refreshed. It is not only Yargis where recent feats of great Shaping have been accomplished. I can hardly wait to see what else has been done to improve the streets that were once so familiar to me.”
“Yes, let us go into the city and you shall see,” Jerroll replied upset by the mention of Yargis and sounding rather stern. “I’ll have some food brought to a place where we may talk freely. But first, I must look upon Jerrid who I so often wonder about.”
He stepped up to his son and reached out, a sudden smile broad upon his face. The two embraced for a moment. Axel looked on. Jerroll was half a head taller than his son. Jerrid was much wider in the shoulder, displaying the powerful chest of a stone Shaper.
“It is good to see you, Son. You have grown into a strong young man, physically and in the Amber.” He looked downward at the tools on Jerrid’s hip. 
“It’s good to be here, Father. I have missed my old life.”
“I’m sorry to bring it up,” Axel interjected quietly. “Don’t be alarmed, but you should know that we may have been followed. The city is in no danger. It’s only a couple of livestock traders from Sligo. We tried to elude them, but they may end up here, looking for business.”
Jerroll waved toward one of the guards who still stood near the gate. A heavy man with massive shoulders and unusually bright red hair started to walk forward in response. 
“You remember Melet? He is my lieutenant now. Melet, Axel believes we may have some guests coming to trade cattle. If they arrive, see that they talk to Samuel. Remind him that nothing is to be said of Yargis.”
“I understand, Captain,” Melet answered with a scowl. The large man returned to the gate. Most of the crowd had melted away. 
Jerroll motioned Axel and Jerrid to follow and then started up the roadway. He escorted them along a wide alley that occupied the area between the outer and the second wall. A few minutes later, they passed through another gate and entered the zone where most of the city’s inhabitants lived. Jerroll had taken a simple home there, just inside the gate. It was a small two-room stone structure located at the end of a long row of similar apartments. 
“When you went to Yargis with your mother, I could not bear to live in the Captain’s quarters,” Jerroll said softly as he led them inside. “This has been a good place for me, easy to care for and close to the main gate. I can get there so quickly in fact, that just a little while ago when I received a message that my second-father and son had just appeared outside in the fields, I reached the gate before they did. I am very curious to understand how is it that you two, charged with protecting Yargis, are here today.” He ended as a flushed color built in his brow.
“Must we be invited to our own home?” Axel said and sat down. 
Jerroll seemed to be considering a reply when a woman entered the room and began laying food out upon a small table. 
“Jerrid and I have worked tirelessly,” Axel continued, in spite of Jerroll’s frown. “Yargis has become the refuge our Council intended it to be. Of course, we are just two of the thirty Shapers dedicated to this creation. Truly though, it is Jerrid who has been our eyes, our senses, guider of our work and even the main force of our arms. He is here to tell you of our progress. Much has been done since our last communication.” As he concluded, the woman left the room. 
“I can wait to hear of the progress of our new city,” the Captain said sharply, pausing to take a deep breath. “What I can’t wait to understand is why you are here, putting our plans in danger. You are sworn to protect the secrecy of Yargis. Leaving there is forbidden. This is a rule that must be obeyed.”
“Yargis is a lonely place,” Jerrid broke in, shocked by his father’s comments. “While the other Shapers have lives with their families, for me, being trapped there is not enough. We are here because the only thing that keeps me from going crazy is an occasional visit to the Sharanth Plains.”
Jerroll’s eyes widened and his jaw clenched. 
“I know what you are thinking,” Axel said before the younger man could speak. “The blame is mine, not Jerrid’s. The secrecy of Yargis is safe. We made an error, passing through Sligo. The error is one reason we came here, to deflect suspicion in case we are followed. Yet there are other reasons. It is important that you understand what is happening in Yargis, how your son feels about his place there.”
“Jerrid, I appreciate that you are young and the solace of Yargis must be pressing,” Jerroll replied, trying to be patient. “However, this law is needed to protect all our people. Even you must obey such things. And what of my wife? Who is seeing to her care while you two are away chasing cows?”
“We are not chasing cows, Father,” Jerrid said, somewhat desperately. “I know the fault here is mine. It is my weakness which pulls me from Yargis. Grandfather is merely trying to help me.” 
“Lamil is in good hands,” Axel interrupted. His voice sounded choked and hesitant. “Unfortunately, she shows no sign of recovering from the darkness left by the Sortiri.”
“It was you Axel, who wanted to take her to Yargis,” Jerroll said, sounding uncomfortable. “I agreed, feeling a mother and son should be together. You betray that trust too by leaving her there.”
The old Shaper glared at the younger man. “I told you she is cared for. As for taking Jerrid out of the city, I offer no excuse. He needs to learn about more than the building of stone walls.”
	“The decree of the Council is clear,” Jerroll replied stubbornly. “You two have sworn yourselves to the founding of Yargis. When you leave Garth and return there, I must have your promise that there will be no more sojourns, not here, to the Plains or anywhere else.”
	“I was twelve years old then,” Jerrid protested. “I may have sworn to found the city, make it safe. Well, come see for yourself. We have accomplished that. Yargis is a fortress. We number a hundred Foedan. We can easily accept that many more. When it comes down to it, Father, I’m not sure there is any work left for me to do there.”
	“Your return is not of your choice,” Jerroll retorted. “Our people’s survival requires that you do your part. Yargis is your responsibility. I cannot believe you’d be so selfish as to refuse.”
	“I am not selfish! You don’t know of the effort I’ve put into the building of that city. I love it and the people there. It is a part of me, as I am a part of it. Yet I will not spend my life hiding there. I am drawn by the Plains, the horses, the Forest, the running water and even the wind dancing from hilltop to hilltop. I cannot help our people against the Sortiri by hiding in Yargis.”
	Jerroll looked stunned. “I am Captain, appointed so by our Council in a time of great need and danger. I cannot tolerate my own son refusing to support my decisions. Tomorrow, or the next, once the cow herders depart, you will be escorted by Melet and however many guards we need, back to Yargis,” he paused for a moment and turned toward Axel. “You shall go with him and see to it that my orders are obeyed.”
The room fell silent. The strain and emotion was clear in all three faces. Jerrid knew there was no use arguing further. 
“You’re right, Jerroll,” Axel said to break the tension. “We will return to Yargis in a few days, once it is safe for us to do so. Until then, I would like to see my old home, learn what has been done since I left here.”
Jerroll nodded with strained approval. A short time later, Axel headed toward the door. He motioned Jerrid to follow. There were still a couple hours of daylight left. Though he was eager to tour the city, he also wanted to get Jerrid away, knowing the young man needed a chance to relax his frayed nerves. The stonework of Garth, strong with Amber, would provide a source for renewal. 
“I have two requests before you go,” Jerroll said. “First, please talk as little about Yargis as possible. Second, I’d like to ask you, Jerrid, to leave your shaping tools here.”
“Don’t you think that’s a little unfair?” Axel said before Jerrid could respond. “He is the best Shaper we have in Yargis. He has earned the right to carry them.”
“I’m sorry. The only other set like them is carried by Tecan. I respect what you have accomplished, Jerrid. I’m sure you have earned the right, but the people here don’t know you as a Shaper. They also know very little about Yargis. If you walk through the city with those tools, it will focus too much attention upon you.”
“I understand,” Jerrid said, a little disappointed but tired of arguing.
A short time later the two visitors began a circuit of the city. They headed toward its higher reaches of the city. Many people greeted them along the route, seemingly already aware of their presence. With little more than an hour of daylight remaining, they finally reached the inner Court Wall. It was a massive structure, nearly twenty feet high and over five feet thick. Beyond its gate were a few large buildings, including the Armory. A grassy yard to its south bordered the far end of the wall. Here, a stairway led upward to a platform that provided a vantage to look out over the city. 
Jerrid reached the base of the steps with Axel close behind. “It’s been a long time since I was last in the yard, training with the other Apprentices.” He looked back as he began to advance upward. “It makes me remember how my father was always reminding me to keep my guard up. He used to slap my chest with the flat of his sword when I forgot.”
“I know how he has always pressed you,” Axel answered slowly. “Sometimes fathers do that to their sons. Sometimes they don’t see how hard they are on those they love.”
“I guess today has been no different then,” Jerrid replied. “Only the weapons have changed.”  
“Garth is beautiful. It is not always a place of contention,” Axel said. They reached the platform and stood at the parapet that guarded it. “There is peace here, Jerrid, supported by the Amber. You only have to look for it.” 
“I have felt the Amber ever since we arrived. I remember many things about Garth, even being in this exact spot when the Sortiri attacked. Most of the other people were in the yard near the bottom of the steps we just climbed. You, mother, father, were all below. I snuck up here. Did you know that? I saw the Sortiri breach the outer gate. I saw them advance to the second.” He paused a moment, remembering his dreams. He did not mention the connection he felt with one of the Sortiri that night, a creature that looked upward as if seeking him out. “When we came through the city today, I noticed that it is better protected than ever before. Still, my father speaks as though it is destined to fail. I don’t understand.”
“Your father is too proud to admit that the Sortiri hurt him deeply. I don’t think he has forgiven himself for the gate failing, or for allowing Lamil to be in the group that defended it. He has tried to make up for it by building defenses, here, and in Yargis.”
“He was not the only one hurt,” Jerrid said sullenly.
“I will talk to him; try again to reason with his fear.”
“The man I heard this afternoon is not one to reason with.” Jerrid paused and looked out over the city. He was thinking. Instead of going back to Yargis, he wondered if there might be something else that his father would approve. “If other Foedan cities had gates like Garth does, the Sortiri would be much less of a worry.”
Axel thought for a moment, unsure how to reply. “I can discuss it with Jerroll. I’m afraid though that he does not feel secure yet. No matter how heavy the walls, he’s seen our enemy up close. Right now, he is only concerned about our people, the Amber.”
“He is wrong. Hiding and building up defenses is not the answer. If we are going to stop the Sortiri, we must learn more about them.”
“Most Foedan feel that defeating them is impossible. Their concern is preservation.”
“Tell me,” Jerrid asked slowly. “What do you think of our strategy?”
“I understand the fear, Jerrid. Everyday when I look at my daughter, I am reminded of it. Yet my guilt is deep, especially leaving our kindred here to face this threat. I am heartened to see the progress, and maybe that is why there has been no other attack. I must admit I expected otherwise.”
 Both men slipped into their own thoughts. Jerrid wondered how he could possibly change anyone’s mind if even his own father would not listen to him. As he considered this, he looked beyond the city’s walls and allowed his gaze to wander. With his hands resting upon the stone parapet, he could feel the Amber building in his core. Through it he touched the roots of Garth. He let his senses flow outward, beneath the rolling grassland that spread to the south. He detected a small pack of wandering coyote. Beyond them, he noticed a scattered herd of deer, and farther out, a colony of prairie dogs that burrowed new dens in the soil.
At the edge of his perception he felt something that made him pause. Echoing through the sandstone that lay beneath the hills about mid-way between Garth and Sligo, lurked the sensation caused by the unshod hooves of wild horses traveling along. For several minutes he followed their course. They seemed to be less than ten miles away and were skirting the edge of the hills. To hide the sudden excitement he felt, he envisioned the bright sun of a clear morning and then broke his connection.
“I’m sorry,” Jerrid said, breaking the silence. “You also lost so much to the Sortiri. Your pain is overlooked.” He was comforted by the bright eyes looking back at him. Hidden now behind the western horizon, the sun was only an orange glow in the sky.
“As hard as it is to maintain hope, I know my Lamil may yet recover. I keep going because I want to be there to see the Amber in her eyes, tell her how I’ve missed her.”
Jerrid cleared his throat to choke back his tears. 
“It makes me glad that we were able to share this moment,” Axel continued, “to remember our years here. I look back on them and recall the joy my daughter brought. I hope you have your own memories of her.”
“I remember her smile and laugh,” Jerrid answered deliberately. “I think she loved picnics? I recall traveling into the hills. We’d leave our horses and climb some steep slope. I’d be exhausted when we reached the top.”
“Yes, I went on a few. We passed some of those hills today. On their northeast edge, there is one that stands taller than the rest.”
“That may be what I remember,” Jerrid commented.
They left the wall and traced their way back to Jerroll’s chambers. As they opened the door to enter, they were surprised by the smell of meat roasting inside. 
“I hope you enjoyed your afternoon,” Jerroll said. He sat at his small wooden table, waiting. “Jerrid, are you still partial to lamb? I’ve a six pound leg that’s just about ready. It’s been cooking for a couple hours now, real slow, just a few pieces of split hickory to keep the coals in the stove going. It should have a nice smoky flavor.”
Jerrid’s mouth watered. He’d forgotten that his father loved to cook. 
“Oh, those men from Sligo,” Jerroll continued, frowning. “Melet came by to tell me that they arrived about an hour ago. He’s already taken them to see our cattle boss. Samuel is clever. He’ll make a quick trade, just to get them out of here. Odd thing, Melet said they were babbling about some wild Sharanth horses. They asked if we had seen any here. Now that’s about the craziest thing I’ve heard in years.” The Captain paused to study Jerrid and Axel. When neither of them reacted, he continued. “It seems I will need to keep you two busy for a time. I can’t risk having them try to follow you to Yargis.”
“Yes, as I said earlier,” Axel responded, “we thought they might follow. I’m comforted to know that Samuel will distract them.”
“Maybe we can take a ride to that lookout we were talking about?” Jerrid added, seeing his chance. “I was remembering the picnics we used to go on when I was young.”
“That’s an idea,” Jerroll answered after thinking a moment. “It would get you both out of the city and keep you away from those curious people who ask for details. A trip like that would put you out of the reach of those Sligo men too. That would definitely help me manage the little cat and mouse game you’ve set up.”
Jerrid smiled as his father took the bait. 
After dinner they sat together and relaxed. Axel did most of the talking, explaining in detail the progress made in Yargis. Jerroll seemed impressed. Jerrid listened, but knowing that his father had so little interest in other opinions, he mainly thought about Feor. Could the stallion possibly be with the herd that he had sensed earlier that evening? As Axel continued to talk, a plan coalesced in Jerrid’s mind. He regretted that it would bring anger to his father and distress to his grandfather.   
The next morning, Axel and Jerrid were up before dawn. Jerroll was already away, tending to the business of the day. Axel grew agitated as he packed a few items into his saddle bags. He failed to notice that Jerrid was stowing far more belongings than were required for a picnic. Along with the Shaper tools Jerrid packed all the nonperishable food he could find, even some items that were in Axel’s bag when the two arrived.
“Are you well today?” the young man asked, trying to be casual. 
“I’m fine,” Axel responded gruffly. “I’m sorry if I seem stern. I know you wanted to go on this trip but I am bitter that your father would so gladly shove us off, just so we don’t upset his plans,” he paused a moment to calm himself. “I feel as though we’re being treated like outcasts.”
A short time later they walked to the main gate. Jerrid was surprised that a group of five horses awaited, already saddled and tied to a rail outside the guard’s quarters. His mood improved when he noticed that Ike and Jay were there, looking a bit peeved to have been summoned to duty so early in the day. The horses stirred as the two men approached. The noise alerted a guard who stood by the door. A moment later Melet and two other men that Jerrid did not recognize emerged. Behind them, came Jerroll.
“Good morning,” Jerroll said softly. “Melet and these other men, Steven and Aaron, have agreed to accompany you today.”
“We need no guard, though you are welcome to join us,” Axel answered coldly. Jerrid looked away from his father, his glance absently probing through the open gate and into the fields beyond.
“I’m sorry, I cannot,” the Captain replied without excuse. “These men will make sure you safely get to the lookout hill and back. They understand the importance of secrecy.”
“Thank you for the concern, Father,” Jerrid interjected. “Though Yargis is strong, we who live there understand that it does not have the might of Garth, the power to withstand a direct assault from the Sortiri. Please remember that behind our hidden gates we have room for more of our people.” He paused for a moment to gauge his father’s reaction. “Before we go, I have a small request. Might there be any stock of dried apple in the guardhouse stores? I love to eat as I ride.”
Axel smiled curiously at the question. Jerroll was a bit flustered. He looked toward the guards for an answer.
“I seem to share your taste, Jerrid,” Aaron said a little uncertainly. “I have a small pouch that we can share.” He reached into a saddle bag then tossed the item to the young man.
“Thanks,” Jerrid said. He took the sack and stuffed it into his vest. 
The five riders were soon heading through the fields outside the city. They followed a path that led to the east. Dawn was just taking hold of the gray sky. Their route traced the northern boundary of the Arm. Later that morning, Jerrid noticed that the expanse of grassland seemed to widen. A rush of excitement built in his chest. It was conceivable that Feor’s herd could be in terrain like this. Anxiously, he looked southeast toward the Plains. 
Axel began to take notice of Jerrid’s distraction. He knew what it was that disturbed his grandson. 
When the group reached a point where their trail forded a small creek, they stopped to water the horses. It had been about two hours since they left Garth. The creek flowed at the base of a steep bank. Steven took his horse down first. The sky was beginning to clear from its early morning gloom. Shafts of sunlight broke through the overcast to streak the green plain to the south.
As Jerrid waited, he noticed a thin cloud of haze that hung just beyond a long narrow hillock that rested about a half mile southeast. Probably just a little wisp of fog lifting, he thought. Just to be sure, he swung Ike around and started toward it.
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he called. “I want to check something over there. I won’t be long.”
Melet looked alarmed and confused. By the time he raised his voice to object, Jerrid had brought Ike to a gallop and was out of hailing range.
“He does this from time to time,” Axel said to quell the growing look of alarm. “I think he’s looking for wild horses. He probably thinks that fog is dust rising from hoof disturbed ground.”
When Jerrid neared the crest of the hillock, another pocket of empty grassland came into his view. It stretched far into the Arm. He was about to turn away when he heard a familiar sound. Anxiously, he coaxed Ike the last few steps up the slope. Just a few hundred yards beyond its crest, a group of horses were grazing.
Before Jerrid could react, the herd stirred and most of the horses began to move away, trotting parallel to the long hillock. When he listened more closely, he noted the sound of other horses approaching from his rear. Apparently, Melet had roused the rest of Jerrid’s group from their break.
Knowing that he had little time to react, Jerrid pulled his mount back behind the slope of the hill. He motioned for the other riders to stop, and then maneuvered Ike along the base of the rise so he could try to get ahead of the moving herd. As he rode he reached into his saddlebag, retrieving a leather halter and a spare set of reins from it. 
At the eastern end of the hillock, Jerrid turned Ike sharply to the south and stopped him at a point that was about a hundred yards out into the grassland. He slipped from the saddle and reached into his vest for the sack of dried apple that was still tucked there. The herd of horses was coming straight toward him. They were running at a slow gallop and many of the animals had already begun to veer away. Jerrid’s heart raced with excitement. As a cloud of dust began to obscure his vision, he let out a shrill whistle and waited. 
It was not long before he sensed an area of darkness approaching within the pall. A moment later his heart nearly stopped. A shape formed from the darkness and it stopped just a few feet away.
“I found you again, Buddy,” he laughed. He grabbed several pieces of apple and held them outward. Feor gobbled them from the outstretched hand. 
Jerrid glanced toward the slope of the hillock to his side and realized that Axel and the other riders were watching him from the cover of the ridge.
“This is it, Feor,” he said softly, more with thought than spoken words. “I think you and I are destined to be partners. We are alike, creatures of the wild, wanting only to run free.” 
Carefully he reached out and slipped the halter over Feor’s muzzle and then fastened the strap behind the animal’s head. He gathered the loose reins into his hands and with a big jump he scrambled onto Feor’s bare back. Feor kept chewing on the apple, accepting Jerrid’s weight.  
“Hold now. I need you to help me. My father wants me to return to Yargis. I’m afraid he will be disappointed.”
As Jerrid was getting positioned, Feor lurched a few strides. Meanwhile, the men from Jerrid’s party started to advance. Jerrid swayed and rebalanced himself.
“Be careful,” Melet yelled out. “That’s quite a horse. We don’t need you falling and getting busted up.”
“Patience,” Jerrid thought, “I still must get that saddle off Ike.” 
As if he understood, Feor trotted to Ike’s side and stopped. Jerrid hopped down to the ground and unhitched the saddle. In one smooth motion he swung it and all his belongings, onto Feor’s back. Quickly he lashed the cinch strap and swung up into the saddle. 
Axel smiled. He knew how important this moment was to Jerrid. Melet grew more agitated. “What is this?” he shouted. “Your father charged me to keep you safe today. The Amber have no use for a mount like that.”
“I’m sorry, Melet,” Jerrid answered. “You’ll have to keep me safe some other time. I am not going back to Yargis. I have done my part securing that city for our people. It’s time for me to go a different way.”
“Are you crazy?” Melet replied, spurring his horse to close the gap between them. Feor backed away. Jerrid could feel the power gathering beneath him. He hoped he could hold on when the stallion decided to release it. 
“I’m sorry, Grandfather,” Jerrid said, his voice cracking with emotion. “Feor accepting me is a sign. I know my father will never understand. I hope you do. I love you and all our people. But for now, those roads are closed to me.”
Axel looked on. For a moment he was speechless. It grieved him to know that Jerrid was right.  
“I understand, Son,” he muttered back. 
Alarmed by this response, Melet urged his horse toward Feor while shouting orders for the other guards to do the same. Jerrid waited no longer. Releasing his thoughts of restraint from the stallion, he allowed Feor to flee. 
Three unfettered bounds were all that Feor needed to separate from the approaching riders. As he reached a full gallop, a bond of power surged between him and his strange new friend. Jerrid too felt it. He focused in a way he had never done before, melding his energy with Feor. The feeling of union that flooded over him left him shocked. 
Axel watched in awe as Feor sped away. Melet and the other riders tried to follow but soon stopped. They knew that pursuit was useless. They were chasing raw power, unleashed for perhaps the first time in Foedan history. 
“I’ve never seen anything so beautiful,” Axel said out loud.





Chapter 5: Beginnings


It turned out to be much harder to get away than Audain expected. Nearly a week had passed since the night of the full moon. Dressed for travel, she grabbed her bow with its quiver of arrows and headed out, ready for a day of riding. 
“At last I am spared work detail,” she thought. “It was a long time coming. I can finally connect more fully with my Emerald and relax. Today I won’t even mind if the guards say I dress like a man.”
She stopped by the commons to get some supplies before continuing to the stables. Her favorite horse was a chestnut stallion named Arum. He was fleet afoot but not speedy, something of a cross between a mountain horse and the Sharanth breed from Sligo. Pleased to find Arum in his usual stall, she wasted no time in getting him saddled. As she led the horse outside, she saw that Rendel was set to go on a ride of his own. He was preparing a spirited gray mare named Tara. The expression in Rendel’s eyes told Audain that he was as surprised to see her as she was to see him.  
“I didn’t know there was a hunt today,” she said in a matter-of-fact tone. “After all the trouble the last few days, I thought everyone would be resting.”
“There’s no hunt,” he answered sheepishly. “I’m just going to get out of the valley for a change. After working the fields for a week and then protecting sheep, I need some different air or something.”
“I know what you mean,” she replied. “I caught a little break on the last day of planting, I guess, being able to visit High Falls. But the guards finding those livestock dead in the pasture the next day, the morning after the full moon, sort of put a stop to everything.”
“Sorry, but I think your father overreacted. A few sheep killed by coyotes does not seem like it should cancel the holiday we were all ready for.” Rendel sounded uncharacteristically tense. “After all, we are surrounded by a Forest. The creatures who occupy it are wild. They have to eat too.”
“Sure, he’s a bit of a worrier. Maybe I’m to blame,” she said a little bitterly. “I’m the one who got everyone all tensed up. Sheep get killed now and then but something felt wrong this last time. I’m glad things have calmed. Still, I thought my dad was going to burst when I told him what I planned to do today.”
“And what is that?” Rendel asked.
“I’m thinking of following the road north,” she answered.
“If you are heading that way, we could go together. To be honest, I was a little apprehensive about riding off alone. Not that I’m frightened, I just don’t want to be in hot water with your father when I get back. He’s always preaching to me about safety and common sense.”
“Same here,” she said with some caution. “I sort of wanted to be alone. But if we humor my father, it will probably pay off when we get back. It looks like you’re almost ready. I’ll meet you at the gate.”
She led Arum out of the stable and pulled herself onto his back. Two men were stationed at the guardhouse when she arrived. Usually, there was just one. 
“Is anything new going on?” she asked. “Rendel and I are planning a trip along the north road.”
“No one has been out yet,” a large man answered. His name was Theodore, one of the Captain’s favorite guards and also a good friend of Rendel’s. “Does your father know about this? Since those sheep were killed he has been all over me and the other guards. He seems to hold us responsible. He forgets that it’s the scouts and hunting parties who police the Forest.”
“I’m sorry if he’s taking it out on you,” she replied. Rendel was now in sight. She waited a moment for him to arrive. “I think we’ve all been under some stress lately. He knows about my trip but I’m no better at keeping him under control than you are.”
“You should probably go before he gets here,” Theodore said.
Realizing that he was right, Audain passed through the gate. Rendel followed on Tara. They brought the horses to a trot but slowed once they were out of sight of the guardhouse. Rendel advanced into the lead after they had gone about a half mile up the slope. Neither rider spoke. They both enjoyed the quiet of the morning and were just glad to be away.
The trail was wide enough for a large wagon to travel. It switched back and forth as it ascended the valley, a distance that covered just over a mile. The road then leveled out and stretched northward another twelve miles through an area of heavy timber. The Forest then yielded to the grassland of the Arm.
When they reached the final bend at the end of the climb, Rendel stopped Tara so he could look back. “I love how you can see from here the way the city sits within the side of the cliff.”
“It’s beautiful,” Audain agreed. “You can study the whole valley. I’m surprised that the air is already clear enough to see as far south as the Highlands.”
They turned away and continued to ride. About two miles north of the valley’s rim, the road forded a small creek. They had been riding for about an hour when they reached it. 
“How is Tara handling today?” Audain asked. She stopped Arum to give him a chance to drink from a small pool. 
“She seems fresh, as ready to go as ever,” Rendel said as his mare also took advantage of the opportunity to gulp some water. “How far would you like to go?”
“I hadn’t really thought about it. The trail seems to be in good shape so we should make good time. With such an early start we might be able to get all the way to the Arm. It’s been a long time since I’ve actually left the Forest. I bet the horses would appreciate the chance to graze in the open grass.”
“That’s a long trip, especially if we’re trying to relax,” he answered uncertainly.
“You don’t have to go with me. I can always go on alone.”
“Are you kidding?” Rendel’s tone changed to one of laughter. “If I go back to Gladeis and you aren’t with me, I think your father will send me away, permanently.”
Audain thought a moment and realized that he was right. “I’m sorry,” she said. “Like I told Theodore at the gate, I can’t control him even though there are times I would like to. Listen, I don’t have a plan. I just know that I don’t want to turn back just yet.”
 “I was just wondering what you had in mind,” he answered with a hint of defiance in his tone. “I just want to get back before dark. The last thing I need is for your father to send a search party out looking for us.” Not waiting for an answer, he prodded Tara to continue.
“Let him ride ahead,” Audain thought. “I don’t need a schedule today. That’s the whole point of being out here.”
Well over an hour passed before she saw Rendel again. He waited at the edge of a shallow but steep-walled valley that stretched out before them. The road ahead turned and dropped down an incline cut into the north facing slope. About a hundred feet below, the grade leveled.
“The Green Flats look rather peaceful today,” Rendel commented when Audain joined him. “Maybe the horses will enjoy grazing in one of the meadows by the stream down there.”
“I haven’t been this way in quite a while,” Audain admitted as she looked across the valley. From the vantage, she could see that the road veered eastward to parallel the stream for about a quarter mile. It then turned north again and crossed over the water on a wooden bridge. Beyond the bridge, several groves of large trees were separated by another meadow that the road passed through before snaking up the valley’s northern bank and disappearing into the tree line.
“Why don’t you keep riding ahead, Rendel,” she said. “I love this place, especially the sound of the water as it flows through the rocks. I’ll catch up to you back in the Forest on the other side. I want to go slowly and enjoy the peace here.” 
“I’m glad you are getting the break you wanted,” he answered. “Call out if you want to turn back. Otherwise, I’ll keep going until we get to the Arm.” 
Audain waited several minutes until Rendel crossed the bridge and reached the opposite bank. As his horse began to climb from the valley, she reached out her Emerald and started Arum downward. She allowed her senses to interact with everything that grew around her. At a slow pace her stallion traversed the flats and eventually reached the top of the northern slope. 
Back beneath the canopy of large trees, she continued riding the rest of the morning. Around noon she noticed that the gloom ahead began to brighten. A short time later she squinted when Arum emerged from the heavy shadow. Amid what seemed to her as an endless field of grass, she noticed Rendel sitting a few hundred yards away on an isolated boulder. He seemed to be enjoying the rays of sunlight that filtered through the partially overcast sky.  
“I think you were right, Audain,” he yelled when she got closer. “No schedule, but here we are.” He grew silent and stared to the west. His gaze followed the roll of the grassland as the Arm, bounded by the Forest to the south and a rocky plateau to the north, reached toward a distant line of mountains.
“Right about what?” she asked feeling exposed, almost naked in the openness. Following Rendel’s example she dismounted and released her horse to graze. When she looked back to the south, she marveled at the darkness of the tree-line as it extended away as far as she could see to both east and west.
 “That the openness helps you find some perspective,” he answered. “I can’t remember the last time I felt this way. The wind is blowing so freely I think it could easily lift and carry me wherever it chose. Yet I’m touched by an underlying sadness. I have no memory of anything before coming to your valley.”
“I’m sorry,” Audain replied. She struggled with the lump of emotion that welled in her throat. “I wish I could help you retrieve it and everything else that you’ve lost.”
Rendel did not reply. A gust arose from the west and blew past them. It swirled with bits of dirt and fragments of grass. He turned to watch the little dust as it traveled up a nearby slope and disappeared at the top.
“I’d like to walk up there,” he said with a wave, “take a peek and see if there’s a better view.”
“I was thinking that myself,” she answered. 
They climbed to their feet and started walking up the rise. It was shaped like one of hundreds of narrow mounds that streaked this area of the Arm. Each was about a quarter mile wide and a mile long. The soil that formed them had been deposited by the wind over thousands of years. A hardy strain of grass covered most areas of the ground. It grew to their knees.
The length of the slope was deceiving and they both breathed heavily when they arrived at the top. A steady breeze blew from their rear as they looked eastward. Rendel laughed. After a long downgrade, the next mound rose up about a mile away. Another and another extended beyond as far as they could see. While their eyes adjusted to this unfamiliar scene, Audain looked closer at the roll of the land and noticed a thin line of brown that cut across it.
“That’s the road,” she exclaimed. “If we were to follow it, we could go all the way to a little town called Sligo. My father let me go there on one of our trading missions. I was about fourteen. It’s the only time I ever really left Gladeis. We exchanged a few wagon loads of wooden furniture for some horses and cattle. I think Arum was sired from those horses.”
“What else is out there?” Rendel asked. “It looks like miles of nothingness.”
“There’s another Foedan city out that way. I seem to remember seeing its walls from the road. It’s called Garth. Rhecca says everything there is made of stone, even the hearts of its people.” 
Rendel noticed a shift in Audain’s tone. He glanced at her but she did she did not look back at him.
Transfixed by the movement of the grass dancing away to the east, they found another boulder and sat down to eat lunch. The sun continued to break through the clouds on occasion. Rendel seemed to thrive in the open air. His face was bright with elation. An hour quickly passed before Audain realized that they needed to begin their trip home. 
“We’d better go,” she said as she rose. “As beautiful as this is we have a long ride back.”
“Just a second,” Rendel answered. He sounded a bit preoccupied.
“Sorry. I was just remembering what you said earlier about a search party. I don’t want you to be right on that one.”
“I’ve been watching something for the last few minutes,” he answered while pointing eastward to a spot just below the crest of the nearest mound. “What I thought was just a bush or a boulder seems to be moving. I wonder if it’s a rider.”
Audain focused. At first she did not see anything, but as the spot grew a little larger she picked it out. “Yes, it does seem to be someone riding. What do you think they’d be doing way out here and all alone?”
 “I don’t know. We may as well wait and find out,” Rendel said flatly.
“Let’s get to our horses,” Audain replied. “I feel vulnerable just sitting here. The road must pass us over there a ways.” 
They retreated down the slope, retrieved their horses and rode a few hundred yards north to where the main trading road intersected with the southern branch that led to Gladeis. The rider they anticipated soon crested the northern face of the grass dune. He appeared to be a young man. He rode a large bay stallion with an auburn coat and a black mane. Audain nearly gasped at the magnificent grace with which the animal carried itself. 
When the rider saw them he slowed his horse and turned slightly off the path into the grass. He seemed to eye both of their bows, especially the unusually heavy one Audain bore. 
“Hello,” she called, trying to sound cheerful. “There’s nothing to fear. We are just out enjoying the afternoon.”
The young man nudged his horse to direct it back onto the trail. It pranced nervously, reluctant to get any closer. He drew back on the reins bringing the animal to a stop. About twenty-five feet of grass separated him from Audain and Rendel.
“I am Audain and this is Rendel. We don’t come this way often. We are surprised to see you. Is there something we can do to help? We are not well-provisioned but would gladly share what we have.”
It was the third day since Jerrid had broken off alone. His supplies were low. “No, but thanks. I have plenty of food.” 
Audain eyed his thin saddlebags. “Do you have a destination where you plan to arrive in the next few days?”
Jerrid looked at her uncomfortably. “There’s food on the Plains and the Forest. One only needs to take the time to harvest it.”
“That’s true,” she answered. “Or, there might be a city where you could trade for such things.”
“I think that Gladeis is the only city near here,” he answered carefully. “I’m not sure I’d be welcome.”
“Why would you think that?” she asked. “Gladeis is a warm and beautiful place.”
Jerrid began to answer but paused when Feor took a few nervous steps away from the other horses. “Because I’m Amber. I’ve heard that we are not welcome in Gladeis.”
“That’s nonsense,” Audain replied more harshly than she intended. “Since you seem not to have noticed, we are from Gladeis. I am daughter of our city’s Captain.”
Jerrid looked back at her. “Jerrid is my name,” he said slowly. “An outcast from Garth you might say.”
“Rendel and I were about to begin our trip back when we spotted you. If you are not a criminal, there is no reason why you’d not be welcome. Even an outcast needs only the leave of the Captain to stay for a while.”
“I am no criminal, just misunderstood by my father. He too is a captain. I accept your offer.”
“We need to leave right now,” Rendel said suspiciously. “The afternoon is wearing down and we’ve a solid ride before us. Is your horse rested for a fast pace?”
“My mount, Feor, has spent little time in the Forest,” Jerrid answered. He leaned forward to rub the crest of Feor’s neck. “I may need some time to convince him, but after that we’ll keep up.”
“Convince him of what?” Audain asked.
“That the Forest is not an evil place, of course. But don’t stop and wait for us. We will find our way.”
“I won’t worry about that,” Rendel whispered as he set out.





Chapter 6: Time to Mend


Axel watched as Jerrid disappeared behind a grassy hummock. He knew there was no chance of pursuit. His grandson had achieved a dream, befriending more than taming Feor. There would be no running down an animal like that. Only slow determined pursuit could succeed. Realizing the same, Melet turned his horse and started back to Garth. 
It was late afternoon when they reached the main gate. Axel returned to Jerroll’s quarters. As he sat down alone, he realized that though he had lived in Garth for nearly seventy years, he now felt like a stranger here.
The wait was short, even shorter than he expected. Jerroll strode in, followed closely by Melet. Axel was a little surprised when a third man entered the room. It was Tecan, Jerroll’s main counselor, a Master Shaper and Axel’s old friend.
“Good to see you, Tecan,” Axel said. When Tecan did not answer, Axel knew that Jerroll was in an even fouler mood than he expected. 
“What is it that Melet is telling me?” Jerroll asked harshly. He took a deep breath, trying to contain himself. “Something about Jerrid mounting a Sharanth colt and riding away while you did nothing? What kind of grandfather are you trying to be to this boy?”
Axel looked calmly at Jerroll. “I am trying to be the type of grandfather that a grandson feels he can confide in. Before we talk more, you need to calm yourself. Jerrid is not a boy. He is a fully grown man, and a skilled Shaper.” 
Jerroll looked back, his face reddening to the point where it looked like he would burst at any moment. Fortunately, Tecan broke in before Axel attempted a reply. 
“What we need to do is understand what has happened. We must consider what the young man may be thinking and decide what our next steps should be. Axel, you have lived with him for many years now. We need you to help us understand.”
Axel waited for everyone to be seated before he began. “The horse is one I’ve seen before. In a way, Jerrid, and Feor, as he calls the colt, have grown up together. It’s been a dream of Jerrid’s to tame the animal.  His dream seems to have come true today. I suspect the bond that has been forged between the two will shape many of Jerrid’s actions.”
“I remember him always having an unusual love for horses,” Tecan said, considering. Jerroll remained silent, seemingly in control though his clenched jaw suggested that it was a struggle.
“I’ve been thinking about it,” Axel continued. “I’m afraid that I don’t have any easy answer. Jerrid spent his early years here in Garth. We both consider it to be our home. Yesterday felt like no homecoming. Obviously, he will not return here, at least not any time soon.”
“You should not have come here,” Jerroll answered defensively. “We must keep the existence of Yargis a secret. Even within our own people. Worse yet, the leading of strangers here was a betrayal of the oath you both took when you left to go to Yargis.” 
“Thank you, Jerroll,” Axel replied acridly. “You made your point yesterday. My point today is that my grandson will not be coming back!” The old Shaper paused to get control. “Nor do I think he will return to Yargis. In his mind that is a place for refuge. That does not interest him. He is curious. Where he will go to feed his curiosity is unknown to me.”
“What happened yesterday is behind us,” Tecan said before Jerroll could answer. “A man who does not understand that will be challenged again tomorrow. If we are to find Jerrid we must work together. Perhaps we should send out a tracking party. If we left at dawn we should still be able to pick up his trail.”
“If there is to be a tracking party, I shall lead it,” Jerroll snapped. “We will need our best tracker, which, of course is you, Tecan.”
“There is nothing for me here,” Axel replied. “If we catch up to him, perhaps I can persuade him to return with me to Yargis.”
“There will be no persuading,” Jerroll commented. He stood up and walked to the doorway. “His duty is to return and prepare for our future. We will not debate this. Melet, we will need supplies for at least six days. You and Aaron will join us. We will leave at first light.” When Jerroll finished speaking, he opened the door and walked out, slamming it behind. 
Melet looked at Axel, then Tecan, as if waiting for instructions. Receiving none, he stood up and followed Jerroll into the night.
“It looks like we will be taking the trail together again, Old Friend,” Tecan said calmly, still sitting at the table. “With Jerrid riding the mount you describe, it sounds as though it may be a fruitless chase.”
“I think we will find him, but,” Axel hesitated.
“But what happens then?” Tecan responded.
“Yes. If Jerroll makes demands as he intends to, we may as well stay here.”
“What if Jerroll tries to force him to obey?” Tecan asked seriously.
“The boy loves our people. I have no doubt that he will remember their need and do what is best for them. However, what Jerrid thinks is best may not be the same as what Jerroll does. Jerrid wanted to tell his father of his accomplishments. I think he is seeking closure of some sort. Yet Jerroll is so fixated on keeping Yargis secret, he lashed out, losing his chance to make an impact, to start a new relationship. If he confronts Jerrid again, the gap between them will widen further.”
“I will talk to Jerroll, right now before he gets too involved in making plans for tomorrow. It is nearly time for dinner. Please, come to my home. You are no stranger here. Deborah would love to see you.”
Axel accepted Tecan’s invitation. They left Jerroll’s flat and soon arrived at Tecan’s house. When they opened the door, the smell of fresh food made Axel’s mouth water. Once inside, Tecan excused himself on his urgent errand. Deborah cheerily greeted Axel and placed another setting on the table.
“It’s good to see you, Axel. I heard that you and Jerrid were here, but Tecan said Jerroll was trying to keep it hushed and you weren’t allowed visitors. I’m glad that’s changed.”
“Thank you for having me. I apologize for the short notice.”
“Would you like some water and maybe a slice of fresh bread while we wait? Tecan shouldn’t be too long. He has a way with Jerroll.”
“Yes, I’d like that. We can catch up on what’s happening in Garth.”
Deborah was a pleasant woman, easy to talk to and full of information. Axel learned that after the Sortiri attack, life in Garth went on pretty much as it always did, the fear forgotten in just a few months. Even interest in Yargis ebbed as Jerroll went out of his way to keep news of the city quiet. Now, five years later, the hole left in their community by the attack and the subsequent departure of so many families had combined into a single event.
“It’s almost as if you were all taken by the Sortiri,” Deborah remarked. “It sooths me to hear your voice, see your glowing eyes and know you still live. Can you tell me of your daughter? She was such a joy, involved in so many areas of our lives. Losing her was devastating to us all, none more than Jerroll. He has become a cold and calculating man since then, obsessed with fortifying the city.”
Axel glanced at his wrinkled hands and did not answer. 
“I’m sorry if I intrude,” Deborah said. “It is inappropriate for me ask such a question.”
“No, I don’t mind, I was just wondering where to start. I didn’t realize how difficult coming back to Garth was going to be, the memories and emotions. It was Jerrid’s idea. I wanted to discourage him but how could I deny the boy an opportunity to see his father, after so long? He lost the most to the Sortiri, his mother, the only home he ever knew and as it turned out, even his father. I have tried to fill the gap. But the only thing we share is our work.”
“You have much more than that, Axel,” Deborah replied. “I can see it in your eyes. I can hear it in every word you say. I’m sure Jerrid would agree that you have become the most important person he could have, a friend who understands him.”
“I’m sorry,” Axel answered trying to control his tears. “This is harder than I thought. You asked me to describe Lamil. I would have to say that she, exists. Every day she awakens, takes her meals, and functions. Yet her eyes are dark, she does not speak, her priceless laughter, extinguished. It is a terrible state. It pains me to think what her soul must be enduring. I try to maintain hope, but like beauty, it fades with time.”
“Life is not fair,” Deborah replied, also dabbing a tear. “How many times do we hear that? Not enough to make us accept it. I am younger than you, Axel, but not young. My youth is gone. I may live past a hundred years but eventually my Amber will diminish and I will be no more. Time is like a solvent, dissolving everything. It is horrible, made worse by the Sortiri. It seems you, Jerroll, and even your grandson are using work to hide from our true purpose. It may dull the pain but true joy is not there. I used to see an answer in the eyes of your daughter, the love she brought to so many. As long as she ‘exists’ as you say, there is hope she will find her way back and show us again how happy life can be.”
Axel thought about what Deborah had said. Somehow he had forgotten the importance of love and hope. Her wisdom helped him to rekindle his hope for Lamil and to soften his judgment against Jerroll. He remembered that when his own wife had died shortly after Lamil was born, the love he had for his baby daughter was the only thing that saved him. Jerroll had made a great sacrifice he realized. Sending the three people left in the family away together was Jerroll’s way to help them all find the healing they needed.
A short time later Tecan returned. “It was not as hard as I thought it would be,” he said as they all sat down to eat. “Jerroll is driven by a sense of failure. He wants Jerrid to forgive him. Maybe then he’ll be able to forgive himself. When I explained how Jerrid is struggling to find a place, I think Jerroll understood.” 
“I guess we’re all stuck in the same darkness,” Axel whispered. Wrestling with unexpected feelings of regret and selfishness, their evening passed quickly. In a fog, Axel returned to Jerroll’s apartment to sleep.   
Early the next morning the group prepared to depart, readying their mounts and loading supplies. Aaron relegated Ike to packhorse. Though the load he carried was less than what Jerrid weighed, there was a look of sulking in his carriage. Jerroll stood by, deliberately ignoring everyone except Melet. Axel thought a few times about how to open a dialogue but sensed that anything he said was likely to invoke a lasting chill into their parting.
  After a brief discussion with Tecan, Melet led them directly south. About two hours later, they reached the junction with the trading road. 
Tecan dismounted his horse and walked ahead. “I cannot be certain. The ground is hard and rocky. It appears that one or more horses have passed recently. Since there are no other roads between here and where Jerrid turned west, it seems likely he went through here. I’ll take the lead and keep a close watch. Perhaps the tracks will be clearer as we progress.”
As they traveled further west, Tecan’s confidence steadily grew. Many times, he dismounted to examine a mark or a set of tracks in the roadbed. Eventually they reached a boggy area where it was clear that a single horse had recently passed. The tracks were definitely those of a large unshod horse. The Foedan and the Comburen shod their mounts so the prints were likely from a wild horse. Since those horses roamed in herds, Tecan felt quite certain they were on the right track.
The group made steady progress over the next several days. They rode from first light to twilight, passing the Neverth River and the fork in the road that led to Yargis early on their second day. Tecan paused there to study what direction Jerrid had gone. Axel’s instincts proved to be correct. Jerrid had not returned to the hidden city.
Late in the afternoon of their fourth day, they halted. Over the last twenty miles the Arm had narrowed and the trail drifted further to the south, coming much closer to the Forest than it did back to the east. They stood at a junction where a small trail from the south intersected with the main road. Tecan appeared confused by the markings on the ground.
“I don’t understand what’s happened here,” he stammered after traversing the area on foot for nearly twenty minutes. “We’ve been following a single unshod horse for days. Now suddenly I see markings from several other horses, and if I’m not mistaken, they are wearing iron shoes. It seems clear that the horse we’ve been following turned south. What’s odd is that there are no recent tracks to the west. I don’t understand where these other horses came from but the only tracks to follow lead to the Forest.”
The other riders were concerned. The Amber Foedan were uncomfortable in the Forest. The thought that their route was going to take them south into its heart made them uneasy. 
Tecan clambered back onto his saddle, exchanging glances with Melet. “I don’t like this any better than you but we’ve come too far to turn back now. I’ll need to go slowly; at least until I’m sure they went this way.”
After reaching the Forest and riding several hundred yards, Tecan stopped again and dismounted.  “Two shod and one unshod horse passed here, of that I am now certain. Jerrid’s horse appears to have come last, trailing them. Its tracks land on top of the others. But something else is here that I have never seen the likes of.”
“What is it?” Melet said with obvious distaste. 
“After Jerrid passed, there was something else that left tracks here. They look like that of an animal with cloven feet. I can think of no wild creature in this area that would leave an imprint like that. Certainly they were not left by a deer. In the mountains far north of Garth there is a type of rare mountain goat that might leave such a track. In a Forest like this, I don’t know.” 





Chapter 7: To Heal Falsely


“We must press whenever we can,” Rendel explained. “Keep watch. Stay close.”
True to his word, whenever the trail was straight, Rendel urged his mount to a gallop. Unfortunately, within a few hundred feet some sudden bend or obstruction forced him to rein Tara in. Audain and Jerrid struggled as they followed. Slowly the sun dropped. Beneath the gloom of the overhanging canopy the riders drifted apart.
Little brightness was left in the twilight sky when Rendel started the descent to Green Flats. Audain lost sight of him though she clearly heard Tara skidding down the path. A moment later, Jerrid caught up and stopped beside her.
“The trail is steep,” she said. “It switches back and forth then flattens out at the bottom. Be careful. There’s a bridge down there. Once we cross it, we still have about an hour to ride before we reach the Neverth Valley.”
Jerrid waited as she started down. In the still air he noted the peeps of countless frogs welcoming the night. Suddenly, his senses touched upon something that did not belong. He did not understand the cause, but his heart began to race. Alarmed, he urged Feor forward. Crouched low with his head near the crest of the horse’s neck, he felt the young stallion’s power, its speed as it responded to him. Trusting to the stallion, Jerrid relaxed and allowed the energy of the surroundings to flow into him. 
After Audain began her descent, she noted a strange twinge in her Emerald. Her senses began to reel but in a different way from what she felt a few days earlier at High Falls. This sensation was more immediate. At the bottom of the grade she steadied herself. She took her bow off her shoulder and reached for an arrow. When her horse neared the bridge she saw their danger, wolves; black prowlers of the night. Their eyes glowed with an unnatural color of red. A group of them had Tara, with Rendel still perched on her back, forced up against the northern bank of the creek. Audain’s skin tingled as she sensed more of the animals creeping beneath the scattered groves of trees. As she expanded her Emerald into her wooden bow, one of the beasts turned away from Tara and lurched toward Arum. The horse screamed in fright, rearing onto his hind legs. Unprepared, Audain lost her balance and fell. Helplessly she watched as Arum sped past the snapping jaws of two wolves that blocked the path. 
“Wait,” she yelled out in vain. The large animal splashed through the creek and disappeared into the darkness.
Audain realized that the number of wolves around her was growing. She scrambled to her feet and fumbled for an arrow to replace the one that she had dropped when she fell. The wolves moved slowly toward her. She concentrated, trying to calm herself. As she again summoned the Emerald, her eyes glowed with green and her hands felt warmth as energy flowed into the bow. Carefully she drew the arrow back and aimed it at the foremost set of red eyes. When she released the bowstring, two points of crimson disappeared.  
A moment later Feor burst into the front edge of the wolves that now encircled Audain and Rendel. The stallion flailed out with both front and rear hooves, catching one of the beasts with a crushing blow. Jerrid vaulted from Feor and landed next to Audain. Brandishing a short sword in his right hand, he stepped forward to confront their nearest attackers. A quick step and lunge brought him close to one of the creatures. Carried by his momentum, he plunged the blade into the animal’s chest. The move left him off balance and exposed. 
“Watch out,” Audain cried. 
It was already too late. A dark shape leapt forward, its eyes thin slits of red in the gloom. In another bound, white teeth would close on Jerrid’s right arm. As he closed his eyes and cringed, a strange sound hissed past his ear. Audain had fired her bow. The wooden bolt it propelled flew invisibly through the night, its head finding the soft skin of the wolf. The long shaft drove deep into the creature and it fell. Jerrid moved away from the twitching body and rejoined her.
“Thanks,” he said awkwardly. “I’m glad the Emerald helps you aim so well in the dark.” 
Recognizing how close this unexpected attack had come to disaster, Jerrid paused to scan the area more carefully. Rendel was still mounted upon Tara a few paces away. Feor stood there too. Both horses were close to the bridge. The wolves seemed to have withdrawn. Their eyes still glowed as the beasts stalked beneath the trees. Back along the trail in the direction from which they had just arrived, Jerrid spotted something that did not belong. It made his heart race.  
“There’s another animal over there,” he said, concentrating his Amber to help him see more clearly. “I can’t believe it. I think it’s a wild ram or maybe a mountain goat like the ones that live in the northern plateaus. It has a white coat and its horns almost seem to glitter with light.”
“I’ve heard hunters in Gladeis talk about animals like that in the Highlands,” Rendel replied, seeming confused. Though he strained to see through the darkness, he noted little more than a gray shadow.
Audain did not dare to look. Her attention was focused straight ahead. She felt certain that multiple pairs of red eyes would rush toward her at any moment, bringing jaws filled with teeth.  
Jerrid continued to study the ram. It walked slowly toward them following the path that they stood upon. When it was about thirty feet away it stopped and studied them. Its eyes were small. They burned a bright yellow that occasionally seemed to shift to white. The ram was close enough now for Rendel to see.
“What do you think it is doing?” Audain asked after she risked a quick glance. As if in answer the animal turned slightly, and then began walking toward the area where the majority of the wolves still waited. 
“I think this is our chance to get out of here,” Rendel said. “That ram is heading right into the jaws of those wolves. It makes no sense, but that will definitely distract them. Audain, quick, get up behind me. Jerrid, get to Feor.”
They realized that he was right. Still hesitant to drop her guard, Audain retreated toward Tara. When she arrived, Rendel pulled her up onto the saddle then turned his horse toward the bridge. Jerrid was there waiting. Feor seemed anxious to get started but held steady until the mare passed. 
Upon reaching the level ground on the opposite bank, Rendel and Jerrid urged their horses to a trot. About the time the animals began the slow climb up the slope at the southern limit of the ravine, a barrage of harsh growls and yelps broke out. It filled the air with tension. Even though the sound came from the far side of the valley, all three riders shivered and goose bumps rose on their skin. They remained silent until the horses reached the top of the slope a few minutes later. 
 “It sounds like they are fighting over the kill,” Rendel said. “We should move fast. I don’t know what those wolves will do when they finish their meal.” 
“I can’t believe we were able to ride away like that,” Audain said. “Something very strange was going on there. To me those wolves felt almost as out of place to the Forest as the white ram did. But there’s no sense talking about it now. I don’t want to see those red eyes again and my father will be worried. We were late to begin with. Now with this delay, he may send out a search party.”
“That would be a comfort,” Jerrid replied. “You two ride as fast as you are able. Don’t worry about me. Feor will keep up.”
Rendel slapped the reins slightly to bring his mare to a canter. Many things in the Forest were still new to him. He put these things from his mind knowing that his focus needed to be on the trail ahead. It was up to him to keep Tara moving quickly and to avoid any mishap on this final leg of their trip. 
Jerrid trusted to his young stallion to keep pace. Without the benefit of being in an area with large amounts of exposed bedrock, he was forced to try to draw energy from the Forest to heighten his instincts. He suspected that this brought a green light to his eyes so he kept his head down as much as possible. The calmness he felt in Feor also flooded through him. Though they had been companions for less than a week, the bond between them had cemented. Jerrid felt great satisfaction knowing that even a stonecutter could do things that most people thought impossible.  
Sensing no further danger, Audain also began to relax. Though she remained perplexed by what she had seen, her immediate concern was figuring out how to explain it to her father. She was still considering this when Rendel pulled Tara to a halt. Only then did she notice the light of torches in the darkness ahead.
 “Riders,” Rendel said, “the search party from Gladeis.” 
----
Jerrid woke up to the flicker of sunlight dancing through fresh leaves. “I have no business napping in the Forest,” he thought in confusion as he sat up to look around for his grandfather. When his eyes focused upon a trellis of living green, the sight brought a sharp realization. He was alone in a strange Foedan city and his grandfather was far away. 
He lay back and studied his surroundings. The room’s remaining walls were made of smooth wood. Its furnishings were modest: two beds, a small table in one corner, and a couple chairs placed near the door. When he resumed his study of the leaves that made up the final wall, he noticed that there were small gaps in the trellis. Through them he could see Rendel sitting just outside the door. 
“Good morning, Jerrid,” Rendel called out.  “I thought I should let you sleep, rest from your long days of riding. Gladeis has a way of making one feel at ease. I’m glad you’re finally awake though. We only have half an hour left to get to the commons for some breakfast. Audain brought me a bite a little while ago, but after yesterday, I’m still famished. I can help you clean up later; get your clothes washed and find you a bath.”
“Thanks,” Jerrid answered, feeling unusually self-conscious. “You’re right. Clean clothes and a bath sound almost as good as some real food.”
“Aren’t simple things the best?” Rendel laughed. “Today you can have them all.”
When they reached the dining room, Jerrid followed Rendel to a table where they each filled a plate with food. They chose a spot amongst the many tables and sat down. The room was empty but for themselves.
They were about half finished eating when Audain and her father entered the hall.
“Please continue,” Kenyon said as they approached.
“Thank you for allowing me to stay here,” Jerrid said, trying not to sound as uncomfortable as he felt. “I haven’t eaten like this in awhile.”
“Relax, Son. We’re glad to have you,” Kenyon answered. “It sounds like you earned our hospitality by what you did in the Forest last night. An open attack by wolves, I can’t recall that happening before. And Audain mentioned a white ram?”
“I’m not sure,” Jerrid said.  “In the confusion I noticed something seemed to have followed us. She must have told you how it walked past, how we used the distraction to get away. It was a beautiful creature. It’s a shame that such an animal would fall to wolves.” 
“Very odd,” Kenyon answered, frowning. “The white ram was used as a sign of hope in the early years of Arthis. They’re common in the mountains but I’ve never heard of one being seen in the Forest. I guess we’ll have to wait to learn more,” he paused as if considering something. “In case you were wondering about your horse, I’ve had reports that it is well, though no one can get near. I don’t understand why you don’t trust us to stable him.”
“It’s not about trust,” Jerrid answered quickly. “Feor’s a wild creature, accustomed to the Plains. I didn’t want to alarm him last night. Even a stable is new to him. Perhaps there is a pasture where I can take him?”
“The south side of the river would be more suitable,” Kenyon said. “Audain can take you there later. Right now, I’d like to understand more about you and what it means to be an outcast. I can send Audain and Rendel away while we talk.”
“They can stay. Perhaps I shouldn’t use that word.” Jerrid sighed. “I left Garth on my own, due to a misunderstanding with my father. Like you, he’s in a position of command. His concern about the Sortiri runs deep, yet he excludes me from participating in the defense of our city. It’s really a personal issue between us.”
“As his son, people look to you for an example,” Kenyon interjected. “I understand that it may be difficult, but you must support him. I have these concerns with my daughter at times.”
“I understand how you feel,” Audain added, “probably better than anyone. As my father says, we have had some tense moments over the years. Tempted though I have been, I have not run away.”
“You’ve been tempted?” Kenyon said with both a laugh and a feigned look of shock. “You should have told me.”
“Captains have a way of refusing to listen,” she laughed back. 
Jerrid looked on, not knowing what else to say. He had no intention of explaining himself to strangers.
“If I were your father, I’d be worried and hoping for your return,” Kenyon said. “I can allow you to stay here for a little while. Enjoy our city. We are proud to share it. Rest up and in a few days we will put together a party to escort you back, at least to the Arm. Perhaps we’ll have some volunteers to go beyond there.”
“I’d love to see Garth,” Audain said excitedly. Kenyon looked back at her with a frown.
“You know I never turn down anything except field work,” Rendel added with a smile.
 “I’m starting to feel I should have overruled Jerrid and sent the two of you away before he and I started to talk. We can figure out the details later. For now, Jerrid, relax and learn about our ways. The Emerald and the Amber have grown too distant. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got a few items to check on. Audain, would you mind escorting Jerrid today?”
“Of course not,” she answered. 
“Thank you,” Kenyon replied then turned. “I was wondering if you could join me, Rendel. I could use your help in getting updates from the scouting parties. I’m still concerned about those wolves.”
Kenyon rose and began to leave. Rendel followed. 
An hour later, freshly bathed and wearing the cleanest clothes he found in his bag, Jerrid joined Audain. He soon realized that Gladeis was much like Yargis, both largely built upon a widened cliff ledge. They began the tour at a reservoir located near the city’s highest point, not far from the gate. 
“It is said that Deneb himself cracked the rock beneath this reservoir using his earth powers,” Audain explained as Jerrid noticed how cleverly the water was channeled through culverts into the city. “The artesian springs he created have never gone dry, even during the driest summers.”
From there they began following a path that traversed the perimeter of the city. It ran along the top of a jagged cliff edge. On its outward side it was bordered by a low wall that prevented anyone from falling to the rocks thirty feet below. At first Jerrid studied the impressive manner by which Gladeis melded into the steep slope of the valley. As they continued, he found his attention captured by the variety of trees, shrubs and flowers that seemed to thrive everywhere.
“I’m amazed by how well the plants are incorporated into each structure,” he said absently.
“This is South Point,” Audain said a few minutes later. They stopped as she waved her hand southward. “It provides the best view of the Neverth Valley, and beyond, all the way to the Highlands. The valley is the life source for our people. Along its wide slopes we grow our food and tend our livestock. Upstream we even have a mill where we saw lumber.”
 “I thought that the Emerald allowed you to shape wood with your hands. Why do you need a mill?” 
“The Emerald allows a Shaper to connect with things that grow. Intricate shaping with our hands and small tools is one way. That is how I formed my bow and because of that, in some ways, it’s now a part of me. Rough sawing of timber is not personal. It just requires lots of physical energy. Our Emerald is too precious to be used for that.”
Jerrid looked out over the valley and tried to grasp its expanse. “It’s so beautiful. It amazes me to think that this is the same river that originates near my home in a place we call the Basin. It’s a magical spot. You can’t help but feel its power.”
“I love such places,” Audain replied. “My favorite is on the far side of our valley.”
“Maybe we can go there sometime?” Jerrid asked.
Audain nodded and turned from the valley. She continued leading Jerrid along the stone walkway. It curved sharply to the north as it traced along the eastern side of the city to the area where the larger buildings stood. Jerrid’s attention was drawn to a simple structure they passed. It was made entirely of stone. Constructed with no windows and just a single door, it appeared grossly out of place. Audain continued, paying no attention to it. 
“Audain,” Jerrid called out, holding back a little and pointing. “What is that building there?”
“Oh, that’s the Hold,” she answered. “It’s a dreary place, dark and cold. It’s supposed to be a shelter for the people to hide in if the city is ever in danger. We use it to store food.”
“Can we go inside?” he asked, full of curiosity. “It seems to have some interesting stonework.”
“Of course, what was I thinking? It is a really big rock, after all.”
Backtracking a little, they took a side path that led to the Hold. The only way into the structure was through an opening located within its northern wall. Audain pushed the heavy iron door inward. Just inside, a narrow stairway descended. Only its first few steps were visible, the rest, were hidden by darkness.
“There are usually some torches stored here,” Audain said, motioning for Jerrid to wait. She stepped inside. A moment later she held a short stick. Using a small flint, she ignited a spark that quickly brought a flame to life. 
Audain started downward. Jerrid followed, gliding his fingertips over the cool granite that covered the inner passage. They soon entered a large hall carved into the bedrock. When Jerrid felt the floor level out under his feet, he began traversing the chamber, still gliding his hands along the smooth surface of the wall. He was forced to stop at times to step around areas piled with crates and barrels. Many were empty though a few contained the remnants of last year’s crop. With his Amber rising, he probed the walls as if looking for something. He stopped to concentrate upon one particular area. His eyes glowed brightly.  
“I can feel a hollow within the wall,” he said.
Audain joined him, holding the torch close. There was no indication of an opening. The stone looked uniform and solid. Jerrid concentrated further. Beads of sweat formed along his brow. Slowly, the outline of a rectangular hatch that was about two feet high and six feet long appeared. 
“That’s amazing,” Audain said. She stepped back. A thick slab of rock seemed to push itself from the wall. “I’ve been here countless times. Is there something inside?”
Ignoring her question, Jerrid maintained his concentration and grabbed the slab. He pulled it from the wall. It was about four inches thick. Slowly, he lowered it to the floor. 
Audain reached down to test its weight.
“Without Amber, it will take a good many strong backs to lift that slab,” Jerrid said. “Only a Shaper can move a piece of stone that large.”
The exposed opening seemed to be several feet deep.
“Incredible,” Jerrid said as he looked inside. “There’s a hammer, a chisel, and something I’ve never seen.” He reached into the vault and removed a flat metallic bar. It was about four inches wide, two feet long and a quarter inch thick. “See how each end is bent and rounded into a handle. We call this a float. It’s used to smooth wide areas of rough stone.” In the torchlight, the float shimmered as if made of living silver. A speck of gold glistened from the end of each of its two handles.
“These tools are very rare,” he continued, examining each in turn. “Their maker ingrained them with a little Amber to make them more useful. The tools I carry are like that too. In all of Garth, we have only a few so fine. I can’t believe what you have here. They must be protected.” 
Audain nodded and watched. When Jerrid finished, he lifted the slab to reseal it within the wall. Conscious that her new knowledge would not help her retrieve the tools, Audain wondered if her father or any of the Shapers on their Council were aware of them. 
They left the hall and went back up the staircase. The sun shining down from straight overhead told them that it was midday. Audain led Jerrid to the commons where he had eaten earlier. The room was full of people taking their noon meal. Rendel stood near the head of one of the serving tables. 
“Jerrid, I saw Feor not a half mile from the north gate,” he burst out. “I knew better than to approach him. The other guards said they’d tried but he ran off.”
“Thanks, Rendel,” Jerrid answered. “I’d like to get to him after lunch. Maybe if I take a short ride on him he’ll feel more at ease.”
“The Captain said he wanted me to tag along if you were going out,” Rendel added. “He’s worried about those wolves.”
After finishing his meal, Jerrid went to the main gate. Though he was anxious to find Feor, he took a moment to examine the construction of the wall that protected the city. The stonework was sound yet at three feet thick and barely ten feet in height, he was concerned that it did not offer enough protection against the Sortiri. He also noticed that the granite which supported the gate’s hinges and attached them into the sides of the archway was cracked.   
He was a little surprised when Audain arrived carrying her bow. “Are you expecting trouble?” he asked.
“No, I just like to have it when I’m outside the city. I’m hoping to have time for a little archery practice. It always relaxes me. Do you shoot?”
“Now and then. We take turns hunting. I’m not sure I could hit anything with a bow like that though.”
“That’s for sure,” Rendel called out, seeming to overhear. He approached the gate leading two horses. “Only Audain has a strong enough Emerald to draw it,” he laughed, “though it’s always fun to watch someone else try.”
“I didn’t realize I was going to have all this company,” Jerrid said. “I just wanted to see how Feor was doing.”
“Rendel and I couldn’t decide who should keep an eye on you.” Audain sounded a little embarrassed. “So you have both of us. Let’s go,” 
She grabbed a set of reins from Rendel’s hand and led Arum away. The stallion looked fresh as she mounted the saddle. Yesterday’s fright of wolves seemed forgotten. 
Rendel swung up on Tara. He then looked down at Jerrid and laughed. “Some hosts we are. Here, take my hand, Jerrid, and swing up behind.”
Instead, Jerrid smiled nervously and walked out into the open. He made a small circle with his thumb and middle finger, raised his hand to his mouth, and unleashed a piercing whistle. Arum and Tara both flinched. Two guards came from the guard house to check on them. 
“I’m just calling my horse,” Jerrid replied. His nerves relaxed when Feor came charging across and open area beyond the western end of the wall. One of the guards retreated to the guard house but returned in a few moments.
“I think this is yours,” the guard said. “We’ve been tripping over it all day.” 
“You two follow me for a change,” Audain called when Jerrid finished saddling Feor. She kicked at Arum’s sides and the horse started to trot along the road. The other two riders followed as she descended toward the fields and passed over the river.
It was mid-afternoon when they reached High Falls. Leaving the horses by the pool, Audain led Jerrid to the top of the falls. Rendel hung back, feeling slightly out of place.
“I told you how this was one of my favorite places,” she said as they stood and looked out over the valley. “I come here when I’m troubled. Relax now and forget that you have run away from Garth. Don’t worry about anything. Let your Amber feel the Forest.”
Her words sounded familiar he thought, almost like those he had heard a hundred times from his grandfather. When he closed his eyes, the connection he felt with the earth power reminded him of the Basin. A few minutes later he broke away. Audain could see from his expression that he knew what she knew. High Falls was an exceptional place. 
When Jerrid and Audain rejoined Rendel, the older man recognized that a bond was beginning to form between the two. He smiled and waited for them to mount their horses, then took the lead to retrace the path to Gladeis. It was late afternoon when he stopped Tara near the bridge which crossed over the Neverth River. 
“This is where Kenyon wants you to leave Feor,” Rendel said. “He can roam here with the other livestock and should be safe. It’s less than a mile to the main gate.”
Feeling a little despondent, Jerrid removed Feor’s saddle and harness and placed them in a small tool shed nearby. With the horse contentedly grazing, he smiled when he saw Rendel’s outstretched hand. 
“Just relax,” Rendel said as he pulled Jerrid upward to sit behind him upon Tara’s back. “Audain’s already left us, so hold on.” 
They were a few hundred yards from the gate when Audain stopped and called to them.
“I’ll see you two later. There’s an hour of light left and I want to get in some archery practice.”
“I’d like to join you if that’s okay,” Jerrid yelled back. He didn’t wait for an answer and was already sliding off Tara.
“I don’t want to miss this,” Rendel replied. He also dismounted and left the horse to wait. 
Audain motioned for the two men to follow. She stopped at a cluster of old stumps about a hundred feet away from the city’s main wall. “I practice here frequently,” she said. “The wood is rotted so it makes a good target that doesn’t damage my arrows.” 
As she readied herself, a green glow became noticeable in her eyes. She notched an arrow to the bowstring. The two men watched her take about a half dozen shots.
“Okay, I’m ready to see what our friend can do,” Rendel yelled, unable to wait any longer. “You’d think with arms that can shape stone, he should be able to flex a piece of wood. Give it a whirl, Jerrid.”
“It doesn’t take strong arms to wield this,” Audain replied, pausing from her work. “It takes the power of the Emerald. In essence, I’m concentrating power, storing it in the bow, and releasing it into the arrow. Rendel knows this is not for you.”
“I’d like to give it a try,” Jerrid said cautiously. 
“Didn’t you hear me? It takes Emerald,” she repeated. “You are Amber. Only a Blender can use more than one enhancement.”
“I understand. But it’s just a bow,” Jerrid said. “Even if I can’t draw it, holding it in my hand will help me learn about the Emerald.”
She took a step toward him. “Remember, it’s not your arms that matter, it’s the mind, concentration like you showed today in the Hold.”
Jerrid found that the bow was still warm with Audain’s energy when he grasped it in his hand. 
Rendel looked on, eagerly watching as Jerrid took an arrow from Audain and then notched it to the bowstring.
“Just relax,” Audain said. “Feel the bow, concentrate your energy into the wood and draw.” 
Jerrid thought about how he used his Amber shaping hammer and chisel. He focused on the bow and felt a slight tingle against his palm. He flexed his right arm and pulled. The arrow moved back about an inch. Concentrating harder, he pulled again, still barely managing to budge it. 
Ignoring Rendel’s chuckle, Audain walked over. “Relax a moment and look at me, Jerrid,” she said, positioning herself immediately before him. “The power of a stone cutter won’t work here. I don’t want you to embarrass yourself. I see Amber glowing in your eyes. I don’t think there is any use.”
“Sorry, Jerrid” Rendel laughed. “A good many Emerald Shapers have tried and failed. I’m going to head back to the stables and put these horses up.” 
Once Rendel was out of hearing distance, Jerrid turned to Audain. “Please. This is important to me. Let’s try again.”
With a sigh, she took a step back from him. “The bow is not a piece of inert stone. Think of the connection you have with Feor. Try to interact with the energy inside the wood as you do when you’re riding him. Imagine the bow as an extension of yourself. Let its energy enter you through one hand and exit from the other. As you feel it starting to take on its own essence, feel its power and draw it into your core.”
Jerrid relaxed and listened to Audain’s soft voice. He tried to picture himself at the center of a tree, a point where earth power concentrated and emerged through new growth. 
“Open your eyes and look into mine,” she said, placing her hands gently over his as he held the bow. When she gasped, he didn’t realize that it was because she saw that the eyes of a stone cutter were now glowing brightly with Emerald.
“Okay,” she said to steady her composure. “Keep your focus on the wood and draw.” 
Steadily, he pulled back the bowstring. Audain looked on as the arrow was drawn to its full length.  “Now this is critical,” she said. “When you release the fingers of your right hand, at the same moment, cut off your mind from the power of the bow so it can return to its normal state.” 
With a distinct effort Jerrid complied, then squealed out. The blunt end of the arrow thrust back into his chest with great force. Though unhurt, he nearly fell down.
Audain laughed. “You almost had it but you released your left hand too. That forced the arrow back at you. Try it again.”
Rubbing away the sting in his chest, Jerrid reconnected to the energy in the bow. Steadily he drew back the arrow, reached the release point and sent it through the air. It flew high above the target, a puff of dust marking the area where it landed. 
“Sorry,” he said. “I’ll find the arrow for you before it gets dark.”
“No problem,” Audain answered. “Try again, but add some marksmanship this time.”
“I’m usually a pretty good archer,” Jerrid reminded himself.  Once again he concentrated, drew the arrow, took aim, and released. The arrow struck the stump. He repeated the process three more times, each time hitting the target.
“I think you’ve got it, though I must admit that I don’t know if I really believe what I’m seeing. Nearly every Shaper and apprentice has tried. And now, you, well…. Let’s get that stray arrow and head back to the city.” She paused as if struck by a sudden thought. “I don’t think you should mention this to anyone. We wouldn’t want them to read too much into it.”
As they walked toward the gate, Audain knew she had just participated in something far more important than target practice. No one would believe her of course. Had she not seen Jerrid’s eyes shift from Amber to Emerald after just a few moments of concentration, she would not believe it either. There were no Blenders in the Foeland, especially one from Garth, a stonecutter with no appreciation of the Forest. 
 When they passed the guard house, someone came forward and spoke to her a moment.
“Jerrid, it seems that my father wants us to join him for dinner,” she said. “Unfortunately, we’re supposed to meet him in the Council chambers. Apparently someone else wants to meet you. Why don’t you go to your room and get cleaned up. I’ll come get you in a little while.”
Jerrid was pleased to find that someone had washed his spare garments. After going to the bath house, he sat down in the chair outside the trellis and waited. The evening was warm, a light breeze fluttering the leaves. It was almost dark when Audain awakened him from a nap. He was surprised to find her hair brushed to her shoulders. She wore a yellow dress that hung all the way to her sandals, its smooth fabric revealing a feminine shape she usually concealed.
“You look beautiful,” Jerrid said, rising to his feet. “It was such a peaceful evening, I sort of dozed off.”
“None of us have had much sleep. It was just last night, right around now, when we were fending off wolves.”
She led him to a building on the east side of the city, one of the larger structures they had passed that morning. Kenyon, Rhecca and William were waiting inside. Food was already set out on the table. 
“Welcome, I’ve already heard a lot about you” Rhecca said, nodding toward them. “Jerrid, I am the leader of our Council. I know you’ve met our Captain, of course, and this is William, another elder.”
“Thank you for joining us,” William said as they sat down. “We are honored you are here. If you don’t mind, we would like to learn more about you. It’s not often that a Foedan with a different enhancement arrives here.”
“I’m glad to be here,” Jerrid answered. “It’s only been a day, but I’ve learned so much.”
“Really?” Rhecca said, sounding a little worried. “Such as what?”
Jerrid didn’t want to alarm his hosts and have them think of him as a spy. “For starters, Gladeis is smaller than I expected, but more beautiful. The Emerald seems to be more a part of people’s lives than is the Amber in my home. Audain helped me better understand how the Emerald flows, how she uses it to manipulate her bow. I hope to try and apply this understanding to my Amber, when I have more time.” 
“Impressive,” Rhecca replied, “all that in just one day?”
“There seems to have been skilled Amber Shapers here at one time,” Jerrid continued. “They left tools in the Hold. I was wondering if I could use them tomorrow. The stone is cracked under the hinges that support the main gates. With those tools, I can make some repairs and strengthen them.”
“I’m not sure that would be wise,” Rhecca said suspiciously. “Only Kenyon and I knew of those tools.”
“I hope I haven’t intruded,” Jerrid said. “My Amber drew me to the Hold and Audain was gracious enough to take me inside. Once there, I think any Shaper would measure its power, and in doing so, sense the compartment.”
“I guess you did learn more than I thought,” Kenyon said. “To fix the gate, will you need assistance?” 
“I don’t think so. I should be able to remove one hinge at a time, repair the stone and reattach them.”
“I guess that would be alright,” Rhecca said. “Kenyon can keep an eye on you. He mentioned you left Garth due to a disagreement with your father. I was wondering why you came here?”
“Feor and I, we are an uncommon match. When he accepted me, I took it as a sign that it was time for a change. I could not do that in Garth. Since there is nothing east but the Plains, we came west.”
“What do you mean by Feor accepting you?” Rhecca asked.
“Feor is a wild Sharanth stallion. He’s really still a colt, on the verge of being considered a stallion. The spirit of the Sharanth is strong. That Feor allows me to ride him, follows my lead and goes where I ask is because we have a bond between us. I have worked to create it since he was a foal, praying that one day he would accept me. Now, we are a team.”
“I want to be clear to you, Jerrid,” Kenyon said. “My words to you this morning were as a parent. We don’t mean to push you from our city. But we feel it is important that you return to Garth. Your father and mother must be worried about you.”
“My father’s main worry will be that I’ve defied him,” Jerrid said, a little too bitterly. “My mother, she was stripped by the Sortiri five years ago. She lives, but barely knows when I am there or when I am gone.”
Jerrid’s hosts were visibly upset. They looked about the room at one another. Rhecca was the first to recover.
“We are terribly sorry and appreciate your openness with us. Sometimes life is harsh. It seems your family has been beset with sorrows, some of which may help explain why you and your father have not understood one another. We have talked enough for tonight. Please know that you are welcome here, as is Feor. More importantly, remember that the Emerald is strong in this valley. If we open our hearts, it brings healing.”
----
Rendel was still sleeping when Jerrid arose the next morning. Alone, the stone cutter embarked on his self-imposed assignment. After retrieving the float from the Hold, he arrived at the gate. The guards seemed to know he was coming. They checked on him frequently but allowed him to work. 
The gates were made of heavy logs bound by interlocking bands of iron. Jerrid was relieved to find the damage confined to within about a foot of the supports. He began at the top of the western gate. After removing an anchor, he used the float to reshape the cracked material beneath it. With his chisel and hammer, he then created a hole for each bolt and drove the steel shafts back into the stone to secure the hinge. He had been working about an hour when he heard a familiar laugh. 
“Come on down,” Rendel said from below. He stood at the bottom of the ladder with Audain.
“This may take a while,” Jerrid replied. “I’d like to keep working so I will have time to check on Feor later.” 
	“If it would make you feel better, I’ll walk to the other side of the river and take a look,” Audain said. 
“Thanks. If you bring along a few of those apples you might even make a new friend.”  Jerrid continued working. 
Audain and Rendel went past and headed out to the fields. 
Several hours later the work was completed. Jerrid realized that he was getting comfortable in Gladeis. The thought of being able to contribute made him forget about the bitterness he felt just a few days earlier. To boost his spirits more, he convinced Audain to lead him on a tour of the valley’s northern slope. They laughed and talked as they rode, even finding time to practice with her bow. It was late afternoon when they arrived back at the city.  
“It was dark when I was here before,” he commented as they descended toward Gladeis. “Now I can see that it really is a city of gardens, one built upon an Amber Shaper’s dream. There must have been an army of them here to move all the rock around.”
When they neared the guardhouse, Theodore motioned Audain from her horse. Jerrid still sat on Feor. He was trying to decide if he should stable the animal, or take it across the river to the pasture. As Audain talked to the guard, Jerrid failed to notice the concern that spread over her face. A minute or so later, Theodore returned to his post.
“My father left word that he wants to see you tonight,” Audain said when they were alone again. “Rhecca is suspicious. She worries that you’re sabotaging our gates. There’s a rumor that she wants you to return to Garth.”
Jerrid tried not to show his disappointment. “I guess tonight is as good as any to introduce Feor to a stable,” he said then slipped to the ground. The urge to head off into the Forest pulled at him. “I’ll stay with him until he is calm.”
“There’s an outdoor paddock on the far end of the building,” Audain answered. “That might be easier. I’ll come find you in a little while.”
	Feor did not like confinement, even in the relatively open paddock. “Don’t worry,” Jerrid said to sooth him. “I guess this city is not for us. I thought we might be able to get a little settled here. The wild is where we belong.”
Jerrid remained a long while in the paddock, thinking. Audain’s comments at the gate still shook him. When he finally left, he realized how tense his neck and shoulders felt. The sun was still an hour above the western horizon so he decided to walk over to South Point. The golden rays at the end of the day cast long shadows throughout the valley. The view reminded him of the times he stood atop the Court Wall in Garth, watching with his grandfather. The thought made him realize how much he missed the old Shaper. He wished his grandfather were beside him now, that he had someone he could share his feelings with.
	After the sun finally dropped from view, Jerrid walked to the commons. The hall was about half full.  Sitting alone was a man that he recognized from the stable. He had been working there earlier when Jerrid arrived with Feor.  
	“Please, sit with me,” the man said. He was about fifty years old, of average build and had black hair that was peppered with gray. “We didn’t get a formal introduction. My name is Thomp. Thank you for working on our gates today.”
	“I’m glad you noticed,” Jerrid answered. He sat down on a bench across the table from Thomp. “Sometimes stone shaping is thankless work. It’s nice when someone appreciates the things we do.”
	“I know what you mean. I spend much of my time in the Forest. Most people give little regard to scouts like me. They don’t realize that our vigilance keeps the city safe. I’m used to it though.” Thomp paused a moment to look around the hall. “There’s something I wanted you to know. Yesterday, Kenyon sent me out to look at the place where you and Audain were attacked. Some say I’m the best tracker we have. I don’t give much mind to that. I made my report to the Captain and that nosey Rhecca, but wanted you to hear what I found. I think you’ve a right to know. Sometimes things don’t get said that should get said, if you know what I mean.”
Though he did not know why, Jerrid’s heart was pounding. “Unfortunately, I do. Please, don’t stop. There was something unnatural about what we saw. A perfectly healthy white ram does not walk deliberately into the midst of wolves. By the sounds we heard, it must have been torn to pieces by them.”
Thomp looked steadily across the table. His crevassed brow twitched slightly. “I’d like to have seen what you saw, maybe hung around a little longer. There’s no mistaking when Audain shoots something with one of her arrows. We found two wolves that she killed. They were nasty looking creatures, jet black and sickly, like they had not eaten in a long time. There was another that a sword nearly cut in two. The last one seemed to have a crushed skull.” 
“Feor must have got that one,” Jerrid said with a smile. 
“Audain told me about that,” Thomp replied. “The funny thing is, the thing I never expected…, was to find more of the creatures still wandering around. They were mindless, like in a trance or something. If they were Foedan, like us I mean, I’d think that the Sortiri must have stripped their souls.”
“Another dozen wolves, you mean?” Jerrid asked startled.
“Yes, like I said, they were miserable looking creatures, like the ones that were already dead.”
“What did you do with them?”
“We don’t take to wolves prowling hereabouts,” Thomp answered slowly. “We made quick work of them with our bows, then piled their carcasses with the others and burnt the whole lot.”
“What do you suppose happened to make them that way?”
“Wish I knew. There was no sign of that white ram you mentioned. Just some tracks impressed over top of those that your horses left. No doubt that whatever it was, it had been following you. Could be a mountain goat from the Highlands, a big male I suppose. I’ve never heard of them leaving their rocky peaks though. Once those tracks reached the spot where we found the dead carcasses, they vanished. It’s like your helpless white ram stole the souls of those wolves, then sprouted wings and flew away.”
Thomp finished his last few mouthfuls of dinner then looked closely at Jerrid. “I’ll be going now, Stone Cutter. Don’t mention this chat to anyone. Rhecca made me swear to keep quiet. She thinks the news would scare everyone.  I wanted you to hear it straight. Thought that maybe you could figure out what happened.” The old scout rose and walked from the hall. 
Jerrid returned to his room. Though no one was there, a lamp burned upon the table. He felt alone. To pass the time, he slid a chair into the light and looked at a map that Rendel had left for him. Carefully he studied it, memorizing as much detail as he could.
	About a half hour later, Audain knocked upon the door. “Jerrid, my father and Rhecca are here with me. We would like to talk to you.”
	“All right, I think there are a couple chairs out there. Rendel only has two in here so we’ll probably need them.”
	“Thank you for seeing us,” Rhecca began as she and the others settled in.  “We appreciate what you said last night, your example today and the work you did on the gate. The Foedan surely need to do more to help one another, break down the feelings of distrust between our communities. We are concerned about you, Jerrid. It is important that a young man maintain a good relationship with his father, especially when you have been through so much. Kenyon and I feel that you should return to Garth, soon. To show our good faith, we’d like to have a few riders escort you. It would be a good opportunity for our people to learn to trust one another.”
“What do you think, Jerrid?” Audain said, ready to volunteer for the trip. “Rendel has offered to go too. The three of us can leave the day after tomorrow. We’ve already had one adventure together.”
Jerrid did not know how to respond. Rhecca looked toward him anxiously. He thought they were being sincere yet he had no intention of returning to Garth. The notion of sneaking away on Feor tempted him, yet he liked these people and did not want to leave them on bad terms. 
“Thank you for your offer,” he said, obviously struggling. “I don’t know how to say this, so I will just be very direct with you. I have no desire to return to Garth, at least not now. There is nothing for me there. I didn’t intend that my coming here might somehow increase the strain between Garth and Gladeis. Given the way you feel, I should leave. I can pack up and be gone in the morning.”
Rhecca looked at him in surprise. “I appreciate your being forthright with us, Jerrid. There is no reason for you to rush away. You are welcome to stay here. We merely felt it would be better for you to return home.”
“I’ve begun to realize that I can’t go back, at least, not until I learn more. My mother has been taken by the Sortiri. My father may as well have been too. There is nothing more I can do in Garth. I cannot wait like my father, building thicker and thicker walls.”
“What do you think you can do, Son?” Kenyon asked. “All are helpless against them.”
“I can’t accept that,” Jerrid said, more harshly than he intended. “I don’t know. Learning more about the other Foedan, the Comburen or anything else is surely better than hiding. My grandfather told me the Sortiri were killers of hope. Even though you have been spared them, already you seem to have none.”
“That is not what he meant,” Rhecca interjected. “There is always hope, especially in the power of Emerald and the safety of Gladeis. I admire your courage. Remember though that there is danger in these lands. There is no need for rashness.”
Jerrid looked back at her but said nothing. He remembered how the Sortiri broke past the combined enhancements of Garth’s best Shapers.
“I see in your eyes that you are resolute in this,” Kenyon said, as uneasy now as he was earlier. “What do you plan to do?”
“When I was younger, I heard stories about the other cities. I’ve seen Gladeis now and understand something of its people.” He paused for a moment, stood up and retrieved the map he was studying when his guests arrived. “I’ve been thinking that the road along the river would bring me to Deluge. From there, I could go north to Rhindus or south to Arnot.”
“A journey like that would be foolish,” Rhecca said impatiently. “We cannot support a rash trip like that. The Comburen in Arnot have nothing in common with the Foedan.”
“I did not expect any support. A few provisions perhaps, for my work today. I was thinking to leave tomorrow.”
“Very well,” Rhecca answered. She rose to her feet indignantly. “Kenyon will see you off. If you reconsider, you are welcome to stay here until you are ready to go home. Our offer of an escort stands.” 
Rhecca left the room. Though Audain and Kenyon lingered a moment, they soon followed. Audain was visibly disturbed by what just transpired. 
“Father,” she said desperately as they walked along a path leading toward their rooms. “This is crazy. We cannot send Jerrid off alone. We must keep him here until he reconsiders.”
“You heard him. Perhaps it is stubbornness but there seems to be no dissuading him. We must respect his will, lest we drive him from us.”
“You don’t understand, Father,” Audain responded, almost in a whisper. “I am afraid. My bow, the Emerald. I’ve been waiting to tell you. You see,” she hesitated a moment.
“See what?” he replied. “What are you trying to say?”  
“Jerrid can shoot my bow,” she answered bluntly. “He is a good archer. He can shoot my bow as well as I can. Maybe better!”
“There are many good archers amongst the Foedan, my dear,” Kenyon said absently. “That Jerrid is trained in this skill is no surprise.”
“You don’t understand. I said he can shoot MY bow, my heavy bow, the one that no other Emerald has mastered. I explained to him how I use the Emerald to draw it. He listened, tried a few times and he did it.”
“You mean he used Amber somehow to do this?” Kenyon asked, growing both more confused and alarmed.
“No, I mean he drew on the Emerald, just as I do. His eyes were as green as any Shaper I’ve ever seen.” 





Chapter 8: The Highlands


Jerrid woke up an hour past sunrise. Rendel was already gone, roused earlier for another scouting party he assumed. He went to the commons for breakfast. As he finished, a woman came toward him carrying a small pack.
“Rhecca asked me to put some supplies together for you,” she said. “Just simple items, I’m afraid: jerked meat, cheese, hard bread, and some dried fruit. It should carry you through for a week, maybe a little longer.”
“Thank you,” he replied. “Tell Rhecca I was very grateful for the help.”
It didn’t take Jerrid long to round up his belongings. He found Feor anxious to be on the trail. The stallion pranced in agitation as Jerrid brought him from the paddock, cinched down the saddle and latched on the supplies. So agitated was the horse that he felt relieved no one was nearby. He was nearly finished when Kenyon arrived. 
“I’m sorry to come alone to see you off,” the Captain began. “There are new reports of wolves to our east. Audain and Rendel went with a group of scouts to investigate.”
“I would like to have told them goodbye,” Jerrid replied. “I’m afraid I can’t wait for them to come back. My heart tells me that I need to be going.”
“I suspected as much. The road you spoke of taking begins above the cleft on the other side of the valley. It is well marked for about ten miles westward. Stay near the river and you’ll end up in Deluge. It’s a long trip though. Plan to be riding for five or six days. Your provisions should hold out that long.”
“Thanks, Captain. I don’t mean to impose, but there’s a favor I wanted to ask,” Jerrid reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper. “If anyone comes from Garth, I was hoping you’d give them this. I’d like you to read it first.”
 Kenyon took the paper and began to read. When he finished he looked up at Jerrid. “We would be honored,” he said, his voice sounding choked. “I see in it the love you have for your mother. I think you’re right. The peace we have in this valley will help brighten her darkness. I will see that your message is delivered.”
Jerrid smiled and turned away. He pulled himself onto Feor’s back. A short time later, he was alone, looking at the long slope that ascended the south side of the valley. Far above he thought, beyond the grassy pasture and the escarpment wall, the grade leveled and the Forest rolled southward. A new adventure must be waiting there. He just needed the courage to look for it. 
Without looking back, he started his mount upward. Feor moved quickly and soon reached the shelf above the escarpment. When Jerrid paused to look northward toward Gladeis, he thought that he heard something. He looked closer. Though a boulder obscured his view, he was certain that two riders were coming toward him. Feor seemed unusually relaxed, he thought. A moment later, he realized why. 
“What are you doing here?” he called. “I didn’t recognize you at first.”
“We are your guides, of course,” Rendel laughed. “We’re a team, the three of us. Didn’t Rhecca tell you?”
“Rhecca!” Audain said, rebuking Rendel’s effort to make a joke. “She didn’t send us. It’s because of her we had to hide out and wait for you. She would never approve. It’s my father who wants someone to keep an eye on you.”
“What?” Jerrid said, still not believing the words he was hearing. “Your father wants you both to go with me?”
“I wouldn’t put it that way,” Audain replied. “Last night he told you what he wanted. He hasn’t changed his mind. Under the circumstances, he felt it was worth Rhecca’s scorn to send some guides. We were not only the first volunteers, but he trusted us to keep his secret long enough to get away.”
“I’m shocked,” Jerrid responded. “I only wish I knew where I was going.” 
While they laughed, Rendel rode a few hundred feet farther up the main trail. He stopped at the point where it bent sharply to the southwest. 
“If we’re going to Deluge,” he called, “all we need to do is head this way.”
Jerrid came up behind him. The trail leveled out somewhat. Feor pranced anxiously, eager to stretch his muscles.
“It seems that Feor needs to loosen up a bit,” Jerrid said. “This way looks like a good choice to me. You two can catch up.” 
No sooner had the last word left Jerrid’s mouth, than Feor bolted along the trail. Rendel and Audain followed. Their horses trotted at a much slower pace as they weaved through some patches of scrubby pine trees. About twenty minutes passed before they spotted Feor again. The animal walked toward them. Jerrid sat upon his back, looking winded.
“That’s much better,” he laughed between breaths. “There was no holding him back, not after being cooped up last night.”
“So, Jerrid,” Rendel answered seriously. “You seem to forget that I’m your guide. For me to do my job we need to establish two things. First, you have to stay behind me. Second, where are we going?”
“Well,” Jerrid said, as if he was considering the question for the first time, “now that I have a guide, maybe you can tell me what the options are.”
“That’s easy,” Rendel answered. “This path runs parallel to the Neverth and traverses the ridge that separates the valley from the Highlands. Though I’ve never gone that far, there’s a major junction ahead. Deluge is due west, Rhindus is north, and even the Comburan city of Arnot can be reached from there, though it is far to the south.”
“I didn’t realize there’d be such a big decision right away,” Jerrid replied knowing that the junction was at least a four day ride. “Lead on, Mr. Guide. I promise not to wait too long to make up my mind.”
The valley’s upper slope was varied enough so that the heaviest growth of the Forest struggled to take hold. Groves of stately trees were interrupted by thorny brush and narrow bands of grass whose dry stalks stuck out in clumps that looked like the quills of a porcupine. Away to their right the river could occasionally be seen as it snaked along the valley floor. After several miles of riding they entered an area dominated by large pine trees. The ground beneath them was covered in a thick mat of long needles. 
“I love places like this,” Jerrid exclaimed. “Don’t you think that’s crazy? I come from a family of stone cutters! White pine, like these, the really tall ones, if I hadn’t been born a stone cutter, I’d want to be one of them.”
“I’d like to be an arrow,” Audain laughed in response. “Especially one that I just loosed high into the sky from South Point. What about you, Rendel? What would you be if you weren’t you?”
“I don’t know,” he replied sullenly. “Did you forget? I’m just trying to figure what I am right now. Dreaming is a luxury.”
“One thing’s for certain,” Jerrid said, not realizing that his eyes had taken on a green tint, “none of us are going to find answers to our dreams unless we look in new places.”
“What’s up with your eyes?” Rendel said. “It almost looks like Emerald.” 
“That’s exactly what it is,” Audain added. “I’m still having trouble grasping it.”
“Really?” Rendel said doubtfully, “How did you do that?”
“I listened to Audain and did what she said,” Jerrid answered. He smiled when Rendel’s face showed a look of alarm.
“Get me out of here, Tara,” the older man scoffed. He shook his reins to get the mare to start walking again. 
Audain held back a moment. She looked to the east. Beyond the breadth of the valley she could just discern the upper slopes that lay above Gladeis. She wondered for a moment when she might return. When she turned forward again, she noticed Jerrid watching her. The look of understanding in his eyes told her that he knew of the difficult choice she had made. 
“Have you ever wondered what you could be if people didn’t try to make you into what they wanted?” he asked. Not waiting for an answer, he prodded Feor to catch up to their guide.
The rest of the morning they concentrated on riding. Jerrid felt guilty about taking Audain from her home. He knew she was content in Gladeis. Rendel, on the other hand, liked to travel and was more at ease on the move than locked up in a city. 
Near midday they passed a large abutment of bedrock. It jutted about a hundred feet above the surrounding area.
“I’ve been here a few times,” Rendel said. He stopped Tara and pointed at the top of the abutment. “We should climb up there for our lunch break. The view gives a good perspective of the land around us.”
They left the horses to graze and scrambled upward. At the top, each of them chose a place to sit amid the rocks. To north, east, and west, the Neverth Valley dominated as it stretched out. Far to the south, waves of tall spruce and hardwood seemed to build upward, only to be dwarfed by the presence of the Highlands. Only the peaks of this broken and weather reduced mountain range stood out, barren and naked in the afternoon sun. 
“I see what you mean, Rendel,” Jerrid said once settled. “Look at that one peak there. It really stands above all the others. It’s kind of odd the way it looks so flat at the top.”
As they studied the mountain, a bright light flashed from its summit. 
“What was that?” Jerrid shouted. He jumped to his feet.
“Relax, the Summit is known for things like that,” Audain said. “I’ve never seen anything that bright though. Usually it’s more of a reflection, like sunlight hitting something polished.” As she spoke, she shivered, recalling the tendrils of light that came from there during the night of the last full moon.
“I don’t think that was a reflection,” Rendel replied.
“How far away is that place?” Jerrid asked. 
“About ten miles,” Rendel answered.
“You’re not thinking about going there, are you?” Audain asked before laughing nervously.
Jerrid ripped off a chunk of bread from the loaf she passed his way. “You have to admit, it does catch your eye.”
“I thought the same thing the first time I rode this trail,” Rendel said. “No one goes there though. Not even the best scouts in Gladeis.”
He and Audain fell quiet, offering Jerrid no explanation. The stone cutter waited expectantly. Eventually, his curiosity got the best of him.
“So what’s the big secret?” he asked expectantly. “That Thomp I met seems like the sort of man who goes where ever he wants.”
“Not even he goes to the Summit,” Audain replied, looking uneasily toward Rendel. “There are many reasons.” 
“For starters, there is no trail,” Rendel explained. “The land between here and the plateau at the base of the Highlands crosses a series of escarpments. You can see them from here, set up almost like huge stairs. Each one rises higher than the next. Some of them are separated by ravines, steep on both sides, and obstructed by thick briar. Even Thomp says that nothing bigger than a rat can find its way through that maze.” 
“I’ve always heard stories,” Audain added. “They claim that the Summit is alive. Even if you find a way to its base, the stories say that it will turn you away. It’s been a long time since anyone from Gladeis has tried to go there.”
“I like stories,” Jerrid answered as he sat back down. “I’d like to learn more, if you don’t mind. We can afford a long break, can’t we?”
“Sure,” Rendel laughed. “Since you haven’t decided where we’re going, I imagine we could stay here until our food runs out. We’ll just need to ride back to Gladeis and get more.” 
Jerrid scowled slightly, not amused by Rendel’s sense of humor.
Audain smiled, though she continued to be troubled by memories of strange events from the night of the last full moon.
“All right,” she said trying to sound cheerful, “but it is a long story. I don’t think it has ever been written down. But since it concerns all Foedan, you may have heard it.”
“Take your time,” Jerrid said. “We can send Rendel back for food if you drag on.”
“When I was young, an old man used to visit our city from time to time. I don’t remember his name. He arrived unannounced, mysteriously walking in from the Forest. A day or two later, he’d leave the same way. Some said he was from Rhindus though I don’t recall him ever mentioning that. 
“He loved to talk about the early years, especially the time before Aradith fell. The story of the Summit begins there, with Arthis, the only King the Foedan have ever known. 
“Arthis grew up in a small village, one of hundreds that lay scattered throughout the Foeland at that time. Typically these villages consisted of only a few families that linked together because they shared a common earth power. Though Arthis possessed the rare ability to command all four of the earth powers, his greatest gift was the charisma to unite others to help him. His life-long vision was a future where the Foedan lived together in a single community.
“With the help of a handful of Shapers, Arthis built a great palace. Part of the palace consisted of a tower atop which rested a garden. Within the garden was a spring. It flowed with water so pure that any drinking from it felt in touch with the earth powers. As the legend of the fountain spread, many Foedan came to the palace. Over a period of a few years, a city sprang up around the palace. Arthis named it Aradith. The city grew quickly. Out of respect, the people who came to live there began to call Arthis their King. 
“Arthis found joy in children. Father of six, he loved to spend time teaching them about the beauty of the earth powers. His four daughters combined their outgoing personalities with a natural tendency each possessed toward one of the earth powers. Aided by their father’s lessons, they made great gains toward becoming Shapers. 
“The King’s sons were more reclusive. They seemed disconnected from the Foedan enhancements. The younger son, Deneb, was inquisitive and persistent. Though he learned slowly, he spent many hours with each of his sisters. He gained bits of insight from them that later enabled him to develop a mild ability in all four earth powers. 
“Deneb’s brother was named Toldor. Some said that Toldor was pampered and lazy. He achieved no connection with any of the earth powers. Instead of challenging him to work harder, Arthis told his oldest child not to worry because one day everyone always found their natural inclination.
“When Toldor grew to adulthood, he married and had two children, boys named Apollo and Mars. As they grew it became apparent that like their father, they were barren of earth power. Frustrated and feeling jealous of his sisters’ growing abilities, Toldor took his sons south and founded a new city called Toldoris. Toldoris was ill-conceived and without beauty. Though few of the Foedan would dwell there, the common people that lived in the area flocked to its harbors and helped develop it into a center of commerce. Realizing that the city was shunned by his people, the ‘Eldest’ as Toldor came to be called, was infuriated. After five years he abandoned Toldoris to its own fortunes and returned to Aradith with his sons.
“Mindful of Toldor’s hidden resentment toward them, the four sisters mistrusted him. They decided to leave the capital and establish their own cities. By now each woman had developed Foedan skills. Though limited to a single enhancement, within it they were unrivalled by any other Shaper. Arthis knew that they would succeed, but he wanted them to achieve the balance that he had long sought for all Foedan. Therefore, he sent Deneb out to travel between the capital and the four new cities. He hoped that Deneb’s balance as a Blender would help his daughters understand how the earth powers were interconnected and dependent upon one another. 
 “One day, a feeling of dread fell over each of the sisters. Knowing that something was wrong, they returned to Aradith to see their father. Along the road they passed refugees who had fled the capital in panic. The refugees spoke of a calamity that had destroyed the palace and caused much of the city to burn red with fire.
“When the sisters arrived they found only ruin where the city that was once the pride of their race had stood. There was no sign of the King or their brothers. They had come too late. 
“Unable to explain what had happened, the four women left Aradith and never returned. To grieve their loss, they are rumored to have established a shrine dedicated to the memory of their lost family. Legend says that the place is protected by the earth powers. No one knows where it is though some people believe that a peak within the Highlands is its home.” 
Audain paused, waiting as Jerrid and Rendel reflected upon her words. “I’ve never really believed the tale,” she continued. “I sort of thought that the old man who told it was lost or crazed. He had this wild look. Sometimes his eyes were completely white.”
“Did your father or any of the elders ever listen to him?” Jerrid asked.
“I don’t recall. Even now the Council never says anything.” Her voice sounded bitter. “They let Rhecca control them. She has always been closed and guarded. I think that my father believes the story but it puzzles me. If the account were true, why wouldn’t it be preserved in writing, stowed within every Foedan library?”
“Our people are proud,” Jerrid answered. “Maybe they wanted to hide the truth. Of course, if we tried to get a closer look at the Summit, we might find out for ourselves.”
Rendel glanced at Audain then shrugged his shoulders. 
Jerrid waited but when no one spoke he stood up. “Since your father knew the old man was talking to the young people,” he began, “he either thought the stories were harmless or important. The way that light flashed at us tells me there’s something atop the Summit that needs to be investigated. I understand if you two don’t want to come. By the sound of it, I may never get up there, but I think I should try.”
“I’ll give it a go,” Rendel said after looking once again at Audain. “Of course, you will have to find a trail through that maze.” He pointed toward the bramble that blocked their southward passage.
Audain remained silent. Her arms were crossed and locked upon her chest. The memory of the full moon was enough to convince her that Jerrid was right. It also made her realize that the other stories of the Summit rejecting intruders might be true. 
“Well?” Jerrid asked. “We’ve been up here long enough.”
When Audain still failed to acknowledge him, he started downward. Feor was waiting when he reached the base of the rock. As Rendel slowly crept down to join him, Jerrid mounted Feor and began to study the edge of the thickets. He was surprised how closely packed they looked and wondered how he had failed to notice them earlier.
Reluctantly, Audain got up and followed. Jerrid was already about one hundred feet down the path when she hoisted herself onto Arum’s back. With a quick tug on the reigns, she guided the horse to join up with her friends. No one said anything when she caught up but the smile and wink she got from Rendel confirmed that he was glad to have her with them.
With a burst of confidence Jerrid turned Feor into the brush. He hoped that somehow he could blaze a trail to the Highlands. After progressing just a few hundred yards, the dry stream bed that he followed disappeared beneath a hedge of young hawthorn trees. Their thorny branches made it impossible to proceed.  Feor stopped. The horse realized that any additional progress would come at the cost of punctured and torn skin. 
Jerrid glanced back at Audain. The look she returned said, “I told you so.” Yet without voicing her thoughts, she moved to the lead. Jerrid smiled sheepishly and watched as she began to concentrate on the bramble. 
“Follow me, Gentlemen,” she said a minute later.
Amid what moments earlier appeared to be an impassible wall of thorns, Audain guided Arum. The animal entered a narrow crease in the foliage. Somewhat shocked, Jerrid rushed to follow.  Rendel was close behind. 
Audain continued to forge a path. Deep in concentration, her eyes flared with a vibrant green as she reached out to the plant growth and allowed its energy to flow through her.
As they advanced, Jerrid began to realize what was happening. In response, he relaxed and used the contact of the branches brushing against his thighs and shoulders to allow him to connect to the energy field Audain created. He remembered the lessons she gave him a few days earlier and used that experience to expand his connection. Carefully, he embraced a small area of brush and merged with the life force he felt there.
Audain pushed on oblivious to the Emerald glowing in Jerrid’s eyes. Only once did she tire. The trail started to close but she soon felt a surge of energy and used it to push her forward. She did not realize that Jerrid was its source. Regrouping, she continued for another hour before reaching a rocky clearing. She stopped and waved her hand to point at a massive sheet of sandstone that stretched out before them. 
“You’ll have to take it from here, Jerrid,” she said. “I’ve gotten us through so far. That’s the thickest patch of prickers I’ve ever seen. And something kept pushing back at me. I don’t know what it was but it never let up.”
Though he was also tired, Jerrid felt invigorated by the proximity of the escarpment. Running perpendicular to their route, its steep and barren face rose upward about two hundred feet.
“That was amazing, Audain,” he said, stopping alongside her. “Thank you for joining us. We’d never have gotten anywhere without you. Can all the Emerald make a trail appear out of nowhere?”
“That’s the first I’ve seen of it,” Rendel said. “I’ve been visiting the Forest for three years now, sometimes with the best woodsmen Gladeis has. They’ve led me through some thick stuff, but nothing like that.”
“Truthfully, when we started out, I didn’t think we’d make it a hundred yards,” she answered. “Then something sort of kicked in and helped me push through. I don’t know what it was.”
“I think Jerrid might be able to explain.” Rendel said. He looked suspiciously at the stonecutter.
“What does that mean?” Audain asked. 
Jerrid slipped off Feor’s back and slumped down on the ground against a broken slab of sandstone. “I’ve been trying to reach out to the Forest like you taught me. When I sensed you tiring, I looped into your energy flow. I thought it might help.”
“His eyes were glowing as brightly as any Shaper I’ve ever seen,” Rendel blurted. “I don’t know what he’s up to, talking of Amber and all. He’s more Emerald than anyone I know.”
“It’s okay, Rendel,” Audain said. “We weren’t kidding back there, you remember, when we stopped beneath the grove of white pine. He’s Amber all right. But he’s Emerald too. The day he tried to shoot my bow, do you recall what happened?”
“Yes,” Rendel said though he acted a little agitated. “He looked as much a fool as anyone else.”
“But after you left, Rendel, we kept at it. Then out of nowhere, he suddenly caught on.”
“What do you mean, caught on?” Rendel asked more loudly than was necessary.
“I mean he started to control it,” Audain answered. “I don’t know how or why, but he can shoot my bow.”
Rendel sat in disbelief. “Does anyone else know of this?”
“I told my father last night. I don’t know who he may have told but it didn’t take him long to decide that you and I should escort Jerrid.”
“Escort him where?” Rendel asked.
“Yeah,” Jerrid interjected. “I’d like to know that too.”
“It was more like him wanting us to keep an eye on you,” Audain admitted with a laugh. “Keep you from doing anything stupid.”
“That’s more like it,” Rendel responded a bit more easily. “But if that’s what we’re supposed to be doing, why in the world are we trying to get to the Summit? It seems to me that climbing that mountain is about the stupidest thing we could do.” As Rendel ended he burst out laughing.
“I suppose you’re right,” Jerrid answered though Rendel’s laughter made it difficult. “As crazy as it seems, I do think that I can get us up this next incline.”
“That will help,” Audain said, “just give us a few minutes to rest.”
It wasn’t long before they were ready to go. Jerrid realized the slope was too steep to traverse while mounted. With reins in hand, he led Feor along, following a fissure in the stone. It provided a shoulder-width path upward. Audain was next, with Rendel last.
The fissure ended at a long shelf-like landing about midway up the slope. The rock above was less steep than the stretch they just scaled, but it was completely smooth and offered no passage. 
“What is that?” Audain asked while looking toward the eastern end of the shelf. She left her horse behind and walked in that direction. “I can’t believe it! It’s a white ram, like the one that we saw in the Forest that night. I think it is dead.”
Jerrid and Rendel joined her. Rendel knelt down next to the creature. Its coat was stained with blood. When he touched the animal it stirred, and then struggled into a sitting position. Everyone took a step back.
“Its chest is all scratched up,” Rendel said, “like it just made its way through the thorns. There seem to be a few deeper wounds on its legs. They look like bite marks.”
The three travelers exchanged glances. They all wondered the same thing. Was this the ram that came to them in the Forest and distracted the wolves so they could escape?
“It looks like it ran out of energy trying to climb up this rock face,” Audain said. “Poor thing. A mountain goat like this is made to climb. It managed to get through the brush but found that its way up was blocked by something as familiar as a rock wall. Pretty ironic, I’d say. Jerrid, while you figure out our next move, I’m going to find some water and a little straw for the beast.” 
As Audain walked back down the slope, Jerrid went to the western end of the landing and took the chisel and hammer from his belt. Rendel looked on skeptically. His expression soon changed as Jerrid’s work at chipping through the stone showed progress. By the time Audain returned, the stone cutter had already removed enough rock to continue the climb upward about a dozen feet.
There was about an hour of daylight remaining when they moved on, leaving the injured ram behind. Already it was standing on its own and seemed to be growing stronger. The three companions began to advance toward the top of the slope. When they cleared its crest, Audain’s heart dropped. About two hundred yards ahead, across a flat shelf of sandstone, was another wide patch of thorny brush. Beyond it, a second rocky incline rose up.
Rendel could not contain himself and began to chuckle. “I’m sorry. I was just remembering that we were here to make sure Jerrid didn’t do anything stupid.”
Jerrid was not amused. As he prepared to respond, the laughter suddenly stopped.  Instead, Rendel pointed southwest toward the Highlands and its highest peak, the Summit, still five miles distant. The three stood side by side and looked on in wonder. As the sun began to set, the massive granite column that formed the mountain transitioned from its normal gray into a shade of red. Yet the feature that attracted their attention was located at the very pinnacle of the monolith. There, a natural beacon glowed with shifting colors. First was the harsh white Opal glare of Rhindus, city of wind. As the white faded, a soothing blue emerged, Sapphire, the enhancement that belonged in Deluge, city of water. After the Sapphire came the deep Emerald of Gladeis. Finally, with the last rays of sunlight slipping over the horizon, the golden Amber of Garth appeared. 
Audain looked over at Jerrid. His eyes glowed with a matching gold. “I think you’re onto something,” she said absently. “There’s a power here and we need to know what it is.” 
No one noticed that when the sun finally disappeared behind the horizon, the Amber yielded briefly to crimson before fading into the night. 
Jerrid turned toward the others. “We will have to make camp here. There’s really not much sense in tackling another swath of thorns today.” He walked away from the cliff’s edge to look for an area to unpack the horses. He selected a spot where a cluster of large boulders were surrounded by a few twisted pine trees. 
It wasn’t long before they had settled in. Rendel busied himself with flint and a steel striker from his tinderbox. His efforts resulted in a small fire. They finished their meal as the stars sprouted out into the clear night. A warm breeze blew from the south. Occasionally, lightning flashed on the horizon.
“It looks like we might get wet tonight,” Rendel said with little concern.
“I think we’ll be okay,” Audain answered. “Usually storms don’t come from that direction. I like this breeze though. It helps clear my mind.”
“I feel that way too,” Rendel replied. “On a night like this I feel like I could suck up every bit of it and float away through the darkness.” 
Like the others, Jerrid’s spirit was soaring. “Audain, do you remember when you showed me how to shoot your bow?” he began. “You told me to let its power course through me. That helped me realize I had been fighting the power within the wood instead of making it a part of my core. Once I accepted that, I was able to take control, almost like it was a part of my body. We should all try that now. Just relax and let our consciousness feel what is happening around us. You taught me something that I think everyone can use to become a part of the earth power we feel here.”
“But I have no enhancement,” Rendel replied sounding dejected.
“It doesn’t matter,” Audain said, getting excited by the idea. “Relax and focus on whatever you want, Rendel. Just a minute ago, you said you felt the energy in the wind. Draw it in and let it course through you just like you said. I think I will try to connect with this pine tree.”
“Audain is right,” Jerrid added. “This doesn’t take some special power. I’m going to try to draw upon both the tree and this sandstone at its base. What could be better than that for a rock cutter?” 
He reached over and placed one hand on the tree trunk and the other against the ground. Nervously, Audain did the same. Rendel stood up, lifted his arms, closed his eyes and began to breathe in the breeze. At first, all of them were tense, but the lines on their clenched brows soon disappeared. With the evening stars slowly rotating above, they held their positions. Audain was first to return. She waited until her companions did the same.  
“That was exhilarating,” she exclaimed, her voice calm but obviously touched by the experience. 
“I feel like I’m a kid again,” Rendel replied. “I’m as light as the wind. I will surely sleep better tonight.”
 “You look great, Rendel,” Jerrid laughed. “An Opal Shaper if ever I saw one.” His laughter stopped when he discerned a faint glimmer of white in his friend’s eyes. The stonecutter dismissed it to the reflection of a sickle moon that was rising.
“What about you, Jerrid?” Audain asked. “How did it work for you?”
“At first I felt the rock, old and strong,” he began. “The pine was a refreshing contrast. Even though a tree like this could be hundreds of years old, it created a sense of youth and vitality. Together they brought me a feeling of peacefulness that I’ve missed since I left… my home.” He wanted to say Yargis but caught himself. 
 “It sounds beautiful,” Audain said. “My experience was different. I don’t think I reached deep into the stone; but this pine tree! It was as if I could feel each year of its life, like I was walking back in time to before the Emerald Foedan came to the Neverth Valley. It was an odd feeling, eerie but wonderful at the same time.”
Rendel built the fire back up as Jerrid walked away from camp to check on the horses. He only had to go about a hundred feet before he found them. They seemed to have eaten their fill of the thin grass that grew in the area and were resting. He stroked Feor’s snout for a few minutes. As he headed back to the fire, he heard a noise. Looking toward the edge of the cliff where they had ascended earlier, he saw a white shape in the darkness. 
“It looks like your nursing job worked,” Jerrid called toward their camp. “That ram has followed us up here.”
As the animal began to walk toward him, Jerrid noticed that the creature seemed to have undergone a miraculous recovery. It looked to be twice the size of what he expected and it walked with pride and power. Its long horns were pointed upward. They glittered with a faint light. When the ram turned its head directly at Jerrid, he grew suddenly alarmed.
“Its eyes are glowing red,” he called to his friends. “What do you think that means?”
As if in answer, the ram lowered its head and began to charge. Its horns were poised to pierce and it moved quickly. Jerrid was about to dodge away when he saw Feor move into the charging animal’s path. The stallion reared and came down, its right hoof clubbing the smaller animal solidly. The creature stumbled but mountain goats have heavy skulls. In a moment its compact body rose to its feet. Though its eyes seemed more dazed, it lunged again. 
Jerrid was relieved when the animal stumbled just a few steps later. He looked closer and could see why. One of Audain’s arrows was sticking from its chest. For a moment it struggled to get back to its feet but the arrow had pierced its heart. Jerrid and his friends watched as the red glow in the ram’s eye faded. For a moment a glimmer of yellow appeared, but it too dimmed. The animal was dead.
No one spoke as they settled back into camp. Tears ran from Audain’s eyes and Rendel looked pale. Still in shock, they went to sleep as the horses resumed grazing. Jerrid knew that they were the best lookout he could ask for.
The next morning the sky was overcast. Though everyone was still shaken, they packed up their damp sleeping rolls, saddled the horses and began looking for a way to continue. With Audain again in the lead, they plunged into the thorns. When the bramble thinned, the riders found themselves at the base of an upward slope. It was covered by larger trees, mostly hemlock and beech. Audain breathed more easily when she saw how open it was beneath the arched branches. They had not gone far when they reached the base of another bluff.  
Jerrid looked at it. “What do you think Rendel? It’s too tall to scale, and the face is too steep and smooth to chisel a path.”
“If we wanted to leave the horses here, we’d be all set,” Rendel answered in jest. “We could climb the trees. They grow almost right up against the cliff. Audain could then make them lean over a little and we’d jump off on top.”
“What do you think, Audain?” Jerrid asked with a smile.
“I like Arum and don’t want to leave him,” she answered, patting her horse’s back. “Let’s go to the west and find an easier approach.”
Jerrid turned Feor and started tracing along the base of the cliff. After covering about a half mile, the light under the trees ahead brightened. His hopes rose. Perhaps the cliff opened up into an area where they could ascend. As they approached, the sound of rushing water began to fill the air.
Growing more cautious, Jerrid motioned for everyone to stop as he dismounted. Leaving Feor behind, he went on to explore. A few minutes later, he reappeared.
“What did you find?” Rendel called out as he approached.
“There’s a sheer drop into a canyon with a small waterfall. We’ll have to go back the way we came.”
It was late morning when they finally found a place where the cliff had fractured. Large pieces of sandstone were heaped below the opening. It only took Jerrid a few minutes to shape a narrow trail up through the rubble. 
They led the horses to the top. The trail exited upon the plateau that acted as the base of the Highlands. This elevated feature of the woodlands covered a strip that extended two hundred miles from the northeast to the southwest corners of the Forest. Near the midpoint of this stretch was a series of granite peaks. The Summit was the tallest of them.  Towering to a height of two thousand feet, it was nearly twice the height of any other. Along much of its base, piles of rock fragments sloped upward hundreds of feet before encountering the vertical face of the mountain. 
“It looks really steep up there,” Rendel said, squinting into the bright sky. “The first few hundred feet might be manageable, but after that it looks straight up. How we’ll ever get to the top is beyond me.”   
Jerrid slumped against a boulder and studied the form of the mountain’s base. “It looks like a section of the cliff broke off over there. Maybe we can find a way behind the pile that it left. We’re too far away to tell for sure.”
Rendel was unconvinced. “The wall goes straight up, Jerrid. I don’t see how any of us will have a chance against that. We might as well head back the way we came.”
“We can do some more scouting,” Audain added, also sounding doubtful. “I think Jerrid’s right though, we at least need a place to camp tonight.”
They mounted and began their approach. Rendel picked a trail through the boulders and spruce trees that dominated the Highlands. About forty minutes passed before they reached an open area where the creek Jerrid saw earlier plummeted into a canyon far below. A short distance upstream of this waterfall, they found a gentle pool. An abundance of fresh grass grew along its banks. 
“This looks like a good place to camp,” Rendel said. “Not only is there water and grass for the horses, but the ground isn’t all rocky. I’m still feeling lumps in my back from where we slept last night.”
After unloading the horses, they turned them loose to graze. Jerrid took a length of rope from the back of his saddle and tossed it over his left shoulder. The others followed as he began tracing the creek upstream, walking carefully along its edge. It turned out to be an ideal path. Though their feet were soon wet, it led them up a series of small waterfalls and past many large boulders as it ascended the mountain.  Jerrid was perplexed that a few areas they traversed seemed to have steps carved into the rock adjacent to the creek. 
“This is certainly much easier than I thought it would be,” Rendel said after climbing one such staircase.
“I agree,” Jerrid answered. “It seems strange and a little unsettling.”
“What do you mean?” Audain asked. 
“Just that it certainly was not easy to get to this point. It was as if the Forest and the land conspired to keep us away. Now we suddenly have a manicured trail? It strikes me as really odd.”
“Maybe your Amber forefathers conquered the mountain and left this trail for us,” Rendel joked.
Jerrid ignored him and continued walking. Several times he craned his neck to trace the outline of the creek as it ascended, finding that the stone ahead limited his vision to only a short distance. Looking back, he estimated that they had climbed about two hundred feet since leaving the horses. A short time later, they passed a tall block of granite that nearly closed off the creek’s channel. About a hundred feet beyond it, they found themselves forced into a narrow canyon, sheer on both sides and barely eight feet wide.
“Let’s take a break,” Jerrid called out. He stopped and tied a loop at one end of the rope he carried. When Audain approached, he slipped it over her shoulders and around her waist.  “Something about this place is making me…”
At that moment, a torrent appeared at the upper end of the canyon. It rushed straight toward them. Jerrid yelled out and tossed the other end of the rope toward Rendel. He reached for it, but thrown slightly off balance, he slipped and fell. When the water arrived seconds later, its force began to push him downstream. Though he had succeeded in getting to the rope, as soon as it became taut, Audain fell too. Jerrid watched her begin to slide along while he struggled to maintain his own footing.
Rendel’s heart pounded as the water pushed him toward the large block of granite they had passed a few minutes earlier. A wave splashed over his face, blurring his vision. When he could see again, he noticed that a small eddy seemed to have formed behind the block. By thrusting his legs against the sidewall of the canyon, he managed to get into this eddy and stood up. He still held the rope in one hand. 
A moment later, Audain shot into his view. She was moving rapidly, carried by the flow. Rendel clenched his grip tightly on the rope and started to pull. The other end was still around her waist. She realized what was happening and steadied herself. 
“Where’s Jerrid?” Rendel yelled when she reached him.
“I think he’s still up there,” she answered, pointing.
The words had just left her mouth when Jerrid appeared. The water dragged him as it had the other two. His eyes were wide, glowing with Amber. Rendel reacted quickly. He grabbed Audain and spun her around, then tossed the loose end of the rope he had been holding toward his friend. Jerrid noticed the splash as it hit the water. Somehow, he managed to reach out and grasp it. Together, Audain and Rendel pulled him in. 
The three of them stood together, waist deep in the swirling pool. Their relief at being reunited was short-lived. The water was rising quickly, the current becoming stronger. They all knew that they could not remain there much longer. If they did not move soon they would be pulled back into the torrent. 
“Get ready,” Jerrid yelled as he forced away a sense of panic and opened his mind. Reacting unconsciously, he allowed the earth powers surging around him to course through his body. With this extra force to draw upon, he anchored his legs against the hard granite beneath his feet and pushed against the large stone block that sheltered them from the main flow. It was tall and seemed a little top-heavy. At first it began to tip but just a few seconds later it swayed and then fell over into the channel. Most of the water’s flow was obstructed. 
“Now,” Jerrid yelled. “We only have a few seconds!”
Reacting together, the three travelers ran, heading downstream, looking for a way to get to higher ground. They knew the water was going to surge over the temporary barrier. Jerrid waved for his friends to follow as he chose a place to begin climbing. There was a flat ledge about ten feet above the channel. He reached it first and then used the rope to pull Audain up. Rendel scrambled along beside her just as the water pushed the block aside and surged below them.
“I think we’ll be safe here,” Jerrid said, shouting above the roar. Audain looked back at him. His eyes were a bright gold she saw, though she was almost sure she had glimpsed a hint of sapphire in them moments before. 
Rendel sat close to the water’s edge and watched the flood. “It looks like it’s going to subside,” he said a few minutes later. “It seems to have crested.” 
They rested for about an hour before deciding that it was safe to climb back down. The sun was out of view behind the mountain when they reached camp. Fortunately, the streambed was much wider here. Though a few bags were damp on the bottom, nothing was lost.
“I don’t know if we should stay here,” Audain said. “This mountain is trying to get rid of us.”
“I think we’re safe,” Rendel replied. “Of course, we’re still stuck on these Highlands for tonight. There’s no time to climb down before dark.”
Jerrid was quiet. He was thinking about his friends, fearful that his insistence to come here had nearly killed them.
They decided to carry their bags to some slightly higher ground where they began to set up again. The horses stood together, grazing at times, but seeming to take turns keeping an eye on the creek.
An hour later the travelers sat beside a small fire. They ate the simple foods they brought with them from Gladeis. Unnoticed in the darkness, a mountain goat stared down upon their fire from a rocky cliff at the knees of the mountain.
“In the morning, I can help you both get down the first ledge,” Jerrid said suddenly, between bites. “From there, the incline to the next level isn’t difficult. Audain seems to have control of the thorns so you should be okay until you get to the last escarpment. You can lead your horses back down from there.”
“What are you talking about?” Rendel said. “You sound as though you’re deserting us.”
“I’m not deserting you,” Jerrid said with a wince. “I’m just not ready to leave yet. I don’t know if you should stay with me after what happened today.”
“That was not your fault,” Audain answered, a little hesitantly. “How were you supposed to know the creek would rise against us?”
“I didn’t know. That’s the point,” he replied. “Were it not for Rendel getting into that eddy and grabbing the rope, we probably all would have drowned.” He paused for a moment to collect his thoughts. “I’m convinced that reaching the top of this mountain is important, that something is hidden there. I left Garth to learn. But we all know it’s not safe here.”
Audain looked around uneasily. “I can’t speak for Rendel, but I’m staying with you. I’m just not sure I want to climb that thing.”
“I’m not afraid of a climb,” Rendel said, considering. “I’m just not sure that it’s possible. Everything I see seems to be too steep. Maybe we should scout some more, look for other approaches. Going back to that creek is certainly asking for trouble.”
“Yes, the more we know, the better,” Jerrid said. “I’m not ready to give up on the creek though. I was wondering if it’s a trap for people like us, or if it’s guarding something.”
“You can’t go through there again,” Audain said anxiously.
“Maybe not the way we went today,” Jerrid answered. “I was thinking of trying to scale the rocks around it. With my chisel I can carve enough hand holds to climb over.”
“Sounds crazy to me, Jerrid,” Rendel replied, getting comfortable. “I’m in.”
“I was hoping you’d say that,” Jerrid laughed. “The way you climbed up to that shelf today shows you’ve a strong grip, the kind we’ll need. And, Audain,” he paused, sensing she was about to interrupt, “I was hoping you could tour around the mountain, look for anything else that might help us find another way.”
“I see there’s no talking you out of this,” she said sounding slightly relieved. “I just hope that I’m not making the trip back to Gladeis alone.”





Chapter 9: When It All Went Wrong


 “If we start at that big crack there, I think we can climb right over,” Jerrid said. “There seems to be some sort of gap on the other side, before the mountain rears up. Once we get up on this first ridge, we should see where that creek comes from and figure out how to get past it without getting flooded again.” 
Rendel looked at the rock wall before them. He seemed nervous.
“We may as well get going then. I hope Audain is okay. It might be awhile before we get back.” As he spoke, he shifted the small pack and coil of rope that where draped over his shoulders.
“Feor will keep an eye out,” Jerrid answered, “and with her bow always ready, I don’t think we need to worry about her.”
“I’m not worried about her,” Rendel laughed. “I was thinking about my own skin.”
“I don’t believe that,” Jerrid chuckled. “You’re right though. Let’s go.”
Rendel uncoiled the rope and they each tied one end around their waist. The large segment of stone they faced rose to a height of about fifty feet. Rendel watched Jerrid begin to scale upward, and then followed. They made steady progress, finding just enough cracks and gaps. On a couple occasions, Jerrid used his shaping tools to create a new handhold. 
Upon reaching the top, they were confined to a long ridge. Rendel thought that its shape resembled that of a serrated knife edge. The wall of the mountain loomed about two hundred feet beyond them. Any approach to it seemed to be guarded by a narrow chasm that stretched along its base.  
“It looks like our creek flows from here,” Rendel said. Most of the chasm below was filled with water. “I’m not sure how, but this lake must be the source of all that water that let loose on us.”
“I can’t explain it,” Jerrid agreed. “But this ridge is wide enough for us to follow. Maybe you should go first. You seem to be pretty surefooted up here.”
Rendel turned to his left and began to climb the gradual slope. Jerrid gathered the loose section of rope that still tied them together. Holding it in his hand, he followed.
Due to the difficult footing, they moved slowly. Forced to concentrate on each step, they barely noticed that the gentle breeze which had been blowing since early morning was steadily increasing. As it strengthened, a little dust began to whirl past.
“Watch out, Jerrid,” Rendel called a few minutes later. “Something about this wind feels strange.” Though he did not understand why, Rendel felt anxious. At the same time, his senses tingled and he felt strong and alive. Refocusing on the route, he increased the pace.
Jerrid stumbled along and tried to stay close. Before long, the rope between him and Rendel was fully extended. When another gust blew some sand into his eyes, he tripped and fell forward, grabbing onto the rocks to regain his balance. Feeling a sharp tug on the rope, Rendel stopped and looked back.
“Are you okay?” he said with a smile. “I warned you about that wind.”
“It’s not the wind,” Jerrid replied. “It’s keeping up with you.”
“Do you need me to slow down?” Rendel jested. When Jerrid failed to answer, he became a little more serious. “Okay. I forgot that if you fall, I fall.”
Rendel turned to resume walking. After taking only a couple of steps, he noticed an unusual sound. As a cloud of dust darkened the sky, he realized that a freak storm was upon them.
“What do you think now?” Jerrid yelled. He was still crouched low. As he waited for Rendel to answer, he pulled the chisel from his belt and buried its steel shaft deep into the stone. 
Rendel tried to smile. Ignoring both Jerrid and a rising sense of urgency he felt, he concentrated on the wind. The energy within it filled him with the resolve to take a chance. Slowly he lifted his arms and spread them wide, ready to embrace everything that the power of the wind could bring him. 
Jerrid watched with a stunned look on his face as he recognized what was happening. Though Rendel’s eyes were only open a slit, Jerrid was certain that he saw the white glow of Opal within them. Almost as if responding to a challenge, the storm grew more intense and the wind speed increased again.
“I’ve got you, Rendel,” Jerrid called out. “Keep going. Let it flow through you, feel the Opal, don’t try to control it, just become a part of it.” Suddenly, an even more powerful gust kicked up. Shocked by its force, Jerrid concentrated on his Amber. He used its power to help him cling tighter to the rope he held in one hand and chisel he held in the other. He was so focused that he could only watch in silence when his friend was lifted into the air. 
“This is crazy,” Rendel yelled. Buoyed by the wind and tossed around like a kite, he realized that he was suspended in mid-air. Though he had only risen about five feet above the ridge, the drop-off on either side was severe. The sight caused him to panic.
“Pull me back down, Jerrid,” he cried. “I’m afraid I’ll fall or worse yet, the wind direction will shift and throw me onto the rocks.” 
As if sensing that it had won the advantage, the wind suddenly died. A moment later, bruised but not broken, Rendel clung to the cliff face about ten feet below Jerrid. The rope had saved him. Now all he could do was hold on. 
“It’s over,” he said softly. “I can’t do it. I’m not a Shaper. With the next gust I’m going to fall again. Only this time, I’m going to be battered against these rocks.”
“Don’t give up!” a voice called. The pounding in Rendel’s chest calmed slightly when he heard the words. “It’s coming back,” Jerrid’s voice sounded more steady this time. “I feel it. I know what you are, Rendel. Trust in yourself. Use the wind to help you.”
Rendel’s heart calmed a little more. He too could feel an energy force within the air. Trusting to Jerrid, he relaxed and tried to concentrate. When he felt the power of Opal rising in his core, he started to climb. Though the cliff was steep, he managed to find enough cracks and crevasses to make progress. A few minutes later, he scrambled back on top of the ledge. 
“I think we can go on now,” Rendel said. The sky had brightened and only a slight breeze blew. His eyes glowed with Opal. “Thanks for catching me, Jerrid.”
“You’re welcome.” Jerrid pulled the chisel from the stone and placed it into his belt. “Now let’s figure out if this ledge leads to anyplace useful.”
Rendel resumed walking and Jerrid followed. They had gone about one hundred yards when the route veered more to the south. A short time later, they reached its end. Both men were startled to see that where the ridge intersected with the main wall of the mountain, a narrow path was carved into the rock face. It continued upward and disappeared from their view. 
Rendel jumped across the small gap and landed upon the path.
“I think that trail passes by the lake down below,” Jerrid said as he tried to get reoriented. “It’s probably the same one we were on when the creek washed us back. I wonder how far up it will take us from here?”  
“Follow me,” Rendel answered and started upward.
The climb was difficult. Frequent gaps and missing sections in the stone forced them to seek creative ways to continue. Though Jerrid could use his Amber to temporarily force open small cracks and toe holds, Rendel struggled. Their only solution was to rely upon the rope once again. Using his new found power over the wind, Rendel trusted it as he risked jumping over longer and longer spans. They struggled on like this for over an hour before the trail ended. Exhausted, they sat down in frustration.
“This is no use,” Rendel said as he looked up, “its midday and we’ve barely made it a third of the way. Maybe you can climb a vertical wall with your Amber, but I can’t. I’ve been slowing you for hours. I should go back down and let you go on.” 
“It’s only by working together that we have been able to get this far,” Jerrid replied. “The mountain has been testing us ever since we turned from the main path. In a way I’m holding you back, Rendel. Without me, you could use Opal and shoot straight to the top.”
 Rendel laughed and rolled his eyes. “Yes, I should just toss this rope aside, call up a nice strong breeze, and float up there. While I’m at it, I might as well pull you along too.” He kept laughing until he realized that Jerrid was not.
They rested awhile, ate a little food and drank some water. Their mutual unease was obvious for the other to see.
“I’ve got to keep going,” Jerrid said a few minutes later. “I’m not sure how. Like you said, I can probably make one crack after another with my chisel. But at that pace, I’ll be clinging on for days.”
“What’s the point?” Rendel asked. “What’s so special about climbing a mountain that doesn’t want to be climbed?” he paused for a moment to reconsider. Was he afraid of the climb, or was he afraid of what he might find if they succeeded? “That storyteller of Audain’s could have made up that story of a memorial. And so what if we all saw a flash of light the other day? It might have come from any old rock catching the sun. Either way, I’m not sure it makes much difference.”
“It does to me,” Jerrid answered softly. “I took a big chance leaving my home. I did it because I knew that the path I was on had become stagnant. I didn’t know what I would find then, and I still don’t now. If there really is a Shrine, one side of me thinks that King Arthis’ daughters would have wanted to protect it. At the same time, if they truly had rejoiced in their father and wanted him to be remembered, why hide his memory away atop an inaccessible mountain? I’ve already learned things by taking risks, Rendel. If you were still safe in Gladeis, you would not have learned about your Opal. Who knows what else we can learn today?”
Separated by only a few feet, Jerrid could see a whitish glow in his friend’s eyes. “Wherever you came from,” Jerrid continued, “you are destined to be an Opal Shaper. I’m sorry I don’t know what it means. If we can reach the top, maybe you’ll find an answer. For some reason our paths have brought each of us to the side of this mountain. My heart tells me we both need to be here, and we both need to keep climbing.”
A smile built on Rendel’s face as he thought about Jerrid’s words. “That part about taking off the rope and flying. That was a joke, right?”
“Only the part about the rope,” Jerrid laughed. “Keep it on. I don’t want to be left behind.”
“Agreed,” Rendel chuckled, trying to balance the tightness in his stomach against the exhilaration in his heart. “I’m all for us both keeping this rope on. Before we try again, I just have one request.”
“What’s that?” Jerrid asked.
“You go first,” Rendel answered.
With closed eyes, they cleared their minds and refocused their enhancements. Slowly, each man stretched out his arms. Jerrid’s hands felt the power of Amber as they touched granite. Rendel meanwhile felt the lift of Opal as the wind embraced him. Side by side and through the cord that bound them, each felt the other ready. Together, they dropped their defenses and accepted the pure earth power of the Summit.
When Jerrid opened his eyes, his pupils shone brightly with brown-gold. Starting slowly, he fashioned a hand grip into the stone and then pulled himself upward, relying upon the Summit to provide power that his Amber channeled into action. As he advanced, each stretch of his arms and each planting of his hands and feet became more fluid.
Rendel’s eyes blazed Opal. He drew energy from a steady wind that suddenly blew along the cliff. Noticing what appeared to be Jerrid’s newly created indentations in the stone, he followed. With the support from his Opal, he barely felt any weight and was able to keep pace. Within a few minutes, the function of lifting arms, clenching hands and driving legs was lost from consciousness, almost as if the wind alone propelled him. 
The sun was setting when Jerrid finally scrambled onto a flat surface. His mind and body were numb as he lay there face down, still drawing energy from the cool stone. As Amber helped restore his other senses, he blinked through watery eyes and looked across the small plateau. The only life he saw was a few ancient pine trees, guardians of antiquity set amid a field of boulders. Near them, rising from the western side of this bleached wasteland, loomed a crystal pyramid. It measured a hundred feet on each side and a hundred feet from base to peak. In the dying light of the afternoon, a multitude of colors danced across its angled surface.
Jerrid was relieved to see Rendel resting beside him. “This is no natural rock formation,” he mumbled to his friend. “Maybe there really is a Shrine of Arthis.”
“I can barely see,” Rendel answered softly. “Everything is foggy except for something that’s sparkling with colors that remind me of a rainbow.” He paused to rub his eyes. “That’s a little better I think. A few minutes ago, I couldn’t see a thing.”
“Stay away from the edge and wait until you are sure your eyes aren’t playing tricks on you,” Jerrid answered. “I want to get a closer look. I won’t go far.”
Cautiously, Jerrid began to inch forward. The Shrine continued to glisten, sending ripples of faint light that flickered across his face. As he got closer, the light concentrated and shifted to steady amber. Jerrid felt a surge of energy similar to the force that propelled him up the Summit just a few minutes earlier. He felt strong and firm, like the bedrock under Garth. 
Back by the landing, Rendel began to crawl forward. When he was well away from the cliff he pulled himself to his feet. His concern about the Shine grew as he watched the amber glow within it shift to emerald green. 
Jerrid swooned, almost dropping to his knees as a rush of power wafted over him. 
“We should be careful,” Rendel called to him. “We don’t know what this thing can do.”
Jerrid answered with an outstretched palm, raised as if to keep Rendel away. “It’s okay. We need to know why the Shrine is here, take from it whatever it is willing to teach. If it wanted us dead, we’d never have made it this far. Promise me, whatever happens, we need to accept it, let it run its course.”
“I understand, but I didn’t climb all this way for nothing,” Rendel replied taking a deep breath. “I plan to test it for myself.”
Carefully, each man took a position along the smooth surface. Separated by a distance of about fifty feet, they stooped to their knees and leaned forward. Jerrid was the first to press his hands flat against the crystal. Immediately the colors stopped flashing and were replaced by a pale cloud of gray. Discouraged by this blankness, he considered pulling away but stopped when a glimmer of color sprang up. What first appeared as a murky golden haze focused into a vision, one where the dying rays of a clear day fell upon the spires and rooftops of a city. 
Jerrid’s interest grew. The city was built within a natural bowl formed by the bases of three encircling mountains. It bustled with life. People, horses and wagons passed along its many streets or through the fields planted outside the clustered buildings. At the city’s core rested a large palace with walls of white marble. A tower rose above its central courtyard. Atop this stone pinnacle parapets guarded a courtyard where brightly colored flowers flourished within a garden. Even in the sunlight of late afternoon, their beauty was dwarfed by that of a sparkling fountain set within a corner of the square. 
The garden’s only furnishing was a large marble table lined by chairs. The outline of a mountain goat with long straight horns was carved into the top of the table. An old man sat there. His gray beard and wrinkled face seemed ordinary, but his eyes glimmered as if mirroring the subtle hue of the water that danced within the fountain. His clasped hands rested upon the table. 
A much younger man stood by the old man’s side. Though he looked frail, he carried an aura of confidence. The color of his eyes shifted in the same way as those of the old man nearby. Across the table from them, four women waited. Their uneasy carriages made it appear as if they were poised for flight. Undoubtedly sisters, their main features were alike, yet within their eyes stark variations emerged. Here, all semblance of kinship was lost, for each of them had eyes of a distinctive shade and character. Whether the color was emerald green, sapphire blue, amber gold or the chilling white of opal, the depth within was bottomless, unwavering and unforgiving.
The figures around the table were still. The expression on the face of each woman was one of cold tolerance. Their father bore a look of pain. The frail son harbored the impression of softness, as if he were trying to provide comfort amongst the barrenness around him. Barely noticed within the exit from the stairway that connected the courtyard and the palace was a large man. Tall and powerfully built, his eyes were black. Looking closer into the shadow where he stood, Jerrid sensed a glow burning within the man’s eyes, an intense fire of hatred.      
Jerrid adjusted his position and looked around. Though night was closing in around him, his attention was drawn back to the Shrine. When his focus steadied a new vision emerged. Once again he saw the courtyard at the top of the palace tower. Instinctively he knew that considerable time had passed since the previous vision. He continued to watch as the white walls surrounding the palace began to take on the red crimson glow cast by a full moon that hung just above the eastern horizon. Atop the palace tower, King Arthis stood by a parapet that ran along the western side of the courtyard. His youngest son emerged from the staircase. Wearily he walked toward his father. 
 “Why have you come here after so long?”
Deneb took a deep breath and looked around. The muscles in his legs burned after the long climb. Two years had passed since he last made this ascent. The realization that he had come home too late to make a difference made him wince. Being the son of a King was a curse, he had learned during his fifty years. Combine that with the misery of having been born the youngest of six children and a sense of wariness evolved, a wound requiring a lifetime to heal. For a moment he considered turning around and going back the way he had come. Once outside the confines of the Tower, he could leave the past behind and live the life he longed for. Yet feelings of guilt could not easily be outrun. 
“Only the Eldest comes to me now,” Arthis continued. “The rest of my children have deserted me.” 
“I did not desert you, Father” Deneb replied. “You sent me away. I return now, having done your bidding. I have used my command of the four earth powers to help my sisters as they build new cities, communities for themselves and their followers. I have spent months with each of them. I have looked into their hearts.” 
“Then answer my question,” the voice demanded. “The day has nearly passed. The twilight builds and soon night will fall upon us. Let me hear your words while I can still see the mountaintops as they reflect the dying rays of sunlight.” King Arthis was not known for his patience. “Why have you come, Deneb?” he repeated.
From deep within Deneb’s eyes a sparkle of light began to flicker. It alternated through various hues before steadying into a constant white glow. 
“I bring harsh news, Father…,” he paused, knowing that the King refused to accept failure. “I have no words to soften hearts turned against each other. Our family is beyond the breaking point.”  
“Tell me what you have learned,” the King demanded. “I have no time for games.”
“I play no game, Father,” Deneb replied. “There is no light left in the hearts of my sisters. There is nothing that will bring them back to the peace we once knew. It is too late. From here, the separation of the earth powers will grow wider.”
Arthis staggered under the weight of the news and tried to focus. The tower he created nearly a century earlier had become an essential part of his core. It was here that he could see boundaries; some that chained people into the acceptance of what they were, others that tempted and pulled toward what they might become. And though his senses reeled and he felt a weariness he had never known, he still envisioned a future where the Foedan lived in harmony with the earth powers.
 “It is not your fault, Son.” Arthis lowered his gaze to the familiar view of the city. He placed his hands upon the stone parapet and sighed. “I allowed them to pull away. I encouraged them to begin the construction of the new cities. I thought the challenge would help them to appreciate the inner beauty of our earth powers. I thought that they would rejoice in its wonders, seek out the completeness and order that must be. It never occurred to me that they would segregate themselves. It never occurred to me that they would think that they could prosper individually, completely separated from the Foedan balance I have tried to achieve here.”
 “They are afraid, Father. Knowing that our brother, ‘The Eldest’ as you call him, is brooding here, they will never come to you. Barren of the earth powers, my brother has long resorted to cunning and manipulation to meet his needs. I don’t blame them for wanting to live outside of his shadow. I don’t blame them for hiding from him within their work. I don’t blame them for taking delight in the single enhancement they were born with, powers my sisters have learned to command at the highest level. The four new cities: Rhindus, Deluge, Garth, and Gladeis are unique in the individual earth power that thrives there. Though lacking a proper balance with the four earth powers, each city is filled with beauty.”
 “All of you are wrong about Toldor,” the King responded. “He knows his duty. He only wishes to hold us together, to keep the Foedan the way we have always been. The earth powers were not intended to be estranged, Deneb. I know that your brother is difficult, but your sisters have never backed down from him before this. I am growing old, Son. Though the blessings of the earth powers have brought me an unusually long life, the time will soon come for me to return to the earth, mother of the Foedan powers. Remember always, a people divided can only fail.”
As Jerrid continued to watch, he saw the figure of a man standing near the staircase on the other side of the courtyard. Though the man’s face was hidden by the shadow of his cloak, Jerrid sensed that a great rage lay within. A moment passed and the man started to walk away from the staircase. He moved with a purposeful gait. As he advanced, his eyes stood out, glowing with power as they focused upon Arthis and Deneb…
----
The faint glow on the western horizon helped Rendel to grasp his senses. Night had just arrived he realized as he staggered about in its dimness. Dazed and confused by a vision of a white city, his mind still reeled. He stumbled and fell to the ground. 
“I just need to rest a moment,” he mumbled. 
When he awoke, the sky over head was filled with bright stars. Much of the night had passed he knew from their position. Cold and shivering, he found an extra shirt in his pack and slipped it on. Still weak and confused, he ate a wafer of hardtack. As warmth returned to his limbs, a few vague memories took shape in his mind. 
“Jerrid!” he called out, then fell silent. “The sound of my voice is unnatural here,” he thought, as he struggled to his feet. The sight of the Shrine, silhouetted by the pale light of the moon, startled him. He trudged toward the crystal wondering where his friend was, why they were not together, why they were still upon this cold mountain. When he reached the object, he found Jerrid on the ground, curled up as if in a deep sleep.
“Wake up,” Rendel said, startled to feel how cold and stiff Jerrid felt. Putting an ear close to Jerrid’s face, he was relieved when he felt the slight movement of warm air.
“Come on,” he said in frustration, shaking the stonecutter’s shoulder again. “Let’s get out of here. We’ve been up here long enough. Audain probably thinks we’re dead.”
When Jerrid still did not respond, Rendel grew worried. He covered his friend with a cloak that he took from their gear, and went in search of firewood. Though the only thing that grew upon the peak was pine, there were enough twigs and branches to start a small blaze. Through the rest of the night, Rendel kept it burning as warmly as he could.
The first light of dawn seemed a long time coming. It did little to cheer Rendel when it arrived. Instead, he grew more worried about Jerrid though troubled memories of his own kept popping into his mind. He saw a white city. He saw people running. He saw fear and confusion. 
“I kept my promise not to interfere,” he said to himself. “I hope some good comes of it. Since I can’t get back up here without you, I guess I’ll have to wait, no matter how long it takes.” 
----
Jerrid awoke to the gleam of the Shrine reflecting light onto his face. His mind was blurred and groggy. The “Shaper’s Sleep” he now emerged from had saved him. Feared by the wisest amongst the Foedan, it was the mind’s last defense, an instinctive act of self-preservation when the earth powers overload. 
Unaware of how lucky he was to be alive, Jerrid took a long draught of water from the flask he found by his side. 
“Thank goodness,” he heard a voice say from behind. “I don’t think I can take another night up here.”
He turned and saw Rendel’s smiling face. The older man reached out and gave him a solid embrace. “I was starting to wonder if you were going to wake up at all. What happened to your eyes?”
“What do you mean?” Jerrid replied. “I was thinking of asking you the same thing.”
“Ha, don’t change the subject. Your eyes are all glittery, like that thing over there.” Rendel pointed toward the Shrine. Its sloped sides glittered in the sunlight. As Jerrid looked toward it, he felt a sense of vigor return to his stiff body.
“I don’t know. What about you? Your eyes are white with Opal. It makes me a little uneasy, but I suppose I can get used to it. How long have we been up here?”
“It’s been two days,” Rendel said. “I am crazy with boredom. I think I’ve walked every inch of this mountaintop. I’d just as soon not be here when the sun sets. That rock does crazy things. But before we go, I want you to see something.”
Jerrid stood up and followed as Rendel led him away from the Shrine. They stopped when they reached the steep drop-off at the southern edge of the Summit. Together they scanned the area below. 
“Is that the sea?” Jerrid asked absently as he looked beyond the rugged tree covered hills toward a glimmer of blue on the horizon.
“I think so,” Rendel said, “though I’ve never seen it before. That area of smoke a little to the west, I think that’s Arnot, largest city in the Southlands. I’ve looked and looked but there is no easy way down. The landing where we came up seems as good a place as any to start down from. I just thought you should see this view before we left.”
Rendel turned and slowly started back to the other side of the mountain. Jerrid lingered. When he first made it to the summit two days earlier, he was enthralled by the Shrine and noticed little else. Now he took time to look around. The vast green of the Forest dominated in all directions. Far to the west he noted the outline of the Crosscut Mountains. Their peaks seemed to stand above the elevation upon which he now stood. Glancing finally to the northwest, he spotted three distinctive mountains clustered together.
“The Three Sisters,” he murmured. “The ruins of Aradith lay at the base of those peaks.” Wincing from the sharp visions that rose in his mind, he lowered his gaze and started to follow the way Rendel had gone. 
“How do you plan to get us off this rock?” he called out a few minutes later when he found his friend. “You must have a plan by now, after thinking about it for nearly two days.”
“The first day I was out of commission, sort of like you,” Rendel retorted. “Now that I’ve had more time to weigh the options, I was thinking of jumping. How does that strike you?”
“I remember how we got up here,” Jerrid replied hesitantly. “We were roped together and climbed. It sounds to me like we should do the same on the way down. Only this time, it’s your turn to go first.” Laughing at the startled look on Rendel’s face, he tied one end of the rope around his waist.
“Alright,” Rendel answered. “Give me a second to tie up.”
Jerrid sat down and dangled his feet over the edge. He used the touch of the granite to awaken his Amber. Noting the breeze and the fresh scent of spruce trees it carried, he relaxed. His eyes glittered with color. He smiled when he saw a few goats roaming amongst the rocks below. Rendel meanwhile spread his arms and gathered the energy of the wind into his core, allowing it to flow through and encompass him. A moment later, they slipped over the edge together. 
Careful to stay in contact with the stone, Jerrid slid downward. Rendel dropped even quicker. The rope between them was soon taut so Rendel forced himself to slow down to match Jerrid’s pace. Jerrid laughed to himself. He felt the acceptance of the mountain and recalled how it had at first repelled his Amber. Now its energy flowed through him so easily that he needed little effort to control it. When he saw how far Rendel had progressed with the Opal, his heart was glad.
It took little time for them to reach the bottom. They stood upon the narrow trail they had scaled two days earlier. Almost casually, they followed it downward. They entered the chasm and walked past the small lake within it. They then followed the stream that drained from the lakes opposite end and started down the tight canyon where the water once rose up against them. 
Looking back up to the peak, Jerrid wondered if any Shaper had ever reached its summit. Protected by so many obstacles, he doubted it. Yet beyond those barriers the actual mountain seemed to comfort his Foedan senses. He felt confident that the control he now had over his Amber could be recreated through any rock he touched. The trip to the Shrine had definitely opened new abilities within him that he never knew lay there.
The campsite where Audain waited was enveloped in the mountain’s shadow when they arrived. Feor, the first to notice their approach, trotted over to greet Jerrid. Audain was resting on her blanket. Upon hearing the stallion snort in excitement, she breathed a sigh of relief. She knew that only Jerrid’s presence would cause such excitement. She rose and was waiting when Rendel walked into the camp. They embraced a moment until Audain pushed him back so she could look at his face. 
“Rendel!” she said with a gasp. “What has happened to you? Your eyes are….well….white.”
“Wait until Jerrid gets here,” he answered smiling. “Maybe he can explain. I’m not sure I know where to start.”
Jerrid arrived a minute later. When Audain looked at him, she gasped again. “So here I am waiting all this time and when you show up one of you has become Opal, and the other is, well…, I’m not sure what. Amber I guess, but sometimes I see a blur of something else. Please, tell me what happened.”
 “I’ll try and explain,” Jerrid said. “We have a lot to think about.” 
He began by describing how they climbed to the top of the ridge where the wind tried to dislodge them. Rendel smiled. He remembered few details, but the feeling of exhilaration he recalled as he listened caused his eyes to glow more brightly.
“It was unbelievable,” Jerrid continued. “That was the strongest wind I’ve ever felt. If it wasn’t for my chisel, I surely would have been flung to my death. It was another test, like when the brush tried to block us and the creek tried to drown us. Some force has been working against us ever since we started this way. Rendel though, he took in the wind’s power and turned it to our benefit. That’s what a Shaper does. They use their gift to increase the value of what nature gives us.”
“I wish I had been there to see it,” Audain replied. “We finally know where Rendel came from. Rhindus, the city of wind where the Opal thrives,” she laughed, but stopped when she saw the look of pain on Rendel’s face.
“I cannot remember it,” he said, his mood shifting. “I wish I could. There is still emptiness in my mind, even now, after encountering the Shrine.”
“I want to hear more about that,” Audain said. “But a good story should be like a person’s life, allowed to play out on its own and not jumbled around.”
Rendel nodded toward her, puzzled. Jerrid took this to mean she was ready for him to continue. He went on to describe how they reached the landing at the top of the Summit and decided to challenge the Shrine.
“I think Rendel will have to carry the tale from there,” Jerrid said slowly. “After all, that was two days ago. I’ve been lost to the world for much of the time since then. It’s still too fresh and...confused.”
“My old life is still a hole,” Rendel said. “I think the Shrine showed me some fragments.”  
“That’s okay,” Audain said in comfort. “Tell us what you can bear and we’ll try to help you understand it if we can.” She looked at him, thinking to herself of the great pain that still must be hidden in his past.
“I’m not exactly sure how,” he began again. “It felt cold at first, and closed. It took a while before I found that my Opal could make a connection. I saw a city. It rested near the top of a mountain. Everywhere the rock was bleached white and the glare of the daytime sunlight on it was almost painful for me to behold. 
“The city was busy with people going about their business. Yet in my vision it wasn’t long before nightfall arrived. Even though the moon soon rose and the mountain air was so clear that it almost looked as though the day had returned, everyone took to hiding, everyone but one group.
“They must have been Shapers. About twenty of them, they waited at the gate. More of a portal really than a normal gate, it guarded the point where the only road that snaked its way up the mountain reached the city. Outside this gate and about two hundred feet down the road, was a bridge. It had been skillfully made from large blocks. Its arched shape spanned a deep fissure in the mountain where the rock split apart to act as a natural barrier to protect the city. Without the bridge, the city was inaccessible.”
“It’s called the Rainbow Bridge,” Audain said quietly. “At least I think that’s what you’re describing. I read about Rhindus once. They say the Rainbow Bridge has a distinct power of its own. Sorry, Rendel. I shouldn’t interrupt.”
“That’s okay,” he answered. “I wasn’t sure but I’ve been thinking it is Rhindus that I saw. As I continued to watch, a shade of red overtook the city and made the white stone looked stained. Down below the bridge, some strange looking red lights appeared. The Shapers at the gate seemed to notice. About twenty of them ran down the road to the bridge. About half of them carried large sledges of some sort. They set to work using these hammers to pound upon keystones set within the upper landing of the bridge. The other Shapers ran across the bridge and took positions just beyond it.  
“Before long it became clear that at least two large figures were advancing up the road. In the moonlight their features were not distinct, but there was no doubt that the red lights I saw were their eyes glowing in the dark. When they reached the bridge, they focused on the Shapers who blocked their path, matching the Shaper’s white Opal glow with red.”
Rendel paused a moment. 
“It’s okay,” Audain said. “You don’t have to continue. We understand how hard this must be.”
“No, I need to go on. So I can remember.” Rendel took a deep breath. “It was horrible,” he whispered. “The Shapers had no chance. One by one the demons caught them. One by one the white Opal went black. Rather than face the horror, a few jumped. Their eyes left streaks of white as they disappeared into the depths of the fissure below.
“After the last Shaper was dead, the creatures advanced. On the upper end of the bridge the Shapers with the hammers continued to work. I realized then that they were trying to break loose the keystones that locked the arch together. But it was taking them too long.
“When the creatures stepped onto the bridge, one of the Shapers finally realized that his companions still needed more time. He abandoned them and started downward with his hammer. Surprisingly, he was quick and agile. At first he used his speed to taunt the creatures and dodge their monstrous arms as they tried to grasp him. When they tired of this game and started back up the bridge, he jumped closer and swung his sledge to deliver a blow squarely into the face of one of the demons. The strike landed hard, causing the beast to step back, but the hammer slipped from the Shaper’s hand and fell upon the bridge.
“The Shaper jumped away as the infuriated creature recovered. His hammer lay near the center of the bridge and he bent down to grab it. Seeing this as an opportunity, the creature lunged. Just as its black arms closed upon the man, the other Shapers cheered. The keystones were finally free. With the sound of heavy grinding and cracking, the bridge began to collapse. At its midst, eyes still burning white, the Shaper who came forward looked back at his friends. For an instant he connected with them as the bridge fell. Then, he was gone, lost into the blackness.”
Rendel paused again. He had tears in his eyes. “That’s all I remember. I woke up sometime later. Jerrid lay on the ground by the Shrine. At first I thought he was dead. Finally, he woke up today,” he paused to take another deep breath. “I’m sure the city was Rhindus. I just don’t know if I was seeing the past, or the future.”
 “I wish I knew,” Jerrid said slowly. “I saw nothing in the Shine to answer that. Either way, take comfort that the city was left safe, sparred by the sacrifice of those who came forward.” 
“Yes, I’ve been thinking about that,” Rendel said. “It gives me hope.” 
“I’m sorry,” Audain said softly. “When you came to Gladeis, Rendel, we knew you were lost. We tried to give you a home, a place to heal. You’ve come far in three years. This is one more step for you. Remember you are loved in Gladeis and will always be welcome there.”
No one spoke for a few minutes. Rendel thought of Audain’s words while Jerrid tried to find a connection between Rendel’s story and his own experience. At last, he broke the silence. 
“My encounter was different, less personal, I’d say. I think the mountain finally has accepted us. It may even be trying to help, but it is dangerous, not just the Shrine but everything around here.” He paused a moment to allow the others to reflect on his warning.
“The pyramid is beautiful, Audain,” he continued. “I hope I can take you there someday. It shimmers with so many colors. I think it is the spectrum of the Foedan enhancements. But there are things about it that trouble me. It holds the past, I think, including the downfall of King Arthis. 
“Much of what I saw followed your tale of the old man who visited Gladeis,” he continued. “I could see the King. He looked old, wearied I think by his long life, the shadow of a son filled with jealousy, and the contempt of four daughters who had no tolerance for anything.”
Jerrid fell silent and looked up at the mountain, obviously uncomfortable with what he was about to say. “There was a battle. What confuses me is how anything could threaten the King. He was a powerful Blender. Whatever it was, it had to be very strong. The reaction that followed startled everyone, I think. When the city started to fall into ruin, I don’t think any of them knew how to stop what was happening. In the end, everything was lost.”
He stopped and waited to assess Audain and Rendel’s reaction. When they said nothing, he continued. “The King’s daughters must not have been there when this battle took place. But I think that Deneb and Toldor were. When their sisters arrived, it was too late. They searched in vain. All they found was some sort of a golden dust. In their grief, they built the Shrine, carving this mountain into what we see today. Somehow, they imparted a little Foedan power into it.
“I don’t know what this means or why my vision was so different from Rendel’s. I don’t know why the Shrine even let us get to the summit and didn’t just strike us down when we touched it.” When he stopped, it was obvious to his friends the frustration he felt.
“Neither of you is the same man you were two days ago,” Audain said. She paused for a moment to look at the sky. “The risk in coming here has worked for us. We’ve learned a lot. There are still a couple hours of light left. Let’s pack up and get moving. I’ve been all over this area. If we go back the way we came up, Jerrid will have to clear some rocks away that have fallen back in. There’s an old road that leads down on the south side. It looks like an easy route but it’s hard to tell where it will take us once we get back into the Forest. Think about it while you’re packing up our stuff.”
Jerrid whistled and Feor and the other two horses came into the camp.  Both men worked together to saddle the animals and get packed. Arum was already saddled so Audain merely tossed her bags over his hindquarters then took a seat on a rock to wait.  
“I sort of agree with Audain,” Jerrid said to Rendel. “If there’s an easy way down, let’s take it and navigate from there.”
“I’m ready for easy,” Rendel said with a chuckle. His carefree disposition had returned but his friends knew the pain it masked. “Once we get down, I think I’ll need to study some maps again.”
A few minutes later they were moving out. Audain took the lead. She guided Arum around the western side of the mountain before turning south to follow a gentle road that sloped downward. It was nearly dark when they reached the bottom. They were in a wide valley covered by tall trees. They came upon a small stream and stopped there for the night. To the north, the Shrine of Arthis glittered as the day ended.






Chapter 10: A Different View


Arnot was the largest of the seven cities inhabited by the Comburen, the commoners who lived in the Southlands. Located only five miles beyond the Forest’s southern border, the city had steadily grown for over two hundred years. It was home to a wide array of inhabitants. Some had come from the fishing villages that subsisted along the coast. Others came by horseback from the southern regions of the Sharanth Plains. Still others arrived upon ships that sailed from distant ports to reach Arnot’s bustling harbor. However they arrived, the people of Arnot were known for their willingness to take chances and accept chaos over order or structure.
During the course of the last three days, Jerrid, Audain and Rendel had been traveling southward through a valley that descended from the Highlands. With each mile passed they felt the impact that Arnot’s appetite for resources placed upon the Forest. 
They rode through an area where the hills had been stripped bare of vegetation and the ground ripped open to expose the minerals that lay below. Around them, piles of strangely colored ore lay scattered across a wasteland where groves of pine and magnolia once flourished.  
“I can’t believe anyone would do something like this,” Audain said. 
“We will be out of here soon,” Jerrid answered. He looked southward. “The terrain keeps sloping down for another mile. I see dry grassland beyond that. It seems to extend a long way, even to the sea. We should get to Arnot by midday.”
Audain barely heard him. Her eyes were clouded and vacant, her senses overcome by the devastation around them. 
About two hours later, they approached the city. An area dominated by large buildings lay just ahead. Though the day was clear, the sun was obscured by a veil of thick smoke that drifted overhead.
“What do you think of our route now?” Audain asked looking upon several rows of forges spewing black smoke. “I don’t understand why anyone would want to live in a place like this. I can’t believe we’re actually going to ride into it.” 
“We really don’t have much choice,” Rendel answered. He seemed a bit irritable. “That valley we were in offered no other way than to keep following it downward. The map shows we will need to go west for a while before we can turn north, back into the Forest.”
“We’ve already talked about this,” Jerrid added. “We are all uneasy, Audain. But since we’re this close to the city, we need to get some supplies. It’s been almost a week since we left Gladeis.”
“I know, but it doesn’t make me happy,” she growled. “Arnot and the other cities in the Southlands are full of the Comburen. Mindless consumers Rhecca calls them. She has always said that our people have no place here. The Comburen don’t welcome strangers and they’d rather rob than help you. Let’s get what we need and be out of here.” 
“Try and relax,” Jerrid said. He had a small pouch of coins that his grandfather had given him. “Here, take this. I’ve carried them a long way. Remember, Rhecca is not talking about anyone we’ll meet; she’s just tainted by some bad experiences. If we treat people nicely, we’ll be okay. Maybe we can even learn about the Southlands. It’s always good to know what’s important to people. That way you can guess what to expect from them in the future. I know that the Forest separates us but maybe they can help. I’ve never heard of the Comburen having problems with the Sortiri.”
 As they continued riding, they passed through an area of shacks. Most were built from old boards. Arnot seemed to be a place for the poor.
It was midday when they entered the harbor district. The streets here were laid out in a more orderly manner. The horses’ hooves clomped noisily upon the fieldstone surface. The appearance of the people they passed improved. Most carried bags or packages as they walked along the sidewalks.    
Jerrid stopped before a large storefront. A steady flow of people seemed to be entering and leaving. Audain and Rendel followed his example. Their horses tied to the rail at the edge of the road, they stood there looking uncomfortable. 
“One of us should stay here,” Jerrid said suspiciously.
“You two go in,” Rendel answered. “I’ll keep an eye out.”
Audain and Jerrid entered the front door. Inside, food and other supplies where displayed upon long rows of shelving which stretched from one end of the building to the other. The storekeeper was well past fifty years, partially bald and with a large waistline. He watched carefully as Audain and Jerrid walked along the aisles putting various items into a basket.
 “You Foedan?” the man asked. He possessed a heavy accent. “We don’t get many like you. Between the Forest and that Neverth River, no one travels from the north.” He paused a moment. “I’m not here to barter,” he resumed, “at least not today. Already got more stuff to sell than buyers to buy. If you don’t have money, go someplace else. I don’t want you wasting my time.” 
Audain restrained her inclination to snap at this rude treatment. “What about this?” She took a few coins from the pouch Jerrid had given her and held them up. The cashier walked over for a closer look.
“Oh, that’s fine.” His frown softened. “That’s the coin they use in the little towns. We get traders from all over. Take your time, Miss.” 
“We will,” Audain said though she was glad to see that the basket Jerrid carried was already full. “That should last us for a while,” she whispered. “Let’s pay and get going. The sooner we’re out of here, the better.”
“I’m sorry I was harsh,” the cashier said, overhearing. “We don’t see Foedan much, though we hear tales about their tricks and such. You see, in Arnot we build things with our hands. There’s no funny shaping, or whatever it is you call it. We just work hard. We stick to ourselves and the other Comburen cities. They are like us, so trading is easy.” 
“We don’t see many Comburen either,” Jerrid answered. He placed the basket on a counter. “Most people like it that way. It’s too bad everyone is so nervous of strangers. The Foedan have different ways to make things happen. We try to stay connected to the land. We strive to meld with it, keeping our impact as small as we can. You won’t see any huge rows of forges up north.”
“That’s easy when you don’t have many mouths to feed,” the man replied. “Didn’t you notice? Arnot is the biggest city in the Southlands, far larger than any of your Foedan towns. It takes lots of resources to support a place like this. We do the best we can.”
Audain looked darkly at Jerrid, not understanding why he was talking to this man. She already saw the destruction the Comburen were reaping on southern borders of the Forest. Why call attention upon the Foedan? If these Comburen ever thought to expand to the north, they’d destroy everything the Foedan loved. 
“Let’s go, Jerrid. Our business is done here. These people don’t have the appreciation we do for our world. It’s not their fault; they just don’t care the way we do.”
“I was just trying to see another point of view,” Jerrid replied. “I know things are different in the north. But if we don’t try and understand why people act the way they do, we’ll never get anywhere. Sooner or later our paths will cross. The barriers that seem to have built up over time are getting taller.”  
“You’re right, Son,” the man answered with a smile. “I’m sorry, but it’s hard to change the way we think. I just try to get by. But I like to think I’m a little more open-minded than most, especially since I deal with so many people every day. Most folks have no time or tolerance for other ideas. They become stuck in their ways, though they always deny it. My customers are all a little odd, to be truthful. They tend to think they are perfect. If I let them know otherwise, I soon lose them,” he laughed.
“So it comes down to being realistic,” Jerrid added. “Is that what you’re saying?”
“I guess so. You see, the other option is not so good. Thanks for coming in, both of you. Son, if you and I can live the way we just talked about there probably will be monuments built for us someday. I’ll try, but don’t cut the stone for me yet.” 
Jerrid followed Audain. They were just leaving when a tall man came through an entrance at the opposite end of the store.
“Why, Nathan,” the cashier called. “There was a young woman here a moment ago that paid me with the same coin you use.”
Jerrid overheard the cashier and glanced back. When he recognized Nathan, he pushed Audain along. Outside, they packed their new supplies into saddlebags. Audain finished first and mounted Arum. Jerrid had just untied Feor when Nathan walked from the store. The man from Sligo smiled broadly when he recognized the Sharanth Stallion.
“Why, I thought it was you. And what a horse that is. So you managed to tame him, after all. May I touch him?”
Jerrid put his left foot into the stirrup and swung onto the large animal’s back. He remembered how little trust he had in this man when it came to Feor. 
“He’s a bit wild,” Jerrid answered. “I can’t guarantee that he won’t bite you.”
“That would be no way to treat a friend,” Nathan said, ignoring Jerrid’s warning and stroking Feor’s nose. “What an amazing animal. Were you able to get the supplies you need?” 
“Yes, thanks,” Jerrid answered shortly.
“That’s good. People here are not always easy to deal with, especially for a group like yours. Foedan are rarely seen in these parts. I can help you if you need anything. I know your father will be good for it when I ride back to Garth and tell him where I saw you.” Nathan winked and smiled at Jerrid.
“My father and I don’t exactly see things eye to eye,” Jerrid said, his face flushing a slight red. “Tell him whatever you want. I wouldn’t expect a welcome from him.”
“Easy, Son, don’t judge me too fast. It looks like your horse here is learning patience. Can I ask for a little from you?”
“If I have a lack, maybe that’s something my father forgot to teach.” Jerrid prodded Feor. The horse turned and took a few steps.
“It’s not too late to learn,” Nathan said calmly. “If a horse can become patient, so can the man who rides him.”
“I’m sure that’s true,” Jerrid said with a wry grin. “Unfortunately, there are two problems. Few men want to change, and a man is more apt to forget than a horse.”
“Indeed,” Nathan said laughing heartily. “Let me apologize and start over. I mean no harm to you or your friends. I especially mean no harm to this horse. Just seeing him again fills me with hope and makes me realize I’ve a lot to learn. How I envy you.” Nathan looked one by one at Jerrid and his companions. “I’m an old friend of Jerrid’s and the Foedan of Garth. Call me Nathan. I’m glad to be at your service.”
Audain and Rendel nodded, and introduced themselves. They looked a little uneasy. 
“It was a nice surprise seeing you here, Nathan,” Jerrid said trying to sound sincere. “We only stopped for some supplies and were just leaving. Tell my father I said hello should you be in Garth. I’m not sure when I’ll be back there. Good day to you.”
 He nudged Feor to start walking back along the road. Arum and Tara followed. Jerrid waited until Feor had gone several hundred feet before looking back. The large man from Sligo was gone.
“Who was that?” Audain asked.
“He’s a store keeper from Sligo. My grandfather and I stopped by his shop a few weeks ago. He’s also a bit of a horse trader. Feor is from a herd of wild horses that roams near Sligo. Nathan has been longing to capture wild horses like him for a long time. I guess that’s why I haven’t trusted him.”
“I can see why you’d be suspicious of anyone in this town,” Audain commented. “Rendel, you didn’t hear the cashier in the store but he made it pretty clear that Foedan are not welcome here. Rhecca was right about them.”
“I’ve met a lot of people whose first reaction was suspicion,” Rendel said. “In a place like this, it would be hard to blame anyone.”
They continued riding. Jerrid looked back frequently. He was relieved to see that they were not being followed. About thirty minutes passed. They were about a mile outside of Arnot when Rendel noticed a rider approaching from their rear. 
“It looks like that Nathan is coming up behind us,” he said. “He’s riding quite fast, especially since he’s trailing a loaded pack horse.”
Jerrid thought about speeding up. Instead, he held Feor steady, following Nathan’s advice of patience. They would have to wait and see what would happen.
In a few minutes the trader drew alongside. “It seems like our paths have crossed again, Jerrid. If you don’t mind, I’d like to ride with you for a while.  I hate to travel alone, especially when I’ve a load of goods. I’m heading to Driftwood to trade with some of the merchants there.”
Jerrid was not sure how to answer. He vaguely remembered that Driftwood was two day’s ride west of Arnot. The road he and his friends planned to follow would take them in that direction for many miles. It looked like they’d have to put up with the trader or find some excuse to reject his company.
“What do you two say?” Jerrid asked his companions. “I believe Mr. Nathan will be taking the same road as we are for a while.”
“Oh, good,” Nathan said excitedly. “Are you heading to Driftwood?”
“No, we’ll be turning north sometime tomorrow,” Rendel interjected. “If you want to ride with us until then, I’ve no problem with it.”
“Thanks, Rendel. So now we’ve just got the lady. Beg my pardon, Miss, but I’d love to ride with you and your friends, with your leave of course.”
Audain smiled at his charm and tried to suppress her true reaction. “We’d love to have you along, Mr. Nathan,” she answered trying to sound nonchalant. “The more we have, the safer I shall feel.”
“Wonderful! If you don’t mind me asking, where do you plan to head when you turn north? There’s nothing there but Forest, impassable by most counts. Worse yet is to stay by the river and hope that you don’t get caught in one of those freak floods that pop up in that area.”
“We’re heading to Deluge,” Jerrid answered. 
“The water city,” Nathan said. “Be careful. Those boatmen have no taste for strangers. My trader friends don’t often go that way.”
“Thanks for the warning,” Rendel said.
“Since you’re Foedan maybe you’ll have better luck and they’ll welcome you, send a boat over and take you to their island. It’s a long trip around the lake to the bridge. In Deluge, if they don’t want you, they tend to just ignore you. They like their haunted lake and don’t want outsiders.”
“What do you mean by haunted?” Audain asked curiously. “I’ve spent most of my life by the river that feeds that lake.”
“Sorry, Miss, I meant no offense. It’s just that most people think that there’s something odd about the Neverth. The whole Forest really. It’s unpredictable. Like I said before, one minute you’re walking along the river peacefully and the next the water is rising and threatening to drag you all the way to the sea. Got to be careful, ya do. That’s assuming you’ve a taste for the Forest since you have to pass through it at the same time. A man like me from the Sharanth, I like to feel the sun on my back, see it come up in the morning and set at night. I get a creepy feeling in that Forest.”
“I’m sorry you feel that way,” she feigned. “To me, being out here in the open is creepy and alone. I’m looking forward to seeing the southern part of the Neverth.”
Nathan studied her a moment as he rode. “You must be from the green city then,” he said cautiously. “Don’t hear much from there. Can’t say as though I’ve even met one of you tree people before. I’d love to hear more about your city.” He paused a moment, still thinking. “If you didn’t pass along the southern Neverth, how did you manage to get here?”
Audain realized she was talking too freely. She glanced toward Jerrid, wondering how to answer. 
“We came over the Highlands,” he said, figuring they might as well be direct.
“I see,” Nathan said pondering. “You sure are an unusual fellow, Jerrid. You show up in Arnot on a wild Sharanth when I know you were in Garth just a few weeks ago. Then you say you got here by riding this wild horse, not just through the Forest, but through the most impassable area of it anyone from these Southlands has ever encountered. There’s more to you than I guessed. When I first met you, I thought you were just a rock cutter, sneaking around to spy on my herds. I must admit though, even that had me puzzled.”  
Jerrid looked at Nathan. “I guess I should say thanks? You’ve surprised me as much as I’ve surprised you, it seems. I certainly never thought to see a pushy cow trader from Sligo at the opposite end of the Foeland, trailing a packhorse.”
“Yes, it looks like we are two enigmas. I’m starting to like you, Jerrid. I don’t often say that, especially to a Foedan. I think it’s because of the eyes. They always leave me wondering what your kind is up to.”
“And what do you think now?” Jerrid asked.
“I think you’re up to something,” Nathan said bluntly, “but I’ll respect you to tell me, or not tell me, what it is.”
“In that case, I’ll tell you,” Jerrid said, much to Audain and Rendel’s surprise. “I don’t get along with my father, so I’m off meeting new people, learning about the other Foedan cities and even some things about the Comburen. You turn out to be a special bonus, just another curiosity.”
“That’s straight enough for me,” Nathan answered. “But do you mind telling me one thing? Well, maybe it’s two things. What are you hoping to learn and how in the world did you tame that horse?”
It was Jerrid’s turn now to laugh. “Would you believe me if I answered both questions the same way? I don’t know, and I don’t know!”
Nathan frowned. “Now you’re letting me down, just when I thought we were making some progress. Of course I believe you, my young friend, but maybe you could expand a little?”
“Just remember that a person’s first answer is usually the best because it comes from their heart, not their head.” Jerrid paused to gather his thoughts, noticing that his two friends listened intently. “I am hoping to learn where the Sortiri come from and how to stop them from attacking Garth or any other city. Regarding Feor here, I haven’t tamed him at all. He’s wild through and through. I just became his friend. Somehow, we think alike. We have a connection that I can’t explain because I don’t understand it. I respect his right to accept or reject me. So far, he’s accepted me.”
“So what is this connection telling you right now?” Nathan asked.
“Funny you should ask. You must know him more than you realize because he has been very patient with me. What he wants right now is to run. We’ve been cramped up in the Forest for a while, and then we were in Arnot. He wants me to turn him loose so he can run.”
“Well then, there’s only one thing for you to do,” Nathan answered. “Hold on tight and see if you’re man enough to keep on his back.”
Jerrid noticed Audain and Rendel smiling. 
“I’ll catch up to you before nightfall,” he said, then held on as Feor accelerated to a gallop and left the other horses behind.
“That was pretty interesting, Mr. Nathan,” Audain said. “Thank you for the lesson.”
“And what do you mean by that?”
“You showed us that if you want to know something, just ask,” she replied. “Too often we are afraid to do that.”
“I’m glad I could help.” Nathan seemed to be turning more serious. “Remember though that people come in all kinds. Some don’t like the direct approach. As a trader I know that if I treat all my customers the same, I’ll starve.”
They rode on in silence for the remainder of the afternoon. Jerrid joined them as they made camp. 
“I was wondering about something you said earlier,” Nathan asked when Jerrid settled in. “You mentioned you were trying to learn about the Sortiri. In places like Arnot, the Sortiri are nothing more than a child’s fairytale, like a bad dream or a myth. I’m from the north so I know there’s more to it. Funny thing is, the Comburen have no worries about the Sortiri. The creatures seem to afflict only the Foedan. I hope you learn more. If nothing else, I’m glad you’re making the effort. The doors between the Foedan seem to have been closed for a long time.”
“Have you heard anything about Rhindus?” Rendel asked suddenly.  
The trader gave him a long look. “Rhindus is a difficult place to reach. North beyond Deluge, and with the road into the mountains so difficult, I know of no one who has made the journey. I’m sorry. No rumor from Rhindus has made it to my ears in a long while.”
Rendel did not respond. He merely sat and looked into the campfire.
“After Deluge, we are planning to go there,” Jerrid added. 
“I wish you luck.” Nathan paused and looked at Jerrid and his companions with a deepened expression of respect. “I’m carrying a load of carving tools. Knives, planes, gouges, that sort of thing. They get a lot of wood washing ashore in Driftwood, carried to their beaches by the sea and the river. There are craftsmen there who make their living by carving intricate items from these driftings. I’ve found I can do well trading tools for their work, then take the crafts to Arnot to trade for other things. I was thinking that Deluge might be a good city to take these wares to. Traveling with three Foedan as an escort, I should feel a lot safer than on my last attempt to get there, years ago.”
Jerrid, Rendel and Audain exchanged glances. Audain could tell they were all thinking the same thing. “The Foedan believe a person should be at one with themselves and their environment, follow their instincts, but most importantly, they must use the need of the people to guide their path,” she began. “We are not looking for partners on our trail, yet we will not deny anyone, even a person strange to our ways, a chance to share our road. All we ask is that you are true to us, as we will be to you.”
Nathan smiled and looked closely at each of them. “The Comburen and Foedan have a long history of mistrust. My father told me not to trust anyone from Garth. Later, I realized that what he really meant applied to any Foedan. I have traveled widely and met many people. Whether they are Comburen or Foedan, they almost universally tend to make snap judgments. Sometimes it takes a while to break through that. Once you do, you’ll find most are good at heart. Occasionally, I’ll run into the type I like the least, those who put on a good face but are false to it. Usually these are the hardest to read, deliberately using their positive abilities to hide their true intentions. I want you to know that I am not like that.” He paused a moment, waiting to see if any of his new companions would respond. 
“Thank you for accepting me,” he resumed when no one spoke. “You can trust me. I may even prove useful. Much of my life has been spent on the trail.”
The next day they traveled many miles. Around midafternoon, they came to a junction in the road. Without discussion they turned to the north, following a route that all knew led to the Forest. The Foedan riders failed to notice Nathan as he glanced to the south, suddenly beset by doubt. 
“Were I to go that route,” Nathan mumbled, “I could reach Driftwood before nightfall. I’m too old for such temptations,” he concluded, without truly believing.
“Temptation for what?” Rendel repeated a few seconds later, his sensitive hearing seeming to be on full alert.
“Did you say something?” Jerrid asked. 
“I was asking Nathan what he was tempted by,” Rendel replied. “I heard him say he was tempted, but I couldn’t tell by what.”
“I said that to myself,” Nathan answered, a little startled. “Is this one of those Foedan mind-reading tricks I’ve heard about?”
Audain and Jerrid burst out laughing. “So now we’ve learned where at least one of these myths of Foedan powers comes from,” she said. “It’s not mind-reading, Nathan. It’s just that Rendel has the most sensitive hearing of anyone we know. He hears everything. It takes a little getting used to.”
“I guess I’ll have to be more careful. If you must know, Rendel, I was thinking about a girl I met the last time I was in Driftwood. I must have spoken without realizing.”
As they continued moving, the patches of sagebrush and cactus they passed gave way to swaths of grass. To their west, the southern peaks of the Crosscut Mountains stood out, their elevation increasing as the range stretched to the north.
“The mountains look beautiful today,” Nathan said. “Nearly all the snow has melted from their peaks and the foothills are greening up. If you have good eyes, you may be able to spot the Highlands you crossed to get to Arnot. They are still too far away for me to see. We’re making our way toward the gap where the Neverth River finally cuts through that ridge. Unfortunately, the road passes through the gap, hugging the riverbank.”
Audain looked where Nathan pointed. “My eyes must be better than yours,” she said. “I can see a long wall of cliffs stretching out in front of us.”
 “I never said I have good eyes, just trail savvy and a calloused ass,” Nathan laughed. “If the Neverth has a love for you, I’m hoping it’ll protect us all when we traverse that gap. There are many stories of flash floods happening there. The Comburen think the Forest deliberately unleashes the river against them to keep strangers away. It’s the main reason there is so little interaction between the two races.”
 Jerrid listened closely to the discussion. He had no experience traveling in this region and trusted that Nathan was telling the truth. After his visit to the Summit, he had little doubt that a river could rise in defense of something. Jerrid made it a point to remember to take the lead when they reached that stretch of their journey.
They rode late into the evening twilight before stopping to make camp. The shape of the Highlands was clear now to everyone, even Nathan with his more limited eyesight. The realization that the open grassland would soon be replaced by the shadow of the Forest put the trader into sullen mood. 
“Are you okay, Nathan?” Audain asked. The nearness of the Forest lightened her spirit. Her eyes were already showing a trace of Emerald.
“Just thinking about tomorrow,” he replied irritably. “My stomach is in knots. Last time I came this way, I nearly drowned. I have to keep reminding myself that I’m safe because I’m with you Foedan.”
“It’s hard to gauge what can happen,” Jerrid answered. “Sometimes these lands are deceitful. I think you’re safe with us, but sometimes I wonder if we’re safe.”
“That’s certainly comforting,” Rendel laughed sarcastically. “And here I’ve thought we were safe all this time. I guess I should have known after being attacked by wolves that things might get worse.”
“You should all just relax,” Audain complained.  “Things haven’t gotten worse. We’ve done fine together and that will continue as long as we depend on each other. Nathan, you are wise enough to know the world is unpredictable. It’s up to each of us to be ready to deal with whatever comes our way. I’m starting to realize that it’s better to challenge the unknown than to sit back and wait for it to come to you. Of course, you don’t need me to say that. If you wanted comfort, you’d be sitting in a tavern in Driftwood by now.”
“I’m hungry and my whole body aches,” Rendel said to change the subject. He began to study the ground, looking for twigs. “There’s not much growing around here that’ll hold a flame. I’ll need help finding fuel if we’re going to have a fire tonight.”
An hour later, after much searching for wood, they sat by a small fire eating dinner. Afterwards, Jerrid excused himself to check on the horses as they grazed nearby. He walked slowly, concentrating on the sounds of a moonless night. When he reached Feor, the stallion responded with a gentle nudge from his bristly snout. A few minutes later, Jerrid noticed the soft pad of feet approaching from the direction of the camp.
“There you are,” Audain said as she neared. “Are you ok? I was getting worried.”
Jerrid stopped rubbing Feor and looked toward her. She gasped in surprise when she saw his eyes. They glittered with tiny sparkles of different colors, like the twinkling of stars in a dark sky.
“I was just relaxing with Feor, thinking about some of the things we talked about today. It’s funny. I never thought I’d trust Nathan. Now I’m worried that I will let him down. I can’t imagine people like my father could ever change that easily.”
“I don’t know your father, of course. Maybe you don’t either. Nathan seems to understand people. I like that about him. I know he’s still worried about tomorrow though.”
“And maybe with good reason,” Jerrid added. “As we get closer to the Forest, I can feel its energy building. But there’s something different in it that I don’t recognize.”
“I feel the Emerald, nothing more.” Audain paused and watched as he continued to stroke Feor’s neck. “Feor certainly seems to be enjoying your company.”
 “We love each other,” Jerrid said flatly. “I draw from him, and he draws from me. There’s no question of trust. I guess we should get back. Thanks for coming. It’s nice to know someone is looking out for me.”
“We look out for each other,” she replied.
----
The next morning, they were on the trail about an hour after sunrise. Jerrid took the lead, just as he had planned the previous day. Around mid-morning, they entered the outlying trees that marked the edge of the Forest. When the road reached the crest of a steep valley a short time later, they could see the river below. It wound along through a maze of large boulders and broken granite. The trail traversed its way down the slope then continued northward along the eastern bank.
“Just as I remember,” Nathan said while looking upstream, “the valley narrows beneath the overhang from the Highlands and the trail runs parallel to the riverbank. The water can come up quickly because the channel is so tight.”
 Jerrid began his descent. Audain followed, then Rendel, with Nathan at the rear still trailing his packhorse. The path was steep and switched back and forth several times as it progressed downward. When they reached its bottom, Jerrid stopped and dismounted, then led Feor to a pool where the current made a small eddy. The horse drank its fill while Jerrid stood alongside, ankle deep in the water.   
“I feel energy that reminds me of the concentration of earth power within the Basin back north,” he said. “There’s something mixed with it though, unnatural, like the creek we followed at the base of the Summit.”
The thought of the Basin made Jerrid think of the fledgling city of Yargis. The memory caused him a moment of solace. He wondered how his mother and grandfather were.
 “Are you okay, Jerrid?” Audain asked, noticing a look of sadness on his face.
“I was just thinking about home,” he answered.
“I thought you were glad to be away from there,” Nathan said.
“I don’t miss my father, that’s true. I wonder about others, even though that life seems so far away and dim.”
 “That’s one of the blessings of travel, Son. You forget your troubles and if you’re clever enough to bring gifts when you return, your family will be glad to see you. The trouble for me is that I can’t keep the goodwill flowing for long, so I’ve got to leave again.”
They all laughed. Audain’s and Rendel’s smile told Jerrid that they understood how he felt. Perhaps they even felt that way themselves. 
As they traveled farther into the valley, its walls became sheer. Only a few individual pine trees grew, somehow managing to cling to the cliff face. There was little sign left of the trail. It had dissolved into the riverbed, leaving the horses to struggle along. 
“I was afraid of this, lots and lots of loose rocks,” Nathan murmured. “Your mountain horses are more sure footed. Three times now, one or the other of my horses nearly broke a leg. I’m starting to wonder if I’m cut out for this.” He looked about nervously.
“I can slow the pace if you think that would help,” Jerrid replied. He looked back to see if there was an improvement in Nathan’s disposition. While his head was turned, he noticed a dull throbbing within his senses.
“Flood!” Jerrid yelled. He glanced ahead and spotted a large block of stone by the side of the river. “Follow me, quick, before the water gets here.” 
Feor carried Jerrid ahead about two hundred feet to a small gravel bar in the riverbed. The block rose above them but its sides were too steep for the horses to climb. The young Shaper jumped to the loose ground. He drew his chisel and hammer, and began using them to fracture the leading face of the stone. Large slabs slid downward. They landed one upon the other, forming a crude ramp that led to the top of the mass. Though a bend in the valley blocked the view upstream, a muffled roar could be heard as the flash flood churned toward them.
Audain was the first to reach the improvised ramp. She led Arum upward. Rendel followed with Tara. Jerrid looked for Nathan. The trader was fifty feet behind, struggling to calm his packhorse. 
“Let it go, Nathan,” Jerrid shouted, jumping down the incline and running back to help. “Get up there with your other horse. The water will be upon us any second. I’ll try and get him to come.” 
Nathan released the packhorse and spurred his mount. 
Jerrid tried to calm the terrified animal that remained behind. He put his arms around its neck and called out in a soothing tone. The horse settled down and began to move forward. The heavy load upon its back hampered its progress. 
The surge of water was now in view. Relieved to see Nathan climbing up to safety, Jerrid knew his only chance to catch up was to ditch the load. With his short sword, he cut the cinch strap holding the sacks of tools and let them fall. A moment later, he swung onto the horse’s back and exerted his Foedan power. The animal reached the gravel bar and began to scramble to join the other horses. The flood struck the upstream side of the block. With a burst upward from its hind legs, the horse lurched up the ramp to safety.
The water receded about an hour later. Jerrid joined Nathan and went to look for the belongings that had been left behind.
“It’s no use,” Nathan said dejectedly. “The force of that water moved boulders and trees. My bundles aren’t going to stand up against that.”
“I’m sorry,” Jerrid replied. “I should have realized that with two horses you would need help. When I reached you, there just wasn’t enough time.”
“I don’t blame you for trying to save your own skin,” Nathan said. “In a moment of panic like that, it’s the natural thing to do.”
“That’s not fair,” Audain protested. She and Rendel had joined the search. “None of us would have made it up the rock had Jerrid not shaped the stone for us.”
“Shaping? I didn’t see any shaping,” Nathan replied. “I was fighting with my horses. When I looked up, all three of you were high and dry while I faced a torrent. Jerrid, don’t get me wrong. Thanks for coming back and saving my horse. You did the right thing. At that point, there was no other way to get him to safety. To be sure, I thought you were crazy to come back.”
“Audain is right, Nathan,” Rendel added. “Without Jerrid taking the lead we’d have all been killed. Don’t take this out on him.”
Nathan looked at them. “What’s done is done. There is no reason to fret about it now. I said all along that this valley was no place for a Comburen man like me. Only the high Foedan with their magic powers should dare travel here. I’m lucky you saved me.”
“Please, Nathan,” Jerrid said. “We are friends now. Let’s keep looking. If we don’t find anything, you can at least make some contacts in Deluge, then come back later with another load.”
“No, there will be no return for me. This valley is a menace. I consider all of you to be my new Foedan friends. I hope our paths cross again. For me, the road is back to Arnot. I have some credit there and should be able to make a few trips to Driftwood, recover my losses.”
Jerrid did not know what to say. “Have a safe journey. I’m sorry we did not have more time together. You taught me not to judge people. I will try to remember that.”
“Yes, Jerrid, it is the changing part of what we do that matters most,” Nathan said. “Many times have I heard the words; ‘I will try.’ ”
The three Foedan looked on as Nathan mounted his saddle horse. Taking the lead rope to the now bareback packhorse, he began to retrace the way they had come that morning.
“Take care, Nathan,” Jerrid shouted. “When I get back to Garth, I promise I will come to Sligo, maybe even trade for some livestock. How’s that for a start?”
“Remember what I said about change,” Nathan laughed. “It’s a long way. Foedan tricks or not, even with a mount like Feor there are many dangers to be wary of. Giving people a chance is a noble idea. Just don’t forget that there are some who would rather clean out your bags than chat.”






Chapter 11: Sapphire


“What are we supposed to do now?” Rendel said, looking across the wide expanse of water with Audain and Jerrid by his side. They had been following the bank of the swiftly moving river for over a day since Nathan turned back, and now stood atop a white mass of sandstone.  It held the river in check, forming a large lake that stretched out before them. To their left, the Neverth flowed over the spillway, descending about thirty feet into a foaming pool and then rushing to the south.
Jerrid knelt down and touched the unusual rock formation beneath his feet.
“That must be Deluge across there, perched up above the water,” Audain said absently. “The city of water. Nathan said it is inaccessible, except by boat. In Gladeis, we think of Deluge as a cold place, cold and inhospitable. We seldom come here.”
Jerrid compared her description to a strange presence he felt in the sandstone. After a moment, he stood up, his eyes glowing with Amber. 
“There’s a confusion of earth power here,” he mumbled. “I’ve never experienced it before.” He paused a moment. When he realized that his friends were listening, he became more focused. “I’m not sure how to explain. Usually a rock portrays a sense of bottomless age. Here I feel more of a yearning, like the sadness that hits you when you look forward to something for a long time and suddenly realize that what you hoped for will never happen.”
Rendel looked at him with a puzzled expression. “You don’t make the water sound very inviting, and I’m not much of a swimmer. I thought Nathan said there was a bridge?” He glanced back to the bottom of the spillway where the horses waited. “Maybe we should look for it. Better yet, we can keep making our way north. We’ve enough supplies to last for quite some time.”
Jerrid studied the shoreline a little more closely. “I think those rocks over there are some sort of landing.” He pointed a few hundred yards away. “It looks like there’s a trail that leads to it. We may as well take another look from there.” 
Rendel shrugged and retreated down the steep slope beside the spillway. About fifteen minutes later, he was the first to reach the landing.
“Is that a boat I see?” Jerrid exclaimed when he caught up. He pointed to a spot about midway across the expanse of water between them and the city.
“I was wondering about that,” Rendel replied. “At first I thought it was a large bird floating in the water. Now I’m not so sure.”
“It does look like a boat, but kind of low and flat,” Audain commented. “Maybe it’s a ferry of some sort.” 
Whatever it was, it was making steady progress, heading straight toward them. 
“There’s a person aboard, a young boy, I think,” Jerrid added. “He can’t be more than twelve or thirteen. It’s odd though. He’s not even rowing.”
It did not take long for Audain and Rendel to see that Jerrid was right. About half an hour later, a ferry measuring about twelve feet in width by thirty feet in length, pulled up to the landing. The boy walked to its bow and tied a line to a post sunk between two large rocks. He was just over five feet tall, thin and wiry. His face beamed with a broad smile. His eyes glowed brightly with Sapphire blue, a contrast to his curly red hair.
“Hello, my name is Sefin,” he called out cheerfully as he stepped onto the landing. “Would you like me to take you to the city? We haven’t had visitors arrive from the south in as long as I can remember. Usually that way is closed.”
“Closed,” Rendel said. “Closed by what?”
“By the river, of course,” Sefin called. He walked to a patch of grass that grew nearby and plucked a stalk to chew on. “Actually, it’s the spillway I saw you standing on a little while ago. It sort of guards the narrows. I don’t know how or why, but sometimes it lets a torrent loose. I think it let one flow yesterday. I noticed a mist rising down here. It’s a wonder you didn’t see it.”
“Oh, we saw,” Rendel said, alarmed and surprised by what he heard. “It nearly caught us. Now who would want to deliberately flood travelers like that?”
“It’s not a matter of who,” Sefin answered, seeming a little confused, “more of a what, I’d say. If you come to the city, you can ask the Elders. The only thing is, they probably won’t tell you anything useful. Not because they hold back, but because they just don’t know. They’ll never admit it though,” he ended, chuckling merrily.
“I know what you mean,” Jerrid replied. “Almost every Elder I’ve ever met speaks that way too.”  He left Feor and walked to the boat. “You’re kind of young to be out here picking up strangers aren’t you? Shouldn’t you be asking us questions before offering to take us to Deluge?”
“Questions, I’ve heard a bunch of them asked here,” he said with a sense of distain. “The thing is, after all the questions are done, they always take everyone to the city anyway. Why waste all that time? Barris said for me to watch the south landing and bring anyone I see to the city. That’s what I’m doing. For two days now, I’ve been watching, as punishment for not paying attention. An apprentice is supposed to always pay attention, Barris says, and follow instructions. That’s what I’m doing now, though I’m sure he never thought I’d actually be picking any visitors up. So if you want to go to the city, climb aboard.”
“What about the horses?” Audain asked.
“You can bring them. This barge can carry a good many more than the three you have here. We have a stable in the city, though it is seldom used. It’s not large, but they will be safe there.”
Jerrid walked back to Feor. He pulled the stallion’s head close to his own for a moment, as if explaining what to expect on this new experience.
“Go slow. Keep the horses to the middle,” Sefin explained. One by one, he helped the riders guide their mounts to the center of the wooden platform. Supporting it was a series of hollow barrel-like cylinders lashed to heavy support timbers. When everyone seemed positioned, he untied the rope, pushed away from shore and sat down on a stool near the stern. He then grasped the handle of the rudder. 
A moment later, Jerrid felt a slight vibration coming from the floor of the craft. He looked at Sefin. The boy smiled back, his eyes blazing with Sapphire. Gradually, the boat began to move and was soon speeding northwest at the pace of a brisk walk. 
“Sefin,” Jerrid said in wonder, a smile wide across his face. “I don’t understand. Is there a rope beneath the water that pulls us?”
“No rope,” Sefin answered, seeming a bit irritated by the question. “Don’t you know anything about Sapphire? This may be just a small barge, and I am only an apprentice, but I can pilot with my Sapphire as well as men twice my age.”
“You mean it’s only the power of your enhancement that moves us?” Rendel said. “That is amazing.”
“I wouldn’t call it amazing,” Sefin replied, growing less defensive and returning to his prior state of cheerfulness. “It’s something all Shapers do, and some apprentices. We depend on these barges to move our goods from place to place. We have no need for horses or wagons. The water is our horse and the barge is our wagon.”
“Do you think you could teach me how to do this?” Jerrid asked, intrigued. 
“I can try,” Sefin answered, sounding a little doubtful. “I’ve never tried to train anyone before. That’s what Masters do. Without Sapphire though, nothing will happen.”
“Is it ok for me to grab the rudder, to hold it with you?” Jerrid asked.
Sefin looked puzzled but nodded his permission. Jerrid grabbed the end of the handle and willed himself to relax. He quickly established an Emerald connection, feeling the wood and allowing himself to interact with it like Audain trained him to do. He felt the flow of the water running over the wood’s outer surface beneath the boat. Yet he was surprised that there seemed to be no unusual force or energy within its structure. He glanced up and smiled. Sefin was looking directly at him.
“I like that green color in your eyes,” the boy said with a grin. “I’ve never seen that before. Just remember. It takes Sapphire to make the water move the boat. Let me know when you’re ready to start.”
“What do you mean? I’ve been ready,” Jerrid answered feeling abashed. “Why do you think I took the rudder?”
“I don’t know,” Sefin said and smiled again. “I thought you wanted to steer. What else does a rudder do?”
Rendel and Audain laughed at the dumbfounded look that crossed Jerrid’s face. When he realized what a fool he was being, he laughed himself. Sefin joined in as they all enjoyed the joke. 
“Okay, Sefin,” Jerrid said when everyone calmed down. “I guess I am ready now. I’m not always patient, you can see.”
Sefin grew more serious. “The power to move the boat comes from the lake. You may want to sit down and put your hand over the side where you can feel the water. I did that at first, but now I can propel the boat without actually touching it.” 
He waited until Jerrid repositioned himself. “Have you ever noticed how when you put two magnets together, they will either try to pull each other tight or push away from each other? The way they behave depends on which way they are turned. To get the boat moving, you need to make the water feel like one magnet and the wood like the other. Then, all you have to do is turn them the way you want, and they will repel each other. This causes the boat to go one way, and the water the other.”
“Sounds simple enough,” Jerrid said. “So how do I make the water act like a magnet?”
“You have to feel the waves in it. Not the waves you see when you look at the surface, but the waves of energy that flow through it. Then you focus on the area around the boat and use your Sapphire to rotate them. When you get it right the boat will start to move forward. It takes some practice. You can then use the rudder to steer. That’s how it was explained to me. It took me a few days but little by little, I caught on.”
“You make it sound pretty simple. You’ve even given me some ideas I never had before. Let’s see if I can make any use of them.” Jerrid looked up to see Audain paying close attention as well.
Small ripples of lake water lapped at the front of the bow as the small ferry slowly moved northward. Jerrid paid no attention to them, or the gentle breeze blowing into their faces. Instead, he concentrated on the water, letting it run over his right hand as he dragged it along. At first, he felt only its coolness and saw its pure clarity as the afternoon sunlight glittered from the surface into his eyes. Gradually, he allowed these sensations to overtake his consciousness as he disconnected his senses. 
Sefin looked on and smiled even more broadly than before. He saw a glimmer of Sapphire arise in the eyes of his new student.
----
When they reached the city’s docks, Jerrid closed his eyes and pictured the sunlight of a bright morning like his grandfather once taught him. He didn’t want anyone to notice even a hint of blue in his eyes.  During their crossing, Sefin had stopped the ferry. With some additional coaching, he managed to teach Jerrid the rudiments of the local craft of piloting a lake barge. 
“Get a hold of yourself,” Audain whispered to Jerrid, “or we’re going to get far more attention than we’re looking for.”
A small crowd waited as Sefin skillfully directed the boat into one of the open slips. They appeared to be curious fishermen, just in from the lake. A few bystanders looked down from the edge of the city. After getting a glimpse of the visitors and their horses, both a rare sight in Deluge, they dissipated, climbing the ramp that led up about twenty feet to the level of the city. By the time Sefin completed tying off the barge, only one elderly man remained. He was rather on the short side, well rounded at the waist. He had a look of impatience on his clean-shaven face. The tufts of short hair around his temples were gray.  
“Welcome to Deluge,” he said as Sefin turned his attention to helping Rendel lead Tara from the barge up a small ramp to the stone landing that anchored the end of the dock. “I trust you had a fair crossing. I’ve been watching for some time. Did you have some difficulties, Sefin? I noticed you stopped a few times.”
“No difficulties, Master Barris,” Sefin answered. “This man here, Jerrid he is called, wanted to try the craft of piloting. He and his friends, Audain and Rendel, are from Gladeis. You told me to fetch any visitors from the South Landing. I trust I have served you.”
 “Yes, you have done well,” Barris answered. “Rest assured that you may join the other apprentices in tomorrow’s lessons. Only now, I’m not sure where to start.” He paused for a moment and looked toward Jerrid and his companions. “I am Master Shaper Barris. It has been a long while since we had news from your city. Is all well there? It is strange that you would arrive from the south.”
  “Thank you for your concern,” Audain replied. “As Sefin said, my name is Audain. My father is Captain of Gladeis. We come from the south, for our travels have brought us here from Arnot.”
“I see, very unusual that is,” Barris replied, still confused. “Especially with Sefin mentioning yesterday that the Spill seemed to be flowing as it sometimes does. It’s odd it would treat Foedan in this way, especially those of the Emerald. I am glad you survived it. We would not want our garden city brothers to perish in such a manner.”
“We are not all from Gladeis,” Jerrid said. “I am from Garth. There was also a Comburen man with us, a good man, coming here in hopes of opening trade with you.”
“I’m sorry,” Barris said scornfully. “We do not wish to trade with Arnot. Was he killed then, when somehow you three survived?”
“I hope you’re not disappointed,” Jerrid said tersely. “We all survived, though after the water ebbed, our friend decided to return to Arnot. It seems he made the right choice.”
“Yes, I should say he did,” Barris replied coldly. “I’m sorry, but he would not have been welcome.” 
“Why is that?” Rendel asked, getting caught up in the discussion. “What is it that you have against the Comburen? You judge our friend without knowing him.”
“Please sir, be calm. We do not judge, and I hope you are not judging us now, though you seem to be. Let me ask you something. When you visited Arnot, did you travel north of that city?”
“Yes, we did,” Rendel answered, trying to remain calm.
“Did you then perchance notice anything about the Forest in that area, or even the land itself?”
Rendel thought for a moment but seemed to draw a blank.
“We noticed destruction near the edge of the Forest,” Audain answered for him. “The land was carved open, exposing seams of different ores.”
“Yes, that’s it,” Barris replied. “And when you went to the city, I’ll guess you noticed great piles of these items and many large buildings with smoke belching from them. It is in these buildings that the Comburen use the spoils from our Forest and hills to manufacture goods. They seem to thrive upon these goods, never being satisfied with what they have, always needing more. In Deluge, we strive to live in harmony with the land, using only what we must, growing rather than taking. Were we to trade with Arnot and people like your friend, we would be adding to the destruction they bring.”
“I’m sorry,” Jerrid replied. “I see I have judged you unfairly. Please forgive me.”
“None of you need ask for my forgiveness,” the Master said. “I am honored that I was able to help you see our point of view. All the Foedan people live in a similar fashion. Yet since we travel seldom, we sometimes do not notice that things are changing around us. We began to realize what was happening in Arnot a number of years ago. The earth powers in the Spill have risen to protect the Forest. They do not ask for our permission. They act without our knowledge.” He paused for a moment and watched as Sefin prepared to bring Feor to shore.
“I would like to speak more with all of you, though this is not the place,” Barris continued. “I see your horses are nearly all on solid footing now. Sefin shall show you where you can stable them for tonight. Our chief Elder will have heard of your arrival by now. I believe he will also want to speak with you. Perhaps we can provide you a meal and you can tell us more about your travels and why you are here?”
“Yes, thank you,” Jerrid answered. “We wish to be no burden. We’re merely passing by on our way north.”
“Sefin,” Master Barris commanded. “After you have helped our new friends put up their mounts, bring them to the Shaper’s Platform.”
Sefin nodded. The old Master turned and walked up the ramp into the city. The apprentice motioned everyone to follow. When they reached the level above, he led them into the wider streets of the city and through an area of small shops. 
The stable was up a side alley, away from the active harbor market. They left the horses in the care of another apprentice. Their mounts seemed content with an ample supply of straw and fresh water. Following Sefin, the travelers were able to briefly tour the city. He took them from one street to the next on a steady progression of upward sloping passages, heading toward the center of the island. A few times Jerrid tried to see ahead but the height of various buildings obscured his view. Occasionally, he looked back and was able to glimpse the blue of the surrounding lake. The view made him realize they were already a surprising height above its surface.
After traveling about a quarter mile, they entered an area where no buildings had been built. Many rooftops were visible below, descending in arched rows toward the lake. They walked along a rocky slope devoid of vegetation until reaching a circular wall of sandstone, ten feet high and approximately fifty feet in diameter. Sefin explained that it was a reservoir, located at both the highest point and the center of the city.
 Along the eastern side of the reservoir steps led to the top of the wall. They connected to a large platform made of wood. Barris sat there at a simple table. With him was an older man. Though small and withered, he possessed a hardened quality. Jerrid thought of the ancient pine trees that grew atop the Summit when he looked at him. 
“Welcome, this is Master Dellum, the leader of our Elders,” Barris said, motioning for them to sit down. “Our Shapers come here often to get away from the bustle of the city. It is a place to speak freely and to think clearly. Sefin, before I ask you to leave, you mentioned that Jerrid wanted to try the craft of piloting. Please tell me more about this. Was he at all successful?” 
“He started slowly, but then seemed to catch on,” the apprentice said, not noticing the look of surprise these words brought to Dellum’s face. “He figured out the basics quicker than I did when I learned two summers ago.” 
“There’s been a nice breeze blowing all afternoon,” Barris said doubtfully. “Did perhaps you confuse Jerrid’s efforts with a push from the wind?”
“No, Master. I am quite certain. Jerrid piloted us the last mile, dead into it. His pace was nearly equal to mine, though his control is a bit unrefined. I didn’t think he was ready to bring us to dock, so I took over as we entered the harbor.”
“Thank you, Sefin. We shan’t be in need of you until dusk.” Barris paused a moment, watching the boy as he headed down the steps. “Where are my manners?” he continued, then pointed at a platter resting upon the table. “Please, help yourselves to some food and drink. You must be hungry. It is a long trail from here to Arnot.”
Barris waited while they all got something to eat. Jerrid took advantage of the break to enjoy the beauty of the setting. The blue of the lake contrasted with the wooded shoreline to the east. When he looked south, he saw the whiteness of the spillway. Beyond it the contour of the land was distinct where the river made its way into the Narrows. 
“Is that your valley?” he asked Audain, as he pointed almost due east.
“Yes, the river enters the lake there,” Barris answered for her. “Gladeis is a week’s ride up the valley from that point. It’s been far too long since anyone from our city traveled that route.”
“What is that river I see further north?” Jerrid asked, squinting in that direction.
“You must have good eyes, Jerrid,” Barris replied. “That’s the Heimdell. It gets most of its flow from small streams leaving the mountains. It originates in the shadows of the plateau where the ruins of Aradith lay.”
“Have you had any word from Rhindus?” Jerrid asked softly, looking to the northwest.
“No, I’m afraid not,” Barris said carefully. He noticed that Jerrid was looking in its direction. “We heard rumors of the Sortiri attacking there some years back, other than that, nothing.”
“What sort of rumors?” Rendel asked.
 “Nothing specific,” Dellum answered, breaking into the conversation, his voice dry but not unpleasant. “I think it was more speculation than anything. Some of our Shapers sensed a foreboding after a full moon. A few guessed that it meant that there was an attack. We considered sending a scouting party to check on the city.” He paused a moment to look north. “I’m embarrassed to admit that we decided against it.”
“That’s over now,” Barris added. “So, tell us now, if I may be so bold. Why are you here?”
	“We are trying to learn more about the Sortiri,” Jerrid answered quietly. “We hoped you might help us.” 
	“The Sortiri are nothing to us,” Barris snapped immediately, “nothing but a bad dream.”
	“I’m sorry,” Jerrid replied. “When I was young, I watched the ‘bad dream’ attack Garth. My mother and a few others were lost. I was too young to really understand what happened. My hope on this journey is to learn more about these Sortiri, in case they decide to return to Garth.”
	“You will learn nothing here,” Barris said more firmly. He seemed unwilling to meet Jerrid’s gaze. 
	“What of you Master Dellum?” Jerrid pressed, growing agitated by the curt responses. “Do you have any words to help the other Foedan understand the Sortiri? I fear their menace is more than a bad dream, as Master Barris calls it. Perhaps it is even a living nightmare? I have heard rumors that the creatures have attacked this city. To tell you the truth, today I was a little surprised to find that your city still existed at all.”
	Barris rose from his seat as if to confront Jerrid. The ancient Master grabbed the younger man’s arm and pulled him back. “I will answer, truthfully and totally,” Dellum said. “But only if you answer one question of mine in the same way.”
	“What is the question?” Jerrid asked. 
	“First, you must agree to answer.” Barris said coarsely. “If you have nothing to hide, what risk do you have in the question?”
	“Every man has things to hide,” Jerrid snapped, “but I will take the risk. What is your question?”
	“I would like to know how you piloted our boat today. You see, my question is quite simple.”
	“Yes, Dellum, that is a simple question,” Jerrid answered. “My reply is quite simple as well. You see, I am a Blender. My natural enhancement is Amber. Audain has taught me to use Emerald, and today, Sefin was kind enough to provide me a key to understanding Sapphire. Your use of energy waves is fascinating. I can hardly wait to see what else I can do with this principle. Now, please answer my question.”
	“Wait, Dellum,” Barris interrupted. “Do you think we are fools? There has been no Blender since the early days. Why should we believe you?”
	“Because your own apprentice told us the same thing,” Dellum answered quietly. “I believe you Jerrid, and I will tell you our tale about the Sortiri. To save time, I will be concise. We have been attacked eight times. The first was seven years ago. In that attack, the creatures stole into the city while we slept. They made away with the souls of eight of our people, six adults and two children. Their next attack came less than a year later. This time, we recognized the warning signs and put our strongest men on the bridge to defend the city. In that attack we lost fifteen souls, many of them our best Shapers. From that experience we learned that we could not keep the creatures out of our city. Instead, we decided to put our people on boats to see if the Sortiri could swim. Since then, there have been five more attacks. The people on the boats have been safe. Only the few stubborn souls who refused to join have perished.”
	“Can you tell me something about the condition of the people who the Sortiri have attacked?” Jerrid asked.
	“They still breathe, but all life is gone from their eyes and mind,” Dellum said. “We put them in floats made from bark and dry willow whips, and then we send them over the Spill. The water reclaims them, just as it always has when our brethren Foedan reach their time to depart.”
	Jerrid did not know what else to say. “I am sorry,” he replied at last, his voice thick with emotion. “If we can find a way to help you, know that we will.”
	“There is no help against the Sortiri,” Barris interjected. “They are a part of our lives now, a curse put on the Foedan that we must endure. We have accepted that.”
	Jerrid shuddered to think what would happen if the Sortiri learned to use the energy waves made possible through the Sapphire. 
	“Thank you for the food and for allowing us to come to your city,” Audain said. “It will be dark soon. If you would provide us with a place to sleep, with your leave, we would like to get an early start tomorrow. Our next destination is Rhindus.”
	“I thought you might say that,” Dellum said. “I believe Sefin is waiting at the top of the steps. He’s been there awhile if my hearing does not deceive me. He will show you to quarters near the stables. There also will be some supplies prepared for you. Sefin will pilot you to the north landing in the morning. I appreciate your directness, Jerrid. I hope you are able to bring your skills to good use. You’ve given Barris and I much to consider.”
Dellum rose and walked down the steps. Barris held back as if he wanted to say something, but decided against it and followed. When they were gone, Rendel went back for more food. He motioned to Sefin to join him. Audain and Jerrid did as well.
“So you are a Blender,” Sefin said in awe. “I knew it as soon as we got past that business with the rudder.”
“Let’s not start with that again,” Jerrid said, ignoring the smirks on Audain and Rendel’s faces. “How long were you sitting there?”
“My ears say he never really left,” Rendel commented. “He went down the steps, trotted a few paces along the path and snuck back up here. My guess is he heard every word.” 
The smile on the boy’s face confirmed that Rendel was right. “My older brother often says that curiosity is a great equalizer. With it, a person grows. Without it, he shrinks. If I see a chance to grow, I don’t let it slip past me.” 
“You are wise to listen to him,” Jerrid replied.  
“Maybe,” Sefin laughed, “but I often find myself in trouble with Master Barris.”
“I’m glad to see that you don’t allow that to hold you back,” Jerrid said. Almost instinctively he felt a connection to Sefin. They both liked pushing limits that others tried to set for them. “What about the rest of your family? Do you have other brothers or sisters?”
“I have two sisters, twins, born just before the first attack of the Sortiri seven years ago. My mother died during their birth,” he paused and looked to the south toward the end of the lake. “I remember watching her go over the spill. My father joined her there just a year later. He fell defending the city from the Sortiri. My brother is ten years older than me. He was forced to raise us. That’s not a job any young man would relish, but he has put his heart into it. I think he was relieved when I became an Apprentice. Now I spend most of my time under the watch of Master Barris and my brother has one less charge to worry about.”   
“I’m sorry you have faced so much sadness,” Audain said. 
“Don’t be sad for me. My brother is a good Shaper and my sisters make me laugh. I try to make the most out of each day I am given.”
 Everyone grew silent while they finished eating their meal. From their vantage above Deluge, they watched the rays of gold and red light from the setting sun cascade upon the city, the lake, and even the Crosscut Mountains to the west. When the food was gone, Jerrid shifted his focus eastward toward the Summit. Though he could not pick out its distinctive shape from such a distance, he noted a faint glitter of color that seemed to pulse within an area of clouds that drifted above the darkening horizon. 
 “We should head back down into the city,” Sefin said. “There is a room near the stable where you can spend the night. It is not fancy, but you will be comfortable. I can show you more of the city in the morning.” 
“I’m afraid that we will be leaving at first light,” Jerrid replied, then cringed a little when he realized how harsh this sounded. “Rendel is from Rhindus. We are concerned about his people there.”
“I understand,” Sefin answered. The natural glow that seemed to envelop his face dimmed slightly with the news that his newfound companions would not be staying long. 
----
The birds were heralding in the new day when Sefin knocked on the door of the room where Jerrid and his friends were bunked. Dellum was right when he said they’d be near the stables. In reality, they used the same beds built for the hands who sometimes worked there. Jerrid had rested well, happy to be near Feor. 
Their young guide escorted them to the harbor. The city was just rousing as he piloted a barge away from the docks and turned it northward. He let Jerrid experiment a little with this new skill while offering additional pointers and insights into the Sapphire. The stone cutter’s face beamed with joy as he expanded his new ability. 
“We also use the Sapphire for other tasks such as pumping water, irrigating crops and creating farms to raise fish,” the boy said. “As you have learned, it even has become our main defense from the Sortiri. Without Sapphire our city could not exist here.” 
About two hours after sunrise, the barge reached the northern landing. Sefin helped lead the horses onto solid ground, then looked at the three travelers expectantly.
“One day I’m going on a journey of my own,” he began, then glanced toward the island city. Its upper reaches were just visible across the water. “My people have always thought that they were safe there. The Sortiri have proven them wrong. Now I hear Dellum muttering about threats from the Comburen. I wish I could come with you so I could learn more.”
Rendel turned and looked straight at the boy. “Your place is here, at least for now. Don’t underestimate what you mean to your people, and what they will mean to you one day. Your calling will come soon enough I’m afraid. Until then, do as you have done, enjoy each day, help your brother and laugh with your sisters.” When he finished speaking he mounted Tara and turned her northward. Without looking back he coaxed her into a walk. 
“We will come back when we can, Sefin,” Jerrid added as he climbed onto Feor. “Rendel is right. None of us know when our calling will come. Watch for the sign.” 
“Goodbye, young Sapphire,” Audain said after embracing the boy. She then hoisted herself onto Arum and followed her companions. Left alone, Sefin grudgingly walked to his barge and began to pilot it back across the open water.






Chapter 12: Fallen Bridges


It was early afternoon on the second day after they left Deluge. Advancing north from Lake Neverth, they progressed through the sea of spruce trees that covered the wide area between the eastern banks of the Heimdell and the knees of the Crosscut Mountains to the west. The pyramid shaped tops of the trees waved majestically in the blue sky. The Forest floor beneath them was open and covered by a thin layer of tall grass.
“Don’t you think you’ve eaten enough?” Jerrid said kiddingly during a short stop. Feor munched away as the stone Shaper looked back to check upon the other riders.
“This place is so peaceful,” Audain said, “I guess I didn’t realize how nervous I’ve been. It looks like Feor has found time to relax too.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Rendel replied. “Each mile we cover makes me more anxious, knowing Rhindus grows closer. I’ve been thinking about what the Shrine showed me.” 
“I’ve been thinking a lot too,” Jerrid added. “Especially after hearing how the Sortiri have plagued Deluge. It makes me sad to learn what they have suffered.”
“How were we to know?” Audain said defensively, turning her head away when Jerrid looked at her sternly.
“I think the Council in Garth knew,” he said. “Others suspected as well, even in your city, Audain. We all are guilty of turning a blind eye.”
Rendel shifted uneasily in his saddle.
“I’m sorry, Rendel. This must be especially difficult for you. I probably should keep my thoughts to myself. Audain is right, this is an exhilarating area, full of freshness. I should be concentrating on using its essence to build my spirits up instead of dwelling on hurts we cannot mend.”
“That’s okay,” Rendel replied. “I’m dwelling too, but doesn’t someone have to? How are we going to end this plague unless we recognize it?”
“You two dwell all you want!” Audain shouted out in exasperation. “I’m not blind to what we’ve learned but I need a break from it. Enjoy the last of the afternoon without me. I’m riding ahead to find a good place to make camp.”
She spurred Arum forward. In spite of the miles covered on the trail in recent days, the stallion seemed to welcome the chance to run. The two men watched as she disappeared around a bend in the trail. They looked at each other wondering if they had driven her away.
“She’ll be okay,” Jerrid said. “I’ve been using my enhancements to reach out. I don’t sense any threats. I don’t think she’ll go far.”
“Yeah, she’s probably right. We’re all getting to each other after being together so much.  I think that I’m starting to remember a little though, by dwelling as Audain would say.”
“Things from the Shrine you mean?” Jerrid asked.
“Yes, from that night.” 
Jerrid waited for him to elaborate. Eventually he realized that the silence did more to explain the turmoil going on in Rendel’s mind than any words would have. 
They found Audain sitting on a large boulder near the edge of the trail. She was busy engaging her Emerald, using its power to relax and expand, something they all had been working on whenever time allowed. Though her eyes remained closed, they knew she was aware of their presence. They went about unsaddling the horses to make an early camp. Jerrid walked with Feor to a nearby area of thicker grass. He rubbed down the horse’s chest and haunches, and then left him to graze. 
That night, following Audain’s example, the two men exercised their enhancements. Since his awakening upon the Summit, Rendel had become fully adept at calling up his Opal. Drawing from whatever breeze was blowing, he used its energy to heighten his senses, allowing his spirit to soar as if it were itself free to float with the wind. Tonight, in the light of a waxing moon just reaching its first quarter, he guided his senses to the west and allowed them to drift upward to the Crosscut. He knew that somewhere upon those slopes rested Rhindus, the city of wind. The thought of reaching that destination brought him a mixture of trepidation and excitement. Though his Opal felt strong, he held back, not daring to reach out to his former home.
Early the next morning, the trail intersected with another road. From his knowledge of maps and his time spent soaring with his Opal, Rendel knew that the western branch lead over the Heimdell and up into the mountains. Taking the lead, he guided them in that direction. Soon after fording the river, the valley floor began to slope upward. Ahead, the foothills of the mountains loomed, their sparse foliage accentuating the western border of the Forest, beyond which, trees were few and scattered. 
Rendel still lead the way upon Tara. He advanced confidently as the road wound upward. The soil became gray and rocky. In some areas patches of short grass and sagebrush swayed in a gentle breeze that descended from above. By midafternoon, the presence of the Crosscut put them into a lingering shadow. After several hours of gloom, darkness finally fell with unexpected suddenness as they settled into an uncomfortable camp. Without discussion they refrained from lighting their usual fire, yielding to a compelling instinct to guard their presence upon the exposed knee of the mountains.  
Jerrid found himself shivering with an inhospitable chill when he woke up the next morning. It was brought on more by a sense of foreboding than the nighttime cold. Audain surprised herself by how readily she agreed with his mutterings. She seemed to have forgotten her gay spirit from two days earlier. The road transitioned. It grew much steeper as it began a more earnest ascent of the mountains. Jerrid marveled at the stonework that went into its construction. Carved into the steep cliff face, it steadily climbed upwards, occasionally traversing through fields of broken rock. Along its southern edge was a sheer drop to the trees below. As the sun warmed the travelers, not only did their mood lighten, thermals of buoyant air arose along the bluff allowing raptors the chance to glide effortlessly above.
“What I’d give to be soaring like that,” Rendel laughed as he looked upward. “That’s the only way to travel in terrain like this.”
“It must have taken a small army of stone Shapers to build this,” Jerrid commented in response. “Their work seems to have held up well over the years. Without it, there would be no way to reach Rhindus, unless we were granted Rendel’s wish.”
Around mid-afternoon, the road turned a corner and abruptly ended. It seemed to have been swallowed up by a wide mist-filled chasm. About a hundred feet above, a small stream of sparkling water dropped from a plateau. As it descended, a heavy spray arose to obscure their sight. Far below, small droplets landed in a scattered field of white stone blocks, some broken, some retaining perfectly shaped edges. Channeled into small rivulets, the water re-gathered at a shallow pool before cascading further down the mountainside.  
Rendel dropped to his knees and stared. A glassy look overtook his eyes and tears soon welled. Audain was the first to notice his distraught state.
“Rendel, what is it?” she asked trying to comfort him. He continued to look blankly into the mist. 
Unaware for the moment of his friend’s distress, Jerrid carefully examined the stone where the road ended. “There once was a bridge here,” he said loudly over the noise of falling water. “Rendel, this must be the place you saw in your vision.” Only then did he look toward his companions and realize that he was being callous.
Rendel sat a while longer. “My memory, it has been coming back slowly, especially since we left Deluge. Each night I have ventured closer to this place with my Opal. Rhindus is just a short distance past this chasm. It was right here that we fought the Sortiri.” As he paused, Audain and Jerrid exchanged concerned glances. 
“I was on the bridge when it collapsed,” Rendel resumed with difficulty. His voice was choked and halting. “I fell with them, landing in the pool below. Were it not for the Opal, I’d have been killed. With it, I controlled my fall and landed unharmed. There were other Shapers too, including my father, in the pool,” he stopped speaking again. The cascade of the water droned on, bringing him energy, causing his eyes to glow with the white of his people. He cleared his throat and stood.
“Unfortunately, I know that at least one creature survived the fall,” he continued. “I yelled to the other Shapers in the pool to watch out, to get away from it. They could not hear me because of the water. My father seemed to have been hurt. He tried to get up but couldn’t. The monster grabbed him, looked him in the eye and tossed him away. It then turned toward me.” Rendel paused again. With obvious effort he resumed. “I turned and jumped into the stream. The water swept me down, into darkness and cold, then… nothing, until I was in Gladeis.”
Audain walked closer and embraced him.  Jerrid, feeling awkward and unsure, turned away. He looked down at the pool and studied the stones that once formed the arched bridge leading into the city, watching the stream course its way around them. In his mind, the resolve to avenge the harm brought by the Sortiri swelled.
“I’m sorry, Rendel,” Jerrid said a few minutes later. “What of your city? What have you seen with your Opal?”
“I’ve not dared to cross the chasm. We’ll have to find another way to get beyond it.”
Jerrid looked across with concern. “I think we could climb over with my Amber. You can help, but the force of that water will be a problem.”
“What about your Sapphire?” Audain asked Jerrid. “Is there a way to use it to stop the water or something?”
“I don’t think so,” he answered, pausing to think. “Rendel, what’s up there?” He pointed toward the top of the waterfall.
Rendel looked up and thought for a while. “That’s where we grew most of the food for the city. If we went up from here we could cross the stream and come down into the city from behind.”
They studied the slope. It was almost sheer for the first thirty feet, though above that there were a number of areas where the rock was cracked or jutted out, offering places to get hand and foot holds.
“I’ll go first,” Jerrid said confidently. “When I get to one of those landings, I can lower a rope. Rendel, if you use your Opal, I should be able to pull you up easily. Together, we can bring up Audain, and then move to the next section.”
Rendel nodded as Jerrid grabbed a coil from Feor’s saddle. Leaning against the cliff, he called up his Amber. The stone was warm, having been in the sun much of the day. With the chisel in his right hand, he began to climb. About ten minutes passed before he reached a secure location and lowered the rope to Rendel.
Audain was waiting with a small pack of food and a few other supplies strapped to her back when they finally were ready to pull her up the first stretch. It took them several more stages to get near the top. When they were poised for the final ascent, a less steep section that could be climbed individually, Jerrid and Audain decided to rest a moment. They watched as Rendel went on alone. When he reached the top ledge, he waved to them before moving from view.
“This is an important moment for him,” Jerrid said. 
“Yes, another of many that is likely to occur as we explore. We better go. I don’t want to leave him alone for too long.” 
They found their friend waiting on a small bridge that spanned the stream a few hundred feet above the waterfall. It had a flat deck, wide enough for a wagon to cross. Rendel sat on a side rail. He was looking at the wide expanse of farmland that stretched out on both sides of the stream. The land had become fallow, overrun by weeds and brush. The next rise in the mountains was about a half mile distant. Partway up those slopes, another area of rising thermals seemed to have formed. Hundreds of raptors gathered there, enjoying the afternoon as they looked for a meal in the fields below.  
“It looks like it has been years since anything was planted here,” Rendel said softly as his friends arrived. “I remember working these fields as a young man.”
They sat with him a while, saying nothing, for what could be said to a man who was slowly learning that his past was not just forgotten, but erased. Audain wanted to give him hope, yet she dreaded as much as he what they seemed likely to find when they finally reached the city. It was Jerrid who first arose and walked to the western end of the bridge.
“I’m sorry, Rendel,” he began, hoping he’d find words of comfort. “We’ve come a long way. There’s no need for you to go further. I can go on alone, then return, decide what to do.”
Rendel looked up from the flowing water, his eyes moist, but clear and bright with Opal. “Thank you for trying to spare me. I must see this to the end, no matter what the cost.” He stood up and walked past. Audain followed, wiping away her tears.
____
Rhindus was bigger than Gladeis but smaller than Garth, Jerrid decided while walking amongst its strangely intact buildings. The gardens may have gone wild, but the fountains ran cold with water from the mountains. 
“We should fill our bottles,” Jerrid said after taking a long drink. It had been a warm afternoon. “This is the freshest water I’ve tasted since we left Gladeis.”
“Never mind that,” Audain whispered. “Keep close to Rendel.” 
Their Opal friend walked ahead. When he turned and entered another building, both Jerrid and Audain rushed to catch up. 
“It’s just like the rest,” Rendel said a moment later as he walked back into the street. “Other than the dust and grime, it looks like some might have been living here just yesterday.”
“I’m sorry,” Audain replied. “It’s like everyone just up and left. That seems good, considering….”
“I guess so,” Rendel answered. “We may as well go. No one is here.” He turned and headed back the way they had come.
Twilight was settling in as they walked along the road that led up to the plateau. The abandoned fields there seemed to have already caught an evening chill. No one spoke about what might have happened to the city though different thoughts whirled through each of their minds. There was barely an hour of daylight remaining when they reached the bridge near the waterfall.
“You know that it will be almost dark when we get to the horses,” Audain said. “Rather than camping on the road, maybe we should stay here.”
“What do you think, Rendel?” Jerrid asked. “I can climb down and get some supplies.”
“Whether we’re up here or someplace else, I need to think about what we’ve learned today,” Rendel answered. “If you want to go back for some food and blankets, I’ll see if I can start a fire.”
They set up near the bridge. Though there were no trees close by, some grew further up in the valley where the stream originated. It did not take Rendel long to collect enough fuel to get a blaze burning. Everyone welcomed the warmth and cheer it brought.
 “I’ve a blanket for each of us,” Audain said proudly when Jerrid returned. They each chose a place around the fire. “All we’ve got is dry food but at least we won’t go hungry.”
Rendel stared into the fire seeming to have not heard her. “It seems odd that everything looked so… normal,” he said absently. 
“I think it’s encouraging,” Audain replied awkwardly. “If something awful had happened, there would be a look of chaos.”
“I agree,” Jerrid added. “There would be a different feeling as well. I called up every bit of power and made every connection I could. I felt emptiness, even sadness, but not sorrow or grief.”
“Thanks,” Rendel replied. “Maybe they were forced up into the mountains?”
“That sounds like a good possibility,” Jerrid answered. “Do you want to go look for them?”
“Somehow I feel I must. Even though I don’t know where to start or what I could do to help them.”
“So where do we go from here?” Audain asked feeling anxious. “I’m sorry, but we’ve been on the road for a long time now. I’d like to get back to Gladeis.”
“Yes, my heart is troubled here too,” Rendel admitted. “But until I know what has become of my people, I have to stay.”
“Of course,” Jerrid replied. “I left Garth because I needed answers too. My father’s obsession with protecting our city is doing nothing for the rest of the Foedan. Gladeis seems to be in denial that the Sortiri even exist. Deluge outright tries to hide their troubles, and now, Rhindus is deserted. It frustrates me that after all this time we still don’t really know what we’re up against. But no matter what, Rendel, I’m here to help you. It’s time that the Foedan started working together.”
“You’re right about Gladeis,” Audain answered. “It shames me to admit it.”
“So where does this leave us?” Rendel asked. 
“I’m not sure,” Jerrid replied.
“There’s something I keep wondering about,” Audain offered a few minutes later. “I’ve been thinking about it more the last few days.”
“What’s that?” Rendel said.
She remained quiet a moment as if struggling on how to begin. “Rendel, you probably remember how worked up I was the last day of planting, just ten days or so ago?” she began. 
“I’ve never seen you like you were that day,” he answered. 
“Well, after the council dismissed me,” she resumed, “I went to South Point to calm my nerves.” She paused and stared into the fire. “There was a full moon that night. As I sat and looked over the valley, I watched as a pall of crimson, almost like a cloud, overtook the moon and gave it this unsettling red hue. The sight filled me with dread yet there was nothing I could do. I still can’t explain what happened next. Far to the south, rising from the Highlands, I noticed this white fog. It drifted up as if trying to feed the white back into the moon. Somehow, it made me feel better.”
“If that was the last full moon,” Jerrid said, “I remember I had trouble sleeping. Sometimes on nights like that I have this dream about my mother, the day the Sortiri took her.”
“I’m sorry,” Audain said. “I hate to bring it up, but after Deluge and now Rhindus, I’m wondering if the color of the moon that night suggests that the Sortiri were planning an attack on Gladeis. That might explain why I felt so alarmed. And it makes me wonder what happened. Do you think Gladeis was somehow saved by the Shrine?”
Jerrid was startled. “I’m not sure which scares me more,” he said. “To think the Sortiri were going to attack, or to think that the Shrine could have the power to stop them.”
“We are starting to see what the Sortiri can do,” Rendel replied. “But everything is still guessing. If the Shrine truly has risen to help, there must be a reason.” 
“I’m going to search for more wood,” Jerrid said abruptly. “It looks like our supply will be gone before long.” 
He got up, put the last small limbs Rendel collected earlier on the fire, and walked away. The night was clear and continued to be cool. While Jerrid looked for more branches, he noticed a gentle breeze picking up but paid little attention to it. A moment later, it died down. 
When he returned to the fire a few minutes later, he noticed something strange. It looked to him as though someone was standing just outside the ring of light. 
“Who’s there?” Jerrid said in a loud voice.
 Audain and Rendel jumped to their feet. They walked cautiously forward. Rendel held his hunting knife in his hand. Audain already had an arrow fitted to her bowstring. 
 “We mean no harm,” Jerrid said looking closer. The person wore a long cloak which shadowed all its features. “We’ve just come to see why there has been no word from Rhindus in so many weeks.”
“Then you are very late,” the cracked voice of an old man answered. “The Foedan have forgotten Rhindus.” The man lifted a hand and pulled back his hood. When the dark material slipped away, the glow of Opal was clearly seen in his eyes.
“I’m sorry we have come so late,” Rendel said, lowering his knife before walking closer. “We are here for other reasons as well.”
“I know your reasons,” the old man answered. “They are the same as mine, the same as any good man. You come looking for answers.” He paused as if studying Rendel. “I may have a few to share. My name is Boreas. Many of our children were lost here.”
“You have the sympathy of Gladeis,” Audain said, “and when your heart will bear it, we ask for your forgiveness.”
“I see the Emerald in you,” Boreas answered as he gazed toward her. He then turned toward Jerrid. “In you, I see Amber, Emerald and perhaps more?” He paused again to consider what this meant and to study Rendel a second time. “Even more strangely I see Opal in you. You must be lost.”
 “Please sit with us.” Rendel said, wondering if this man knew of his fall from the bridge and venture into darkness.
Everyone but Jerrid took a seat around the fire. Though it had burned low again, it still glowed with embers. Jerrid retrieved an armful of branches and placed a few of them on the fire. The light of the rising flames revealed that Boreas was a frail man, heavily wrinkled, his hair and stubby beard, both gray.
“Tell me, Son,” he said as he looked at Rendel, “what do you remember from the day you awoke from your darkness.”
Rendel remained quiet for several minutes, gazing into the flames as if the answer lay there. “I remember the gardens of Gladeis,” he began, “their fragrant bouquet, a sense of restfulness. I think that the Emerald revived me. My mind was still blank though. I only began to remember Rhindus after Jerrid and I climbed the Summit. It was those memories that brought me here.”
Boreas flinched slightly at the mention of the Summit. “I’m sorry, Son,” he replied. “Perhaps it is better that you don’t remember. Things are hard. Once you were a nephew to me, as are all those who bear the Opal. In time, I hope you will be again.”
“I’m sorry, Boreas, I mean, Uncle,” Rendel said choking. “Only today did I remember the fight against the Sortiri on the bridge. I failed. I left my people.”
“No, Son, you did not fail,” Boreas answered. He stood up and took Rendel’s hands into his own. “It was courage that saved us, yours, your father’s and that of a few others. You gave us time. When the monsters returned, we were prepared. We lost much that first night. It was the turning point. The balance was broken. Until it is restored, Rhindus can be no more.”
“What do you mean by balance?” Jerrid asked. “What has happened to Rhindus?”
“Our world is a balance of opposites,” Boreas replied. “Happy and sad, strong and weak, even good and evil must all exist together. Everything we do helps to maintain this balance. Somehow the balance within the Foedan has been lost,” he paused and looked up at the sky. Jerrid noticed the breeze beginning to rise.
“The Opal is subtle and illusive,” Boreas continued. He turned away from the fire and lifted his arms to capture the wind that suddenly rustled his cloak. “At times, it can become overpowering. Rhindus lives on though, at least for now. It is out of the reach of the Sortiri. Yet, we are powerless to restore the balance. Rendel, there is no place for you here. For you to heal, you must be amongst the living, feeling their sorrows, embracing their victories. You need them and they will need you. If time allows you to heal and you are ready to return, you will be welcomed.”
Boreas walked away from the fire and stood next to Jerrid. “You, my friend, must walk a careful line. The earth powers are strong. So too are our enemies, born of arrogance, jealousy, hate and greed. You have enhancements in the four cornerstones. Take my hand and I will show you a glimpse of the Opal. For you to succeed, you will need to call upon it.”
Jerrid grasped Boreas’ outstretched hand. He felt a rush of wind blast beneath him, lifting him and carrying him upward, its noise deafening. Within his mind, he heard Boreas describe the flow of the Opal, showing him its strengths, nuances, and limitations. Never before had a Master Shaper been so direct, revealing the tools of their study. As Jerrid relaxed and allowed his core to meld with the Opal, he saw opportunities for even his other enhancements to blossom. 
The whirlwind Boreas thrust him into dissolved as rapidly as it rose. Jerrid, still in a blind daze, stumbled and almost fell. When he felt strong arms grab his shoulders, he reached out and steadied himself. He opened his eyes to see Audain and Rendel looking at him.
“What happened?” he asked. “Where is Boreas?”
“He took your hand for a minute or two,” Rendel answered. “Next thing, a gust of wind blew a load of sand and dust into our eyes. When we could finally see again, he was gone. You were staggering and about to fall into the fire.” 
“Thanks for catching me,” Jerrid replied, his eyes glowing white. “I don’t think we’ll see him again.”
“So where do you want to go now, Jerrid?” Rendel asked. “There seems to be no reason to stay here.”
“I’d like to get back to Gladeis,” Jerrid answered.  He paused, thinking again about Audain’s story of the last full moon. “First though, there is a place I must see. I understand if you both choose not to accompany me.”
“Where?” Audain asked cautiously.
“Aradith, or whatever is left of it.”






Chapter 13: The Roots of Aradith


Chilled by an unusually cold wind blowing from the north, the three rode along though the Arm, uncomplaining. Only Feor felt the excitement of the new day. He pranced excitedly at the head of the group while Jerrid struggled to get a steady look across the grasslands. 
“What do you think, Rendel?” he asked. “Are those the peaks that surround Aradith?”
“I can’t imagine there being another set of three so close together. My guess is that we’re about six miles from the entrance to the canyon. The city is said to be a couple miles further upland. We should be there in a few hours, especially if Feor keeps us at this pace.”
Jerrid laughed, trying to ignore the pit of anxiety that knotted his stomach. “You know him, always eager to run. I’ll hold him back. Maybe that will help us relax a little.”
Grudgingly, the stallion stopped and waited until the other horses passed.  
“We’ve a long way to go yet,” Audain said. “After Aradith, we’ll be riding through these Plains for a long time.”
Later that morning, they wound their way through the canyon Rendel had mentioned. The route followed an old roadbed. Its once smooth surface was now cracked by neglect. Along one edge of the gorge, a small stream flowed south, heading past them and into the grassland. The closeness of the walls made Jerrid uncomfortable. It reminded him of being hemmed within the narrows below Deluge. 
With a sense of relief, they exited the canyon and entered the bowl shaped area formed where the base of each of the three mountains converged. Squinting into sudden brightness of the late morning sun, Jerrid was surprised by the size of the open expanse ahead. Two miles across at its widest point, the flat rocky ground was covered by thin grass and patches of brush.   
“They must have grown crops here, a long time ago,” Rendel surmised as he led them further into the open.  
Jerrid still brought up the rear. “These mountains really bear down on you. I feel like they are watching our every step.”
“It’s like we are in a giant room with walls so high they never seem to end,” Audain whispered. “It’s beautiful, but it makes me feel small and out of place.”
A short time later, they reached the top of the grade. The ground leveled off there, exposing the darkened ruins of numerous buildings. Jerrid prodded Feor past the other horses. Guessing that the main palace would have been near the center of the city, he headed that way. The other riders followed. When they reached an area containing a greater concentration of rubble, Jerrid slipped off Feor’s back. 
“I see some small pieces of marble, that’s about it,” he said while looking closely at the ground ahead.
As Rendel and Audain turned away, to explore other areas, an odd reflection of light from atop a nearby mound caught Jerrid’s attention. He decided to head toward it. When he reached the top of the heap he stumbled and nearly fell when an unstable area gave way. When he regained his footing he noticed that a hole had opened up in the debris. He poked at it with his foot and another section of broken rock collapsed. When the dust cleared, he realized that he was looking down into a narrow gap formed between the remnants of two old walls. 
The opening was only about three feet wide. In the bright sunlight, he could not see to its bottom so he dropped another brick into it. The thud he heard confirmed that the pit was not overly deep.
“There’s an opening here!” he yelled over to Audain. She was picking through another mound about one hundred feet away. Rendel had moved on and was nowhere in sight. “I’m going to slip down and see if there’s anything interesting at the bottom.” 
“Be careful, there’s no telling what you could find in a place like this.”
Jerrid sat down. At first he dangled his feet into the pit, and then started to slide down. The walls were about three feet apart. By wedging his back and legs between them, he managed to lower himself slowly. At a depth of about a dozen feet, he realized that he could stand on the loose rubble piled below. 
The walls were made from heavy brick, tightly interlocked without mortar. To study them better, he picked up some pieces of debris and tossed them out of his way.
“Hey, watch it!” he heard someone yell. “You almost hit me with that.” 
“Sorry, Audain” Jerrid replied. He looked up and saw her silhouetted against the blue sky at the far end of the eight feet long cavity. “I didn’t realize you were up there. I think there’s an arch in this wall. I’ve got it opened up a little. It could be a passage of some sort.”
Audain was lying on her belly, hanging her head down as far into the opening as she could. “It’s hard to see that far. All I see is a bunch of bricks in your way. Even if it is an archway, it’ll take you days to uncover it. We don’t have time for that. There is something wrong with this place. I don’t want to be here that long.”
“We traveled out of our way to get here,” Jerrid replied. “It’s worth taking some time to see if we can learn anything.” He tried not to allow his voice to betray a slight feeling of frustration. 
“Learn what?” Audain pressed. “There’s nothing here but broken bricks.”
Jerrid tried to ignore her uncharacteristic impatience but realized that she had a point. A physical search was not only going to take a long time, it was likely to miss anything of importance.
“Audain, I think you’re on to something,” he called.
“What are you talking about?” she replied.
“There is nothing to see on the surface. But we have senses that allow us to see in other ways. Go find a place to relax, let your Emerald loose. Maybe you’ll notice something. I’ll do the same from here. Our earth powers should uncover a lot more than our hands will.” 
Grudgingly, she pulled herself up and walked back to a grassy ledge she spotted earlier. Settling into its softness, she began to relax, feeling everything she could with her Emerald. At first, she noted the sense of comfort such contact always brought. As she delved beneath the grass, she pictured the city as it was two hundred years earlier when a mixed race of Foedan lived there. Gladness lightened her mood as she pictured them. Refreshed but no closer to unraveling the mysteries of the ruins, she returned to herself and lay there watching as clouds drifted past.  
Jerrid, meanwhile, was testing his own enhancements. Though the hole where he lay was not particularly comfortable, he endured, for he wanted to be in contact with an undamaged remnant of the former city. He rested one hand against the far wall and the other upon the rounded archway, and then willed his Amber to blend into the surroundings. Gradually the vision of an opened doorway took shape in his mind. Behind it, a cobblestone road lead through a green courtyard to a tower made of white stone.
Traveling up the tower with his gaze, Jerrid noticed a gleam of piercing golden light. It seared at his vision. Forced to withdraw, he opened his eyes and found himself looking downward at the archway where he had been digging earlier. As if responding to the probe of his Amber, a faint light glowed from gaps amid the loose rubble. With his Shaping tools in hand, he worked to remove as much material as he could. The bead of gold on the haft of his chisel began to glow in a way that he had never seen before.  
With his adrenaline surging, Jerrid reached out and grasped pieces of the broken marble and pulled them away. Gradually, he created a narrow tunnel. The points of light below seemed to withdraw reclusively, urging him to deepen the shaft. Slowly he snaked his body downward. When he could no longer freely move his shoulders, he forced one remaining section of brick forward. A clattering noise told him that he had pushed through into another cavity. He crawled through the opening. His pulse raced as he realized he was in a chamber of some sort. He was just about to stand up when he heard Audain calling again from above.
“I’m down here,” he yelled back up the tunnel. “Give me a minute.”
He was just starting to look around when he heard a scuffling noise. He looked in surprise when Audain poked her head from the tunnel.
“What do you think this place is?” she asked. “Does it go any farther?”
“I’m not sure yet. I can’t see much detail in the dark. But my Amber has me intrigued.”
“Don’t go far. I’m going to get Rendel and then come back down. I won’t be long.”
Trying to stay relaxed, Jerrid focused harder on his Foedan senses. The chamber was about eight feet across and equally high. Its walls seemed to be made of polished brick. As he pushed his senses outward, he realized it was a passage. This probably was one of the main routes into the palace, he thought. Beneath his feet, the cobblestone floor was littered with several inches of loose brick and sand.
Forgotten briefly in his excitement, Jerrid recalled the faint light he had seen earlier. Dropping to his knees, he began to feel around on the floor. Finding nothing of interest, he was about to check on Audain when he placed his hand on a round object about the size of a small melon. He lifted it. On the floor beneath, several points of light sparkled.
Jerrid stooped closer. Carefully using his chisel, he scraped up several small chips of a wafer thin substance that looked like gold. Immediately he thought of the vision he saw while at the Summit.
“Could this be the same dust the King’s daughters found here?” he asked himself. He flicked the small flakes onto his hand and studied the beauty of the light they emitted. As they were warmed by his body heat, the glow began to increase, slowly at first, but it soon reached a whitish intensity. 
Jerrid cringed as a burning pain grew in his palm. Instinctively, he called up his Amber, concentrating its force to protect him. He tried to brush the flakes but they seemed to have dissolved into his calloused skin. Within a few minutes, the pain subsided, though his eyes sparkled wildly and his senses reeled. Fighting against the surge of energy, he struggled to regain control. He did not notice Audain when she emerged from the tunnel with a torch in her hand. 
“What happened?” she shouted, seeing the wild look in his eyes. When he did not respond, she grabbed his arms to shake him. He turned his head toward her. The thin smile of recognition on his face hardly eased her alarm. 
“I’m okay,” Jerrid stammered. “I feel this surge of earth power. It’s unlike anything I’ve felt before. Rendel is waiting, the horses too.” He pointed upward before looking down the passage. “There’s a pile of debris blocking off the route not far ahead. Beyond it, the hallway is open. It seems to intersect with a wider corridor. On one side I see an opening where daylight streams in. The other connection descends. It seems to twist and turn as it delves beneath the palace.” 
Jerrid stopped a moment and shuddered. Audain felt a sudden sense of unease, a feeling of dread she likened to that which she felt nearly a month earlier, on the last day of spring planting.
“Something is not right,” she said in alarm, “let’s get out of here.”
With a conscious effort, Jerrid turned from the corridor and looked toward her. His eyes were so bright and flitting that she looked away.  
“You’re right,” he answered before looking around the passage one more time. He noticed a few specs of light still glowed from the floor by his feet. Taking the chisel, he knelt down and began using its blade to scoop up small amounts of sand and put it into his coin pouch.  
“What is that?” Audain said as she watched.
“I’m not sure. In the vision I had on the Summit, the King’s daughters seemed to collect something like this. I think I have most of it.”
“There’s still a little left,” she added. “It looks too fine to scoop up like that.”
“I’ve got an idea.” Jerrid flipped the chisel upside down. Using the golden bead on the end of its haft, he slowly moved the tool back and forth through the sand. The bead acted almost like a magnet, gathering up the sparkling dust.  
“That’s good enough, Jerrid. We should go,” Audain said. She was growing more anxious. “There’s something oppressive about this chamber. Come on, let’s get out of here.” 
He continued working, meticulously sifting through the sand. 
“Hurry up, I mean it!” Audain shouted. “I’m heading back up.” She vanished into the small tunnel. Hearing her call for him again a few seconds later, he shoved the chisel beneath his belt and followed. In a moment, they stood with Rendel, squinting against the blinding light of the sun. Audain was still distressed, feeling a pit of dread growing in her stomach. 
 “I feel better,” Jerrid said, trying to ignore her. “I sensed something, a darkness maybe, but it’s passing now, driven away by the sunlight. That tunnel where we just were, I think there’s another opening.” 
“I don’t think it’s around here,” Rendel said while motioning with his arm. “I’ve been all over.”
“Come on, Jerrid,” Audain pleaded. “There’s nothing here. Let’s get going.”
“I just want to take one more look,” he answered stubbornly and began walking to the northwest, heading toward another large pile about two hundred yards away. 
Though Rendel followed, Audain felt they were making a mistake. Grudgingly, she brought up the rear. She checked her bow and quiver just to be sure she could get to them quickly, and glanced at the horses. They remained where they were, eating grass from the overgrown gardens. 
A half hour passed before the search ended. Outside the ruins, hidden by a crevasse within an outcrop of red sandstone, was the opening to a cave. The exposed bedrock appeared to be part of the foundation upon which Aradith was originally constructed. The passage seemed to widen as it disappeared into darkness.   
“Yes, this is what I saw,” Jerrid said to his friends. “I didn’t realize it was so far away though. It must run back beneath the city.”
“It almost looks like it has been used recently,” Audain replied suspiciously. “I don’t like it. We’ve learned enough. If we left now, we could be well away from here by dark.”
“I’m going to check it out,” Jerrid replied. He prepared another torch using a dirty shirt that he wrapped around a stick. “You two can stay here. I shouldn’t be long.”
“I’ll come with you,” Rendel replied. “I didn’t get to see the other chamber.”
“No way, I’m not staying here alone,” Audain said adamantly. “If you two go, I’m going too.”
Jerrid nodded and started toward the cave with Rendel right behind. Silencing the alarm in her mind, Audain forced herself to follow. The passage ran straight for some distance. Jerrid’s eyes adjusted quickly. Ever since the gold flakes had burned into his hand, his enhancements had been intensified. He carried the unlit torch for his friends, hoping to wait as long as possible before lighting it.  
“Grab the back of my belt and I’ll lead until it gets harder to walk,” he said. “The floor is pretty straight and even.” 
“No, Jerrid,” Audain hissed again. “This is crazy. We need to leave here now.”
“Concentrate on your enhancements,” Jerrid replied. “Use them as a point to focus and expand.”
He began to creep down the passage. It descended fairly sharply. Audain and Rendel bumped along, using him to slow their descent and prevent stumbling. They continued in this manner for several hundred yards. The rough walls of the cave made several turns as they progressed. Sensing through the stone, Jerrid realized that they were nearing the outer ruins of the palace. After passing another turn in the long cave, he stopped. There was a red light burning ahead. 
Jerrid looked back at his companions. He was relieved to see Rendel’s eyes gleaming with white, while Audain’s carried a steady green. “We’ve got to be really careful,” he whispered. “Audain, maybe you should go back. I just want to see where that light is coming from. Then I’ll follow you out.”
“I’m coming too.” She motioned him to continue. 
Moving slowly, they crept along. The light appeared to be a reflection off another sharp bend in the cave wall. Jerrid sensed that a large cavern opened up beyond it. He peeked cautiously ahead. The cavern was about fifty feet wide and it had a high ceiling. A large pile of broken sandstone lay just within. It blocked much of their view. The path of the cave seemed to continue along to the right side of the chamber, progressing at a slight slope downward.
They took shelter behind the pile of rocks. Jerrid waited a moment to gather his nerve, and then pressed his hands against the sandstone. Immediately, his instincts reeled with alarm. With great will he overcame his reflex to withdraw. Instead, he advanced his mind until he felt the warmth of a small fire. It burned within a forge about a hundred feet away. With his senses whirling and barely under his control, he searched around the chamber until he touched the source of the shadow he felt. 
While Jerrid paused to stabilize his confused senses, he did not notice Audain climbing up the rocks. She wanted to get a look of her own. She saw the fire and noticed a pile of red ore nearby. Straining to see more closely, she noticed a metallic object resting on the ground in front of the forge. It seemed to be a large helm, possibly made from iron. A moment later a man walked into the light. He was overly tall, Audain thought, and his barrel-shaped torso looked inhuman. Involuntarily, she gasped.
The figure below turned and began to look about the chamber. Its eyes glowed with a deep red though the rest of its face was obscured by the dim light. The eyes seemed to focus on the rocks where the three Foedan were concealed. A moment later, the man began to walk toward them.
Audain panicked as she realized that they had been discovered. She forced herself to relax, grabbed her bow and pulled an arrow from her quiver. Rising to her knees, she fitted the nock to the string and engaged the familiar wood. Carefully, she drew the arrow back. The wood creaked under the force.
Abruptly, the creature looked directly at her. It engaged her green eyes with its own glowing coals of red. Her senses heightened by Emerald, Audain clearly saw a disfigured face that may have at one time belonged to a young man. Startled, she let her arrow fly. Though she had been aiming for the chest, a nervous release caused her to pull the shot. The arrow pierced the black skin that covered the creature’s shoulder. A second later, the scream of anger echoed throughout the chamber. 
Audain turned and stumbled back up the main path, a look of terror on her face. Jerrid reached to restrain her but she slipped past. The creature, seeing her now at the upper end of the cavern, quickly moved forward. She realized that she could not outrun it and stopped to notch another arrow. Meanwhile, Jerrid, still hidden behind the rocks, crept closer to the path and prepared to ambush the charging Sortiri. 
In only a few seconds the creature reached Jerrid’s position. With a short sword in his right hand, he lurched out at the beast. His eyes glittered wildly.
The Sortiri carried a heavy iron bar. When it saw Jerrid, it swung the bar with both arms. The young man ducked beneath the onrush and the iron struck heavily into the stone wall. As the creature’s momentum carried it forward, Jerrid lunged in with his drawn sword. Slightly off balance and still moving, the Sortiri was unable to block the thrust. The blade buried itself deep into the black chest. The oncoming mass of his opponent knocked Jerrid to the ground. 
Oblivious to wounds from arrow and sword, the Sortiri drove toward Audain. The light in its eyes was now brighter. Suddenly, it staggered into the wall. An arrow now protruded from its left eye.  Screeching out in pain, it lurched forward again. Its right arm managed to grasp Audain. 
In a blur, Jerrid rose to his feet and ran toward her. The monster reached for her head and forced her face toward its own. Audain’s eyes were clenched shut yet still she felt a force, sharp and cruel as a knife, thrust into her mind.
Jerrid scrambled onto the back of the Sortiri. He locked his left arm around its neck. His arms, strengthened by years of Shaping stone, crushed hard against the exposed throat. The creature stumbled and released Audain. Her limp body slipped to the floor. With his sword still in the creature’s chest, Jerrid drew his Shaper’s chisel with his right hand. The bead of gold in its handle glowed brightly as he poised the blade to strike. The Sortiri, struggling against the grip around its neck, suddenly threw itself backwards into the solid wall of the cave. The weight of the impact caused Jerrid’s grasp to fail. When he slipped to the floor trying to catch his breath, the creature spun and seized him. Sensing the danger, Jerrid used his rage to will his Amber to its fullest power. His eyes glowed with an intense golden yellow as he met the full gaze of the Sortiri’s single eye. The chisel in his right hand displayed a bright cast, also ready to meet the challenge. 
The young stone cutter concentrated to fight off a growing sense of panic. With his hand clenched tightly around the hilt of the chisel, he thrust it, aiming for the remaining crimson eye. Just in time, the Sortiri turned its head. Jerrid’s blade missed its target and embedded itself into a heavy cheekbone. Struggling and nearly face to face with the creature, Jerrid felt the energy of a strangely familiar enhancement probing into his consciousness. As he shuddered against the onslaught, he remembered a time years earlier when he connected briefly with one of the Sortiri as it retreated from Garth. Jerrid realized that this was the same creature. What he felt was similar to the normal Foedan powers, but mutated as if by an unknown virus. Instinctively he rotated the fields of his Amber in defense. Concentrating all his energy, he smashed against the mutation, causing the creature to withdraw. Sensing an opportunity, he lashed out a second time, driving Amber into the mind of the Sortiri while simultaneously drawing force from the gold bead glowing within the chisel he still grasped.  
Rendel watched in shock. As the struggle ended, both Jerrid and the Sortiri fell to the ground. Summoning strength from his Opal, Rendel ran to Audain. Her body felt light as he lifted her onto his shoulder and stooped to grab her bow. Carrying her, he went to Jerrid’s side.
“Let’s go, Jerrid,” he said. He grabbed the stone Shaper’s wrist in his free hand and began to pull him up the path. “Come on. You can’t leave me. We have to get out of here. I can’t carry you and Audain both.” 
Rendel took a few more steps, dragging Jerrid along. His heart leapt when his friend pulled back against his grasp. 
“I’m okay, but I can’t see,” Jerrid said groggily and stumbled to his feet. “Remember you said you were my guide when we left Gladeis? Use your Opal now to lead us out of here. Draw upon the power Boreas told you about.”
Rendel nodded and began heading up the path. Jerrid followed, keeping one hand on the left shoulder of his guide. With the Opal helping to give Rendel strength, they moved quickly. Knowing that they would need the horses, Jerrid let out a sharp whistle. As if in reply, they heard an ominous call, the sound echoing from the cavern below. Ignoring the noise, they pressed on. 
Jerrid’s senses began to recover. They passed another bend and he saw the brightness of daylight at the end of the final stretch of the tunnel. His pulse quickened. Relieved not to have heard any pursuit, he still remained anxious to get out into the sunlight. He knew Rendel was especially exhausted after carrying Audain all the way from the depths.
With only a hundred feet to go, Rendel slowed abruptly. His thighs ached with pain. Audain was still draped over his shoulder though Jerrid now carried her bow and quiver. The irregular shape of the exit was becoming more pronounced. Suddenly, as if emerging directly from the sandstone itself, a dark figure appeared before them.  
“Something is there, Jerrid,” Rendel said. “I think it’s another Sortiri.” 
Sure enough, a large creature stood directly in their path. It blocked their escape though they were just thirty feet from the end of the cave. 
The sight before them made both men shudder. Jerrid had recovered some of his strength but he knew he was not prepared to take on another one of these creatures so soon. Slowly, he drew the chisel from his belt, knowing that the comfort of power he felt in its hilt was not enough for this challenge. Seeing no other option, he drew upon his enhancements and pushed ahead of Rendel, meeting the glare of red with eyes of Amber. 
Jerrid continued to move toward the daylight that beckoned beyond the dark shadow blocking the tunnel. He knew that reaching it was their only hope of escape. The Sortiri stood its ground for the same reason. As Jerrid approached the still figure, a sudden realization struck him to the core. The aged and blackened face before him was one he recognized. Though obscured by shadow in the vision he saw at the Shrine, Jerrid had no doubt. The evil that confronted him was none other than Toldor, the treacherous son of King Arthis.
“Toldor,” he stammered, thinking he spoke to himself though somehow the name leaked out. “How can that be?” 
Rendel noticed his friend’s hesitation, sensed his doubt. Who could blame you, he thought. His Opal rose up again to add to the adrenalin coursing through his veins. “I’m here,” he whispered and put his hand on Jerrid’s shoulder. 
“No one has called me that in years uncounted,” a voice as dry as death replied. “You should not be here,” it continued more forcefully. “Now, I will make sure you never leave.”
The evil responsible for destroying Arthis two hundred years earlier took a step forward. At that moment, another large shape appeared at the very entrance to the cave beyond Toldor. Blocking out most of the daylight, it advanced quickly and was soon close behind the Sortiri. Confused by an unexplained presence, Toldor turned to look over his shoulder. As he did so, the massive shape rose up and lashed out at the Sortiri leader, striking him squarely upon the chest and shoulders and knocking him to the ground at the side of the cave. It was Feor, his hooves struck with nearly fifteen hundred pounds of mass. 
Poised and waiting with his Opal at the ready, Rendel lurched forward as if propelled by an unseen gale. He pushed Jerrid before him and pulled Audain behind. Feor turned and unleashed a kick with both his rear legs. The force knocked Toldor against the sandstone wall. As he tried to recover, the three Foedan shot past. Rendel tossed Audain onto Feor’s back and helped Jerrid climb up behind her. The powerful animal wasted no time. Gaining speed in just a few strides, Feor carried them out. He did not slow until they reached level ground a few hundred yards from the cave’s entrance.  
“Jerrid,” Rendel said excitedly as he slipped off Feor. “Did I hear you right? Was that monster King Arthis’s son?”
“Yes, but there’s no time now,” Jerrid answered heavily. “We need to see if she’s alright.” 
She seemed to be wakening slightly but was still unable to sit up without support. 
“No, not here,” Rendel answered. He jumped onto Tara and grabbed Arum’s reins. “There’s no time. You must hold her. Who knows what’s behind us? Follow me.”








THE END

Thank you for reading.  
The story concludes with The Shrine of Arthis Book Two: The Power from Forgiveness.
If you would like to share, review or discuss this book and to learn more about the author, please visit http://TheShrineOfArthis.com 
