The Guest (Book 1)
By Yufeng Zhuang
Copyright 2012 By Yufeng zhuang
Smashwords Edition
                         
                                     
Chapter 1   
The parade on the Bell Tower Street

If looking down at the East Forest from the space, this was a beautiful planet. The blue sea water and the infinite green field on the surface of the planet, and those pale horrible mine holes, were shined by the starlight particles from the high sky, they would reveal a stream of inexplicable hazy aesthetic feeling, it's like a put away many years oil painting, covered with the history dust.
But to the residents and the orphans of the East Forest Region, there were just only the stones on this planet. Besides the stones, there was nothing else. Even those green fields, in their became gradually persistent into numbness eyes, those were just the green grass covering on the history of wealth and glory, their eyes only used to see through these turfs, look at those most deserted mine for the East Forest people.
From the administrative planning to say, the East Forest was just a level two administrative region, it's the same administrative hierarchy as those three dazzling planets on the Capital Planet Circle or the West Forest Region. But in the hearts of the federal people, the distant East Forest, in fact was an already forgotten corner. Besides they still could see the East Forest name on the six hundredth year celebration of the federal government established, many times, for those who lived in the rich civilization people, the East Forest had already not existed.
The East Forest Region had only one planet, the East Forest planet, it seemed to be nonsense, but actually this was not the nonsense at all, because the origin name of the East Forest Region was from the East Forest planet, therefore, in the very distant past, this suspension planet alone outside the farthest of the triangle galaxies, concerned to the whole human society, had how important significance.
Yet since the various types of ore mining were finished in the East Forest Region, the East Forest planet had become a desert planet gradually, here just had the stones, no ores, only the stones.
............
............
The people having ability to leave the East Forest, had already left here. With the professional skills and the stored wealth, through the assurance of the relatives in the Capital Planet Circle or the West Forest Region, they got the proof of the census register transfer successfully, got on the fewer and fewer flights because of the energy shortage, and left this lesser and lesser vitality place.
But the can obtained the proof of census register transfer people were the minority after all, the half-abandoned planet, still needed to maintain the lives of many people. In a material civilization was relatively developed society, the food and the clothing were no longer the problem the human needed to worry about, the people on the East Forest planet were still having the secure life, the social security assistance was still playing a very important role, the currency remained flowing steadily, in this world still had the companies, the airport, the food processing factories, the mecha(*robot) maintenance station, the computer connection center, and even an army base.
The should have, the could have, the East Forest Region had them all. But it still couldn't hide the touch of the old smell, the taste of death oozed out from every street, every building, and the face of every doing nothing, holding the coffee cup and looking at the TV people.
The thousands years ore mining, to provide the continuous support for the federal society, it's just like a river conveying nutrient for the plain, but however, when the river was getting dry gradually, and became a small little creek full of bad smell, the regurgitation-feeding support from the federal society was somewhat not enough obviously-- because what humans need never just only could live, and then they would feel the happiness.
The people of the East Forest in the thousands of years’ history had already cultivated the strong and diligent spirit, in the continuous mine disasters in the ancient times, they didn't have the slightest back-down. But all of these in front of their eyes, still let them feel the rich flavor of the sadness and helplessness. No ore could be dug, nothing could be done, from a certain angle to say, this even didn't have mine disaster life, was absolutely not the life what the East Forest people wanted.
The could bear hardships and stand hard work East Forest people, had the name of East Forest stone in the federal society. But the today's East Forest people, had become the increasingly more silent and colder stones, they have already formed themselves into statues, stayed in their used to round-backed armchairs and the family sofas, they seemed to never will move once again.
............
............ 
"The ignorant people's life, having the soap opera is good enough." the deputy director general Paul Long of the second police station of the West River state had a calm face, walked in the cool wind on the Bell Tower street, looked at those having numb expression and drinking in the pub residents, he thought like this in his mind.
The deputy director Paul Long was one of the stone of the East Forest as well, his face was like the stone unsmiling, for those haunting in the dark of the Bell Tower Street gang forces, that had the infinite shocking power. When he looked over the Bell Tower Street, those selling wild buffalo meat on the black market marketers, would flee at the mere sight of his oncoming with the speed of the battleship. With the charm of his all black uniforms and the seven subordinates behind his back, it's quite power and prestige.
However, Paul Long suddenly thought of that there were still three reporters around him today, he had the "Ge Deng" sound on his mind, fastened his collar buttons subconsciously, turned his back around with a steady rhythm, faced at that holding microphone female reporter, and piled out the uglier than the cry smiling face, it's like a stone just broke out its old skin suddenly.
"The public security has always been good for the Bell Tower Street..." Paul Long didn't want to leave the frivolous feeling to the female reporter, so he just spoke as quiet as he could. This was the task issued by the governor's office of the West River state, the deputy director Paul didn't dare to cold-shoulder it.
Felt the inadaptation of their director, those several subordinates of the police public relation division picked up the words naturally; they began to talk to the reporters. Paul Long had a sigh in his mind and shook his head.
He had been working in the East Forest Region for thirteen years, there were still seven more years to the fixed years of the federal government aiding East Forest regulations, but he couldn't stand to this full of dead taste place for another seven years any more, surely it didn't mean that he would be like those unemployed miners, spending the time by watching the TV every day too?
Yet the federal regulations were very strict, although the promotion in the East Forest was exceptionally quick, but you might meet the certain fixed years, and then you could go back to the Capital Planet Circle or the West Forest Region. Although Paul Long also knows some of the periphery members of the big families, but let those act carefully family members to make the moves for him this little deputy director, there was really no this possibility. 
So he had to concentrate his efforts on the work performance, the deputy director Paul Long brought the reporters to the Bell Tower Street today, he also had the consideration on this aspect.
............
............
The disconsolate face of the deputy director Paul didn't keep very long, and then was full of the shocked look!
So that he even didn't hear the curious question of that female reporter, his that pair of wanting to kill people eyes looked over the female reporter's shoulders, and fell on the exits of the four by-paths of the Bell Tower Street.
The reporters also noticed that the deputy director Paul forgot himself, because the face of the deputy director Paul was too ugly and had metal gray color on, it's like the stone covered by the moss for decades in the river, it might incarnate into some kind of terrible monster at any time.
The reporters followed Paul Long's eyes to look over, suddenly they also sent out the surprised breath sound, especially that female reporter, she even covered her mouth and forgot herself to shout out a light voice.
The cool wind swayed on the flat and quiet Bell Tower Street, in this moment, countless fine footsteps sounded up, these footsteps were not in order and also not like the drum sounds, but they were too dense, so nobody knew there were how many people appeared in a moment. 
The next minute, the masters of these footsteps appeared on the Bell Tower Street, a lot of people flowed out at the same time from the four entrances to the street. They occupied most of the place of the sidewalks and the street, the momentum was quite amazing, not only the walking on the street people and the several polices changed the complexion, even those indulged in coffee and alcohol East Forest residents, they were also surprised to look at the outside of the window.
More accurately to say, the poured out from the four entrances people were a group of youngsters, the oldest of these youngsters had the just about fifteen or sixteen years appearances, even some of youngsters had the dirt on their faces, they were also unknown up to ten years old yet or not. 
These youngsters were wearing all kinds of clothes, but they had one very special unified thing and made people feared particularly, because they were all in black, the black jackets, the black T-shirts, and the black shirts. A boy looked like that he really couldn't find the black clothes in his home, he actually found a not-known how many years not-washed and was full of black mine dust green work clothes to put on!
More than one hundred not-known background youngsters, wearing the black clothes, looked like funny but still gave people infinitely oppressive feeling youngster, walked to the middle of the Bell Tower Street just like this, they walked to the front of the deputy director Paul and those several reporters.
The deputy director Paul had a step forward subconsciously; he stared fiercely at the one who was at the most front of the youngsters, because he knew the other party. 
The female reporter backed a few steps subconsciously, she peeked at those youngsters' faces gingerly, she didn't know what on earth these dressed in black clothes youngsters come to here for, and whether her own personal safety could be guaranteed.
"It's just the daytime, not go to the school, what are you doing to come to here for?" the deputy director Paul had a shout very strictly. Normally when he had a roar, the gang leaders of the Bell Tower Street would run away immediately. But who knew today that these youngsters revealed the contempt look at the same time unexpectedly, all the people ignored him. 
The leader of the youngsters obviously had the mature that didn't match with his age, he opened his that pair of big eyes and not shrank back to look at Paul Long, he said, "we have the right for petition!"
"Petition?" heard the word, the hiding behind the deputy director Paul female reporter braced up immediately, she showed out her that extremely fine makeup face and asked in the shivering voice, "what's the purpose?"
The leading youngster didn't answer to the reporter's question right away, instead he raised his right fist, and then people saw that there were seven or eight banners stretched up inside the group of the dressed in black youngsters immediately, there were big writing words in paint on them, it's very eye-catching.
"Resolutely against the regional protectionism!"
"Resolutely against the television signal control!"
"We want to watch the federal channel 23!" 
"We want to watch Jane Sue!"
The smallest that boy wiped the dirt off from his face, at the top of his throat, shouted a few slogans in extreme grief and indignation. But his voice was too fresh characteristic and his face was too young, so he just gave the lovely and funny feeling instead.
............
............
The female reporter thought that she had already caught the excellent news footage, but however, after she saw the appeals on those slogans, she had the silly eyes immediately; she looked at the deputy director Paul in a loss and asked, "This... This... What kind of people are these children?"
The deputy director Paul was in the critical state of getting angry at this moment, he held back his eyes from those ridiculous signs, bit his teeth and cursed fiercely, "a group of bastard orphans!"
............
............


Chapter 2
Behind the one hundred youngsters

............
............
Some place having the people lived in did not mean that it had the society, but it might be the habitation, that was the city. The biggest city of the East Forest Region was the capital of the West River state. In this city, besides those often visible drunk people, the most people were the businessmen doing the black market trades, and the dark characters in the shadow to watch the police alertly... The orphans.
The East Forest once was the wealthiest and most developed ore planet of the federal society. No matter in what civilization, the mining workers would take on more risks. Although the invention of the crystal mineral automatic entry-driving machine and the computer no-difference-leakage-cover control guaranteed the safety of mining to a great extent, but however, the complex ore veins changed in the internal of the planet, and those no way to predict through the calculation geological changes, still in these tens of thousands years, cost the lives of many miners, the children of these miners became the black sheep lingering over the city streets in the East Forest Region.
Without father or mother, the different life made these orphans to have different kind of mentality, the federal government fully burdened their living and learning costs, but no way to prevent these children playing truant every day. Not up to the legal drinking age, under the surveillance of the chip in the body, they couldn't drink to live the day through as the miner uncles, they couldn't engage in the black market trades neither. Although the government had the rationing food, but however living the life like the little pigs without the bright future, that couldn't completely consume the exuberant hormone in their bodies, so the violence, the imitating cool and competing for the territory, it all came subsequently...
The bastard orphans that the deputy director Paul said out in the gloomy tone referred to this group of people, this was a group of people who could let the governor's office and the police system very headache.
Although before they could evolve into gangs successfully, these young orphans still had many ways to go, the simple imitation also won't let them to have too much lethality, but orphan this sensitive identity, it really made people to have some difficulties. Especially after the minerals were exhausted gradually in the East Forest, this group of orphans basically were all formed because of the last mining disaster ten years ago, and the influence of that mining disaster brought to the East Forest Region...
............
............
"We want to watch Jane Sue!"
"Jane Sue!"
The sirens kept sounding, the responsible for the public security of the Bell Tower Street second police station of the West River state, after they received their deputy director's angry command, came to support with the fastest speed, they isolated the more than one hundred orphans on the center of the street.
But facing the holding shields and batons police in front, the dressed in black clothes youngsters of the Bell Tower Street didn't have any fear, the clamor was still going on, but those slogans written on the broken tarps were held up askew, perhaps these children felt tired?
The funniest thing was that youngest orphan seemed to shout the slogans tired too, he just kept repeating Jane Sue Jane Sue these two words, it seems that these two words had some sort of magic power, but he was kind of faint and weak...
"Shout it some seriously for me!" the leader of the orphans got nasty, he stared his that pair of clear eyes, clenched the ear of the little guy. When the police surrounded the Bell Tower Street, he then just felt a little fear, but... Since Sheilor had already said, today there were reporters there, that guy named Paul wouldn't dare to do anything, and then he might not dare to do anything? When had Sheilor's judgments been wrong? Once he thought of that name, the leader of the orphans straightened his waist a bit and had his spirit stronger a bit, the expression on his face was getting some more grief and indignation; he shouted loudly at the camera behind the police blockade, "we want to watch the channel 23!"
One hundred petition youngsters got the grief and indignation at the same time, they protested against the federal government on the street, all this just was for watching TV, this was... What kind of ridiculous scene.
............
............
However, Paul Long didn't think that this was a farce; he also didn't think that this was what a ridiculous thing. Because after he heard the channel 23 and Jane Sue this name, he had already known that this group of wild kids was playing for real today.
When the governor's office had no way to withstand the cry and secret threat of the several directors of the West River television station, Paul Long knew that this day would come for sure. In fact, after the order of the governor’s office came to the police station, through the telecom safety regulations, found out an excuse to stop the receiving signal of the federal channel 23 in the whole West River state, the governor’s office and the police station related departments had already received more than one thousand protest letters.     
The contents and the requirements of these protest letters were the same as what these orphans asked for today, they all wanted to watch the channel 23, they all wanted to watch that TV show which had been broadcasting for two months in the Capital Planet Circle, the most important thing was, that they all wanted to watch Jane Sue...  
Paul Long had watched that TV show which named All Metal Torrent, he also knew how flapping the heart that as the colonel commander of the warship Jane Sue was. That delicate as picture cute little face, that sometimes disorderly and sometimes submissive light purple hair, that petite body in the standard gallant uniform, those when blinking eyes and siding head young expressions, were much like his own daughter, just only some more lovely than his own daughter...
Suddenly a chill shiver, Paul Long woke up from the absent-minded, he then noticed that the female reporter kept talking something to the camera by his side, the camera lens passed her shoulders and focused on those extremely righteous and angry orphans, the female reporter had the schadenfreude smile on the corners of her eyes.
The relationship between the news department and the production center had already been bad to this point? Paul Long had a depressed sigh in his mind, those chief executives of the West River TV station, in order to protect the ratings of their own television station, didn't hesitate to take such a huge price, to use this absurd reason, to stop the broadcast of the federal channel 23 temporarily, who thought of in the same television station, but under the management of the regional committee news department, would always want to stab them a sword from the back.
If you were not the East Forest people, you would not know what the TV meant for them, you would not know the federal channel 23 meant for them. As the previous sentence Paul Long commented viciously, the ignorant people's life, having the soap opera was good enough. The gradually died of cold and cheerlessness East Forest citizens, they had already been used to their own dull life, but that didn't stop them pursuing the good and fantasying the nice freedom from the television. And this kind of freedom for them, was the oil salt pepper vinegar and sauce, can't be missed.
Jane Sue... The always cold deputy director Paul suddenly had a warm smile on the corners of his mouth; even the orphans he disliked on the middle of the street also were not so abhorrent. But only in a flash, his smile was freeze-up.
These damned orphans today let his face damaged greatly, if this scene of today was really on the news, the contradiction between the news department and the production department, would certainly make to the governor's office or even the management committee, then would he be the scapegoat?
Paul Long narrowed his eyes slightly, his eyes glided slowly on the faces of these stimulated crying out of the slogans orphans, as if he wanted to look for something-- how could these orphans know the visit journey that he would bring the reporters to here today? What they really want to make a noise of this for? Could it be said that they just did this only for Jane Sue this name? Jane Sue for these orphans, it was like a fairy maiden on the distant astral, but it's not enough to support these orphans to have such a big courage.
The thing seemed somewhat interesting; he always felt that it's like somebody manipulating it all behind the scene. If there was really that man behind these orphans, surely didn't it mean that the man knew precisely the fight between the news department and the production department, and he could ensure today's disorder on the Bell Tower Street to get on the news?
Paul Long was vigilance up, his eyes fell on the orphans’ leader that reddened all over face, he knew that this sixteen years old wild kid was a malicious role, his name was Vigor, but Vigor won't dare to speak it to his face so overbearing.
Suddenly he had a move on his mind, he turned his head along Vigor's somewhat flashing eyes, and he looked at a certain shadow area of the Bell Tower Street.
But there was nothing at all.


Chapter 3  
He was lonelier than the fireworks

The Bell Tower Street of the capital of the West River state, there was not really the bell tower.
Why this street had such a full of flavor of restored ancient name, it was just because when the first time the federal military came and stationed in the East Forest planet, they made a weak intelligence heartbreaking... the gravity measuring error.
The warship falling location was right here then, the burst out fireworks reflected the vagaries on the faces of the countless soldiers, and the chief of the Fourth Military Region had a sigh, "the mood I have right now, is lonelier than the fireworks." 
The restored ancient bell that the chief of the Fourth Military Region carried, fell out of the damaged warship along with the beautiful fireworks, and hit hard on the ground of the mine planet. The battleship was ruined, but that big stupid bell was not destroyed, and it was still working, this was no doubt the most heartless laugh at the capability of the federal government and the military.
The fact proved, the sigh of the chief of the Fourth Military Region didn't have the problem of literary tune too much-- The federal Management Committee was very angry about this accident, very angry. They had the rectification movement in the army; they removed many official posts in the army, and ordered strictly to put that still working bell on the same place where it hit the ground, to serve as the vigilance to all the public servants. And this chief executive of the Fourth Military Region was distributed to West Forest Region this border defense zone; he ended his life down in the loneliness. 
Many years later, that big stupid bell had already been corroded into fragments by the acid rains, and also didn't know where they were buried in which garbage field on the East Forest planet now, but the name of the Bell Tower Street had been left behind.
............
............
There were no fireworks on the Bell Tower Street today, and it's not lonely neither, but it's not as normal as usual, it's full of the angry but couldn't help laughing protest sounds, the broken slogans appeared and disappeared time to time, the drank too much coffee and got exited residents joined in, the drank too much hard liquor and got sudden violent drinkers also joined in, that let the maintaining order the power of the second police station somewhat out at the elbows immediately. The messy scene started to develop to the direction of the true fantastic experimental drama.
Paul Long had a cold face to stand behind the blockade in, he didn't worry about these East Forest residents would dare to blunt come over. Although the East Forest people were really bored long enough, they found a way to release their emotions very not easily, thus they appeared too worked up. Although that blockade was just a yellow thin tape... Yet the Federation is a legal society, all the people knew what could be challenged and what couldn't be challenged.
What made deputy director Paul felt care slightly in the heart was just the previous guess, it's so coincidence that these damned orphans appeared today, the choice of the unrest reason also appeared too cute, once the news media joined in, nothing the governor's office also could take on these orphans afterwards, all in all, behind the back of the chaos, these was the order hidden to let him have some alerts.
"Jane Sue!"
"We want to watch Jane Sue!"
The demonstration voice continued, the young voices had already been hoarse, but that couldn't cover the complacence and excitement within.
Paul Long decided as early as the first time, he informed the governor's office, requested the superior federal department to sent down the negotiators, but not to choose the tough confront-- on the one hand it's because of the presence of the reporters, on the other hand it's also because really the state government had done something in the wrong, the last was because his cautious nature began to play the role.
It's not too long later, the officials of the governor's office, the federal radio management committee and the public relation of the police administration all rushed to the parade heartland on the Bell Tower Street. They began to try to persuade the inhabitants of the East Forest Region, but no matter what they said, they just couldn't explain the fact that there was no that light purple hair figure on the TV screen.
Also no officials would admit, this stupid decision to protect the production department of the West River television station was made by himself, they just put this question to come down to the technical reason. Anyway, the negotiation had been continuing, and those orphans disappeared in the crowd quietly in the gloomy eyes of Paul Long. 
Not long after the orphan leader Vigor brought that group of extremely tough in the heart orphans escaped into the crowd, the whole Bell Tower Street burst out the extremely delighted applauses and cheers!
The shouts for the joy, the negotiation was over, after a sound of “Dee“, the ultra-thin scroll TV in the coffee shop was turned on once again, the Bell Tower Street was all silent, many of the police wiped off the sweat from the forehead, the female reporter warped up the corners of her mouth satisfied, the officials scolded badly the stupid and no-bone governor in the heart.
Tonight's eight o'clock sharp, the channel 23 would carry Jane Sue that moving cheek to return to the capital of the West River state, this was really a celebration day for all the people to join in the jubilation.
............
............
The night sky of the East Forest always seemed strange, the light dark red light diffused on the black-ash sky, it seemed somewhat like the scene of the Hell Gate, as that of those stylites didn't forget in their minds. However, to the people who lived on this planet, they had already seen this scene for countless years, they had already been used to it, and they would never see it for the second eye.
Couldn't see all the stars on the sky, there were only a few stars flashing stiffly, as if they were not content that the starlight cost them the very hard work to spill onto the land, were ignored like the stones by the East Forest people...
One big and one small two figures wormed their ways into the shadow of the street light, they avoided the signal checking equipments very skillfully, they got though the alley of the side of the Bell Tower street and came to the bottom of a green tree.
The green tree was on a little green hillock, there was no light around, against the background color of the distant the night sky, it’s like a picture of trimmed extremely delicate paper-cut painting.
On the center of the picture, a man was sitting below the green tree, it should be a teenager by the figure, he sat on the ground crossing his legs, the thing on his laps was sending out the light shine, which drew his outline of the figure especially lonely.
............
............
"Brother Sheilor... Why are you always lonely one person by yourself?" The two figures came down to the green hillock, the smaller that one opened his mouth with slow speech, but his voice was still somewhat hoarse, it obviously was caused by calling thousands of times Jane Sue when he shouted the slogans this afternoon.
Another person of course was the leader of the orphans Vigor, he looked at the lonely back figure of that teenager below the green tree, and he couldn't help to inhale a breath and said in admiration, "It's really lonelier than the fireworks..."
This sigh from the chief executive of the Fourth Military Region many years ago, had already become the never-will-be-forgotten famous remark for the residents of the whole East Forest Region, even such like Vigor this uneducated guy, would also bring it out to describe people unexpectedly.
Vigor and that little guy ran toward the green hillock, when they almost ran to the back of that lonely figure, they found that the young man they called brother Sheilor, his shoulders twitched up suddenly, it seemed that he was crying silently.
Vigor was pale on his face; he walked to the front of that youngster and asked, "Sheilor, what's happening?"
That lonely youngster didn't look up, he just watched the portable ultra-thin TV screen on his laps, he looked at that purple hair girl on the screen, in the light of the light rays, and he had the tears all over his face. 
Long time later, the movie melody of the end sounded up, this called Sheilor youngster looked up, narrowed his that pair sincere and honest eyes, wiped off the tears from the face and the drool from the corners of the mouth, and said with an abnormally serious tone, "Jane Sue... Really is... Too beautiful! I... Must... Marry her... As my wife... In the future!"
............
............


Chapter 4
This hat, can't hide your face

............
............
When the fifteen year old Sheilor, with the trembling voice, gave this sentence with sincere and serious but overwhelmed tone, he never thought that he would have any trace of possibility to implement this sentence. A living in the remote East Forest Region orphan, could have the antho-maniac to that on the ultra-thin screen federal purple hair goddess on the laps, to express his own strong emotion with this kind of resonated declaration, but it's just ultimately the mischief of the adolescent physiological problems.
The poor people could have the right of fantasy and the courage of fantasy, but the big gap between the classes couldn't be closed by the individual effort. Let alone the youngster Sheilor besides the poverty, he didn't have anything used to his own advantage up and made presentable. He didn't know whether he could go to the capital planet in this life, even just went to travel over there...
The youngster Sheilor didn't have the good-looking; of course, he also couldn't be said ugly. He was just the same as the normal teenager, had a lightly young immature and very common face, it's no way to look like the deity, he also didn't have thin poor and lovely body the same like the jade, he is just an ordinary person.
The most distinctive thing on his face was his that pair of eyes, in such like the strong ink, slightly narrowing, they seemed to be somewhat small, and it’s really a pity for those beautiful eyebrows. Especially when he was thinking about something, the eyes would be narrowed more severely, the original sincere eyes would be revealing a kind of stupid, stupid feeling.
Of course, if somebody could look into the deepest place of that pair of pupils, they might find out behind the stupid feeling, they could see a few of the inflexible will and affirmation as the stone that the East Forest people had peculiarly. 
............
............
"From fifteen to fifty years old... All of the federal men, we all think that Jane Sue is very beautiful, we all want to marry her as wife."
Under the green tree in the night, Vigor patted on Sheilor that slightly thin shoulder with his hand, he said with the most sympathy tone, "including me, but I'm just a little bit shy, I just can't tell it out, you are really more shameless as expected indeed."
"I... I also think so too." That had been behind Vigor little guy took a peek at Sheilor, he found out that Sheilor's eyes were still staying in the light of the ultra-thin screen, he was still in obsession of that final full of purple meaning freeze-frame picture, so he ventured to say.
Sheilor raise his head slowly, looked at that little guy, he said with a smile, "Johnny, you are just only ten years old, you know the fart!"
After he finished this sentence, Sheilor stood up, he turned his back and leaned on the trunk of the green tree, he pushed slightly on the side of the ultra-thin crystal screen, a very moving sliding cover sound rang up, and the whole crystal screen shrank into a thin round shaft.
He rubbed on the smooth metal surface of the round shaft gently, heartache appeared on the eyebrows, he said, "this is the high copy of the N98, the market value at least will be four thousand dollars, let you this boy to take the advantage, Levi, the thing is for you. But if you need to have it repaired, I would still have to collect the money."
"Don't pretend to be this woman-like look." Levi scratched his head of light golden blond curly hair fretfully, he grabbed the round shaft crystal screen and said, "Didn’t you see Paul Long that face today, we these more than one hundred people took this big risk, isn't it worth this broken TV?"
Sheilor “Ha Ha” smiled two sounds, he didn't dispute anything, and he hit on Levi's shoulder once and said, "Still the old rule, if there is something in the future, I'll trouble you again."
Levi didn't answer right away, but he was somewhat confused to look at Sheilor that ordinary face, after he had looked at Sheilor for a long time, he couldn't help opened his mouth and said, "Where have you been to at the daytime these past two years? Why do you always hide from us? I know that you don't like us to wander around the street, you are afraid that we will be in the underworld in the future... But the school also has been opening the door to us, to tell you the truth, in these ten years, the government also has been pretty good to us."
Sheilor somewhat had a sigh helplessly and said, "The homework of the school has been lost for several years, which one of us still can keep up with it?"
Levi also didn't have the hope to convince him; he abused a few words angrily and said, "I'm afraid of that you will become an autism."
Once he listened this sentence, Sheilor smiled to narrow his eyes, as if he heard the funniest joke on this world, but he didn't keep on to continue on this topic, "Don't you want to have a try on this thing?"
Obviously, that only ten years old little guy didn't listen and understood the dialogue between these two teenagers, it's obviously a very beautiful, very expensive and very good round shaft crystal screen, the TV signal reception under the tree was very good previously, why do they still wanted to have a try on it?
But Levi's face became dignified after he heard these words, his right hand held that thin round metal shaft, the thumb pushed a not-so-easy to find little sheet metal on a place carefully.
............
............
“Chi Chi!” A strange noise rang up under the green tree, the light blue arc was just like the beautiful prodigy line, shot out from the front end of the thin metal shaft, ionized the air, the round arc circled around under the green tree for about half meter and returned to the tip of the shaft!
When the blue arc appeared, that little guy was frightened to squat down to the ground and held his head tightly. Obviously in the past of the life, the orphans on the street were bullied by this kind of weapon very badly. Levi got his face somewhat slightly pale too, he looked at Sheilor foolishly, he asked with the trembling voice, "This fierce? Can it still be called the electric shock stick?"
"It just looks frightening, the force of the impact is still not as half as the military standard, mainly because it costs too much time for the major transformation." Sheilor frowned and said, "This thing only can be used to fight on the street with those thugs, if you let those second station guys to see it, you would be in trouble."
Levi held that round shaft into his arms, he looked at Sheilor incredibly and said, "I thought that at most it would just have an electric sparkle... You... You are too fucking brilliant."
Little Johnny also climbed up from the ground finally at this time, he used the same eyes like looking the angel to look at the under the tree Sheilor's figure. Although they were the same orphans, they didn't have too much education, but he also knew, to transform the most beautiful shaft shrinkage crystal TV screen into such powerful electric shock stick, that needed what kind of ability!  
"Hey Hey, I am a genius..." Sheilor raised his that pair of rich black eyebrows, but it didn't reveal any frivolous feeling, instead, it showed this youngster more sincere and honest particularly.
Levi finally looked at his eyes seriously and asked, "Sheilor, it must cost you a very big price to make this thing out, surely it doesn't mean that... You just really want to watch Jane Sue?"
Sheilor said with the tone more serious than his, "Of course." 
Levi had the impulse that he wanted to hit someone, but he just only ended up with a scolding, "You this idiot."
............
............
Watched these one big and one small two figures disappeared in the night of the city edge, Sheilor rested his heart assured, he pulled the hat behind the casual shirt up, covered his own face all in the dark, and then walked down the green hillock, left the green tree, and walked to another residential area of the West River state capital along with another road.
But today the youngster's way back home was not that smooth, just under the street light outside of the Roland Street, he was stopped.
"This hat, can't hide your face... I think, we have met four years ago." The figure of the deputy director Paul Long of the West River state's second police station appeared exceptionally dark and horrible under the street light, he looked at this two heads shorter than him youngster in front of him, looked at the covering the youngster's face hat, and said coldly...


Chapter 5
A finger in the night breeze

............
............
"Sheilor would see you, it's because after the mine disaster, your mother have raised him for two years, he is thankful for that... But you must make it clear for yourself, he is the one not wanting to get into trouble the most, just let some words to be rotted in the belly." The already returned to the downstairs of the Bell Tower street apartment Levi gave a stare at little Johnny, he also had some worries in his mind, after all this little guy was just a ten years old boy, it would be not that great once he spilled out some words.
The little guy flatted his lips, it seemed like that he was scared to cry by Levi's fierce eyes, although Levi's eyes were always that clear, bright and lovely, but all the orphans wandering around the Bell Tower Street knew, the sixteen years old leader was how ruthless when he really launched the maliciousness.
No one knew where Levi put that metal shaft which was in his hand, he was holding a bottle of beer to fill his mouth at this time, he sat under the road light and hummed the tunes, it looked like that he was somewhat satisfied. The little guy was daunted to look at him, he hesitated for a moment, but he still couldn't help to ask, "Brother Sheilor seldom comes back to the Bell Tower Street in these two years, what is he doing any way?"
"Who knows? But this boy likes to play the workmanship since he was little, who would have thought that he would be this malicious, do you still remember that thing we both saw that year?" Levi drank down the beer in one gasp; he clicked his tongue in admiration.
"I was only five years old at that time, I had already forgotten." The little guy licked his lips and looked at the beer in Levi's hand, it seemed like that he was some curious. The life of the orphan of the East Forest regions was secured, but if they wanted to find the things with the alcohol in, it really had some difficulties, the liquor of the black market was really too expensive.
"That's right, that time I was also only eleven years old, Sheilor was only ten years old." Levi threw the beer bottle to the not far away garbage pile under the street light, he had a deep breath, on his that young and slightly childish face, a few numbness were appeared, "If not for that thing ten years ago, I'm afraid that we are still all in the school, perhaps we have already passed the entrance examination of the professional certificate, gone to the West River university... Or even... Or even gone to the capital planet as the exchange students."
The street light pulls these one big and one small two figures very long, shrouded on the distance garbage pile, a black cat walked through the shadow, the scattered yellow pupils found nervously, there were no mouse appeared again today, everything appeared so lonely and deathly stillness.
............
............
Ten years ago that mine disaster caused more than three hundred miners buried underground, the most terrible thing was that the mine collapse spread into the temporary apartment area, a lot of visiting family members also died in misfortune, nobody knew how many families burst therefore for that.
This incident shocked the whole federal human society, in the science and technology well-developed present, such disastrous death tragedy let numerous officials fell. The direct department officials of the capital homeland security committee and the governor of the West River state, resigned in succession under the pressure of the media. There were three officials sentenced criminal penalty, even the vice affairs secretary who was responsible for the safety matters of the East Forest Region was also sentenced to four years in prison.
The response of the federal government and the judicial system couldn't be said not quick and intense enough, but it couldn't recover those lives after all. This event of mine disaster brought the last heavy blow to the originally on the stagnated edge mining industry of the East Forest Region, the Crystal Mine United company went bankrupt just like that, it was in custody by the federal government.
The incident had very deep influence, but a few people thought that for those orphans, it's a very great influence to this life.
............
............
The orphans who rallied and demonstrated on the Bell Tower Street during the day were the victims of the mine disaster event. Levi was such one of them, the little guy was such one, and Sheilor also was such one. 
Sheilor was one orphan of this group of the orphans, but more accurate to say, he was one of the alternative kind of the orphans. In those years, he didn't have any envy eyes to look at those glamorous gang leaders; he just liked to watch others to repair the electrical equipments in the grocery store on the corner of the street.
He this person looked not so strong and sinister violent, instead, his face always carried the thick smile, no matter how difficult the environment was; it couldn't seem to let him have the slightest bored.
--But it's very strange, those aggressive orphans didn't dare to provoke him, even vaguely, all the orphans in those three streets respected him in some certain ways, this kind of respect was largely from that Levi respected Sheilor from the heart.
Five years ago, because of the contingent strike of the government at one time, one of the hidden in the shadow gang was forced into the back street of the Bell Tower Street where the orphans occupied, and with their cold-blooded and tough, they took control of the already abandoned for a long time block successfully, in just two hours, there were three oldest and had the most courage to resistant orphans died in the cleaning.
The normally looked like very arrogant orphans, before they could evolve into those dark forces successfully, in fact, they were just some showy little lions. 
The had not been participating in the mass organization activity Sheilor was missing that day, then the had been unable to get down deep into the lower level streets, the West River state police force and the support of the military region, suddenly through an underground pipeline trench, went into the large area land behind the Bell Tower street.
A lot of people died, the orphans returned to their own place, the hatred of the three died orphans was paid back as well. But no one knew, in that cold rainy night, the always numb but cheerful Sheilor, at the outside of the garbage dump, with an abandoned elbow hydraulic pipe of the mecha, stabbed the last escaped leader of that gang to die.
Besides the trembling Levi and that little guy who were crouching sandwich inside of the stone boards of the abandoned factory dining room, that year, Levi was eleven years old, the little Johnny was five years old, and Sheilor was just ten years old.
............
............
"Four years ago?" Hidden the face in the clothes hat Sheilor repeated the words once what this in front of him middle-aged man said, he smiled happily, he was sure that the other party was trying to cheat on him, rather than knowing that most feared memory in his own heart, "Four years ago I took part in the makeup exam which was presided by the state education admission office."
The deputy director Paul looked coldly at the youngster in front of him, he knew that the other party absolutely had the connection with that farce this afternoon, but he also couldn't confirm his own judgment, how a youngster could know well about the internal journey arrangement of the police department, and how could he know the contradiction and struggle between those upper levels?
"I want to know who is behind your back." Paul Long thought that his own cold tone was proper, the asking point was also especial accurate, of course, he also didn't think that these wandering in the Bell Tower Street orphans wouldn't know who he was.
However, after Sheilor heard this question, he couldn't help to bow down his head and had the wry smile. He shrugged his shoulders, as if he didn't see this in front of him middle-aged man who was staring at him like a black dog, he walked to under the bright street light and was ready to go home to sleep.
Paul Long held the baton tightly with his hand.
The youngster stretched out a slender and stable finger. 
He pointed to the dark area behind the street light and said, "There are totally five electronic monitors over here, you belong to the police system, you are not the judge, nor even the people of the Management Committee, you can't find a way to get rid of the record, so I advise you not to try to take action on me... If you have anything want to say, please go to get the proof first, I will cooperate with the investigation."
The deputy director Paul had a flicker of cold meaning in his eyes, his body had a froze, he said after a while, "Casual inspection, I need to read your chip."
Sheilor turned his body around, but he still didn't take off his hat, he said cordially, "The deputy director of the second police station would be scolded into shit tomorrow by the governor, and might even get on the TV news for today's parade, who would believe that he would also have the idea in the early morning, attend to the matter personally, to have the casual inspection to a harmless thin and weak youngster?"
That finger which had been pointing to the electronic monitors in the dark shook slowly in the quiet night, Sheilor bowed down his head and said sincerely, "I'm a good man, believe me, all these what I have said are for your consideration." 
Paul Long suddenly felt that the calmness or the honest of this didn't know the identity youngster was somewhat terrible, the suspect in his eyes was getting stronger and stronger; his hand was holding the baton tighter and tighter.


Chapter 6
He is not an agent

............
............
Paul Long didn't see clearly what happened under the green tree earlier, but this didn't stop him to cast enough vigilance on this covering his face with the hat youngster in front of him. Strode forward two steps, he lowered his head and whispered by Sheilor's ear across the hat, "Maybe I shouldn't ask you, I should go to ask Levi."
A federal official to deal with the dark force of the street, it was like the attendant at the zoo to deal with those indocile beasts, whether the whip or the fresh meat, they always had the endless means to use. Paul Long said out Levi this name at this time, of course that was to give the threat to Sheilor-- Even though he would not make the moves personally, Sheilor shouldn't expect that he could hide his own identity.
But Sheilor seemed like that he didn't worry about this point, in his view, Levi those orphans always could have the ways to survive, he left no trace to avoid the deputy director Paul's expression of intimacy, lowered his head, and walked toward the darkness with somewhat humility.
Paul Long let loose the baton in his hand, he shouted at the back of the youngster, "If there is an opportunity, we would meet again."
............
............
The time for these two people to meet again was very short, it's so short to let people thrilled, and it's so short to let people feel some ridiculous.
Just right in the dark of the side door of the Green Garden district, Sheilor looked up somewhat shocked, that pair of bright eyes became the crescents; he looked at the leaning against the wall naturally and unrestrainedly, so that he could show his ability to control everything Paul Long. Sheilor seemed to be amazed about how this person could follow himself to this remote place, but he didn't find out himself.
"I said, we'll meet again... And I'm very satisfied, this place we meet, there is no longer any monitoring equipments and those bothersome pedestrians, which would influence the communication between two of us.”
The dressed in the black police uniform deputy director Paul walked out from the shadow, the smile on his face was somewhat gloomy and complacent, the baton on his waist had already been pulled out, the diamond form metal tip shined out the frightening blue arc, although it's weak, but the power was dye-in-the-wood.  
He didn't give the opportunity for Sheilor to escape, and he also didn't let Sheilor to be frankly in advance, Paul Long was ready to put down this youngster with the electricity habitually. With the sudden pain to soften the other party's mind, let the other party to make clear the name of that man who could process into the police station and use the struggle of upper level of the West River state.
The tip of the baton almost reached to Sheilor's waist, but the deputy director Paul suddenly felt the arise suddenly pain!
A huge current occupied his whole body momentarily, which made him twitching his whole body, having the unbearable pain, trembling unceasingly, just like having the seizure to collapse on the ground, the corners of his mouth began to spit out the white foams.
The light burning smell in the air come and gone fleetingly, but the wall has been left some traces of the current scorch on!
Made sure that Paul Long no longer had the strength to resist, Sheilor put the electric shock stick back into the pocket carefully.
This shock stick was only the finger length, but the sending out current was far beyond the one he gave to Levi earlier, not even to mention the one was held in Paul Long's hand. 
Paul let him go in hypocrisy, but he wanted to proceed the miserable confession in this obscure corner. But maybe he would never know, this thin youngster could easily knock him down unexpectedly.
Sheilor walked to the side of Paul Long, squat down his body to check on the status of the other side, put a pellet of metal sheet object into the ear and said with a low voice, "Rating investigator No. 78 reporting, the situation has some changes, whether to kill?"
Sheilor squat down by the in coma Paul Long's side, he seemed to be waiting for the instruction of the other side of the communication, after a short while, he got the confirm order, no longer paid attention to the deputy director Paul under his feet, neatened up his clothes once again, covered his face more closely, and disappeared in the darkness by the side of the Green Garden.
His residence, of course was not in the Green Garden.
............
............
A long time later, the under the wall deputy director Paul opened his eyes slowly, after he was sure that mysterious youngster had disappeared, he then dared to sit up struggled and wiped off the white foams from his mouth, he looked at the disappearing direction of that youngster with a changing face.
The soar and pain in the nerves and muscles of the body were still continuing, but that couldn't stop the shock in the deputy director Paul's mind. He didn't really fall into coma after he got shocked down by that electric shock stick, but he heard clearly what the instruction the youngster asked for at the last, he was frightened so badly by kill and investigator these vocabularies, he wouldn't even dare to open his eyes.
Rating investigator? How could anyone believe? The federal TV station was directly under the dual controls of the Management Committee and the President. Paul Long's eyes flashed a flicker of fear and dread, was it possible that the one who instigated secretly the orphans to go to the street to make some troubles was the agent sent down to the planet from the capital planet? Especially the electric shock stick which Sheilor stretched out without a sound reinforced Paul Long this judgment more.
Finger length, but the electric arc could breakdown 50 CM space, this kind of delicate yet powerful weapon, absolutely not could be copied by those folk gangs. Paul Long just heard that the military could equip with such equipments, and they re used especially by the agents.
That youngster is the people of the Management Committee after all, or the people of the President? But regardless which party he is, that is the class out of touch hopelessly. Paul Long held on the wall and climbed up in fear, he knew that he had made a big mistake himself today; he couldn't touch this thing anymore.
............
............
The hot water flowed gurgle out of the faucet, the welfare of the Federation had been reflected well in these details. The steamy hot air let the whole bathroom filled with a psychedelic flavor. Sheilor stood in front of the mirror of the bathroom, looked at the face on the mirror getting fuzzy gradually by the water vapor, stood over there silently for a long, long time, and then breathed out a sigh of relief.
His holding the white ceramic washbasin hands seemed to put forth his strength secretly, there were some pales between the fingers and were shivering slightly, because he was very afraid.
He pulled out that metal pellet from the ear, and drew out another metal thing which was used to change the sound from under the tongue, Sheilor threw them over the upper part of the washbasin, they sent out two clear and crisp sounds-- they were just two metal buttons of the casual shirt.
Sheilor lowered his head, breathed deeply, and just wanted to spit out all the fears from the heart. He faked Paul Long who made many orphans feared just with two metal buttons, but he didn't have any sense of achievement in his heart, if not for worrying Paul Long would lay a hand on Levi, he wouldn’t absolutely come out to do this kind of things.
He was not what agent, and he didn't have any relationship with those important persons in the far away Capital Planet Circle, he was just an ordinary people with some talents in the machinery aspect, he was just only a youngster.
Paul Long always thought that there was some kind of force behind his back, but only Sheilor knew it clearly by himself, there was only that damned guy behind his back, and if not that guy cried to ask him, how would he let those orphans and himself to fall into such an absurd situation.
He didn't know whether Paul Long would continue to investigate, Sheilor lacked the confidence on his mind.
Sheilor rinsed his own face with the hot water, until the young face was washed to somewhat red, he then just recovered slowly, he stared at himself in the mirror angrily and scolded in whisper, "Fengyu, what kind of bastard is you indeed?"


Chapter 7
He doesn't know he is an genius himself

Fenyu was a middle-aged man, in his words to say, he was a mature stable reliable handsome and with a little taste of haggard vicissitudes, he was a peerless middle-aged uncle who was good enough to enchant all the living creatures especially the young girls.
But this was not exaggerated at all, if he was willing to take more baths, shave a bit more often, mend his that full mouth of rotten teeth, wear a few suitable clothes, and then reduce a few years of age, perhaps he still would have that kind of charm.
But this world had not so much hypothesis, so Fengyu was just still a simple, no son or daughter, just knew drinking and chatting middle-aged citizen, every Monday to Thursday he would just stay absent-minded in the electrical equipment repair shop on the forth block of the Vanilla Avenue, looked at those occasionally walked pass in front of the repair shop in uniform female police officers and had his drool to run out of his mouth.
The business of this electrical equipment repair shop had been not bad, that's because Fengyu's skill was really not bad, no matter the latest scroll crystal screen, or the old LCD, no matter the over-clocking room temperature regulator, or the children electric skateboard, anything about the machine and the electrical, he always could repair them well.
The business was not bad; of course the income was stable as well. So the three legal holidays of every week, Fengyu would always close the shop habitually, and then come in and go out every nursing home of the West River state, knew a lot of the girls of the nursing homes, and spent a lot of money as well. The neighborhoods had already known the lewd side of this middle-aged man, so they didn't feel how surprised it was.
But just no one knew, the weekends of these two years, Fengyu didn't let off his own lust when he went out every time, but came to a remote mine very far away from the city. This mine had been abandoned for years, especially after that mine disaster ten years ago, the United Company went bankrupt, and no one came to this mine any more. So much so when the miner's lounge was transformed into a repair shop, there was no one found out neither.
Sheilor gave a stare at that in the sofa middle-aged man, heaved a sigh, brought out the meals from the kitchen stove by his side, put them on the table and said, "It's time for the meal." After he said the words, he then went to get a hot towel to wipe the face of that middle-aged man.
No matter how worried the mood Sheilor had right now, he this person was always softhearted and kind habitually, looking at that middle-aged uncle's decadent appearance, he always couldn't help wanting to take care of him.
Fengyu sat on the table, “Pata Pata” began to chew up the somewhat tough meat, and he opened his mouth suddenly, "Why this wild buffalo meat is getting harder and harder?"
"No matter what kind of meat, after been put in the freezer for half a year, will become somewhat hard to eat." Sheilor didn't have any expression on his face; he filled a bowl of rice for himself and sat by the table. The eating habit of two of them got some strange in these two years, if in the normal East Forest people's opinion, it's excessively luxury.
"You didn't answer the question I just asked." Sheilor put down the fork suddenly and asked seriously, "I know you were the repair technician in the military in those years, because you had sinned against your superior, so you became the deserter, but that electric shock stick you taught me to make is too likeness, you see... It has been several days, Paul Long was really frightened by me incredibly, and he didn't even dare to ask Levi who the guy is."
"I have already told you two years ago, I'm a person having stories." Uncle Fengyu obviously didn't care the emetic effect of his this sentence, he said slowly with the narcissism way, "With the information that I can access by the position and secret level in the military in those years, don't say just an electric shock stick, even the standard loaded canon, as long as you have the materials, I also can make it out for you."  
Sheilor had already listened to this kind of words too much, of course he didn't have any reaction to it, he just said helplessly, "Don't brag, the last time I had not so easy to pick up a piece of central control system of the mecha from the garbage dump, the result was that you checked it for five days and five nights, but you didn't dare to start the repair work."
Fengyu had his face get into green, coughed a couple times, and then scolded seriously, "That's the antique of the fourth military in those years! Who the fuck have seen the things hundreds years ago, of course I would look at it with the appreciative eyes."
"But what else you can make besides the electric shock stick?" Sheilor said with the tail between the legs, "It has been two years now, I only learn from you here how to repair the TV, the freezer, the toy, the car... And in two more years, the conscription examination of the Defense Department will sign up, I haven't seen any mecha and warship yet, how can I pass the examination?"
Fengyu lowered his head chewing the meat, he scolded in a low voice, "You didn't even finish the twelve years obligation education, and you don't have the military technology institute background, you can pass the examination with what? The Defense Department also recruits the cannon fodder soldiers; do you want to go to have a try? Absolutely every marine corps will want you."
Sheilor had a stare blankly, he said seriously, "After pass the conscription examination, then I will be the mechanic sergeant, the starting point will be a little bit higher."
Fengyu raised his head, he looked at this youngster who he was very familiar with incredibly, he said with a sigh, "You still didn't give up your that disgraceful ideal?"
"Why the ideal should be disgraceful?" Sheilor emerged a persistent light on his face, "The first ideal of my life is to be an auxiliary official of the battleship, the second ideal is to get into the big company's research and development department in the Capital Planet Circle, and to live the good life."
"The West Forest Region there is still in the war with the empire." Fenyu's voice was getting a little calm suddenly, "Forget your first ideal, as for the second one, in fact it's not so difficult."
The speed of their having meal was very quick, Sheilor had already began to clear away the bowls and the forks, he replied while he was cleaning up, "They have fought for sixty years, the people of the East Forest Region have never seen what the people of the Empire look like, except saw their diplomatic corps on the TV, what else should be afraid of?" 
His voice had a pause, he said with some frustrations, "I know that I'm not a what genius, I have learned for two years, but I just learned how to make the electric shock stick. But I always thought, I really like to deal with these machines, so I want to try the examination."
Fenyu kept silent, didn't say a word, lied on the sofa and began to watch the TV, but his eyes fell over on the back of Sheilor's figure.
After washed the bowls, Sheilor walked into the operating room habitually, began to operate those instrument tools which he had already been familiar with as his own fingers, with a steady to the extreme point speed, repaired those piled up on the side old appliances, put back to their original forms one by one.
Those common damaged electrical equipments were not so hard to be repaired, but Sheilor still worked very seriously, as if he was facing the most sophisticated instruments in the whole Federation, maybe he had never noticed, every time when he committed himself into this kind of work, there was a kind of brilliance called seriousness would be emerged in his childish face.
The having stories uncle Fengyu lit a cigarette, he narrowed his eyes to look at Sheilor's busy figure through the glass, he thought that it's time to lower one more degree of the dust level of the operating room. And then he thought of that sentence Sheilor said earlier, he couldn't help warping up the corners of his mouth and blew out a circle of smoke.
The circle of the smoke drifted away slowly, floated into Fengyu that had already been getting grey hair and disappeared. Fengyu thought in his heart, all the people in this world said that he was the genius, but actually in some ways, Sheilor this little guy was... More like a genius than himself.


Chapter 8
The life in the abandoned mine

After finished the last operation of the micro welding, Sheilor took down the dark color protection lens from the face satisfied, put all the repaired finished products in the operating room, classified according to the labels on them, into the metal grilles neatly, pressed the button and moved them out of the operating room. These repaired goods would be sent back to the fourth block of the Vanilla Avenue, Sheilor just always got ready in advance habitually.
Washed the face with the hot water, Sheilor was used to his way to bring out the medicinal liquid from the drawer and dropped it into the eyes carefully. Although there were all kinds of observation equipments to help, but those metal chip worlds, for the eyes of every mechanic technician, would be a kind of torture. And once he focused in the metal chip world, he would forget the existence of the time, so his eyes were a little bit red at the moment.
"Go to have a rest first, take a look at the scenery, and relieve the eye muscles." Fengyu rubbed his that grey hair, he was very satisfied with Sheilor's speed and concentration. In the last half year, the things of the repair shop on the Vanilla Avenue were basically operated by Sheilor in this remote mine, and Fengyu just needed to stay in the shop. He would come to this place to give some directions every weekend, gradually, Sheilor's speed was getting faster and faster, it's even quicker than Fengyu this mecha maintenance mechanic of the military.
Sheilor answered with an “Mmm” from his throat, took out two bottles of juice drinks from the fridge on the wall, followed behind Fengyu, and walked toward the upper place of the mine.
Listened to the metal crashing sounds from the front, he couldn't help to raise his head, and then he saw that very cool junk jeans uncle wearing, the extremely tight hips packed by the denim of the jeans, and.... The big bunch of keys, such like five-star knife metal things, kept swinging in the air and then hit on that big ass occasionally, and sent out the irksome sounds.
He always hadn't understood why Fengyu formed himself into this kind of image, but Fengyu said to him, the sword in swordsman’s hand and the gun in gunman's hand were never away from the body. They these mecha maintenance technicians, of course should not let the tools be away from the body... In fact, Sheilor understood, this uncle just thought that it's exceptionally man for the charm to have the wind-bell on his tight ass, which could attract those lonely young women's eyes.
The time had been very late, the light over the sky of the East Forest Region was getting dim gradually, the twilight was getting red and dark gradually, on the large pile of the metals behind Fengyu, reflected a dazzling gloss. Sheilor that originally not so big eyes narrowed naturally, looked at the back of that climbing the hill somewhat difficult figure, he couldn’t help to think of that he walked into that repair shop sillily two years ago.
The relationship between Fengyu and him was a little bit strange, it's not the relationship between the student and the teacher, but he did learn his most longing for knowledge and experience about the machine maintenance from Fengyu.
Although repairing the electrical equipments for his ideal, that becoming the auxiliary official or getting into the Capital Planet Circle to make a good life ideal, had no any help, but at least Sheilor from that little repair shop, got a lot of quietness and satisfaction.
Sheilor also couldn't be counted as the hired worker by Fengyu, because Fengyu never paid him any salary, he just left enough food in the freezer, from the treatment to say, Sheilor just could be regarded as the poorest indentured laborer of the repair shop on the Vanilla Avenue... But in these two years, Sheilor did make a lot of money for that repair shop.
"The registration of the recruiting examination, if it's for the maintenance sergeant... The government will only reimburse forty percent of the expense." Sheilor looked at the back figure of the uncle, summoned up the courage and said, "There are only two years left, and I need to save some money."
The subtext of this sentence of course was that he hoped the boss of the repair shop would pay him some salaries. However, Fengyu didn’t turn his head back and refused him directly, "When you asked me to teach you at the beginning, have I charged you any tuition fee?"
He is really a shameless people, even more shameless than I am. Sheilor thought this way in his heart, but thought of that when he ran into the repair shop at the beginning, the rogue way holding the boss's thigh and not letting it go, he didn't have the courage to ask the salary thing anymore, he heaved a sigh helpless, ran a few steps forward and sat down by Fengyu's side.
They two people were sitting on the top of the mine at this time; there was the large shadow of the city buildings far behind, just far away, so it's particularly fuzzy. But there was the large green grass plain in front of them, they could see the towering trees at the depth of the grass plain, the pure and fresh nature scene was sending out the bouncing fire feeling right at this time under the sunset.
“Actually I have been very curious.” Fengyu didn’t take the fruit juice which Sheilor handed over, but lit up another cigarette, enjoyed a mouthful of absorption, looked at the grassland in front of him greedily and said, “There are at least one thousand repair shops in the East Forest Region, why did you prefer me deliberately at the first place?”
Sheilor took a look at him surprised, he had never thought that the thing had already been passed two years and now he would think of and asked this question. After a moment’s pause, he lowered his head and said, “The café’s vacuum-automatic door was broken at that time, and I heard that it was fixed by you later on, so I went to look for you.”
“Everyone would know how to fix that door.” Fengyu didn’t even turn his head back.
“Maybe you were too happy when you fixed that door…” There was a suddenly flicker of joy in Sheilor that sincere eyes when he laughed, “The no-glue vacuum juncture of that B2 mouth was done too beautiful, the deviant is on the MM level, this is two grades higher than the civil standard, it’s even a little bit higher than the military standard. From then on, I would know that boss you are not the average person.”
Fengyu was somewhat surprised, he could not help but laughed, he turned his head back and raised his hand and wanted to hit on his head, but only ended up to rub on Sheilor that black messy hair and said, “You are really a crazy guy, who would have thought to measure that thing?”
“Probably it’s the intuition?” Sheilor laughed happily, “I just felt that there is some speechless weird about that door, it happened that I just had a sum of money in my hand at that time, so I went to buy a set of fixed-sorting device, I got the weird once I gave it a measure.”
“Even the smallest sorting device can’t be inserted under the door, I’m just very curious, how did you measure it out?” Fengyu had the interest obviously.
“Uh…” Sheilor had a silence embarrassedly for a moment and then said, “I asked Levi for some helps, we took apart that café’s door in the midnight… Of course, in the same night, we installed it back again, I am not a thief.”
Fengyu couldn’t refrain from laughing, he asked, “But I installed the burglar alarm on that door…”
“That one was hidden in the sandwich glass?” Sheilor bowed down his head embarrassedly and replied, “I… Found it out at the first time, and also… took it apart.”
Fengyu fell into silence suddenly; he looked at the youngster sitting next to him quietly and hadn’t talked for a long time. Two years ago, Sheilor was only an autodidact who memorized hard all the technological processes and code standards through the library, he had already known how to tear down the burglar alarm which he installed, it seemed that the judge he had on the sofa previously was not wrong indeed.
A few heads of sturdiness buffalos, wrapping around the light congealed into by the twilight at this time, were wandering out from the woods slowly and came over toward the direction of the mine.
Sheilor and Fengyu two people stopped all the thinking and action at the same time, they just gazed at these few heads of buffalos in a daze, the eyes were sending out the sight called greedy.
“Uncle, we haven’t had any fresh beef for half a year already.” Sheilor swallowed the saliva down and sounded out to ask.
Fengyu stood up, he looked at the continuous and having no end metal separation net between the abandoned mines and the plain, his look was abnormal ugly, he said in a grieved tune, “In my this lifetime, hate two of the federal laws the most, one of them, that’s exactly that damned wildlife protection law.”
Sheilor endured his laughter; he looked up and asked, “What’s another one then?”
“The First Charter.”
After he finished these most arrogant words, he then brought Sheilor with him to walk toward the buffalos over the separation net there in a bold stance.


Chapter 9
The angry bull

In some sort of certain sense, the most severe in the federal laws, and also executed the most thorough two laws were the First Charter and the wild animal protection law, they were also the two laws the repair shop boss Fengyu hated the most.
The origin of the First Charter had already been far back and couldn’t be textual researched, even though it touched the most key regulation of the privacy protection, but in the hearts of the federal citizens, they seemed to have used to its existence and no one put forward any question. Perhaps hundreds of thousands of years of gentle civilization development, let many truth annihilated in the shadow of the history.
And the wild life protection law, was another puzzle of the federal history, a lot of social activists hadn’t understood, why in the federation, the position of the wildlife and the nature vegetation was far beyond the human being’s. In addition to the mining resources, the federal civilization was very limited for the reform to the planet surface, it seemed to have an invisible hand been driving this civilization to try getting along with the nature harmoniously more.
There were electronic fences on each planet, which would segment a lot of areas on the field outside of the city and would protect those wild animals safely. Any kind of poaching behavior, would all have the most severe punishment from the federal Management Committee. The problem was, this kind of getting along with each other couldn’t be harmonious, especially for Sheilor and Fengyu this kind of extremely like to eat meat guys— the couldn’t be eaten into mouth meat, how could it make them happy?
Although the synthesis foods had been able to achieve the very rich mouth feel and taste, but there were always those things people couldn’t erase in the instinct, which was to have the incomparable deep love for the natural ingredients.
“We must be very careful this time, we killed that buffalo half a year ago, the people of SOSBLM searched the whole black market once, that made the city didn’t have wild animal meat to sell for four days, fortunately there is no one knows that it was slaughtered by us, otherwise, I am afraid that we will be caught and put in jail for three months…” Sheilor followed uncle to walk toward the direction of the electronic fence cautiously, and he warmed with his heart still fluttering with fear.
“If SOSBLM is really so impartial and incorruptible… Cough, cough…” The repair shop boss coughed and said in sarcasm, he threw the cigarette butt underfoot and stepped it extinguished, then he said, “Then where those rabbit meat and lamb meat on the black market of the Bell Tower Street come from?”
“But what we killed is… the buffalo.” Sheilor still had the fear after the event, “There are several years no one dare to sell that thing.”
“We are not selling to the black market.” Fengyu waved his hand, he said resolutely and decisively, “Even if the SOSBLM caught us two, at most they would give us the suspended sentence.”
The full name of the SOSBLM was State Ocean and Space Bureau of Land Management, the name looked very terrible, but it was actually the special agency established by the federal government according to the wild life protection law, the authority was not small indeed.
…………
………… 
Across the electronic fence, looking at those at ease buffalo herd over the other side, the two men stopped their steps. The buffalos were not afraid of the human over the other side of the fence, when they were taking a walk, they often could see these poor bipeds shut in the fence, but they hadn’t had the intimate contact for many years. But today the head of the buffalo herd could feel the hostility which was sent out by the two humans over the other side, he lifted up his huge bull head vigilantly and arrogantly, the irritable meaning in its eyes was getting stronger and stronger.
Sheilor was still having some worries, but when he saw the provocative appearance of this buffalo at this time, he couldn’t help getting out his anger as well. He thought in his mind that he just only want to eat its meat, did it need to despise him like that? 
Only heard “Moo, Moo” several sounds, Fengyu learnt the buffalo voice to roar several times over the other side of the electronic fence in his mouth, the head of the buffalo herd was angered immediately, it dashed over at the electronic fence, then Fengyu ran at full speed along the fence with Sheilor, they kept leading this head of buffalo to a small hillside which was far away from the mine.
Sheilor ran out of breath, he had the admire to the extreme for the front that somewhat hulking figure. He thought that his boss was really a wonderful people, he even could provoke the buffalo incredibly, no wonder when he just knew him, he was often angered to not feel like eating.
…………
…………
Just right under that hillside, Fengyu spitted out two saliva, he stood akimbo over this side of the electronic fence and looked at the already worn out buffalo over the other side. He stared at the other side that digging ground cow hoofs and that two sharp bull horns, he said in pant, “Don’t be afraid, these buffalos were in captivity hundreds of thousands of years, they have already learnt the essence of the life, they don’t dare come to bump against this fence.”
Sheilor held the fence and nodded his head faintly and weakly, the electronic fences on the planets were all made with the heterogeneous steels, there were the management system chips configured inside, once the load-carrying capability was overweight, it will be activated and popping out the current automatically. It didn’t know how many years had passed by, the electronic fence didn’t fear the expose to the wind and the rain, it didn’t have any trace of rust and been collided, you can image its strong degree.
“The old rule, you go kill the buffalo, I will be on the lookout.” Uncle Fengyu gave the order in the nature of things.
“Uh…” Sheilor had already resigned himself to the fate, he walked down to the electronic fence with the tail between the legs, he touched the chip in the back of his neck subconsciously, he thought whether the electronic monitoring network here would pay attention to the small jump of a signal.
After all, he had already climbed over the electronic fence three times, so Sheilor didn’t have the worry like the most of the criminals, he had a deep breath and spitted two saliva on his palms, he became a monkey momentary, with matchless fast speed and extremely flexible gentle technique, climbed over the fence.
…………
…………
“Not bad.” Fengyu sat on the hillside and smiled to watch this scene, he turned over in his mind that if the official in charge for the recruitment test of the Ministry of National Defense was not a blind man, he could certainly see the strength of this youngster.  
And if let the people of the federal society, to know that someone could pass through this electronic fence which was called cry-wall by the black marketers directly without any electron decode, it would be afraid that they would be shocked to speechless. The federal electronic surveillances were everywhere, but why this youngster obviously crossed the boundary illegally, the chip in his neck didn’t send out the pulse, and the monitoring system had no response to it?
Sheilor didn’t know his this familiar jump, to the First Charter, to the federal society, would be what a destructive step. He didn’t even notice, in the hand of that military defector, the repair shop boss, there was a small instrument sending out the light blue light constantly, that covered them two people and that head of angry bull all in it.
The grassland was large, the buffalo would run of joy. Anyone once was cabined in the iron cage, he would feel angry.
Or rather to say, when it felt someone want to be harmful to itself, it would also feel angry. When Sheilor stepped both feet on the grassland gently, that head of angry dark brown bull dashed over at him with a rush, the long hair around the neck floated in the air to form the particularly heroic and vigor line!
Sheilor had some fears in his heart, his face turned a bit pale, but he was still staying calm, just when the sharp horns of the bull were about one meter away from him, his left ankle had a twist, his whole person fell down towards the left side, at the same time his right hand pointed at the bull that bulky body.
With “Zee” the flourish sound, the blue arc flashed, the bull had no way to resist the inertia. When it was brushing past by Sheilor that moment, it was hit by that small and exquisite but powerful military shock stick directly.  
With “Bang” the sound, the bull fell on the meadow, stirred up some dust and grass clippings. Sheilor walked towards it, he didn’t have any excitement on his face, but only the vigilance.


Chapter 10
The twilight is like blood

…………
…………
Sheilor had his own reason for the caution. In the previous few times of actions, he had already confirmed the electric shock stick in his hand could knock down human beings completely, but he couldn’t guarantee every time that he could let the intrepid buffalo to fold its hands for capture.
Today, the occurred fact also proved this point, when he approached that bull’s dark brown body, that was weak and limp on the ground bull suddenly spurted out the strong breath, jugged the ground with its four hoofs, the final outbreak of the whole body, as if it was shaken up from the ground by a huge force, rushed towards him.
Sheilor scaled back his pupils slightly, his look was slightly pale, it seemed that he was muddleheaded on site, that electric shock stick was still in his hand at the moment, it just only had the sharp blade tip stuck out from the front, it looked like the bayonet that the army often used.
In a twinkling, the fear of the youngster transformed into the powerful execution through the kidney harmonic secretion, in that very breathtaking moment, he turned his body aside. A brisk wind blew across his face, he strove to open up his that pair not-too-big eyes, watched the buffalo’s every action clearly in his own eyes, and then stabbed down the metal prick which was been holding in his right hand tightly!
Sheilor’s eyesight was very good, otherwise he would not have such fast speed in the repair aspect, and corresponding to this talent, his hands were also very stable, so the position where the thin and long metal prick was stabbed down on didn’t have the slightest shift.
…………
…………
The next moment, the bayonet had been brought away by that enormous physical strength, out of his that empty palm, and remained two inches under the fur on that bull’s neck… With a few drops of blood on.
With the sound “Bang”, the even electric shock stick couldn’t subdue bull, rushed passing by Sheilor’s side with the extremely fierce attitude, and then fell abruptly on the soil slope with the more determined attitude, shook up more dusts and grass clippings.
Sheilor carried the prick, looked at that head of fell on the ground heavily bull sillily, silenced for a long, long time, then his legs didn’t tremble any longer, and the healthy red color returned to his face once again. In previous that moment , he was really scared, because he didn’t think of today that this bull would have so exuberant vitality unexpectedly, in the effect of the remaining current, it still could dash so fiercely.
Silenced for a long time, he got close to the buffalo with the lingering fear, made confirmedly the death of it, and then pulled that dagger out from the cranium back of the bull with the extreme caution.
The sharp point of the bayonet had already wiped out the central nerve node part of the bull, the bull couldn’t bounce up to express its anger any more. Sheilor narrowed his eyes subconsciously, took a look at the blood to drop on the blade of that dagger, the liquid shined with the faint light in the murky and getting dark twilight. He didn’t have the irritability after the hint of the asthenia in his heart, and no any excitement as well, there was only a little fear and dodge.
“Whenever, Handle can be used for twice?” He turned his head back suddenly, shout at the repair shop boss on the other side of the electronic fence, The voice was full of the complaints and the angers.
Handle, that’s the name he made for this electric shock stick and dagger, the design of this metal weapon was very delicate, but it was only delicate, after one time charge, it could release the current only once, it couldn’t be mentioned in the same breath with the real military weapons, besides the curve of the handle was made suitable and smooth, and it let you to feel abnormally comfortable when you hold on it, Sheilor didn’t find any other place that could make him beckoned.
So he called it Handle.
If the electronic shock stick could release the current twice, then in the previous moment, he would not be so dangerous, no wonder Sheilor was so impolite to the teacher of the repair aspect and the designer of the handle uncle Fengyu.
…………
…………
There was a defect with the design of the handle, the strength of the output current was tuned up twenty percent intentionally, which leading to that it could be used only once.
The sitting on the other side of the electronic fence Fengyu knew all of this clearly, he could easily make up for the defect, but he had not told Sheilor straight forward, and he also didn’t go to accomplish it—Because he made a self-defense weapon like this for Sheilor to use deliberately.
From many years ago, Fengyu had been believing, if human depended on the machinery too much, no matter what kind of good thing, it would only block the peeping eyes of the possibility that human explored in the body and the universe. About these theories, Fengyu still had not had the plan to discuss with Sheilor temporarily, so after he heard the angry question of the youngster, he just had a smile, didn’t gave it an answer, but grabbed out that pack of paper-flat cigarette from his jeans instead, lit up one of it, and smoked it joyously.
Sheilor turned his head around down in the dumps and lowered his body.
Looked at the other side of the fence, in the dusk, the busy youngster, somewhere was touched in Fengyu’s heart. In fact, he was a very callous character, otherwise he would not fled to such a remote place like East Forest Region by himself alone. However, the merge of the warm light tune of the grassland and the dark night behind, that youngster in the red sunset, pared the cowhide, segmented the beef, and wiped the blood off from the palms on the clothes occasionally…
This was a very bloody scene, but it was also a scene full of aesthetic feeling of the life, all the lives on this world were moving between the death and survival. Fengyu stared blackly to hold the cigarette, looked at that waving the knife like dancing youngster, he couldn’t help thinking of the scene in the classical literature which he read many years ago, in the harvest autumn, the farmers harvested the crops to exchange their own survivals with the residual bodies of the plants, by the side of the tribal campfire, men and women were drinking the wine, holding the roasted animal limbs by the fire to gnaw and eat, very happy.
A trace of smile floated on Fengyu’s cheeks, this visibly moving smile with his grey hair, seemed to reveal his true age, there was a share of vicissitudes taste began to show out unintentionally.
He always felt Sheilor this kid was very interesting, because this kid seemed that he always put his own energy into that two ideals, and he didn’t notice the ability which he showed in other aspects at all. 
Such as the slaughter of the buffalo at the previous moment, besides the had special training people in the military, who else could kill that bull just with a dagger? Why there were so few wild beef to sell in the black market in these several years?
Fengyu thought of the question that Sheilor asked previously, the smile on his face couldn’t help getting richer, in the background of the strict firearm management of the federal government, which black marketer would dare to risk his life to hunt and kill the bulls?
This kid… Was very silly in some ways, hadn’t he found that when they angered that bull earlier, he himself and him could run faster than that angry bull? Hadn’t he felt that, he could kill a bull unarmed, this is the more proud achievement than repairing a TV?
“Fuck, fuck…” In the dusk, while Sheilosr was scolding the dirty words, he was enduring the discomfort to do the slaughter work. Finally he could not help it, he stood up akimbo and shouted at that smoking shameless middle-aged man, “there are still two hundred pounds meat without the bones, if you are lazy once again, when can we have the dinner?”
The all around talents which Sheilor this youngster expressed, actually in Fengyu’s eyes, were nothing at all, because in his this long life, how many real genius he had seen. But when he killed the buffalo, the calm and steady which Sheilor expressed was absolutely not conform to his age— Even though his legs were shaking by the fear, the face lost color, but he was still calm and steady— This was Fengyu the place most appreciated about him.
At the same time, it was also the most boring place Fengyu thought about this youngster. So, when he heard Sheilor scolded the bad language right now, he was somewhat happy instead, laughed like a wild lily, stood up, and patted on his own ass.
 

Chapter 11
How the first machine was made

…………
…………
The very bloody flavor beef was fried by the pan, cast on pepper and all kind of ingredients, began to send out the full-bodied fragrance of the ingredients themselves. The silver knife cut open the slightly crisp surface of the meat chunk, it’s different from the scene, which the “Handle” pricked into the head of the buffalo and the blood stormed out, even though this chunk of beef also came with some blood, but the more came out was the juice, which could make people to have the good appetite.
All the common federal residents who ate the synthesis food all year round, they had no resistance to this kind of natural food at all, not even to say the like-meat-as-life repair shop boss and the youngster Sheilor.
The wonderful dinner was over, Sheilor began to clean up the bowls and plates, put the rest of the beef and the viscera to hide into the very huge freezer in this operation room which was next to the mine, then he found himself had the rare leisure time, he didn’t know what to do for a moment. Stood in the room and had his mind blankly for a while, Sheilor took out a bottle of wine and two glasses from the drawer and walked out of the door, along the out of repair steel ladder, and climbed up to the grass on the top of the mine.
The repair shop boss Fengyu had been staring blankly over there for a very long time, he watched that last light disappeared between the sky and the earth, and then occupied by the darkness completely. Took over that glass of red wine passed from behind, Fengyu took a sip of it, said with a faint smile on his face, “please me with my baby, what do you want to ask me again?”
Sheilor carried the wine bottle to come to his side, along the uncle’s eyes looked at the far away grassland, the night had already deep at this time, he just didn’t know how spectacular the setting sun was previous that moment. He knew that the repair shop boss might have a lot of things to hold out on him, but he didn’t want to make cautious inquiriy about it neither, because in the wake of Fengyu, he just wanted to learn from the other party about the knowledge of machine maintenance, and he hoped by no means to be able to hear a compelling story.
Besides, everyone had his own secret, didn’t want to be bothered by others.
“Actually… I am not a fool.” Sheilor opened his mouth and spoke suddenly, he didn’t pretend to be very difficult intentionally, the wishing to speak but stop on a second thought appearance, was just having a brake in front of a certain important word habitually, exacerbating the tone. After his parents and sister died in that mine disaster ten years ago, in Sheilor’s lonely life, there seemed to be no what focus, so once he came up with the words occasionally, he always would only use this kind of clumsy way to express his emotion.
The youngster had his eyes narrowed in the dim light of the night, that seemed to be somewhat cautious. Actually he had already guessed something out. In these two years following Fengyu, besides for those knowledge of machine maintenance methods and practical abilities, the boss let him to pose that awkward posture and some daily physical trainings, there were a lot of oddballs…
Sheilor’s temperament was simple, unadorned and pure-heartedness, but that didn’t mean that he didn’t have the brain, it’s just only that he always thought that posture and those gymnastics, probably were the military training skills and so on, so he had been playing the fool all the time. Perhaps that could let his body stronger a bit? A good thing to himself, since the boss let him to learn, then he would learn.
However, he killed that buffalo today, he had some chills in his heart out of the air, the boss was just a fled out machine maintenance expert from the military, why the things he taught him, had such great powers? Surely didn’t mean that the things he taught him normally… Were the secret and not let out killing skills of the military legend?
“I never think that you are a fool, on the contrary, I think that you are a genius.” Fengyu took the glass away from his lips, his expression was calm, but the wrinkles on the corners of the eyebrows showed a hint of strange smile.
“I am not really a genius. I just don’t understand, what’s the use of these things you taught me?” Sheilor was somewhat helpless to look at Fengyu’s eyes,” he asked, “the machine maintenance sergeant examination of the Defense Department, doesn’t have the field operation ability included at all, I don’t want to waste my time on these things any more.”
Sheilor’s voice began to quiver, it seemed like that he was under some kind of unbearable pain and torture. Fengyu didn’t even feel like to take a look at him, he said calmly, “with your character, since you asked this question out, it seems like that you contradict to this thing very much… I just don’t understand, where doesn’t your conflict come from?”
Sheilor’s voice was still trembling, occasionally there were some heavy breath sounds on, he said angrily, “this is already the sixty-third year of the thirty-seventh Constitutional Calendar… The civilization of the human beings have already been developed to this point by now, what is the use that you still let me to practice on these things? No matter how fierce one person is, could it be said that he can contend against the mecha face to face? Could it be said that he can fly to the outer space and fight against the battleship?”
“I understand, you want to become a mechanic who can repair the mecha and the three systems of the battleship, so in your opinion, those cold metal machines, of course will be stronger than the such like ant individual human.” Fengyu replied grimly, “but you don’t forget, no matter what extent the human develop to, it is still the biological human after all, you are still in this body. This body is still your last resort for you to preserve your life, it’s the first sequence machine that you must understand like your palms, and operate it without any blockages.” 
“As for those what mecha, what battleship, those are just the more extensional things.” Fengyu closed his eyes slowly, “people can’t never hide in the mecha for life, you always need to have food, need to sleep, need to go to the toilet, you need to have sex, you need to have climax, you need to take shower… The time a man not wearing clothes even occupies one tenth of the lifetime, then what about the time that you are not in the mecha?”
Sheilor looked foolish after he heard about this, he always thought that there was no reason in his boss’s words, but it appeared a strange share of pettifogging reason which couldn’t be broken as well.
Fengyu drank down the rest of the wine in his grass in one gasp, he bowed down his head and smiled suddenly, “moreover, the present federation is having the energy shortage, perhaps the space battleships would be the universe garbage one day.”
“Mecha doesn’t need the crystal mineral, now the high-compression energy can support the action that the mecha has on the land.” Sheilor knew clearly that his boss was willing to say these many words today, only because he wanted to convince him, but he still confuted stiffly, “by the way… What the saving life, what the last body, I am not going to go to the West Forest to fight with those empire savages, I just want to make money as a mechanic, and be engaged in the job which I like at the same time, do I need to worry about these many things?”
“We are not discuss your future life, because it seems to me, it’s not likely that you can pass the examination of the Defense Department, perhaps you would spend your whole life to work for me for free.” Fengyu had a “Ha ha” laugh, and then the laughter was held back gradually.
“Think about the people on the Upper Forest of those three planets, think about those lasting thousands years families, or even those seven big families, why they would have that kind of respect to that old man and that old man’s students, so that for what? It’s not exactly because of the powerful force of that old man’s own physical strength?”
Upper Forest was the name of the Capital Planets Circle Region, the Capital Planets Circle was formed by three inhabitant planets, it was the most flourishing, the wealthiest, and the people life was the most ease place of the whole federal civilization. The so called seven big families, for the lived in the remote East Forest youngster Sheilor, it’s the unreachable old upper level existence. And that old man in Fengyu’s mouth…
“My real mama, you call the god of the army old man…” Sheilor didn’t know because of either pain or fear, his voice trembled extremely severe.
“Alright, you don’t have to squat the horse stance today, do the gymnastics one more time.”
Fengyu didn’t answer sheilor’s shocked words, he looked at the had already kept on standard horse stance Sheilor, he thought in his mind, even though this kid was in conflict with these things constitutionally, but he was particularly serious when he worked on things, besides him, which other teenage, could stand day after day, the horse stance test for two years?
“Pay attention to the breathing, relax your mind.” Fengyu stood up, calmly and sternly looked at the collapsed on the ground Sheilor, said it out one word by one word, “you need to feel it, and remember the most distressed trembling ways in your muscles, rather than thinking about how to forget it.


Chapter 12
The stiff dance
  
  …………
  …………
  The body was on the slope of the mine, facing the static night sky of the western, the dark faint red beast city was behind his body, the starlight on the vault of heaven of the East Forest Region was so bleak, it was like having an infinite gauze, shrouding on the top of the atmosphere. Just in such environment which light was thin and baffling like this, Sheilor’s fuzzy figure was kept proceeding the warping and stretching, in accordance with some namely settled routines, stretching the legs, twisting the waist, lowering the body, throwing the punches, turning the wrists, passing the elbows…
Fengyu watched along the side quietly and didn’t say a word. For more than one year, the youngster had already remembered this set of movements extremely fluent, he didn’t have any wrong place, even that dragging down inclined angle of the fingertip would not have a degree deviation.
This set looked like not complex movements, obviously, was not a gymnastics, because the routines appear somewhat scattered, and the movements were too slow, it was more like a kind of dance. The problem was that comparing with those famous dancers of the Upper Forest Music and Dance Troupe, however, this kind of dance appeared too stiff and raw.
The raw was not the smooth, but not ripe that kind. Sheilor’s movements had a kind of bloody, not roasted by the fire at all, and very difficult to chew the bones that kind of feeling.
Stiff was not the crudity, it was like the reinforced organic glass, which is used as the knife-bearing surface in the operating room; or like the endless stones under the grass on the East Forest plant, blindly hard, every movement was so crisp, clean-cut and clear.
When this “stiff and raw” dance was decomposed, it had roughly ten movements, every two movements would step out in the opposite directions. When Sheilor took back the stepped-out right foot seriously at last, squat down with a strange posture, this set of movements would be counted over completely.
It looked like that it’s not so complex, the amount of the exercise was not that a lot neither, but Sheilor’s face had been covered with a layer of hot steam, and exuded the blush in the night of the East Forest Region. The sweat drenched the back of his garment and dripped down along the skirt of the weskit. Thus it could be seen, the movements in just such a short time, had already let him to pay how much energy.
Sheilor breathed slowly, he couldn’t say a word out for a long time. The youngster that originally appearing thin body was like full of a stream of hidden but not launched power, the line was very beautiful. Nobody knew in a few years, when he would grow up completely, what kind of appearance of this body would look like.
Keeping silence was not just because of fatigue, but more because those more than six hundred muscles of the body were occupied by the sore feeling completely at the moment, that let Sheilor not willing to move even a little finger. Every myofibril seemed to be breathing, inflating and grinding at the moment— It’s like the friction between the metal and the porcelain stone, that made one to feel the pain on top of the world.
After the soreness, it’s the burst of completely spontaneous trembles, seemed like rose from the bottom of Sheilor’s heart, along the composed route by the muscle, nerve and those connective tissues, kept spreading out around, like beating the drum all the way, shocked his every subtle body, let the bared outside skin began to rise up the little bumps, then disappeared, it’s just like that there was an invisible power sliding on his skin.
The trouser legs began trembling up in the windless night, which covered the truth that his both legs were shaking without stop.
Sheilor didn’t understand why those muscles would emit heat by themselves, generated the illusion of friction. He didn’t even know, that’s because the myofibril of body was formed by two twined together filamentous protein originally. Of course, he wouldn’t also know why these muscles would tremble, what meaning it represented, what use it had… he just remembered the words which the repair shop boss had said, he might put these pains in his mind, he might remember the route of the sore and trembles.
…………
…………
Took off the full of smelly sweat clothes, had a bath, the refreshed and relaxed Sheilor slouched his head and climbed up above the mine once again, sat down by Fengyu’s side languidly, his look was somewhat pale, it looked like that he had just had a serious illness. Fengyu didn’t take notice at him, he just looked at the crystal screen on his laps optionally, the light blue light floated on his face, that set off a bit callous and feminine feeling on the face of this repair shop boss.
“The internal online could not confirm whether Paul Long had already recognized me.” Sheilor said with some exhaustion. Just in one glance, that familiar light blue interface had already let the youngster knew, the boss invaded the federal police system again today, last time he asked Levi that group of orphans to help on the Bell Tower Street, it was also because the above of the mine two people had already checked all the inside stories of the governor’s office and the police station clearly.
The could invade into the official internet system characters, of course would not be the simple people, just this looked like ordinary repair shop boss would occasionally bring Sheilor this kind of surprise in these two years, so he didn’t feel that it’s unexpected, it’s not pleasantly surprised anyway.
Sometimes Sheilor would also guess, what kind of blunder actually his boss violated in the military in those years, so that this kind of talent like him would also be an army deserter. In these two years, he had always had a kind of unreal feeling, he always felt that he met an outstanding character hiding in the marketplace, it’s like the drama which was played on the movie or the TV play, it’s really beyond belief.
The youngster didn’t want to inquire about the past of his boss, on the one hand, that’s because he really didn’t have the interest, he just wanted to learn the knowledge of the machine maintenance aspect, sometimes he would be vigilant and dread about the mystery of uncle Fengyu instead, he always felt that he had the feeling of entering the thief cave by mistake. On the other hand, that’s because Sheilor was able to watch people awfully— Besides the calm which Fengyu admired him the most, the orphan life let Sheilor form the ability of watching what others were doing and saying, he knew that the boss next to him looked like harmless, but there was the cold color which no one could wipe off in his bone.
In other words, Sheilor clearly knew that uncle Fengyu was a ruthless and cold-blooded person, he didn’t want to use his life to take a risk.
“The news department and the production department of the West River State TV station fought together, it looks like that the people behind the regional committee and the governor will have a fight too.” Fengyu looked at the characters and the pictures flashed on the crystal screen, he said with a smile, “Paul Long does not have the time inferior to self-care at this time, how could he think of you this little orphan?”
If the regular people heard the dialogue between these two people, they would probably be afraid of the thing, which these two men of the repair shop motivated the parade on the Bell Tower Street, would be hiding one of the great political conspiracy. But Sheilor knew it clearly, the middle-aged man by his side didn’t have any interest about these superior things at all. And they were just only the small potatoes themselves, they could stir up the troubles, but once they really touch these things, that would be the way to court death.
The familiar music sounded, the familiar appearance of that purple hair girl appeared on the crystal screen. The sitting on the slope middle age man and youngster stopped talking at the same time, began the most important leisure activities of every night, and accompanied with the waves of sound of saliva absorption and gasp in admiration.
Under the background of very light reddish night sky light, those invisible radio wave, signal and frequency intersect to shuttle back and forth unstoppably, the invisible lines became the different colors of the screen pictures eventually, went into the thousands of thousands of families of the East Forest Region, went into countless people’s eyes, and enriched their dreams.
A dark red line crossed over the night sky, with the faint roar of breaking air sound, it’s probably the lesser and lesser half-outer-space patrol of the military region. Several wild black cats, climbed back and forth in the natural rock tunnels beneath the electronic fence, they took the First Charter of the human being as nothing, came together towards the direction of the abandoned mine, and searched for the residue of food which those two humans left behind happily.
A wild cat held a few of the beef in its mouth, raised its head wonderingly, and looked at those two gathered together but still lonely silhouettes. 
…………
…………
In the other corner of the city, a group of approached together but still lonely orphans, were silently but with murderous looks walking on the way to kill people, the leader Levi put his hands in the pocket, held tightly that metal stick which gave him the strong confidence.


Chapter 13
The curtain was slowly pulled open

The time had gone by for a month, according to the wording of the Upper Forest people of the Federal Capital Planet Circle, the days should be the late autumn. On those novels, the late autumn should have the cold wind and the drizzles, the high and light sky, but to the people of the East Forest Region, the four seasons of this world always would be not particularly clear, perhaps those never entirely clear dusts above the atmosphere, let the whole planet become a strange glass house, the so-called late autumn, only let people put on one more clothes.
Sheilor had a light green coat on today, the style was a bit like the uniform, that put on a few vitality which a youngster supposed to have on his face. He was sitting outside of the repair shop’s show window on the Vanilla Avenue, it looked like that he had no intention, but he was actually watching the actions of the opposite side of the street alertly. 
Just right on the diagonal corner of the fourth street, it’s the building where the second police station of the West River State was. A wearing wind coat middle-aged man walked down the slightly wet steps with flagging interest, got into the car. The police around the car had the salute in succession, but the looks were somewhat sympathy.
Watching this scene, Sheilor’s mood relaxed a bit. He had already gazed at Paul Long for a month, it looked like that this deputy director was really frightened badly by the identity of the so-called federal agent, he didn’t dare to check the Bell Tower Street parade thing, or even Levi that group of orphans didn’t have any suppressed. 
Sheilor had the calmness far exceeding his age, and he had a kind of innate sensitivity for some things, he would never try to test whether Paul Long had already recognized him out, and then got close to the other party with another identity. He would never loosened the observation to the deputy director Paul Long because of the calm surface, he would just watch calmly with the very good patience, until all the things were really dead calm.
Although he was same as the repair shop boss, was the crazy backer of Jane Sue, but if only because of demanding to watch TV, then went to have a risk so great like this, it’s really inconformity to his character. But if not for the boss tempting him with the operation room, the thing about channel 23, he would only have a few sighs at most, and then went to buy several more Jane Sue’s CDs.
He had some fears, once he thought of that he’s fighting against the Governor Office, Sheilor would have the fear which was difficult to self-restrain. Especially when he thought of that night he was gazed at by Paul Long, even his crotch could not help to twitch a few times, this was the natural reaction when he had the fear to some certain degree.  
In that night, if not for his nimbleness of mind in dealing with the emergency, used two buttons to pretend to be the communication tools, frightened Paul Long with that military system electronic shock stick, he wouldn’t really know how to deal with that matter. That finger straightened at the electronic monitor in the night breeze was seemingly stable and arrogant, but actually he had the incomparable fear.
“Pretend to be a federal agent…” Once he thought of this point, Sheilor’s face would become somewhat ugly then, he lowered his head and said to himself, “I don’t like to pretend to be cool, I just want to be a good man.”
“To be a good man is much more difficult than to pretend to be cool originally.” The boss Fengyu just came back from the leisure center, he swept past by Sheilor’s side like a blast of wind, and went upstairs to rest.
…………
…………
In the last two years, sheilor didn’t show up in the repair shop on the Vanilla Avenue, he just conducted the repair work in the operating room of the mine, so in the eyes of Levi these orphans, he was equal to the daylight which was missed from the city for two years.
Until a month ago, Sheilor had finished that thing for Fengyu, Fengyu promised him to upgrade one tier of the free-from-dirt level of the operating room, however, this uncle had the laziness once again later, so he just simply brought Sheilor back to the repair shop, it’s also kind of introducing this young apprentice’s existence to the neighbors on the fourth street officially.
Since the boss had already come back, of course Sheilor would not need to gaze at the shop again. No matter how good the business the repair shop was, it still had its limit anyway. Although all the residents of the fourth block knew the workmanship of Fengyu and this young apprentice, but no one could bear Fengyu the speed that it took three months to fix even a TV screen.
Tightened up the buttons of the student uniform like dress on his body, Sheilor had a shout something at the upstairs, walked out of the shop, and got on the tramway on the corner of the street.
Hundreds of years ago, after the static high energy battery was invented, no matter the railroad or the trolley bus, all were free from the trammel of that two braids over the top, began to pass through freely in the city. Of course, generally the households would surely have their own transportation tools. And the rich people on those three planets of the Upper Forest Region, long time ago, they had already had…
Only the poor people, or the full of restored ancient ways and exquisite feelings people, would go on to take the tramway. Sheilor had the weakness of both, of course he would be the all year around passenger of the tramcar. He leaned on the door of the tramcar, looked at the city buildings flashed across in front of his eyes in a daze, couldn’t help having some regrets, he couldn’t hear the “Dang Dang” sounds which were in the literary works any more.
The terminal of the tramcar was the West River State university of the East Forest Region. After he got off the car, Sheilor didn’t throw the envy eyes on the deep and serene campus environment, but cut through the woods along the bounding wall of the university directly, and walked into the library.
He hadn’t gone to the school already, but he might keep on reading. First, it’s the request Fengyu asked for him. Second, it’s also his own desire. Besides most of the machine maintenance category books and the federal standard regulations, he liked to read all kinds of novels the most. Especially after he had the library card in the state university, he would even come to here once every day. It seemed like that there were countless beauties and the endless glorious future waiting for him in these books.
There was no adventure and no beauty in the library, Sheilor carried a lot of books and walked out of the library door, he didn’t have any depression look on his face, and then he saw an unexpected people in front of the state university’s school gate.
The hadn’t been seeing for a month Levi, showed up in front of Sheilor just like this. Looked at the orphan leader that somewhat haggard and tired face, Sheilor felt his lips a bit dry suddenly, he didn’t know what happened, so he asked him with the hoarse voice, “you don’t want to tell me, you have the ambition to enter yourself for the university examination.”
“I just only have the ambition to occupy the night of the whole West River State.” Levi’s voice was also somewhat hoarse, but his facial expression was not so nervous, so Sheilor’s heart relaxed a little bit.
“That thing you gave me… was confiscated by the second station. But you can just rest your heart, no one knows that belongs to me.” Levi had a lick on his dry lips, he had a fight with another gang for a whole night last night, and he was really somewhat tired.
Sheilor’s eyes lit up, it’s not the excited light, but the nervous light. The crotch began to twitch slightly uncontrolled, he felt the books in his arms getting heavier and heavier.


Chapter 14
The journey of an evidence (1)

“How do you know that I am in the state university?” Sheilor lowered his head and asked. Levi didn’t pay attention of the heavy mood of his companion, he said with a smile, “you enter into the repair shop, now a lot of people have already known, I think although this thing shouldn’t have any trouble, but it’s the thing which you work hard to make after all, I should let you know anyway.”
No trouble? Really? Sheilor asked himself about this in the heart, but he couldn’t find out what the answer was. There were some military system technology used in that electric shock stick, if the police station really wanted to look into it, would they check on him at the end, and then check on uncle Fengyu, so that they would uncover his identity of the army deserter?
He should be angry that Levi lost that electric shock stick, because this was the thing which he had repeatedly exhorted in advance, however, when he saw Levi that satisfied and tired face right then, Sheilor had his heart supple and didn’t say anything. He heard that in the past one month, Levi that group of orphans had been scrambling for the territory, and he was probably tired. 
The weapons went to the black market from the military should be a lot, that electric shock stick was hidden in the scroll crystal screen, although it was very ingenious, but it may be assumed that it won’t cause too much attention. Sheilor comforted himself in the heart like this, he patted on Levi’s shoulder and said seriously, “you just took yourself that you have never seen that thing before, but… It’s still those words, don’t always think about killing, you should get a real job in the future after all.”
“What else the decent jobs have in the East Forest now? Haven’t you seen today what the students paraded on the street to make the noise for? The unemployment rate has been to thirty percent, it has still not counted those elders who were arranged after the Crystal Mineral United company was bankruptcy.”  Levi had a touch on his that slightly curly hair, he said stiffly, “I want to be somebody, I don’t want to live on the welfare all my life.”
“Parade?” Sheilor had a shock, the East Forest Region always rarely had people who had the interest in politics, the last time that thing on the Bell Tower Street had already been counted as a big event, how come there were students not studying nicely, but going to the parade instead.
“A lot of people went to watch the scene of the bustle, it is said that it was organized by the veteran association.” Levi took over the heavy books from his hands, walked down to the street, and explained at the same time, “as if it’s said that the election of the Capital Planet Circle had something wrong, the opposition party thinks it’s unjust, so it organized the big parade in the whole Federation.”
“Oh.” Sheilor was worrying in his heart at the time, he answered with a sound very casually.
He and Levi these orphans knew nothing about the political aspect, stayed at a respectful distance from it, didn’t want to touch it, and didn’t even had any interest in it. Although there were inequities really existed in the federal society, for example, the upper class of the society led by the seven big families, they always possessed all the things nicer than the ordinary people had, those gloomy oppressions were always hidden under the promising coat of the law and justice… But what the relation it had with them? They this life exactly grew up in the inequity originally, they had already gotten used to it, and it’s hard to get their blood warm.
Got back to the repair shop on the fourth block of the Vanilla Avenue, Sheilor told his boss Fengyu the news, about which the electric shock stick was intercepted by the police with some hesitations. To his surprise, uncle Fengyu didn’t have any worries, it seemed like that he felt his that defect military mechanic identity wouldn’t be exposed definitely.
The truth was such like this indeed, in the next more than ten days, except for the shock by the federal parade in the East Forest Region, there was nothing new happened. There were military system weapons used in the gang fights, this could be just the small thing happened in the federal society any time and any place, no important person would have the free time to cast the sight on this small repair shop.
However, Sheilor still would be cautious, he always felt to have a kind of feeling which made him hard to be peaceful, he always felt that the went to the police station electric shock stick would bring him some kind of trouble, but he just didn’t know whether this kind of trouble would be big or small, so he began to enhance the practice of that set of movements on his own, he often came back to the mine to accompany with those wild cats, and then he kept doing the stiff dance.
One day, Fengyu looked at the sweating him and said with the irony tone, “don’t you always think that the individual physical strength is no use in front of the metal machinery?”
Sheilor closed his eyes to feel the tremble of every muscle in his body, and those trembles were having the more and more apparent trend, he was trying to find out the real effect of this tremble. He bit his teeth and replied with the shiver voice, “until now, I still haven’t changed my mind, but the problem is, once the police station really come to catch us, and you don’t have the money to configure the mecha for me… Of course, even I have the mecha, I still don’t know how to use it neither. Besides to get myself a little bit stronger, what kind of way else could I have?”
“You are still worrying about that electric shock stick?” Fengyu wrinkled his eyebrows, he didn’t understand why this child would be inborn so timid and overcautious, he said with smile suddenly, “don’t forget that chip behind your neck, in the splendor of the First Charter, if the police station really want to arrest you, where can you escape to? Surely it doesn’t mean that you want to go to Bermuda to be the refugee, or go to the empire to be the betrayer?”
Throughout the whole federal society electronic monitoring network, theoretically to say, could achieve to control all the occurrence of the criminal behaviors. Sheilor wasn’t flustered after he heard these words, he said seriously, “the gangs are still existing, you this military fugitive are still alive nicely, I believe that you must have your way.”
“It’s really a whacker tone indeed, if someone in this world can remove the chip from the body and not alarm the federal monitoring network, then he surely could get the Nebula Award.” There were some taunts in Fengyu’s smile, “you just had your sixteenth birthday last week, how come you become so cautious, you are even more excessive than me this half old man, it’s really very ridiculous.”
Sheilor recriminated, “don’t you forget your that full mouth of rotten teeth, just for the new dental record, not arrested by the government and the military region, you paid the horrific price like this, you still have the nerve to taunt at my discretion.”
Fengyu could not help but shook his head, and he didn’t refute.
…………
…………
It’s getting calm day by day, even Sheilor began to think whether he himself was too timid. The two people of the repair shop didn’t know, just in this same city, there was one man same as them, fell into some kind of agony. This man was the deputy director Paul Long of the second police station, since he let the Governor Office got into the awkward situation a few months ago, his influence in the police station was greatly weakened.
“It needs to file a report incredibly even just to ask for an evidence, and it incredibly took two months to examine and approve for this report.” The deputy director Paul Long looked at the metal shaft in the vacuum bag which was on his desk, he laughed with a self-mockery. With his position, if it were before, there were no need to have these troubles.
Once he thought of this, the hate to those orphans was getting thicker in his heart. If not for that event happened on the Bell Tower Street, his asking for transfer report should have already been approved, and his family in the Capital Planet Circle also couldn’t go so far as to show no interest in him for this long. But these days, he had been afraid to revenge on those orphans, because he was not so clear, the face covered by the hat that night, whether was a real federal agent.
Wearing the gloves, took out that metal shaft from the bag, Paul Long narrowed his eyes, looked at the delicate current generator inside, thought to himself, what’s the relationship between this and the electric shock stick that federal agent held. Even though there were a lot of this kind of military system weapons wandering about destitute in the black market, but the price was very expensive, those orphans should not have this kind of financial resources.
Silenced for a long time to think about this, the deputy director Paul Long decided to keep investigating on this thing. Of course, he would not dare to investigate by himself, but aimed at this electric shock stick, he would like to have it confirmed, whether there were really the federal agents went into the West River state.
In the Capital Planet Circle, the deputy director Paul Long had several comrade-in-arms in the research institutions, they should be able to help him out for this. Filled out the recipient address on the cover of the public affairs mail, the deputy director Paul Long commanded the secretary to take out this evidence, and mail it to the identification branch of the Seventeenth Research Institute in the Upper Forest Region.
This lost power and influence deputy director just wanted to make this thing clear in the instinct, but he didn’t expect, his this little trick, however, would have what kind of tremendous influence to the future of the Federation.


Chapter 15
The journey of an evidence (2)

The civilization of the human beings, no matter in which time period, in which space, whether having the history record, as long as once after the social structure was taken shape initially, would inevitably fall into surround ring upon ring of the bureaucratic breath. The having more than ten inhabitant planets and more vast resource planets Federation was no exceptional. Even because of the numerous population, the territory expanded to the outer space, let this kind of bureaucratic breath appear a bit thicker.
An official business mail package sent from the second police station of the West River state capital of the East Forest Region, just surrounded by this kind of bureaucratic breath, was on its long journey. Right, before it set out, it went through the stamps of three departments in the West River state, had two rounds between the aviation department and the back office, and then got on the spaceship to the Capital Planet Circle.
Three months later, this official mail package came to the administrative planet of the Capital Planet Circle, which was also the place called the Upper Forest by the federal people. It lied in the clean storage case quietly, sat on the corner of the car silently, left the airport, all the way went by the express elevated road between the green woods and the beautiful buildings, lasted four hours, and came to a governmental agency outside of the capital.
The transmit-receive department of the federal Seventeenth Research Institute signed on the receipt, and then classified this package, put it onto the document auto-transmission bell, with the slight noise of the machine, the package got through the tunnel in the interlayer of the walls numbly, and entered into an office with plenty of light.
A deputy director of the department saw this package on the table, he pushed his glasses curiously, looked at that strange address on it, wrinkled his eyebrows and thought for a long time, and then he thought of these somewhat familiar handwritings were written from one of his faraway comrade-in-arms.
“That old Paul have been in that damn place for more than ten years, I am afraid that he have stayed there to be muddled.” The deputy director thought like this in his heart, he received the E-mail from the deputy director Paul Long three months ago, only he had already almost forgotten the seriousness which the other party entrusted this thing.
“How come the evidence of the police station needs the institute to identify? How much money would it be cost to mail from the East Forest? This boy is not afraid of when the committee audited, said that we waste the fortune of the taxpayers…” The deputy director shook his head with some headaches, and pressed on the calling device on the office table.
A wearing silver glasses researcher came in, he had the grey hair, it looked like that he had been in the Seventeenth Research Institute for long enough. This middle-aged researcher looked at the deputy director fawningly, he asked, “director, what do you want me to do?”
“Well… Here’s an evidence sent from the East Forest Police Headquarter, the identification request is also in the package, you take it to the lab to take a look.” The deputy director said the words casually.
The middle-aged researcher had a glance at the official mail package, found out the inscriber on it was not the East Forest Police Headquarter, but the second police station of the West River state, he understood in his heart immediately. According to the level of the state police station, it’s hard to have the qualification to request the identification of the Seventeenth Research Institute, it looked like that the deputy director accepted the private request. But since the other party went through the official channel, of course he would be not convenient to ask anything else.
“What aspects do you want me to identify?” The middle-aged researcher took down the glasses from his nose bridge, had a look at the mail package earnestly, and asked for instructions, “is there a time limit?”
“No.” the deputy director waved his hand, thought of the content in that Email, he said, “the main point is to compare the workmanship, see whether it has any connection with the Secret Service or the military… The country folk of the East Forest there quite worried about that this thing was out-flowed from the military.”
The middle-aged researcher had a smile, didn’t say anything, and turned around to walk out of the room.
The next day, he returned to the office, reported to the director about the identification result for yesterday, “there are no coding for the core materials, it shouldn’t be out-flowed from the military, but the workmanship really has some relationship with the military, we estimated that it is the replica from the Bermuda there.” 
“Well.” The director asked, “anything strange about it?”
“No.”
…………
…………
Just like this, the deputy director Paul Long’s not reconciled identification request process went through. After he had the formal reply of the Seventeenth Research Institute, this deputy director still couldn’t confirm whether that figure in that night was the federal agent. 
And that identified metal electric shock stick, was repackaged with the package box and the identification request report together, and put into that extremely large underground storeroom of the Seventeenth Research Institute. Its historical mission seemed to be ended in this moment, in accordance with the relevant regulations of the federal evidence, if there was no anything big unexpected happened, its this life was bound to stay in this gigantic gloomy dark and secluded storeroom quietly, couldn’t have the way to get out anymore, and until being forgotten gradually.
One day, two days. One month, two months. It watched lonely those partners with the similar fates as its around it, it didn’t know how long it would be staying over there, fortunately the condition of the federal departments were not bad, the work of the dust removal was done very well, it didn’t need to worry about that it would be covered with the dust of the history and the annoying cobweb.
The long river of the time took two steps forward silently, it was the spring of Constitution Calendar’s sixty-fifth year, it had been two years since this electric shock stick came to the Seventeenth Research Institute of the Capital Planet Circle, a thin hand picked it up again suddenly.
Chandler, a student just graduated from the National Upper Forest University, passed through the federal recruitment difficultly, got into the Seventeenth Research Institute, and then was sent to the storeroom to have the management by project. This still having passion new staff, obviously, was not eroded by the trite bureaucratic breath, he still maintained the curiosity to the things.
He had already been in this storeroom for forty days, he was having the reediting work for all the evidences, and then he saw that transparent vacuum bag and that metal shaft inside of the bag.
“The crystal screen could hide an electric shock stick inside, it’s somewhat significance.” Chandler had a smile, then began to have the registration work. But after he had finished the registration, he didn’t put the evidence back to where it was, because he liked to make some small things out by himself in the school, right now he thought that this evidence was very interesting, so he had the interest to have the research on it.
With the development of the research, the federal agency had the identification on the evidences once again, it’s a very common thing, just nobody would be willing to do this kind of extra work without the overtime pay.
Three days later, the eyes full of fun Chandler completed a thesis, and he put this thesis on the website of the Research Institute. The title of this thesis was <<The Structure Character of The Evidence Number: AW3278>>, of course, such a boring thesis would be sunk to the bottom instantly and didn’t draw any attentions.
…………
…………
The federal administrative capital had an especially quiet area; there was a highest safety level department of the federation. On the balcony of this department, you could see the buildings of the Capital Central Management Committee and the President administrative office from distance. But those dressed in black suits and walked in a hurry employees, nobody would ever cast the envious sights on that side.
Because they were the staffs of the Charter Bureau, they were responsible for the most glorious mission of the federal society.
In the core area of this building, in the spacious room, a two dimensional information display screen kept flashing in the midair, the most advanced search ability of the human civilization, let the frames to flash across on the screen with a kind of terrifying speed, nobody could see the contents on it with the naked eye, except for the performing calculation and search central control computer itself.
The countless data of the federal society flowed to here and were sorted and analyzed, whether the fights among all the political parties, or the offensive trend of the rebels, all kinds of information would crowd in. Of course, now the most key intelligence was on the West Forest Region there, nobody knew whether the Empire people would start the war again.
Suddenly, the frames on the screen became to slow down, it stopped at a picture, it’s a snapshot of the picture, it’s a thesis written by a researcher. And then the screen showed the storage location of that number AW3278 evidence.
The alarm began to sound in the strictest Charter Bureau of the federal society.


Chapter 16
The will of the great personage 

…………
…………
“Dee Dee, Dee Dee!”... The gentle but full of urged meaning alarm bell resounded through the whole Charter Bureau, those dressing in the black suits working staffs looked up in surprise, watched the crystal screens on every direction in the building. Besides the sudden attack of the Empire last time, the Charter Bureau hadn’t given out the level 1 command for a long time, what exactly was the matter?
In the alarm sounds, the picture of the central computer screen began to flash again, the print copy of this thesis and its analysis about this thesis, had already been sent to the office desk of the director of the Charter Bureau. The alarm bell had shocked the whole Charter Bureau, but didn’t let this old man had any change on his face, he took a look at the content of the document coldly, he had the corners of his mouth warped up a bit.
“Disappeared for twelve years, still showed your tail out finally.” The director of the Charter Bureau was not shocked by the name on that document, in his this long life, nobody knew how many great events he had already seen. The director handed the document to the civil official by his side, he stood up to give the order, “notice the President Office and the Ministry of the National Defense.”
The civil official was an middle-aged man, he took down the wind coat from the clothes rack, put it on his boss’s body, and had the slight shock in his heart. The rang through the whole Charter Bureau alarm bell, had already proved that the current situation was judged as the first sequence event by the central computer, but the director seemed to not really care about it at all. But if he didn’t care about it… Then why he would want to notice the President Office and the Ministry of the National Defense.
The director of the Charter Bureau leaned slightly on the stick, walked to the outside of the Charter Bureau along the quiet and secluded passageway. The civil official followed behind him silently, his eyes swept a glance on that document quickly, and then he saw that name on it.
Yufeng? Yufeng!
The eye pupils of the civil official narrowed immediately, he thought of that war more than ten years ago, and one of the most startling events in that war. After all, the central computer had already found the whereabouts of Yufeng, no wonder that the director wanted to notify the President Office and the Ministry of the National Defense immediately.
In that very year, the former president swore in front of the camera of the Federal Television Station, he would be sure that he would catch this betrayer who colluded with the Empire, and cost the lives of more than ten thousands elite soldiers, he would bring him to justice. But the Ministry of the National Defense had to bear the incomparably enormous pressure, because the army came up with such a defected soldier like this who couldn’t be remitted. If let them know that the mechanic Yufeng were still alive, he still lived in perfectly good condition in a block of the East Forest Region, it’s afraid of the only one thing that the whole military would get their anger up.
Through the portable communication equipment, noticed the President Office and the Ministry of the National Defense, the middle-aged civil official stepped forward a few steps, he came to behind the director and said in a low voice, “the meeting will be at two o’clock in the afternoon.”
“I have an appointment to play golf with somebody this afternoon.” The director waved his hand, leaned on the cane and kept walking forward, the footsteps didn’t even have a pause, “the Charter Bureau had already found that mechanic out, as for whether the Ministry of the National Defense send the army, or the President send the agents of the Secret Service to go to arrest him, what’s the relation with us? You go to represent for me to the afternoon meeting.”
The middle-aged civil official had a stare blackly, his position now was only the director assistant, if according to the secret meeting of the Charter Bureau’s first command level, he didn’t have the qualification to represent the Charter Bureau to give an oral instruction. But he didn’t express any objection habitually, he would not even criticize the director intrepidly that he would just think of playing golf in this kind of situation, he just replied calmly, “yes, understood.”
Respectfully watched the director that aged but still tall and straight silhouette disappeared in the corner, the middle-aged civil official then stood his body straightly. For the calmness or even the not concerned about himself with it at all that the sir director showed out at this moment, and the disregard to this afternoon’s joint conference, all of these wouldn’t let him feel strange. Because he knew it clearly, as the director of the Charter Bureau, he had enough qualification to look over the aides and staff of the President Office and the officials of the Ministry of the National Defense, let alone the family behind the aged director, even in the seven big families, also belonged to the longest history and the most respected by the masses of the people that one.
The director of the Charter Bureau got on the battery car after he walked to behind the building, threw his cane to his secretary, took a look back at the building which he had already stayed in for many years, and suddenly had a trace of doubt and uneasiness in his mind. That named Yufeng mechanic, was really the most famous betrayer in the last three hundreds years in the Federation. But this kind of thing, it should be alright just needed to send a letter to the already accumulated anger for more than ten years the Ministry of the National Defense, but why would the central computer issue the level 1 command?
There was the inquiring meaning in director that pair of deep and calm eyes, in the eyes of the superior big shots of the Federation, no matter what kind of things the mechanic Yufeng did, which were against reason and nature or earthshaking, he would be still an unimportant person. He didn’t want to waste his thought on this thing anymore, and he didn’t want to ponder over it anymore.
Just not long after he left the Charter Bureau, in the strictest central control room of the Charter Bureau, that light curtain still kept flashing, in that empty room, it appeared a share of strange taste. There was a line of small words disappeared once it appeared on the bottom of the light curtain. There was no any record, that line of small words was written like this:
“The level 1 target, back into the field of vision.”
…………
…………
Twelve fifteen of the afternoon, a row of all black cars entered the Seventeenth Research Institute of the capital suburb, in the stupefied eyes of those wearing glasses researchers, the FBI working staffs blockaded the storeroom, brought that just graduated from the university not long ago named Chandler researcher to have the investigation, that number AW3278 evidence was also sealed carefully, and the deputy director who handled this matter also was brought into a black car helplessly.
At two o’clock sharp in the afternoon, a small meeting was held at the third floor of the Charter Bureau. The representing to attend the meeting middle-aged civil official sent out the files, to the officials in charge of every department who had already known the fact of this case, then he said calmly, “the central computer sent out the level 1 command, although it’s the analysis of the machine, but it still has some reasons in it. Although the case have already passed more than ten years, but the Federation would not allow any criminal to escape the punishment of the law absolutely, moreover what Yufeng made is the treason felony.”
A colonel of the Ministry of National Defense said with the gloomy face, “this is the shame of the army, the minister has already made it clear, this case must be directed by the Ministry of National Defense.”
“It’s not the problem that who should direct.” The President Office only sent an intermediate official to attend the meeting today, he looked at that colonel of the Ministry of National Defense and said seriously, “the key is to catch that guy, the President still doesn’t know about this thing temporarily, the security counselor considered, since this mechanic was the top student of the Military Academic in those years, he should have a lot of friends in the military, and also because of these relationships in those years, that let him ran away… This time the arrest action, still should be handled by the Secret Service, assisted by the Ministry of National Defense.”
“The purpose of everybody is consistent, we don’t need to spend too much time to debate on this. Why don’t we just come to take a look at the action plan drawn out by the Charter Bureau for this?” The middle-aged civil official pressed on a button calmly, the project plan was shown on the extra large screen on the wall.
“Although this mechanic is just a small fish, but if we want to catch him and bring him back to the capital to have the stand trial, it’s also not an easy thing, the central computer recommended… This action would be completed by the Fourth Military Region of the West Forest, and assisted by the police general office of the East Forest.”
“The Fourth Military Region?” The colonel of the Ministry of National Defense nodded his head, he was very satisfied with this arrangement. Since it’s the recommendation of the Charter Bureau, he thought that the President Office shouldn’t also have too many objections, “what should we do if we encounter the resistance?”
That official of the President Office said with the gloomy face, “this mechanic is not only the shame of the military, he is also the shame of the whole Federation. If we encounter the violent resistance to the arrest, shoot to kill.”


Chapter 17
When faced with guns

…………
…………
A huge commercial spaceship suspended in the boundless universe, the light silver exterior and the extremely streamline aesthetic feeling appearance, let this spaceship became that most brightest star in the star sky, it looked down at the planet below serenely and gracefully.
The interstellar travel was very expensive today because of the shortage of the energy crystal mineral, this spaceship came from the Antique Bell company of the West Forest Region, nobody knew it attracted how many eyes of the officials and the residents of the East Forest Region. Besides the routine business activities, the Antique Bell company even brought the friendly greeting and the relevant official visit affairs from the West Forest Region.
But including those visiting scholars and officials of the West Forest Region, up to the most of the big shots of the East Forest Region, they didn’t know it clearly, behind the engine control room of this commercial spacecraft, there’s a huge warehouse hidden, there were a large number of goods covered by the military green tarpaulin, didn’t know what kind of things they were.
Lake was the headman of the special mecha squad of the Fourth Military Region, he was just over thirty years old, and he was in the peak form of the physical strength. He looked down at that planet through the porthole, his face was firm and persistent, and his eyes were full of impassive confidence.
About the secret task of the mecha squad in this trip, besides him, not many people knew about it, even those with outstanding military exploits squad members, they also didn’t know about what was going on behind the scenes clearly.
Mechanic Yufeng… This was really a name which made people to have the profound recall.
Lake narrowed his eyes, he thought of that explosion more than ten years ago. He was just only a new recruit right then. He followed the counter-offensive troop of the Federation, successfully had a risky space-jump, and attacked and occupied one of the abdominal resource planet of the Empire. But nobody knew, this was a trap set by the Empire, countless empire soldiers flocked to come in great numbers by the battleships. And the explosion of the munitions depot destroyed more than ten thousand lives of the federal troops directly, and it also destroyed the confidence of the federal troops!
If not the Charter Bureau found out what the cattiness role, which that named Yufeng mechanic had played in this big explosion in the end, and also it was this named Yufeng mechanic who handed all the defense forces deployment to the Empire side… It was afraid of only one thing that the Federation were still enduring in the painful suffering, and didn’t know about where that defeat came from.
It’s really a damn… No, should died ten thousand times shameless guy. Lake thought in his heart like this, but as a federal soldier, he even thought of that he should arrest this mechanic by himself personally, and then sent him back to the Federation, and brought him to trial in front of tens of billions people. But the somewhat weird thing was… The most beginning accepted secret order from the Ministry of National Defense was to arrest this guy clearly, he could shoot to kill if he were in case in the situation of resistance. But the second day after he arrived above the sky of the East Forest Region, he received a new command again— Put this betrayer to death directly.
This command was sent from the highest level intelligence channel directly, so Lake didn’t have any doubt, or even didn’t have any thought to resist. He put on the sunglasses, looked at those flashing on the lens pictures and words, and warped up the corners of his mouth slightly.
The first degree escapee Yufeng, alias Fengyu, hid in a repair shop on the fourth block of the Vanilla Avenue in the West River state capital of the East Forest Region, he lived by repairing the electrical appliances. Lake had his warped up mouth corners straight gradually, the information about this mechanic, he had already known more than enough, his social relationship was also all in the information, but he just had something not understood, this dared to betray his country mechanic, why he would hide in the East Forest Region for more than ten years, but not chose to go to the Empire to enjoy the rest of his life.
Confirmed the last time where the location this mechanic was in the East Forest Region, Lake turned his body around slowly and spoke to more than ten squad members behind his back coldly and detachedly, “All the social relationships of the target are all under the monitoring of the East Forest police, what we need to do is… To kill him.”
“Yes, sir.” The more than ten squad members replied agilely, that made the whole cabin to reverberate a share of killing meaning. Lake took off his sunglasses, pressed on the transmitter in his hand, a stream of radio wave was sent to the East Forest Region. From this moment on, the police general office of the East Forest Region would begin to clear away the outskirts, the East Forest local garrison would have the direct order from the Ministry of National Defense and coordinate with the action of their this group secretly.
“Don’t underestimate your opponent, the information you are reading now is not complete, this named Yufeng mechanic never achieved straight A’s in the Second Military Academy, but… That’s because he’s not a student at all! He is the first military instructor of the Military Academy without any learning experience in history!” Lake looked coldly at his those subordinates who were reading the information about the target for the first time, and he said maliciously, “the Federation dispatched one hundred scouts to arrest him in those days, but still let him slipped away. If anyone of you dared to be careless, I would shoot you to death directly by myself.”
After he finished these words, he walked to in front of those green military tarpaulins, took a deep breath, exerted himself to open the tarpaulin, and revealed underneath those strange configuration but full of metal killing smell… Mechas! 
“Set out.”
…………
…………
The coffee shop around the corner was playing the soothing piano music, the smiling all over the face to the extent so that the eyes were almost disappeared Sheilor, strolled on the Bell Tower Street accompanied with the tune, and he called the neighbors friendly at the same time. It really should be called stroll this word, because his tiptoes seemed to jump in some kind of dance, it’s totally not like his previous that sincere and honest appearance.
The time had already passed two years, there was nothing changed for the lives of the East Forest Region residents, the coffee shop didn’t have any change, the bar didn’t have any change, it seemed to leave no any traces on this city by the elapse of time. However, Sheilor had already changed a lot, he was the same as that purple hair little girl who was in the faraway Capital Planet Circle, they were all grown up two years. Only the fans of the whole Federation would pay attention to Jane Sue’s birthday, but Sheilor’s growth, nobody would be concerned with.
Besides himself, in these two years, he was in the wake of the repair shop boss, learnt the knowledge about the machine maintenance aspect, brought countless books back from the state university to enrich his own brain, stood the “horse stance” every night, leaped with the stiff dance, even the slowness like him would also know, his own body now was getting more and more like the first machine in Fengyu’s mouth, more and more… Obeying his own command.
In the last two years, the residents of the Bell Tower Street and the Vanilla Avenue all knew that there was a kind-hearted, honest, studious and laborious youngster in the repair shop, but Sheilor himself didn’t have any special feeling, he just lived his life honestly, usually he would give his hand whenever the neighbors needed some helps. But the reason why he was so happy today, that’s because for the sergeant recruiting examination of the Ministry of National Defense, he had already passed the writing exam successfully, and had entered into the second round of the recruiting process. He just drank some black market beers with Levi to celebrate for this.
Once he thought of that he could join the army, get into the Capital Planet Circle to study, Sheilor felt that he had one step closer to his ideal life, so he had the rare pleasure and showed it out. He then saw an old man who was afraid of the sparse traffic, so he just let the nature take its course to go forward to hold the arms of him.
“Let me carry you to the other side.” Sheilor said with a smile. 
And then he walked across the street, in the alley to the repair shop, he found that he put himself into the danger.
A group of wearing standard helmets, dressing in dark color silk ceramic body armors, and arming whole body soldiers surrounded him completely, a share of horrific iron-blood smell appeared extremely soul-stirring in the quiet environment.
The dark, spooky and hard gun barrels aimed at Sheilor’s head, one of the closest that one poked on his temple directly, it made him felt extremely painful.


Chapter 18
The silence of a small potato 

Because of the existence of the space dusts, the sky of the East Forest Region would never have the bright, beautiful and dark blue like the painting picture. Of course, it’s also hard to have the blazing sun to let people feel dazzled. But right at this moment, Sheilor thought that he was shined dazzled by the sun. Otherwise, in the same quiet as yesterday alley of the Bell Tower Street, how come there were a large group of ferocious, armed to the teeth and cold like the knife soldiers? The more absurd thing was, why would these soldiers put the muzzles to aim at him?
A wearing black cotton mask soldier seemed to say a few words to him, but the words became the buzzing sounds after they got into Sheilor’s ears. Because he didn’t regain the consciousness at all, he opened his mouth numbly and looked at all the things around him muddleheaded.
With “Bang” the sound, a soldier hit him in the head with the gunstock ruthlessly, a stream of blood flowed out, Sheilor had his body a shake, he didn’t fall to the ground, but the fishy smell of the blood and the pain on the left head made him woke up, he made sure that he himself was in a very absurd scene, a group of heavily armed soldiers… were aiming at him with the guns!
The still pointing at the temple that barrel was incomparably ice-cold and hard.
Sheilor was born calm and staid, but he still was just only a seventeen and a half years old orphan after all, when facing the near at hand muzzle, thought of maybe one of the casual movement by him, probably would let his good head to be shot to a lousy messy half watermelon by the metal bullet from the barrel, he then felt tremble with fear, so he shuddered and shivered, the crotch place had the spasm like the current passed through, not bad… he didn’t wet his pants.
“Name?” The buzzing sounds in the mouth of the been impatient soldier finally became the clear and bloody question closely, Sheilor answered with the trembling voice subconsciously, “Sheilor.”
A flat metal detector reached to behind Sheilor’s neck, stuck closely to his skin, a blob of came from the heart chill made his skin arose countless small protuberances once again. In the “Dee Dee” sounds, in the shortest time the data collector read the chip data in his neck, sent back to the data analysis base, confirmed his identity and all the file record from the day one since he was born.
“The target 2 confirmed.” That questioning soldier spoke the words in the communication device coldly, and then grabbed Sheilor’s hair, pushed him into an armored vehicle behind the entrance to the alley with extreme violence.
Sheilor didn’t have any struggle, because he knew that the struggle was useless. Although the showing physical strength of that grabbing him soldier was not stronger than those buffalos at all, but the deterrent force of those more than ten cold barrels around him were really too big. He didn’t shout for help neither, he always wanted to pass the sergeant examination of the Ministry of National Defense in these years, he had certain kind of understanding about the army, of course, he could tell it out clearly, these silent and devastated soldiers were true soldiers, rather than those bold and dared to pretend to be the federal troops kidnappers.
But he still really felt insulted, because he was clenched the hair and pulled on the ground, this thing itself was a very insulting position.
Just in a very short time, the blood full of face Sheilor had already determined what these soldiers came for, it looked like that the identity of uncle Fengyu had been exposed. But uncle Fengyu had already hidden in this city for more than ten years, but why he would be found the trail by the federal military suddenly? And he was just only a mechanic fled out from the army, but why he would attract so many heavily armed soldiers to come to arrest him?
The responding for the arresting Sheilor was the garrison of the East Forest police, after they pulled this youngster into the car, tightened his wrists with the special plastic bracelet directly, covered a layer of black cloth on his face, and then paid no attention to him any longer.
The military car moved, Sheilor felt a burst of burning pain on his wrists, the wound on his forehead was still running out the blood. Such rough treatment, let the youngster clearly understood that he was facing the really ruthless state apparatus, he wouldn’t make any meaningless resistance, he just calculated in his heart quietly, what the exact destination of this military car was any way.
The military car stopped, no soldier would care for this poor youngster, there was not even any sound came out, it’s thus clear that the tough quality of the federal troops was. Just in this long and hard to endure silence, the shrinking in the corner of the car Sheilor looked as poor as an abandoned shrimp.
…………
…………
The angry footsteps treaded broken a caisson outside of the military car, the angry voice criticized all the soldiers couldn’t raise their heads around the military car, “you kept watching on him, why would you still let him run away?”
What people run away? Sheilor turned his body slightly, he prayed who this officer talked about was uncle Fengyu inwardly to himself secretly.
Colonel Lake took off the glasses on the bridge of his nose, the anger fire could burn the tens of heavily armed soldiers around him to death enough, but he forced himself to repress his own emotion, because after all who came to cooperate with his action on the ground were the East Forest garrison soldiers, besides this action, they were not under his lead.
He had enough reason to be angry, in order to catch or kill that named Yufeng mechanic, the Federation had already prepared several months for that, the ground monitoring didn’t have any problems all the time, but when his mecha squad just arrived on the surface of the planet by taking the warship, why would the mechanic have disappeared from the repair shop on the fourth block of the Vanilla Avenue suddenly?
It’s three o’clock of the afternoon, it’s the most languid time of the human being, and it’s also the scheduled time to start the assault. But right before the assault, they lost the target suddenly, Lake had a hint of cold feeling in his heart.
In the temporary camp for the action outside of the fourth block, a huge ultra thin screen had already been set up, there were countless light spots moving on it or fast or slow, and that rounded by the black line, marked as target 1, was appearing and disappearing on the light screen, and it’s unpredictable.
Lake looked at the light screen coldly, he kept silent for a long time. He knew the whole process of this action, from the beginning when the Charter Bureau found that electric shock stick, in the earlier stage of the federal investigation, could find the deputy director Paul Long of the West River state’s second police station easily, and then checked the leader Levi of the orphan gang out, and then checked Levi’s good friend Sheilor out, and locked the target on that boss of the repair shop finally.
They could rule out Sheilor from the data of the chip very easily, that repair shop boss of course would be Yufeng. But Lake didn’t think of, this most wanted man of the Federation would have the ability to avoid the splendor of the First Charter unexpectedly. In the spreading all over the human world electronic monitoring network, he slipped away below the eyelids of the monitoring staffs.
The East Forest Region was too far away from the Capital planet, the monitoring of the central computer couldn’t do it the real-time, it had at least more than four minutes delay. That mechanic obviously made use of this kind of delay, outsmarted everybody. And the other party might have a kind of device in hand to shield the signal of the chip in the nape temporarily.
Once he thought of this, Lake got his mood more heavily, he now could totally understand why the central computer of the Charter Bureau would list this thing as the first grade, why he would receive the command that he could kill the target directly. A couldn’t be caught and punished by the splendor of the First Charter criminal, it’s really a character too horrible, if let the truth of this matter spread into the human society, it’s afraid of only one thing that it would arouse the unappeasable wave.
“The target 1 had been injured when he was running away.” An officer of the garrison command reported, “the whole planet has now blockading the landing and take-off entirely, he can’t flee out of here. Even there are four minutes of time difference, but the ring of the encirclement would be smaller and smaller, at most one more night, we could catch him.”
“I can’t wait for another night.” Lake said with the cold face, “where is the apprentice of the repair shop?”
The blood all over body Sheilor was brought up by some people, Lake wrinkled his eyebrows slightly, he was not very satisfied with the means of these East Forest colleagues. But he knew that the state of the affair was in emergency, of course he wouldn’t say anything more, he looked at the youngster and asked with the cold voice, “I want to know, where your boss could be hiding.”
The black cloth was torn down, the spotlight of the indoor made Sheilor narrow his both eyes, he looked at this colonel in front of him and kept silent.
A fist hit him in the stomach ruthlessly, the fierce pain made him spit out nearly, however, Sheilor was still narrowing his both eyes, he looked at these soldiers around him and kept his stubborn silence. 


Chapter 19
Small potato has his insistence and fist

Sheilor’s both hands were tied to behind his back with the high strength plastic rope, his body bent forward because his abdominal was hit hard, that made it looked like a very famous ancient punishment posture. Because of the pain, he had his whole face flushed, the gradually dried up wounds struggled out the blood once again, he opened his mouth to retch, but he couldn’t vomit anything out.
This was already the effect after more than ten punches, Sheilor still didn’t say a word out, even if he was hit heavily to get down on his both knees, he just narrowed his eyes to look at the colonel who was in front of him, closed lightly his lips stubbornly, kept silent and not said a word.
Colonel Lake narrowed his eyes gradually as well, but his face was still as gloomy as previously. When the soldiers of the East Forest garrison command got to work, he didn’t stop them. Because he must keep a firm grasp on the time, found out the whereabouts of that damn mechanic. Once they could find that man, his subordinates could kill the other party at one stroke, then he could complete the glorious mission which his superior handed over to him.
He pulled out a pistol from the waist suddenly and aimed at between Sheilor’s eyebrows, looked at this stubborn youngster and said coldly, “give you three seconds. One, two…”
Colonel Lake said very naturally, the action was also very naturally, it’s so naturally that all the people would think that he would really fire the pistol in the next moment. Those local soldiers in the temporary camp all revealed the shock on their faces. 
Sheilor’s body finally shook up not obediently, but even when colonel Lake spoke out the three, he was still looking to the front silently, his eyes filled with a stream of stubborn and insistence, it seemed like that he was not afraid of this dark gun-barrel at all.
…………
…………
Colonel Lake shrank his eye pupils slightly, he took a look at this youngster seriously once again. He had already known the information about the target 2 well enough, but when he was really facing him today, he then found out that all the information materials were not enough. There were a few seventeen or eighteen youngsters could still have the insistence like this, when they were really facing the violent death threats of the army, but the youngster who was in front of him did it just like that.
Lake looked down at Sheilor’s trembling legs, he said indifferently, “I know that you are in fear, but why you are already so afraid, you still refuse to open your mouth?”
By this time, Sheilor told the first sentence since he was arrested by the army, he spitted out a mouthful saliva with blood, he said maliciously, “as the citizen of the Federation, I have the obligation to cooperate with the military operation, but that doesn’t stand for the obligation to cooperate with inquisition by torture or exact confession by means of torture!”
Heard the Bing with a beat words, colonel Lake had his face changed a bit, his eyes had a flicker of complex emotion. It seemed like that even he wouldn’t think of, why this youngster was so stubborn, that it all based on such a simple reason.
The principle on this world was so simple, but how many people could really insist under the gunpoint? Lake kept silence for a few seconds, waved his hands, and drove all the soldiers in the temporary camp out. Inside the quiet room, there were only the standing him and the still half-kneeling on the ground Sheilor.
After a period of horrible quiet, Lake opened his mouth and spoke slowly, “Sheilor, seventeen, the apprentice of the repair shop on the fourth block, target 2… In fact, I know you very well, I know about you even more than you know about yourself. I know what kind of person you are, you don’t want to goof about with those orphans on the street, that’s because you think that bullying the puniness is wrong. You had the good reputation around the Bell Tower Street and the Vanilla Avenue, all the people feel that you are a kind-hearted people.”
“But I just didn’t think of, in the first place, you this little guy are such a persistent people.” Colonel Lake said with a smile, “when facing the unfair brutal treatment and the not according with the procedure practice, even when the gun barrel pointing on your head, you are still not willing to cooperate, such a stubborn and serious character, it’s very rare in this world.”
“When facing the wrong thing, there are a lot of people will insist on revolt.” Sheilor lowered his head and said.
Colonel Lake clapped his hands gently, he said with a slight mockery, “but the problem is what kind of thing is wrong? If you think that our method of work is illegal, then I can tell you the truth of this matter, I hope you this law-abiding citizen can get the conclusion by your own judge, and then decide whether you would cooperate with our action, and tell us the whereabouts of Fengyu.” 
Sheilor bowed down his head and kept silence, actually he could guessed out where uncle Fengyu was hiding. The secret of that mine, besides they two people, no other people knew about it. They two extremely rare went to that mine in the last two years, even the military had the monitoring a few months in advance, perhaps they would still miss out there. The most important thing was, climbing over the electronic fence to hunt the buffalos in these years, let Sheilor guess out, that floating blue light shielding device in the hands of uncle Fengyu, perhaps really could make people avoid the ubiquity electronic monitoring temporarily.
It was also because Sheilor was in thinking, so what the truth colonel Lake was telling at this time didn’t make him shocked too much, but made him fell into meditation once again.
“He is a traitor of the Federation, he is a thug who has more than ten thousand soldiers lost lives in his hands, in this kind of situation, why do you still need to hold on to our means wrongful?” Colonel Lake looked at Sheilor with taunt, he kept blowing the youngster’s heart in this tone and expression.
“I don’t believe it.” Sheilor opened his mouth and said suddenly after a long silence, “if he is the spy colluding with the Empire, why did he come to hide in the East Forest Region, but not went to the Empire? You know, he seems to have this kind of ability.”
Colonel Lake kept silent, because he knew that this youngster very easily and very simply pointed out the only leak of this matter, and that’s exactly that leak he asked himself in the spaceship.
Sheilor looked up suddenly and said carefully, “the court didn’t pronounce the judgment, he then would be innocent, so I don’t believe it.”
Believing was believing, a staying together day and night for four years uncle, obviously, was more worthy of trust than these murderous look all over the body soldiers. But even so, the constant splendor of the Federal Charter, still let Sheilor flashed a hint of strong uneasiness in his eyes.
Colonel Lake noticed the mood change in his eyes, he questioned closely with calmness, “of course we need the court to bring the trial on him, but the problem is that he is the escaped criminal, if we couldn’t catch him, how could we bring him to justice? So, whether it’s for the compensation of the justice or the fairness of the legal action… I need your help.”
Originally, he thought that his these words had been able to destroy the strong spiritual support of this youngster, although he also didn’t understand why this youngster believed in procedure and justice these damn things so much. However, the next words what Sheilor said let him disappointed completely.
“You are not coming here to arrest him, I believe that you even don’t bring an arrest warrant with you.” Sheilor looked at this colonel, his eyes were narrowed even smaller, but a share of gritty taste was seeping out, “you are here to kill him!”
“Even you are the soldiers, you also can’t kill people without the trial. So please forgive me, unless you can make sure the safety of his life, I wouldn’t tell you about his whereabouts.”
Colonel Lake looked at those light spots on the light screen along Sheilor’s eyes, he said after a moment’s silence, “how do you know that we are here to kill him and not to arrest him?”
This sentence would be acquiesce in Sheilor’s logical deduction. Sheilor sat on the ground, bowed down his head and said, “those blue light spots are the mechas, right? B4 dash formation always has only one role, that is the no route of retreat sniper kill… Since you just want to kill him, why do I need to help you?”
“I come to think of it, you have already attended the petty officer examination of the Ministry of National Defense, but what you learn is the machine maintenance, how can you recognize the B4 dash formation?” Colonel Lake walked to the front of Sheilor, he looked down and said coldly, “it seems that I can be sure, you are the student of Yufeng, you would be put into the prison with the charge of treason felony’s accessory offender.”
“Believe me, you this life can only look up at the sky and the battleships above the star sky from the prison.” Colonel Lake walked to outside of the room, he gave the command to the soldiers outside, “kept questioning.”
The “Zee Zee” current sound and the fist punching sound rang up from the indoor. Colonel Lake lit up a cigarette, made contact with the Charter Bureau of the Capital Planet Circle, reaffirmed the approximate scope of the target 1 once again, and then gave the command to pursue and attack. His heart felt slightly stable at this moment, as long as that mechanic was still within the scope of the Federation, he would be sure that he could catch him and kill him.
Indoor, Sheilor was hit down to the ground by two soldiers, his hair was in a mess, nobody paid attention that his two tied to the back arms were trembling gradually, the spread out weakly fingers held together sturdily and held into a fist gradually.


Chapter 20
Give the fist if have one

The boss was injured, Sheilor’s mood was getting uneasy after he heard this sentence. And then, an ominous feeling got into his mind, it was just like what it was more than two years ago in front of the gate of the state university.
If the military could find his boss, that’s because of that electric shock stick, then now Levi and that group of orphans might had been under control. He knew the character of Levi, if he was not forced at his wits’ end, he definitely would not betray him this good friend. How was everything about Levi now?
Human rights? What were the human rights? Was it the pain on his body, or the hard fists and even harder boots of these soldiers? Sheilor didn’t have how much discontent and indignation mood, although he had long believed that there was justice principle existing in this world in his this seventeen years life, but he knew it more clearly, if his boss really did like what that colonel said previously, committed the treason against the state, then in the action to arrest, all the laws and regulations and personal power would only be covered by the anger of the whole Federation, would be stepped under the boots.
He was a stubborn and persistent youngster, but he was not the brain full of nothingness student, he would not have the extravagant hopes that he himself still had the right to hire the lawyer. Instead, he knew well about what all these soldiers were doing, but this kind of understanding didn’t mean that he was ready to accept and not got angry at all. But even he was in anger, he still would not look at the soldiers ferociously like a wolf cub, because that kind of emotional expression would only brought more pains to himself. He just lowered his head quietly and endured all of these.
In the quiet, actually it mingled with the great bitterness and unrest—If his boss was really a treason soldier? Treason and military defector were completely two different concepts, Sheilor although believed that Fengyu was not a villain who kill without batting an eye, but the anger of these soldiers in front of him still let him had some uncertainties.
I would be going to see Fengyu, ask him in the face. If all of these were just the extremely big injustice, then I would help him, if all of these were real… A heavy punch hit Sheilor on the left chin, the blood was spurted out, the gums were beginning to get loose, the pain stopped him from the somewhat trance thinking. 
That having triangle eyes soldier breathed heavily for a couple of times, stamped a foot on the falling on the ground and looked like a dead fish Sheilor, walked down to the side of the camp and picked up a bottle of water to have a few mouths. He really didn’t expect, this looked somewhat thin and weak youngster could be so resistant to the beats, he was not only determined, he didn’t beg for mercy all the time, he didn’t open his mouth for confession. The fiercest thing was, in the such strong blows like these, the youngster still was not fainted incredibly.
That last punch on the left cheek of the youngster, in accordance with that kind of power, it should be good enough to knock off half row of teeth, but it just shocked that soldier’s hand to have some pains instead.
Sheilor moved his neck, wiped off the blood which was hanging on the eyelashes on his left arm, in order to avoid affecting his own sight. He narrowed his eyes to stare at everything in the camp, looked for the possibility to get away. After that wearing sunglasses colonel walked out of the camp, there were only three men in this room, but at this time, it’s even only one people in here.
If he wanted to flee out, he might need to break that plastic rope which was tied on his wrists first— When Sheilor was being tortured, he had already exerted himself to try it once secretly, he found that it’s not a really difficult thing— He just had something not understood, why the army would use this kind of thing to replace the handcuffs. The second thing was that he might enter that window behind him before this soldier in the room could find out.
He could see the far away crystal screen billboards through that window, the known this area very familiar Sheilor had already known this temporary camp was on somewhere outside of the fourth block. He even knew it clearly, once he could get across that window, run through the grass outside of the camp, then he could get into a sewer entrance which had no cover for a long time.
 The key for all of these was time, Sheilor didn’t dare to have the extravagant hopes, there would be no noise at all when he got through that window. There were full of armed forces around right at this time, although there should be not too many people to pay attention to the window that side. But from once that soldier found out the noise to he got into the entrance of the sewer, there were only four seconds for him to use, once the time getting longer, the bullets would cover the whole area.
This was a huge risk, even so, Sheilor didn’t think about to knock down this indoor soldier for more time— The soldiers showed up here today were all the elite special force of the East Forest garrison force, this could be told easily from their uniforms and equipments— He knew it clearly, what kind of horrific strength and killing skills the special force soldiers had.
The series of analysis and thinking, actually just took a very short time, that triangle eyes soldier was still drinking the water with face upward, he left the back to Sheilor, he might take the chance.
…………
…………
The familiar tremble operated along the familiar channels in the muscles on Sheilor’s chest and upper arms, the youngster felt his body getting the heat slightly, his upper body was shivering up, it was just like the very weird ripples, delivered to his wrists gradually, and then changed into a kind of very centralized power!
With the crisp sound of “Pa”, the plastic rope on Sheilor’s wrists was broken!
He climbed up from the ground with the fastest speed, both hands propped on the ground, stood on site, but he didn’t run toward the direction of the window!
His eyes were full of despairing feeling, he stared at that special soldier who turned his back quickly and didn’t said a word.
The despair was because he misjudged one thing, when he broke that plastic rope, the rope had a clear and crisp sound, the drinking water special soldier immediately turned his back around alertly. If Sheilor wanted to get out of that window at this time again, even he would not be shot and hit by that soldier, he still could not win over the time of four seconds.
That having triangle eyes soldier didn’t have any action after he turned his back around, he just opened his mouth to look at the standing on the ground youngster, the bottle in his hand showered the water on his boots, it seemed like that he was shocked by the scene in front of him, it seemed like that he also didn’t understand, how come this earlier just been beat to dying youngster could stand in front of him!
Just in this stupefied moment, the soldier had a flicker of doubt expression in his triangle eyes, he jumped over at Sheilor subconsciously, the knee topped to between the hips of Sheilor, the elbow hit to the neck of Sheilor, it’s the extremely sharp skills of the military.
Looking at that dived at him like a tiger soldier, the already been in despair Sheilor had his eyes shined suddenly, it’s just like a been thirsty for many days in the desert traveler suddenly saw the familiar green trees.
To the movements of this soldier, he was not very familiar with, but to this kind of feeling, Sheilor was abnormally familiar with! Feeling the wind blowing on his face, he opened his both legs, had the horse stance optionally and naturally, put the body to the aside, both hands popped out together, the left hand clenched into a fist, the right hand drew the fingers together and counterattacked along the elbow of that soldier.
This movement was very natural and accurate, it’s just like taking the chopsticks to have the rice every day, nobody would think that it’s a very great thing to pick up a peanut with the chopsticks.
The next moment.
With the “Poof” stuffy sound, Sheilor’s left fist hit ruthlessly in the armpit of that soldier, his right hand which the fingers were drawn together chopped down in the throat of the soldier ruthlessly.
Sheilor didn’t know why he himself would use this kind of posture to fight back, but his body seemed to have broken away from his control, accorded to some kind of instinct, didn’t have a bit hesitation. He treaded forward one step very quickly, held against the other party’s private parts with the leg, the left fist drew a curve line, around the other party’s arm, and punched in the temple of the opposite side.
The middle finger on the fist had the protuberance slightly, the knuckle had the redness slightly, it’s just like a peanut.


Chapter 21
Four minutes and twelve seconds

The disgusting triangle eyes were closed up when they were still in the air, that suffered Sheilor’s three combo strikes special soldier didn’t even make a hum and then fainted. If not for this man’s ability to resist the impact was extraordinarily tough, it was afraid of only one thing that he would have already died, since his throat was cut with a palm and the temple was knocked once by Sheilor’s middle finger. But even like this, this soldier still had the throat bone broken and wounded very heavily.
Sheilor didn’t have time to stare blankly, he held the body of that special soldier in the first time to prevent the noise when he fell onto the ground, and then ran to the window with the fastest speed— This time, he believed that he could absolutely have the time of four seconds— He moved just like a civet, fell on the cement floor outside of the window, then bent down his body, got through the grass extremely fast, and wormed his way into the sewer in the distance.
There were no gunfire as expected, or even no people found out this scene.
Luckily fled from the encirclement of the special force Sheilor, began to run about wildly in the sewer. The past more than ten years, although he had been keeping the distance with Levi that group of orphans, but they were all the small potatoes who were growing up with the bitterness, about the sewers in the West River state to be used to hide from the police, no other people knew it better than them in this city.
The light in the big and broad sewer was very dim, but it couldn’t stop his steps. The rapid footstep sound echoed in the full of peculiar smell and moisture air, and spread toward the distant gradually.
The running about wildly Sheilor had the cold sweat all over his body, those beat out wounds and pains never affected his speed, but his mind was still chaotic, he didn’t know what was really going on at all.
He just actually knocked out a special soldier? The fishy wind swat him in the face, that didn’t make him sober a bit more, Sheilor couldn’t believe the previous scene at all, why his own body would pose such a posture like a kind of instinct, and that posture would just right cut into that special commando’s attack range?
It’s just like the chip and the base, Sheilor just stretched out his hands in instinct earlier, but it just avoided the attack of the other party, then he could hit on the crucial parts of the other party. He could have the instinct reaction in such a very short time, that strange posture equaled to let that special soldier put all his own crucial parts to his fist.
That strange posture, of course, was the stiff dance which he had been forced to practice for four years by uncle Fengyu.
Two years ago, he had already guessed whether this set of stiff dance would be some kind of combat skill of the military, today he got a certain degree of proof, but… He had just learnt it for four years, then he could knocked down a special soldier so easily, would be the set of movements that simple?
Running on the platform in the sewers, his tiptoe stepped on a puddle of dirty water, the “Pa” light sound pulled Sheilor back from this kind of dazed mood. The fact had already happened, it didn’t need him to think over it for more time, the thing he must do right now was to find uncle Fengyu as soon as possible.
The accessory criminal of the treason felony? He himself fled away from the custody of those soldiers, it’s probably that he couldn’t evaded this accusation— Sheilor was running stiffly, he wiped off the blood or the tears from his face, he knew it clearly, once he was really declared guilty by the Federation, in the splendor of the First Charter, unless he could find the pirate ships of the black market, ran away to Bermuda. Otherwise, he would be arrested and sent to the prison for certain.
How could uncle Fengyu have been hiding in the Federation for more than ten years? Although the East Forest Region was far away from the Capital Planet Circle, but… He had a doubt fleeting in his mind, Sheilor’s mood got coldly once again, even he had the whopping capability to fled away to Bermuda to be the refugee, but he couldn’t think about to set his feet on the Federation’s land again in his this lifetime, the worked for the Federation whole life until death parents, and the buried in the East Forest sister Cynthia…
I was just man who wanted to have a good life, just signed up for the sergeant examination of the Ministry of National Defense, just wanted to go to the Capital planet to open up the field of vision, changed the light of the life.
Didn’t know whether his running speed was too fast or not, Sheilor’s heart had some pains and some grief, he lowered his head, kept running, and then looked up once again, but didn’t stop his steps.
He was a youngster, an observing law and discipline, kind and simple youngster, if Fengyu was really an unpardonable treason criminal, he might really tell those people where Fengyu hid. But he believed his own boss and teacher, the most important thing was, he knew it clearly, today the soldiers from the Federation and those soldiers from the East Forest garrison command, not came to arrest Fengyu at all, but came to kill him instead!
His parents and sister died from the coal mine disaster, had all the officers paid the price for it? There were too many unfair things in this world already, the stubborn Sheilor insisted on the things which he thought he should stand for, even the mechanic Fengyu this kind of escaped criminal, he still thought that the Federation or the law should give him a chance to talk, a chance to open the mouth to defend for himself!
The end of the sewer was the dark mine tunnel, under the ground of the capital of the West River state, it was dug into the extremely complex tunnel web in those didn’t know how many years. In the getting silence gradually today, if not familiar with the underground tunnels people, would absolutely didn’t know, outside of that hidden exit of the sewer, would connect to those already abandoned mines on the city suburbs directly.
Sheilor caught his breath to crawl on that shabby tramcar in the underground tunnel, through the reflection of the darkness, he took a look at the time on the watch, and prayed in the heart secretly.
He didn’t know how fast the speed of interplanetary information transmission, he also didn’t know whether his specific frame of reference had already been checked by the electronic monitoring network, and how long for those soldiers to have the information. He must got the jump on to confuse the direction of the searchers in this period of time, and also found the wounded boss, otherwise, that would mean that he lead the army to the side of his boss!
This was the race against the time, more accurately to say, this was the competition of speed against the splendor of the First Charter. When the tramcar “GeDeng Gedeng” drove toward the deep and serene distance, the lying inside Sheilor finally understood that sentence which his boss said in those days, understood why he would hate the First Charter the most.
…………
…………
“The tracking information of the target 2 is been getting ready, the feedback time of the Charter Bureau will take…” Colonel Lake raised his wrist, frowned his eyebrows to take a look at the time, “four minutes and twelve seconds.”
Then he yelled at the special soldiers around him, “four minutes and twelve seconds! Find him! Find that mechanic!”
After he roared this sentence, he took down the sunglasses, turned his head back around, looked at inside of the camp that broken into two pieces plastic rope and that being first-aided special soldier, he had a long silence. Letting the target 2 to slip away was also part of the backup plan, but he still had not made up his mind to implement this plan, and this youngster had already brought him a big surprise.
A seventeen years old youngster, could break the military high strength plastic incredibly, really no common person could think of it, he… how on earth could he do it? Colonel Lake got his face calmed down gradually, but the held in his hand sunglasses had already been deformed little by little.


Chapter 22
Congregation

…………
…………
Compared with broken that high strength plastic rope, the coma of that special soldier didn’t let colonel Lake surprised on the contrary. The having such strong explosive force youngster, it’s impossible that a special soldier could resist. In colonel Lake this lifetime, he had just also met only a few times.
Once he thought of this, colonel Lake had the strong curiosity and homicidal intent to mechanic Yufeng— The shame of the army, the youngster was already so strong like this, what kind of condition that mechanic would be strong to? But he didn’t have a slightest waver, just like the concept which Sheilor had been insisting on, colonel Lake didn’t care about how strong the personal force of the target at all, he thought that no matter how strong the target was, he still could not withstand a single blow when he was facing the powerful weaponry of the federal military.
He threw the sunglasses on the ground by his feet, the colonel walked to in front of the command light screen in the temporary camp, gazed on the flashing green spots and two very different color zones on the light screen, the red and blue two color zones represent the places where target 1 and target 2 could be hiding in, just due to the time delay of the positioning, therefore, it just could only be spread out gradually. 
As the command signal returned back from the Capital Planet Circle constantly, the red and blue two color zones were also shrinking gradually. Colonel Lake kept watching this silent but soul-stirring process coldly, waiting for the moment these two zones gathered to a set point on the light screen.
Four minutes and twelve seconds? Colonel Lake suddenly had his eye pupils shrunk, he knew himself had made an extremely stupid mistake, the information identifying positioning between the East Forest Region and the Capital Planet Circle was a process of back and forth, if they wanted to position the target 1 or target 2… Actually it would take more than eight minutes!
His face was getting very gloomy, but he didn’t say anything to the subordinates by his side, he just felt that it’s extremely embarrassed. Thought of many years ago, that firework mistake made by the Fourth Military Region when they came to the East Forest Region, the mistake of that time, it made the Fourth Military Region to be transferred out of the East Forest Region directly, went to the West Forest that primitive and laggard place, he made a mistake himself again today, surely it didn’t mean that this represented some kind of ominous omen?
If there were military staff officers or intelligence personnel by his side, of course he wouldn’t make this kind of stupid mistake, but the problem was that colonel Lake was just a front fighting personnel, and for the confidentiality of this action, they also didn’t structure the staff officer headquarter as accordance with the procedures.
“We must keep a firm grasp on the time more.” Colonel Lake stared at the two getting closer color zones on the light screen, thought about it in his mind, the deepest place of these two color zones overlapped, to a first approximation, should be the congregation place of the target 1 and target 2.
“Once the positioning was ready, notice me immediately… Crew members get ready for action.” Colonel handed the job of the temporary camp to the combat troops of the East Forest garrison command, he notice those hidden in the city crew members through the shoulder hanging communicator, got into the military armored vehicle, drove toward the deep place of the West River city in the twilight.
…………
…………
Sheilor climbed and rolled to run down from the tramcar, he didn’t pay any attention to the up to the knee black water in the tunnel. He found that steel frame ladder, climbed upward desperately, he must saved every minute and every second. When he climbed up to the top, he exerted himself to break open the lid, climbed out of the tunnel, raised his elbow very proficiently, and then pushed up that extremely bulky power switch, a bright light lit up the whole room.
It’s the mine operating room which the youngster had already stayed in for four years, he open the anti-mote door of the room, walked through it, came to the living room, and then he saw a familiar man was cross-leaning on the sofa with a kind of familiar posture.
The repair shop boss Fengyu was like that he was having no bones, fell deeply in the soft sofa lazily, the pure silver lighter in his hand was just put out, and the air seemed to still filled with the kerosene smell. The cigarette on his dry lips was just lit up, and the cigarette had the bright red and still didn’t release the smoke yet.
A fugitive betrayer, was just welcoming his closest employee and apprentice in this city with this kind of posture, it had the smooth and steady emotion in the absurdity.
The face full of sweat and blood Sheilor stared at him blankly, looking at that miserable wound on his leg, not even before the breath fell smooth, he opened his mouth and asked, “how much time do we still have?”
Fengyu raised his eyelids somewhat powerlessly, took a look at this little guy who had been keeping accompany with him for four years, had a smile slightly and said, “the electronic monitoring checks the position of the chip, sends it back to the Charter Bureau in the Capital Planet, then put up the exact positioning, and then sends it back to the implement troop, it takes at least eight minutes and twenty four seconds. You came here by the tramcar, the speed is not bad, but the positioning system has been going after you, they can find your trace through the sewer pipes in six minutes, so calculated all of these, you have about more than three minutes to talk with me.”
“I didn’t expect that you could run out.” Fengyu had his somewhat pale face full of pride, “it looks like that I just teach something casually, then it would be no match by those craps of the Ministry of National Defense… Just didn’t expect, you would dare to run out unexpectedly, and are willing to come to find me.”
Both of them knew each other very well, Sheilor dared to get away from the control of the army, it meant that he had already put himself on the opposite side of the Federation, he would pay extremely huge price for this. But there were still not a little touched expression on Fengyu that face, only the calmness.
“The three minutes time is not used for chatting, after all, I am not ready to hear your last words yet.” Sheilor lowered his body and took out several green military bear load belt underneath the sofa, and got ready to bundle over Fengyu, “I will carry you to run in a hurry.”
Fengyu apparently didn’t have the interest to be the rice dumpling, he patted on Sheilor’s hand slightly, had a flicker of sorry flashed in his eyes and said, “we couldn’t run away like this, I thought that if you wouldn’t come here, at most you would have the charge to be in custody for a few days. After all, the federal government is not the Empire those savages, they wouldn’t be able to do anything so savage.”
“I know that you can shield the electronic surveillance.” Sheilor had somewhat unwilling or even anger to look at his boss’s face, he said, “not even have a try, how could you know that we can’t escape?”
“Because I have already fled for more than ten years.” Fengyu coughed a couple times, smiling to take out that small tool from his arms, put it into Sheilor’s coat pocket and said, “that thing which you talked about, just can keep the shielding ability for half an hour, it can’t be used forever, what about half an hour later? It is just only this big for the West River state, rather than having the futile effort to escape, I just want to have a good time for these several minutes.”
Sheilor had his holding the bear load belt hand stiffed in the mid-air, he looked at Fengyu that gaunt face, and gritted his teeth to say, “you could mess with the First Charter for more than ten years, why can’t you keep concealing it anymore?”
Fengyu didn’t answer this most important question, he looked at this youngster with a faint smile on his face, he asked a question in reply, “according to your character, it seems like that you should have some words forgotten to ask me.”
Sheilor lowered his head and asked, “what on earth was the explosion on the battlefield in those days? Are you really the spy of the Empire?”
He asked very directly, and Fengyu answered it very directly as well. Uncle blew out a mouthful of smoke ring, he said lazily, “of course, not.”


Chapter 23
Fengyu’s big secret and small bracelet

“What happened in those days?” Just only had a stare blankly for a moment, Sheilor didn’t have any doubt any more, this was nothing with the blind acceptance, it was because the current tension situation didn’t allow him to think about more problems any more. He didn’t wait for Fengyu’s answer patiently, he just bounded him up on his back with the bear load belt directly, and then brought out that small tool from the pocket of the coat and pushed on the button.
The light blue light was sent out from that metal tool, covered a certain range around, wrapped Sheilor and Fengyu’s bodies up inside.
Uncle Fengyu was chocked by the smoke a couple times, he cracked his lung to cough up, he really didn’t think of his this young apprentice would be this persistent, and he even had such determination and execution. He threw away the half-burnt cigarette in his hand, leaned on the youngster that somewhat gaunt shoulders languidly, and muttered with dissatisfaction, “fuck, it even won’t do that I don’t want to run anymore?”
Sheilor didn’t answer his words, got down from the postern under the operation room directly, got into the mine, and climbed up to that broken tramcar. He believed with the help of that floating blue light weird tool, the throughout the whole federal society electronic monitoring network would also lose sight of them temporarily. With half an hour time, they could disappear to the farther place, it might be able to let those soldiers who came to kill his boss have a big surprise.
Seemed like guessed what he was thinking, Fengyu laughed behind his back and said with a smile, “half an hour later, how are you going to escape? Taught you before, this just as that wire on the circuit board, you must always get the outlet ready for the current, and then you can start the first step of the work. If only to be the rats on this plant, we just only win thirty minutes, it makes little sense.”
“Even it’s just for the last words, you could say it for thirty minutes, it still would be better than three minutes!” Didn’t know why, maybe Fengyu this kind of contemptuous attitude when he was facing the death angered the stubborn Sheilor, he lowered his head and scolded with the low voice, “I know that you never tell me, you could stay in the territory of the Federation, hid from the First Charter for so many years, you must have your own way. I will just think of a way to send you to the airport, you must think of the way out for yourself.”
“You are really a stupid little guy… Or I should say that you underestimated your boss I have the terrible fame in the Federation.” Fengyu warped up the corners of his mouth slightly, “I can guarantee you, before the Federation catch me or kill me, in the whole East Forest Region, there would be not an aircraft allowed to be launched.”
These words of course would be said for granted, Sheilor fell into silence, from the momentum of those embattled special soldiers, he also could conclude these things out, but he still kept the hope in his heart, not willing to be despaired… Even they were really getting into the hopeless situation now.
In the darkness of the mine, there were only the sound between the tramcar and the rails.
“I know that you are very curious, how could I run away for so many years… The extremely violent and wicked criminals like me this kind in the history, or hiding in the Bermuda, or throw themselves to the Empire in these years… Got free or survival time in the federal territory, the longest record was just only nine days.”
“That’s right, I can forge the chip which is behind the neck like the dog chain.”
In the desperate quiet, Fengyu’s voice was still that indifferent, besides to mention the chip and the dog chain these words, he would show the strong sarcasm and despise naturally, “this perhaps is the reason, why that broken computer of the Charter Bureau will take so seriously on me in the procedure, this is also my secret.”
Sheilor suddenly had his hands which were holding on the head board of the tramcar grasped tightly, he was very nervous.
The thing which happened in the far away Capital was said exactly by Fengyu. The central computer of the Charter Bureau would give the first degree to the mechanic, when it gave out the rating without any doubt, but those upper level big shots of the Federation, still weren’t aware of the true cause in it, including that old director of the bureau. The very marvelous thing was, seemed to be incarcerated by some kind of established program, the central computer didn’t send this astonishing warning out.
This was Fengyu’s secret, this was an extremely big secret.
There was a proverb in the federal ancient time: If you knew the knowledge or truth that you want to know in the early morning, then when the twilight comes, even you are dead, you still will have a share of satisfied mind. 
Sheilor had such kind of feeling at that time, he had not had any water for hours, and he had been in intense movement and under the great fear, his lips were abnormally dry, but he knew it clearer, he felt his mouth dry at that time, the greater extent was because he heard about his boss’s biggest secret.
“There is nothing wrong with the First Charter itself, the normal citizen’s right of privacy always get the highest level protection. At least there are no that many crimes in this society, this society, which has the gap between the rich and the poor expanded, doesn’t have too many unfairness on the surface.”
Besides the endless shocked, the received educations from childhood and the formed independently view of history, made Sheilor couldn’t help to defense for the First Charter subconscious, especially when he heard his boss equaled the chip behind the neck as the dog chain, he emerged the strong conflict feeling in his heart.
“I never deny this point.” The tone of uncle Fengyu was light, or that was because he knew in the federal society, it’s hard to find the people to support himself, even the fleeing with him apprentice at this time, would also not willing to accept, “but the problem is, the central computer is still just a computer, it is just a tool, and the tool… would always be operated by human beings, once there is one day, there were somebody who could control that cold machine of the Charter Bureau totally, who would know what kind of things that guy would use this tool to do?
Sheilor heard that, but he was not very understood. But he could feel that he was in an endless dark mine tunnel, it seemed like that he could never see the bright way out in the front, he felt a gust of cold with no reason, the place behind his neck where he had the chip on, began to have bunches of small lumps.
Perhaps for driving away the cold feeling from his heart, Sheilor asked with the hoarse voice, “since it is so, you must have a spare disguise chip, can’t you avoid the list as wanted of the Federation if you mount it on? Why didn’t you use it?”
Fengyu’s hoary hair actually was not that obviously in the darkness, but it always had the vicissitude feeling which made people to feel grieved. He touched on his hair, said with the hard-to-find seriousness, “because my leg is injured, I think the Federation will not miss the chance to collect my blood sample this time.”
“Aren’t you the freaking awesome mechanic? You made tens of thousands people to lose their lives in those days, how could you be gotten after by the police and even got hurt?” Sheilor this sentence was rather making himself to feel a bit more easily than questioning.
“Because I got old.”
Fengyu answered it very simply, that made Sheilor speechless, he then fell into the deep self-condemned emotion, the youngster knew it clearly, the federal military might find out and come to here through that electric shock stick, and then found Fengyu.
“This is the problem of luck, it has nothing to do with you.” Fengyu knew what the youngster was thinking, although he was not so sure how the Charter Bureau could find him once again, but his that stronger than the average people too much brain, could easily deduce that there might be full of countless incidentals and extreme absurdities in that procedure.
“On the contrary, it should be me who dragged down on you, so I will give you something.” Fengyu heaved a sigh, put a thing on Sheilor’s wrist and took down his wrist watch, “give me this watch as the memento.”
Through the extremely dark light in the tunnel, Sheilor saw it clearly that the cold thing on his wrist was a bracelet, it was floating the light metal shine, he didn’t know what kind of material it was made of.


Chapter 24
The variable stars

…………
…………
“What is this?”
The sliding speed of the tramcar slowed down gradually, the like forging iron “Dang Dang” sound got gentle gradually, that made the tremble of Sheilor’s voice particularly obvious. The youngster’s always stable hands were also shaking, he touched on the smooth bracelet on his left wrist, guessed faintly what it was, but he just couldn’t believe it.
Fengyu didn’t answer him.
Suddenly, the zero point seven CM thick metal bracelet slid like the flowing mercury along with the touch of Sheilor’s finger!
There were some very fine lines showed on the surface of the metal, and then burst out along the lines, exposed the very complex and delicate internal structure of the bracelet. Inside the empty cavity of the bracelet, there were countless slightly bright metal pellets stranded on three as thin as hair metal strings.
Just like the starlight was depicted on a surreal oil painting, stringed all those brilliant stars together.
Through the dim light in the mine tunnel, Sheilor that pair of not-so-big eyes stared open widely and roundly, he stared at his own wrist without a blink, seemed like that he saw the not existing in the world immortal or monster. Those metal strings were too thin, the vibration of the tramcar was too big, Sheilor worried about that these metal strings would be shocked to break. Those lunar metal pellets were too small, they were so small as if they did not have any weight, would be blown away by the faint wind in the mine tunnel, and never could find any trace again.
In the eyes of the normal people, these metal strings and the lunar metal pellets or maybe were just some very delicate and fragile handicrafts, but Sheilor had already learnt four years machine maintenance in the wake of Fengyu, he had the born sensitive to all the human machine culture products, he could tell on these couldn’t be seen clearly metal surface by one glance, had something which could make himself moved.
Those as pretty as handicraft flowing lines, that was the chip core array arranged and combined with a kind of extremely marvelous way, although Sheilor didn’t know how these things were assembled on this small area at all, and how they would give play to the function, but he still would simply connect it with that secret which Fengyu told earlier.
The disguise chips? The could pass through the detection of all monitoring in the splendor of the First Charter disguise chips!
Sheilor got his nape cold once again, because he knew in the deep side of his cervical vertebra, there was a similar chip hid over there as well, it had already accompanied with him for seventeen years. To say it more accurate, every citizen of the Federation had a chip like this in the body… And in the countless years, no one could counterfeit this kind of chip, or even no one dared to try to take the chip out, unless he decided to flee to other places, and never returned to the Federation in life.
But at this moment, in the bracelet on the youngster’s wrist… There were chips which could disguise perfectly hid inside! What kind of meaning this represented? In the impact of the strong emotion, Sheilor couldn’t control himself clearly, but he only knew one point, one chip would represent a whole new life. He also thought of that sentence which his boss said at the beginning, the people who could study out the disguise chip and put it to work, would win the highest honor of the federal science, the Nebula Award.
Of course, if there were really the scientist who could study this kind of thing out in the Federation, before he could win the Nebula Award, he would certainly be sentenced imprisonment for life by the federal government. But no matter what, Sheilor was still shocked, what kind of powerful knowledge it needs, then it could contend against the most powerful Charter splendor of the federal civilization?
He was stunned to look back at Fengyu that somewhat tired and old face, opened his mouth for a long time, but couldn’t say a word out. He had never been shocked like this in his life, or maybe besides that loud bang twelve years ago.
And also because of this kind of shock, it let Sheilor to ignore another convincing fabrication processing of this bracelet, the fingerprint authentication and the switch-on was finished in a moment. This was not an especially difficult thing itself, but it could be done quickly on such a thin metal bracelet, this also explained a lot of things.
…………
…………
“I said, this is my gift for you.” Fengyu seemed like that he didn’t know the bracelet which he threw to Sheilor casually, would cause what kind of uproar if it appeared in the federal society, he said, “if you don’t want to be put into the jail for years because of the relationship with me, find some time, find some room, take that chip which is in your neck out, and change it with one of those in the bracelet. The ID information and the operation way, are all in the screen, you can learn it yourself… With your talent, it shouldn’t be a difficult thing.”
At this time, the tramcar had already stopped at an intersection of the roadway in the mine tunnel, Sheilor gently put the bracelet back to the normal position with the trembling fingers, he wanted to throw the bracelet away in terror subconsciously, or returned it back to Fengyu, but then he found out, he couldn’t throw the bracelet away anymore, it had been around on his wrist as a whole, couldn’t find any crevice to pull it off, it seemed like that he had been wearing it since the childhood.
“You… You… You use it, otherwise… You would… Be dead, you could… Use it.” Sheilor looked at boss Fengyu that grey hair, he just knew what kind of mysterious and bottomless character his boss was, he couldn’t help to have some stammers, “I… at most would be just put in jail for years… You would be dead.”
“Stupid guy, I have already told the reason why.” Fengyu looked at the youngster that young face without any expression on his face, he said, “and this thing could only be used by one people, don’t ask me why, you also shouldn’t try to use these chips to save other people’s lives in the future. Go… Change another identity, go to the Capital Planet Circle, to live for a whole new life, with another way to achieve your worldly ideal.”
Another identity? Another life? Sheilor was slow-witted suddenly, his boss’s words and the true cold metal tactility on his wrist reminded him, the thought to be driven to the last ditch life, suddenly opened another door for him, but behind that another door… Really was the ideal life for him?
And, what about his boss?
“Give you the small gift, I also want to give you a few words.” Fengyu stare at his eyes with no expression on his face and said, “after you go to the Capital Planet Circle in the future, perhaps these few words would be useful for you.”
Sheilor was still frustrated, he listened subconsciously.
“Your two eyebrows are like the knives, too straight and too upright, this is not very good, they would press on your vision, it will overtax your nerves, if you could change it, then have it changed.”
“There is no creator among the stars, there is no splendor needed to be worshiped, the most dangerous place is the safest place, but this words you just can believe in for three times.”
“Forget me after today, all the things of the past four years needed to be dropped and buried, don’t have the extravagant hopes to find what fair and reward, and don’t even try to play revenge this kind of boring thing, I am not your father, I don’t have too much goodwill on you… Just pay attention to stay away from those people in life, those well-doers who are eating your flesh but claim to eat vegetable.”
“I know that you are really curious about that explosion of that war in those days and my charge, you want to believe that I am innocent, but I can’t say that I am innocent. But I can tell you, in a not very long time, you could probably know what that explosion looked like.”
“My words are finished.” Fengyu that hoary hair was dazzling up suddenly in the dark mine, his real age finally was exposed, he took out the cigarette from the pocket and lit it up, enjoyed to have a mouthful absorption, blew a mouthful smoke on Sheilor’s face and went on to say, “the time is coming, they are almost here too, you can also get out of here.”
Sheilor had been listening to him in a daze, he just felt a stream of sadness emitted from the bottom of his heart, it stabbed his head incomparable pain, he said like praying with the hoarse voice, “you must live on.”
“Of course I will survive, I will live forever.” Fengyu suddenly had the extremely great expression on his face, he looked at the bracelet on Sheilor’s wrist and said, “do I still need you to tell me?”
After he finished this sentence, the most wanted traitor of the Federation, the ordinary mechanic of the East Forest Region Fengyu had a foot kicked on Sheilor, kicked that silly youngster into the sewer next to the underground tunnel.


Chapter 25
The tiger had a shake on the body

There was not too much wastewater in the sewer, it was hard to have the surge power, let alone like the ocean, but this section of the channel was the one biggest fall of the water pipeline system of the West River state. In the impact of the dirty water which mixed with the garbage rotten leaves and plastic bags, Sheilor that gaunt body couldn’t keep the balance, he just could be downstream along with the water desperately and dolefully, he saw his boss Fengyu turned his body around on the other side of the water, and left him the last unspeakable sight of his back.
Or sank or floated, the fishy water stream sank Sheilor to the bottom of the water, and then carried his body out with the wave. Didn’t know how far he had drifted, how much water he had drunk, he finally came to a section where the flow of the water was gentle gradually. Sheilor seized this hard-won opportunity, his right hand struggled to stretch forward, grasped a prominent corrosion handle on the cement wall, hung his lower half body in the sewage, caught his breath for a moment slightly, that familiar trembling feeling appeared once again in the body, transferred to the arms, suddenly felt the heat, and he felt his body a bit lighter suddenly…
Just like a civet, Sheilor that gaunt body had a very pretty turn in the air, he had already climbed up from the gradually slow water. He lied with face down on the cement floor, kept breathing on and on, the blood sweat and the sewage mixed together on his body, wetted his whole body, and sent out a peculiar stinky and frowzy smell.
Put his index finger into the throat to dig for a few times, vomited a lot of sewage, Sheilor that exhausted vitality got a bit better, he made sure that the cold metal bracelet was still on his wrist, the small equipment which was used to shield the federal electronic monitoring was still in the pocket as well, then he didn’t stay in situ any longer. He took a look at the environment all around, along the closest up-going gallery, he climbed up with the fastest speed.
Fengyu kicked him down to the sewage, the sewage rushed him to here, the distance between them two people wasn’t known how far. Of course, Sheilor knew what his boss meant to do that for, but he was still somewhat unwilling, he always felt that his boss was not a person who would give up himself easily. He climbed up to the ground with tooth and nail, got out from the manhole. The exit of the manhole was just right on an upland which was on the outskirt of the West River state capital, from the top to look down, he could see clearly the scene around within several miles.
Sheilor tried hard to distinguish the position around, but he found that he made a futile effort, those searching for him troop should have the very strong hidden ability, in the forest coverage rate as high as seventy percent on the suburb of the capital, tried to find the trace of the opposite side with the naked eye, it was really a very difficult thing.
Sheilor was reconciled to it, he continued to climb up to the top of the big tree on the hill, although he knew if he stayed over there a bit longer, it would be afraid of only one thing that he would be positioned by the electronic monitoring, but if he couldn’t see the silhouette of his boss with his own eyes, he would never rest assured.
At that moment when his toes got to the top of the tree, he saw what he wanted to see, and even saw what he didn’t want to see, his sight fell on the woods somewhere between the mines and here, he couldn’t move his eyes away for a long time. He had his face pale, the lips trembled, and the eyes filled with desperate emotion.
“Boss you said that you would have been alive, you still lied to me after all… Just same as in these years.” The youngster had his eyes wet gradually, because he knew in the next moment, maybe he would lose this like teacher and like friend uncle boss forever.
In the distant mountain forest, he saw the silhouette of uncle Fengyu, and he also saw, one, two, three, four… Seven… Eleven… Mechas!
…………
…………
In the temporary camp outside of the fourth block, the two color areas on the light screen overlapped together, and one of the color had been put into the specific coordinate position successfully, and turned into a light spot. The responsible for receiving the signal from the Capital Charter Bureau East Forest garrison command officers, in the first time, would transferred the coordinate position of the target 1 to the hands of all the action personnel.
After mechanic Fengyu had that long and without nutrition talk with Sheilor, it “successfully” put his own track to expose under the nose of the federal military. The more than one hundred been following the fuzzy color area to go on tracking special troops, and the responsible with full authority for this task Fourth Military Region mecha squad, which came from the distant West Forest especially, rushed to that valley with the fastest speed.
The dressed in camouflage soldiers were still sneaking forward in the mountain forest, but the mechas, which landed on the garrison command airport secretly from the West Forest commercial spacecraft, were leaving without a trace. In the twilight, the mountain forest was full of a kind of weird atmosphere.
The garrison command officers of the East Forest who paid attention to this action in the city, all had the suspicions in their hearts in succession, they had all kind of thoughts about the command by that colonel Lake. Even though the target 1 was the most extremely violent and wicked traitor in federal history, but the other party was just only a man all by himself at this time after all, so how could he be the opponent of this many elite forces?
The more important thing was, the Federation side dispatched eleven M52 standard system mechas! You should know that there were only forty same type powerful weapons in the whole East Forest garrison command. In front of the metal flood current, a fragile human, how could he make the resistance?
The twilight was like the blood, the edge of the woods was like burning up. Fengyu climbed out from the mine tunnel, he held his waist to gasp the deep breath, then he found out that he was really getting old. He took a look at the quiet environment around, had a flicker of taunt in his eye pupils, he thought in his mind that the Federation side really looked up to him.
The dash lineup? It looked like the same as that year, these soldiers had the order which was still shoot to kill… Fengyu sat on a big rock, took out the cigarettes from the coat pocket, lit up one and then took a deep inhale, and had the enjoyable expression on his face.
Fengyu didn’t know who was the officer leading the team this time, and he also didn’t know why the other party would be so careful, he didn’t order the soldiers to use the M52 to shoot the woods where he was in into scraps with their horrible speed chained steel bombs directly, but chose to narrow the ring of the encirclement step by step.
Those mechas had the camouflage function on, mixed with those big trees together, that would be really easy to cheat people’s eyes. But what were those lying with face down in the long grass special soldiers waiting for? Fengyu took a deep breath, the held between his dry lips cigarette was burning up suddenly, it burnt to the edge of the filter directly, the smoke covered his face.
This mouthful of smoke was really strong, it should be very great, mechanic Fengyu felt well to have his body trembled, it just trembled like that abruptly, that seemed to be wounded leg, also seemed to be infected by this kind of tremble, didn’t have any discomfort.
This kind of tremble came from every muscle and joint of the body, or even every cell, got to the limbs finally, Fengyu that grey hair hung down freely behind his back, that shabby jacket had the “Foo Foo” sound on his body, his both legs split slightly, the tremble was abnormally exaggerated, it seemed to be exaggerated that there were some humming sounds in the air. 
The mechanic had his legs trembled like the bowstring! His both hands trembled like the pressed to bend and ready to erupt arrow! The humming sounds in the air were getting thicker and thicker, and became the air explosion sound like a dull thunder finally!
Nobody knew since when that stone which was by Fengyu’s body got into his hands, and then became a cannonball, hit to the depths of the dense woods, had the crack sound, and then made a metal damaged strange sound.
His that slightly thick legs disappeared in situ with the tremble! Then skittered over those long grass in the next moment, trembling to circle to behind a tree, with the absolutely human couldn’t catch speed, he punched out fiercely with the right fist. 
The exposed outside hydraulic pipe of one M52 was hit broken by this naked punch! In the ejection of the machine oil as the explosion, the huge metal mecha suddenly lost its balance and fell down slowly!


Chapter 26
Ambush on all sides 

…………
………..
A painting in the eyes of different people, would represent the completely different meaning.
Behind the tall arbors in the ring of the encirclement in the valley, a painted into matte M52 was like a napping tiger, silently, squat down to one side with the ugly but practical posture. This was the individual mecha with the thickest armor and most powerful firepower of the federal military, the two alloy mechanical legs were nicknamed the frog legs by the soldiers. Just right above the frog legs, colonel Lake sat in the operating cabin, and he watched the place ahead alertly. 
With one mile for the benchmark distance, the came from the distance Fourth Military Region special mecha squad members scattered around the valley. Colonel Lake was their leader, of course he had the confidence that his B4 dash lineup could keep the perfect unified coordination, those crew members were just like his fingers, in the high hand speed, still could maintain the accuracy.
The mid-range weapons had already been energized in the pursuit procedure, at that moment when they affirmed the specific position of the target 1, the whole dash lineup had the front end a turn, they closed down that small valley directly. But colonel Lake didn’t launch the order to have the fire cover, although under the chained cover attack of the eleven M52, there should be no any carbon-based life survived, but before he could see the target by himself, colonel Lake didn’t dare to take the risk.
The high sensitivity probes sent the scenes of the valley back, colonel Lake saw that grey hair mechanic’s tired face and the wounds on his thigh, he had a breath of relief in his heart, a barehanded former soldier, the danger degree shouldn’t be as great as before.
But didn’t know why, colonel Lake still didn’t release any attack order, because he always had a kind of strange feeling, if they started the attack from this distance… Perhaps the target might really run away while it were in a mess, although this was the illogical thing which could be said by the logic, but more than ten years ago, in the valley that full of frustration on the face mechanic seemed to violate the logic, survived under the rage pursuit of the Ministry of National Defense, and lived for… More than ten years.
On the screen of the individual mecha operating cabin, the scene of the valley was shown clearly, that grey hair mechanic seemed to not notice anything at all, he lit up a cigarette? He was not in a hurry to run away, why would he light up a cigarette? He took a look at him? Colonel Lake that deformed sunglasses which was on his nose bridge had a shake, he looked at that look him in the eyes directly chill eyes on the screen, he didn’t know whether that mechanic was looking at him.
From such a long distance, surely it didn’t mean that the other party had already found his existence? Although colonel Lake had the extreme confidence for controlling the camouflage ability of the mecha, but he still had a flicker of chill in his heart, then he became not so confident.
Especially when he found out that the mechanic began to tremble with the wretched appearance, a strong uneasiness occupied his whole body, let him not want to wait any longer, so he gave the long distance attack order to the ten crew members directly!
But… On the screen that mechanic seemed to be able to calculate the mentality of the federal special mecha squad accurately, just right on the point zero one second before the long distance attack order was not totally transferred into the radio wave signal, the mechanic Fengyu moved!
The move was so fantastic.
The half-ton weigh rock was thrown out by the two arms of the mechanic, roared like a cannonball, hit on a been hidden carefully on the eleven o’clock direction M52, which had already gotten the force attack sniper cannon aim accurately!
The heavy armor outside of the M52 operating cabin was hit straightly from the shoulder, the stone chips flied disorderly, although it didn’t have the serious deformation, but under this powerful impact, the mecha crew member who was connecting to the electric unit induction chair of the operating cabin was still shocked to spit out the blood, in the short time, he couldn’t have any recover!
Half-ton rock could be thrown out as a grenade in that mechanic’s hands! What kind of amazing power would be needed? This mechanic was still a human being? Colonel Lake had his face full of shock, he calculated the odd power which the mechanic showed at the previous moment, he felt that he had the bitter on his lips.
And then, his eyes searched that the mechanic had already turned into a shadow, glided on the long grass in the valley, dashed toward behind a big tree!
“Number 7!” Colonel Lake had the harsh bawl in the interphone, wanted to remind the crew member who was hiding behind the tree. But everything was too late, he could only open his eyes to watch the mechanic to hit the hydraulic pipes behind M52 thick knees with his fist.
Colonel Lake had already known the relatively weak defense shortage of the M52, it was just right on the jointing place behind the knee, but he never thought that before, a barehanded people, with only his own fist, could break that made of alloy steel hydraulic pipe!
The previous flying rock showed the mechanic that extremely arrogant force, the next moment the trembling legs and gliding on the long grass showed the mechanic Fengyu that horrific speed, and the broke M52 hydraulic pipe fist seemed to show the intensity of his body to these federal soldiers.
Just in a moment, the still didn’t have time to attack mecha squad had already lost two mechas, one of the M52 was hit by the giant rock, shock-wounded the crew member in the operating cabin, the mecha was like a drunk walker trying to maintain its balance, not to fall from the hillside. And the mecha which was facing Fengyu’s attack directly behind the big tree looked unbearably miserable.
The shot toward the sky mecha was shined into the palpitating blood by the twilight, on the other side of the blood curtain, in front of the giant mecha, that seemed to be unparalleled tiny silhouette appeared to be extremely strong.
At this moment, in the valley, the special mecha squad members and the special soldiers of the East Forest garrison command were all shocked blankly.
That grey hair mechanic, he was not like a human being, at least, he was not a normal people. There would no normal people dare to confront the mecha in this world, but Fengyu proved, in front of the strong personal power, the metal mecha of the mechanical civilization was also not the existence which couldn’t be resisted.
…………
……….
The special mecha squad of the West Forest Region, which colonel Lake led, was responsible for the hunt down task suggested by the Charter Bureau, and got the recognition by the Ministry of National Defense and the Secret Service, this was because in the war with the Empire in the previous years, the strong combat forces of the Fourth Military Region won the respect and trust of the whole Federation. But when they faced the sudden misfortune today, the been always cold and gritty colonel Lake still felt his mind swayed, because he found out that the strength shown by the target of this action, was never seen in the battlefield before, and was also never studied in the Second Military Academy.
But the strong nerve of the federal military, just let the whole formation had a slightly delayed, the still in good condition mechas and the heavy firepower deployments launched in a twinkling, the mid-range weapons began to release the energy and metal bullets to the direction of the big tree, even if there was their companion over there, they must also respond in the first time, to kill that treason mechanic!
The bullets cut that big tree into countless flying fragments in the air easily, the horrible gunfire sound covered all the existences in the valley. Just in a moment, countless ammunitions bombarded densely on the place behind the big tree.
“Can number 7 shore up to it?” Colonel Lake led five M52 to rush to that side with the fastest speed along the road in the valley, there were no any leak for the ring of the encirclement, he had the worry for his own squad members in his heart.
But in the next moment, he had his eye pupils narrowed slightly, he pressed on the button next to his side with the heavy and determined mood. From that moment, the IFF(Identification Friend or Foe System) was removed, the unlimited attack began, that been broken hydraulic pipe mecha also became the attack target of the countless fire!
Because he found out, the mechanic that same as ghost silhouette had already climbed up to the abdomen of that lamed mecha, no one knew with what kind of ways, he easily opened the shield of the mecha unexpectedly and would be going to open the operating cabin!


Chapter 27
The enchanting finger and angry starlight

…………
…………
Fengyu broke the hydraulic pipe with one punch, the mecha behind the tree fell down backward, but he climbed to the abdomen of the mecha with the fastest speed. His hands were still trembling, kept moving on the giant and cold surface of the mecha, but his movement was abnormally gentle, it was like the whole body trembling beginner because of nervousness, touching his favorite woman— But just the body of this woman was a bit too big.
The picture was very strange, the toppled and fell M52, in the touch by mechanic Fengyu’s trembling two hands, kept springing on and on, the mechanical arms outstretched and contracted rapidly. Along with the “Hiss” sound of the motor, the mecha twisted on the ground, appeared extraordinarily uneasy and bashful, and seemed like that it was afraid of tickling or like enchanting to pander to somebody. 
Because of the spring and twist of this M52, it blocked a few long-range sniper bullets for the above Fengyu successfully. Compared with the lustful movement of the mecha which was under his body, Fengyu’s expression was unusually solemn, he kept on the movement of his hands carefully, in the shortest time, removed all the external defense functions of this mecha.
This was very intriguing, the army system mecha seemed to become the dull toy in Fengyu’s hands, or should be said that it was more like a puppet, the mecha movements, which should be controlled by the central control computer from the operating cabin, appeared along with the touch which Fengyu put on the mechanical joints of the mecha.
Fengyu’s hands seemed to have a kind of magic, he knew the mecha well, as if it was the part of his own body, just in the time of one second, he had already removed all the resistances of this mecha, opened the operating cabin which was on the abdomen of the mecha successfully, revealed the inside that extremely shocked but still young face of the Fourth Military Region mecha soldier!
…………
…………
“Stop him!” Colonel Lake didn’t send out this command, he was shocked to watch that scene, he knew that he had to make an effective response in the shortest time. With all the preparations that the Federation had, even the mechanic could knock down a couple mechas, he still would not be able to get out from the valley alive, but once he could really grab a mecha, who knew what would happen after that?
Even when he got into some kind of shocked mood, colonel Lake still admired to those scenes which were showed on the light screen to the extreme, previously, the power mechanic Fengyu showed was too much and not like a human should have, so colonel Lake didn’t have any thoughts other than shocked. But right now, the mechanic was more like a chef to control a mecha through the external mechanical joints, this kind of skill really made him to have the unparalleled admiration.
“He is really worthy of the machine maintenance teacher who came out from our Second Academy.” Colonel Lake thought of that when he just went into the Second Military Academy more than ten years ago, that stood on the mecha operating platform every day, that touched every inch of the mecha skin like touching the lover middle-aged teacher, they this group of students all thought this teacher was very abnormal at that time. But he just didn’t know until today, his this teacher’s kinky reflected on the powerful aspect. 
The power of the high-energy compression cabin was raised to the highest gear in a flash, the bulky mechanical legs of the M52 hit on the ground of the valley fiercely, that shocked the heavy mecha body flew to the midair. Had the good view, the flew out colonel Lake didn’t have any hesitation any more, the chained magazine which was set up on the right arm launched the flames rapidly in a twinkling, fired at that springing incessantly mecha which was behind the tree.
“I’m sorry, number seven.” Lake said to himself in his heart, because he knew that under this kind of strong fire attack, the mechanic Fengyu would be dead without any doubt, but the crew member in the operating cabin would also don’t have any way out.
…………
…………
With the sound “Pa”, Fengyu turned his wrist, crumbled the wrist of the soldier who was inside the mecha, slapped off his self-defense bayonet which was carried with him, and then cut on his neck with the palm, cut him fainted, and then wormed his way into the mecha just like a loach.
The M52 which Lake was in was still in the midair right at this time, the mechanic’s actions were shown clearly on the light screen, he didn’t worry about it at all, because he knew the cabin’s shutting time of the M52, it must be too late.
However, his eye pupils shrank once again immediately, because he found himself underestimated the means of his target again. At the same time when the mechanic wormed his way into the cabin, his left hand which was hung down behind his body seemed to slap on the side of the alloy cabin door very randomly— Just by this slap, the cabin door of the mecha had the response right away, it shut up tightly! The fierce fire struck on the M52 which was on the ground in a twinkling, struck out countless sparks, the alloy surface was all messed and damaged, but it was not punctured through!
A M52 rushed down from the top of the valley, the on the ground M52 flipped up from the ground suddenly, in a flash, two mechas crashed into each other violently!
The distance between both sides was too close, colonel Lake would have to abandon the thought to attack from the long range. He popped out the sharp particle knife from the mecha wrist bravely, turned the body half way in the air, stabbed at the abdomen of the other side’s mecha ruthlessly!
With the armor broken sound “pooh”, the just sprang up from the ground M52 which was stopped most maneuvering capabilities by the mechanic, didn’t steered by this stab unexpectedly, the abdominal armor was punctured through, the sparks splashed everywhere!
Colonel Lake didn’t have any bit of joy in his heart, he didn’t understand how the target could stay in the single operating cabin with number seven at the same time, and he also didn’t think that his this stab could let the other side lost all the maneuvering capabilities.
Just right at this time, he found out that the two heavy mechanical arms of the other party’s mecha had already taken on his shoulders quietly!
And then, these two mechanical arms started to tremble! Colonel Lake felt that his own mecha began to tremble as well! He thought of earlier in the valley, that the mechanic Fengyu had the violent attack like the tiger after the tremble, colonel Lake had the alert to the extreme, he had a shout loudly in the operating cabin, the hand speed was lifted to the highest level, the empty hands had all the power fired, he risked the absolute danger to use the heavy weapons in the close range, and would not be willing to let go of the other party.
But the movement of colonel Lake was still too slow, just right at the same time when his fingers pressed on the button with the high speed, that strand of fierce and hard to bear tremble had already spread to his mecha, just in a flash, it made the central control system of the mecha to have the frequent data chaos, and let the mecha to be out of control temporarily!
…………
…………
The howling wind sound blew up, the M52 which the mechanic Fengyu seized had the both arms flapped, along with this extremely concise movement, the mecha’s own maneuvering force burst out the tremendous strength, it threw the M52 which colonel Lake was in to the distant midair directly!
The thrown-out M52 just opened the heavy weapons, three lines of very gorgeous fires were ejected to come out endlessly, however, the mecha itself was turning the circle in the air, these fires were all fired to the air and the ground, made the sound “poop, poop” unstoppably, smashed the stones, and shattered the trees!
The dragging three fire tails M52 mecha missed the target, on the contrary, let the following behind mecha squad and special troop military unit suppressed to not dare to look up!
Colonel Lake who was inside the in midair mecha tried to recapture the control again with tooth and nail, he just hoped that he wouldn’t be the thrown to death special mecha petty officer with humiliation. His body was all cold, he had the frustrated feeling filled with his heart. On the one hand, he was frightened by the stunning mecha operation ability of the target. On the other hand, he scolded severely on the intelligence of the Charter Bureau. He didn’t know that until then, what kind of horrific existence was the first level sequence target.
The faith of the colonel Lake was smashed to pieces just in this one encounter. And those special mecha squad members of the Fourth Military Region also had the feeling that the target was hard to defeat arose in their hearts. If that treason mechanic didn’t snag the mecha, they still had the confidence to kill the other party. But the other party… had already snagged a mecha successfully, they these people could still kill the other party?
In the fluttering all over the air bullets, that M52 had its body trembled, moved quickly with a kind of absurd posture, it was not hit by anything at all. The black system style let this mecha itself full of dignified feeling, but just this kind of quick movement in the bullet rain made this M52 to become coquettish!
The fire got light gradually in the valley, because the ambushing people found out, they couldn’t have any way to hit that coquettish mecha at all! They gazed at that jumping on the hillside black mecha blankly, just like looking at a monster. They knew it clearly, this kind of weird feeling was not because this M52 itself had some kind of ultra-era technological content, but because of that man who was inside the cabin of the mecha!
The Federation’s hunting down mechanic action was unfolded once again more than ten years later, surely it didn’t mean that it would be another shameful failure welcoming the Federation?
It was getting dark, some hazy stars were floating on the edge of the East Forest Region’s night sky, it seemed that even the night sky over the federal civilization didn’t want to see this scene to be happened, so a star lit up very strangely.
Just in the such as blood twilight, an area lit up on the no stars sky, a light beam full of destruction energy meaning ejected from there, it tore open the full of dust upper atmosphere over the East Forest Region in an instant, tore open the space, hit vertically on the ground, and hit that jumping like a monster black mecha!
This light beam was powerful and ruthless, it ignored the trembling dance steps of that M52, in its eyes, this trying to break out of the encirclement mecha was just a clown.


Chapter 28
The big explosion

…………
…………
The surrounded killing started in the valley, the holding the cigarette in the mouth boss Fengyu had his body a shake, turned himself into the prehistoric monster and cast the stone to attack, then turned into the enchanting mechanic to get close to the mecha, unloaded the defensive capability of one of the M52 successfully, and then took control of the mecha, shook the ace mecha of the federal special mecha squad into a dragging fire tail embarrassed firebird violently, and until finally incarnated himself into the demon black shadow in the shrapnel which were all over the sky… All these scenes fell into Sheilor’s eyes.
He had been standing on the top of a big tree on the hill which was far away, his palms held tightly on the branch by his side to keep balance, changed his countenance incomparably to watch all of these far away. Although he was far away from there, but he still felt that it was pretty impressive. His body had been trembling, made the birds which were in the tree flight away successively and flight into the twilight.
Of course, this was not the strange skill he learnt from uncle Fengyu, but instead it was the fear and excitement of the instinct. He thought that uncle boss would be hit to kill by the military in a flash, or even thought that uncle boss had already tired of the fugitive life, and then chose the means to finish himself in a rapid way. But, he didn’t think of the development of the coming up plot was this magnificent, besides it made him drenched in sweat, it also made him nervous to have the desire to want to throw up.
Especially that pair of trembling legs of his boss, the intrepid strength broken out from the trembling body, and the intrepid performance after he got into the mecha at last, all gave the far away spectator Sheilor the chance to learn, opened a completely different window for him.
Maybe only Sheilor knew what the matter of those trembling was in this world, the youngster looked at the valley in shock, he thought in his mind quietly, his boss hadn’t  practiced and performed in the last four years, maybe he was too lazy to practice any more, but even so, he was still strong enough to fight with the mecha face to face… This was what kind of ridiculous life and body!!!
No matter in the novels or in the movies, Sheilor never saw a strong figure such like this, once he thought of this figure had been getting along with him by his side day and night for the last four years, he had the feeling at a loss in his heart instantly, he felt faintly those things which his boss taught him, might let his life get onto a totally different path.
But Sheilor still couldn’t imagine that he would become the non human like his boss in the future, that would be too inconceivable. The window was opened, the grassland on the outside was still broad and borderless. The path was right in front of the eyes, but he didn’t know where the end was. The youngster was just gazing at all the movements over there in a trance, he didn’t have any ambitions, he also didn’t even have the extravagant hope to become a strongman such like that, because he knew there were at least tens of light years distance, between the ability he had right now from the realm his boss showed in the valley.
But no matter what, watching the figure of the black mecha which his boss was in almost ran away from the tight encirclement, ran away from the encirclement of the federal military easily, Sheilor’s mood was still incomparably relaxed and joyful, he didn’t have the twitch in his crotch any more, he was ready to sneak down of the tree, find a quiet place to execute the task which his boss handed to him, hide under the eyelids of the federal monitoring, and never come out again. 
Just when all the things were developing in the right direction, he looked back subconsciously, saw that beam of light, that beam shot down at the right angle from the ash-red sky above and bombed to the valley maliciously light.
The twilight was already deep right at this time, half of the night sky had already turned into black ash, there were only a few star lights flashing the dim light occasionally, but there was no any trace of the star light on the night sky over the valley, there was only the empty space. Just right in this empty space, soundless and stirless, there was a beam of light suddenly falling down without any omen!
Sheilor stared at this scene astonished, he had a slip on his foot, almost fell down from the tree, he had to grasp that branch desperately. But the coming up blare and big explosion, let the whole green mountains and plains of the West River State all shaken up, it also shocked him down from the tree naturally.
…………
…………
The about one meter diameter beam of light was extremely pure white, but it didn’t have the holy flavor like what was said in the religious books. It was full of the destructing and powerful means, just  in this kind of situation which no one would expect in the valley, hit directly on the black M52 mecha which was trying to run away on the hillside.
That accomplished its task with ease even in the siege, or even felt extremely coquettish black mecha, in this beam of light,  was just like a poor and humble insect, it didn’t even have a chance to make a dodge movement, was hit directly. The super strong alloy armor was torn apart by the white light beam in the twinkling of an eye, the countless circuit chips and parts were destroyed by the huge energy like the fish scales, shot to all around!
…………
…………
No one could survive in this kind of attack from the outer space, but the power of the light beam was still not over yet, after it entered the earth’s crust, it caused a round of violent explosion, within the five hundred meter range with the black mecha as the center, the whole ground was vulnerable like the surface of the cooked-through cookie, burst and opened, shaking and twisting, rose and fell to move around!
After a huge blare, the special force of the East Forest garrison command who were in the bush on the mountainside were shocked up highly, most of the people were shocked to death livingly, and the stayed a bit farther away special mecha squad also couldn’t stand the strong power such like this, they all fell onto the ground successively, in the strong turbulent current of the electromagnetic wave, they couldn’t make a move in a short time.
The living freely in the valley animals and birds had the miserable sound repeatedly, nobody had the idea how many trees had collapsed, and even the branch which was in the even farther away hillside Sheilor’s hands, was also broken into two pieces. His body was like the thread-broken kite, smashed onto the mud heavily, he couldn’t climb up after a long, long time.
He stared at the valley that side in astonishment, although he could no longer see anything, but he seemed to see the tragic appearance of his boss after the tragedy. He didn’t have any fluke mind any more, because under the attack of the federal civilization’s sophisticated weapon, who else could still survive? Right at that moment, Sheilor understood something, at least he understood that sentence which his boss told him earlier in the mine tunnel, “You want to know what the explosion in that very year was like?  Maybe you can see it in a very short while.”
Yes, Sheilor saw the light beam, saw the explosion, so he understood now, that explosion of the military supply depot in that war more than ten years ago, it was afraid of only one thing that it was just like the similar scene, only because the military supply depot was full of the ammunitions, thus the scale was much larger.
His boss was really treated unjustly, maybe this cognition could make Sheilor that poor sense of justice a little better, but it still couldn’t erase the incomparably full-tasting pain from his face. He had a wipe on his eyes, under the cover of the chance while the army was also in panic in the valley, forced himself to hold on his tired body, and ran down toward the night of the downhill.
The power of the instrument had already been filled well once again, the youngster pressed on the button, let the light blue light covered himself, and then began the escape. He told himself, he need to be alive, he need to be alive well, he need to live with both that share of his boss and that share of his own.
…………
…………
When Sheilor began on the trip of the escape, in the outer space four hundred miles away from the surface of the East Forest Region, that all body floated with silver light, and very beautiful commercial spacecraft of the West Forest, began to have the position adjustment once again.
“The attack is accomplished.” The captain of the shuttle looked at that little black dot after the explosion on the light screen, he said after a moment of silence, “return to the eight hundred mile orbit.” 


Chapter 29
The  Antique Bell 

The Antique Bell was one of the biggest spacecraft of the Antique Bell company, the ability of the continuous voyage was also in the top ten in the whole Federation. And the Antique Bell company was also the largest company of the West Forest Region  of the Federation, its scope of business spread all over in every field, its capital was extremely tremendous. But even the Management Committee of the West Forest Region had investigated for hundreds years with the CFIA(Company Freedom of Information Act), they still couldn’t look into it totally, who was the capital owner behind this giant company.
A lot of people were in guessing, in addition to the Federal Assets Committee, several families which had the most tremendous actual strength in the West Forest Region were still behind the curtain of this company. Or even some people associated it faintly, the Antique Bell company might have some kind of relationship with the Forth Military Region, which had already stationed in the West Forest Region for many years and had the super position.
This time, in order to cooperate with the federal plan, the Antique Bell company sent this spacecraft to the East Forest Region, brought with the West Forest greetings and the officials, opened up a series of exchanges with the government and the folks. On the surface, all these activities were just to cover the action of the special mecha squad of the Forth Military Region. But who would ever expect, the real deadly strike to give this treason mechanic, was this spacecraft itself on the contrary!
Except for a commercial spacecraft, how might the space weapons which were controlled severely by the military be allowed to carry?
The captain of the Antique Bell spacecraft was a big fat man, through the thermo-sensitive instrument and the imaging system of the East Forest satellites, after he confirmed the effect of earlier that vertical heavy artillery, he rested his heart assured, breathed heavily to lean on the couch, took over that cup of still warm coffee from his secretary, and drank a few mouths without knowing the taste.
“When colonel Lake come back, he might be very angry.” The secretary reminded the captain in a whisper. According to the general allocation, the captain should be assigned an affair officer by his side, but this fat man obviously didn’t have the consciousness of the enterprise, he regarded himself as some kind of official. Because in fact, he was an official originally.
The face of the fat captain was very gentle, but the thrilled through cold light in his eyes occasionally could show his true character, he said in a soft voice, “if Lake could accomplish the task, of course I wouldn’t take this kind of risk to open the main gun.”
Having a flicker of gloomy color in the brows which was occupied by pulp lines, the fat captain bit his teeth and said in pain, “one cannon wiped out half of the company’s yearly energy quotas, do you think that I don’t have the heartburn? Lake that boy really fucking let me down, how much money the military region spent to keep them the special mecha squad every year?”
“There is no other way, the Capital have the dead command over there, the President Office, the Charter Bureau, and the Ministry of the National Defense all gave the pressure to commander, it’s impossible for us to spare these energy.” The secretary shrugged his shoulders and said, “the problem was settled, I have to run in a rush, I still have to report and explain to the regional office and the governing committee of the East Forest Region, and also need to show them the command of the Federation. Otherwise, I think this exchange between the East Forest and West Forest will be dashed to pieces, the battleships of the East Forest garrison command would come up to here to surround us with anger.”
“Give them  four times courage.” The fat captain flashed a flicker of taunt in his eyes, “the East Forest here has already been decadent too long, you just need to show the secret order of the Federation to the regional office. I think these officials wouldn’t dare to do anything to our Forth Military Region, but then again… The Military Region really lost all the face on this fucking damn planet in that very year, and today we at least got some back as well.”
The secretary shrugged his shoulder once again, he joint the Antique Bell company after he retired as a civilian officer, not like the captain these guys, until now still kept the military status of the Fourth Military Region in the dark. So he didn’t understand, why his comrades of the Fourth Military Region would always have such strong animosity to the East Forest Region. It’s clearly that the East Forest and the West Forest were located on the different ends of the Federation, they were apart very far away, they might not likely deal with each other for years.
The captain cabin was back to quiet, the fat captain put the cold coffee by his side carefully, open the confidential line, looked at that  without any motion head portrait, with the incomparable respect, or even some flatteries to bow down his head and said, “boss, we succeeded.”
The head portrait was a middle-aged man, dressed in a well-ironed dark military uniform, the gold stars and the silver lines on the shoulders clearly show the scaring military rank of this serviceman. The communication between the East Forest and the West Forest needs at least fourteen minutes, so the head portrait of that middle-aged general remained motionless, it’s like a puppet, but the deep brows and the cold eyes still let people feel the endless pressure.
The fat captain swallowed a saliva down, he kept saying, “just to kill that mechanic… It took half of the yearly energy quotas, but this is the mission sent down from the Federation, you see whether we should send a letter to the President Office, let the Ministry of National Defense and the Energy Committee to have some coordination, give the company… Some sort of compensation?”
He thought of a problem suddenly, before the head portrait which he revered the most moved on the light screen, he bulged his face and said, “there’s one more thing… Miss still refuses to eat today.”
After he finished this sentence, this gave order to open the main gun while laughing, made the mecha as smoke and ashes, and ruined countless green land of the East Forest suburb fat captain shut off the communication device in advance, then warped up his bottom to run out of the captain’s cabin.
…………
…………
Sheilor also didn’t have any food today yet. With the cover of the big explosion, he ran down from the hill. With the aid of the chaos on the West River state suburb, he got into the underground sewer once again successfully, ran like all possessed, and he finally ran into a pathless woods.
Sat his bottom down onto the thick leaves, shook some fusty taste up, the youngster had the pant rapidly, felt the extreme exhaustion and hunger in his body, his heart was also very tired, the tiredness was because of the sadness. No matter who experienced the things such like today, the mind would have the very strong impact,  moreover he was not up to eighteen years old yet.
It was already in the dead of the night at this time, some “Pa Pa” noise sounded above the woods suddenly, the rain fell down without any excuses, shook up the dust which was covered by the fallen leaves, and let the whole woods pervaded a share of the dust taste.
The dusty Sheilor had his eyes full of sorrow. He closed his eyes, had a bite on his lips hard, took a deep breath, took a look at the shielding device which was held tightly in his hand. He found that the blue light was getting lighter and lighter, at most it would lose its effectiveness in two minutes.
Let’s begin.
Sheilor looked at that metal bracelet which was on his wrist somewhat callously, he touched it slightly with his finger, showed the inside those metal wires and those tiny chips, he felt that his heartbeat was getting stronger and stronger and the body was getting weaker and weaker. The pain on the nape came from the bone, transferred to the whole body, and it’s incomparably cold.
The new life, was waiting for him.


Chapter 30
The new life in the storm

The raindrops were getting bigger and bigger, more and more urgent, fell on the big leave autumn woods of the West River state suburb, made the “Pa Pa” noise, just like the war drums in the ancient battlefield, rang up the stimulating rhythm, urged people to match forward bravely, match, and match.
In the already all drenched fall woods, the rain wet out all the trunks and the dead leaves, and also wet out Sheilor’s body. Staring at the like little stars chips which were inside of the bracelet, the youngster emerged the incomparably complex emotion in his heart.
Once he changed the whole new chip into his body, that would represent the totally unknown future, the completely new life, cut off all the relationships with the past, and no more what friends or family… Of course, he didn’t have any relatives before, and not many friends neither… But the coffee of the West River state, the beer of the West River state, the Bell Tower Street of the West River state, the girls of the West River state, the operating room in the mine tunnel, the repair shop on the Vanilla Avenue, the library of the State university, and this invariable somber sky, all of these memories, would say goodbye just like this?
Sheilor’s fingers kept trembling, he knew that once he stuck that thin like hair metal wire into his own nape, all of these would be changed, maybe it would be good, maybe it would be extremely bad, who knew?
Facing the most difficult and the easiest choice in his life, Sheilor made up his mind in just more than ten seconds with the sedation not to his age, because the getting dim in the rain blue light reminded him, the federal electronic monitoring would find him in a moment later. If he wanted to live, wanted to live freely, then he might no longer be Sheilor this person.
Wiped off the dripping down rain from the face ruthlessly, exposed the clean skin under the dust, Sheilor read a few gabby words in low voice, the emotion in his eyes was getting calmer and calmer, that pair of hands were no longer trembling, he was abnormally steady to pull out the metal wire from the bracelet, aimed at his own nape and stuck it in slowly.
About how to change the chip, the earlier pop-up faint light screen had already taught Sheilor, but the action what this youngster was doing right at this time, after all, was the abnormally terrible and ridiculous thing in his cognition, he even didn’t hear of that anyone could forge the Verichip, could dodge off the cover of the First Charter’s splendor-- He didn’t have too much confidence, his hands were still not shaking, but just seemed extraordinarily slow.
This was the reason why the mechanic Fengyu admired him the most, he had the a kind of natural control power to the metal machinery chip, the more important thing was no matter in what kind of dangerous situation, the youngster would always keep calm, even it was just the calm of the surface.
In the situation with no related instruments to help, changing the body chip for himself, there must be a pair of most stable hands and a most immobile heart in this world, it happened that Sheilor had them all. Even though he was so tire to possibly fall into sleep at anytime, the hunger made his eyes somewhat scattered, the sadness made his eye rims still red in the blunt rinse of the rain, but his hands were still steady. Perhaps just because Fengyu believed in this youngster’s ability, he would  consign this so precious heritage to him.
The very fine wire remained in the place 0.5MM close to the skin steadily, the rain in the fall woods avoided the metal wire knowing how to behave in a delicate situation very much, didn’t interfere with this nobody knew, but enough to shock the whole Federation work.
Just right at this time, the strange thing happened, the originally not quivered at all sharp tip of the wire, suddenly seemed to smell some kind of very sweet peach blossom smell, began to tremble.
The metal wire tip trembled and vibrated in a very small range quickly, the speed was quicker and quicker, it was so fast that the naked eyes couldn’t see it at all, it was so fast that the rain couldn’t hit it at all, it seemed to sense something, it kept searching for it, with the attached on it little electric charge as the power source to keep searching, searched on the bare nape skin of Sheilor… There was a layer of small lumps showed on Sheilor’s nape, all caused by the nervousness, let the rain to rinse freely, but not dare to move a bit. Don’t know how long it had passed, just heard a “Dee” light sound, the been quivering quickly metal wire tip, suddenly came into the absolute quiescent condition!
The metal wire kept the strange bending state, the tip aimed at a place on Sheilor’s nape in the quiescent condition, in the midst of rain and wind, the blue low current began to accumulate, just like a extremely sharp sword, only wait for the drawing.
A lightning lit up the dark suburb sky in the wind and rain, with the “Crack” sound, the thunder rumbling spread throughout the whole world. The snake-like lightning carved a demon strange mark in the air, and also shined the fall woods slightly brighter, just right in the momentary brightness, the figure of that kneeled in the rain youngster suddenly had a stiff.
The metal wire extended 3 CM automatically with the sound “Chi”, easily planted into Sheilor’s nape, and then the metal wire began to quiver like all possessed, just like a sword trying hard to break through the defense of the armor. Or like a poison snake launching attack like lightning, biting the prey, keeping to infuse the poison, and wanting to give the target the finishing stroke!
If there was somebody on the spot at this time, he might be certain to find out, the figure of that kneeling in the wind and rain youngster began to tremble painfully after the stiff, and also find out that the skin on the youngster’s nape seemed to become transparent, the light blue current was wandering and struggling in the place of his cervical vertebra.
In the wind and rain, the fall woods suddenly had an extra slightly burnt smell, Sheilor that not too big eyes opened roundly in pain, his face looked abnormally horrible, he felt the incomparable scorching heat in his body, especially the pain from the nape even made him hardly wished to be alive. But it happened that share of weak and low current kept coming to his body from the metal wire, connected with his nerve system, and let him to suffer this agonizing torture soberly.
Let it over a bit quicker, it doesn’t matter even if it fails. The been like a rock pure-hearted and determined youngster Sheilor, finally couldn’t stand it any more at this moment, he felt the blood seemed to be boiling up in his body, it’s very dry and thirsty in his mouth, and his whole body was in pain like hit by the lightning.
Just when he was almost going to give it up, it seemed to have some kind of sound on his nape, it’s like the sound of his most familiar circuit chip assembled successfully, or like the sword backed into the sheath once again.
The rainstorm hit on the fall woods, wet the whole world, Sheilor’s gaunt figure trembled in pain, his fingers left the metal wire feebly, his whole body kneeled on the woods ground in the rain, a kind of unspeakable pain and feeling, let his body bow up, then got up with the face up, and screamed painfully to the torrential rain falling down from the sky!
The rain hit him in the face, made him feel pain very much, and then slipped down to his body. He kneeled in the rain, but he still felt the pain and scorching heat in his whole body. He prayed to the dark sky in his heart somewhat absent-mindedly, let the storm come more fiercely.
And then he had his mind empted, turned on his side dejectedly and feebly, and fell down on the dirty leaves in the rain.


Chapter 31
The anomaly of the changes

When Sheilor woke up, the rain had already stopped, the thick dark clouds also left the night sky, showed the few lonely countable stars above. There were only a few stars could be seen over the sky of the East Forest Region originally. Sheilor lay on the ground, narrowed his eyes and distinguished which one was which one. Just like that common words in the novels, of course he certainly wouldn’t know how long it had already passed. His wrist watch had already been replaced by the bracelet, and under the mind crush of the severely painful coma, the time for him at this moment, appeared to be extraordinarily fuzzy.
It’s not that comfortable to lie on the wet ground, although those soaked in the rainwater fallen leaves were very soft, just like the bed quilt, but the smell was very bad. But Sheilor didn’t climb up from the ground, because he was very tired, very hungry and very weak, a kind of from bone to muscle weariness oozed out from the pores of his skin, made him didn’t want to move a bit at all.
He just lay quietly in the after rain fall woods, opened his that pair of eyes, looked at that not so clear sky over his head, until long, long time later, he then struggled to climb up and heaved a long sigh. The contents in this sigh was too abundant, so that the young age him even began to have the taste of the vicissitude.
The floating blue light shielding device had already lost its effectiveness, but Sheilor had lain in the wet woods for that long, there still no federal army or the police came to search for him. This fact let 
Sheilor confirmed one thing, and his mood was extremely complex.
Took a look at the as good as new metal bracelet on his left wrist, Sheilor kept silent for a moment, turned his hand to have a touch on the nape that place, he felt a small wound and felt the little pain on it. He knew the chip in his body had already been replaced by the one which was made by his boss personally, and outsmarted the surveillance of the electronic monitoring successfully.
From this moment on, Sheilor would not be Sheilor any more, he helped himself to stand up on the tree trunk, sucked that drop of blood which was in between his fingers into the mouth carefully, swayed his weak body, made use of the dim light of the night, and walked toward the outside of the woods. While he was walking difficultly, he recalled the information from the bracelet, hoped to get used to his new identity within the shortest possible time, otherwise, he would give the show away at any time.
The new chip and the new identity showed on the light screen just like this, it still was that simply pure-heated and sentimental face, still was the same resident numbers of the East Forest Region. But only with the totally different life growth process. This identity came from the capital, this time should just graduated from the high school, finished the military service, was in the status of the half-unemployment, and there should be no any special places to cause the notice from the authority. And then the name of this identity was…
“Sheilor? Still the same Sheilor?”
didn’t know whether changed the chip let Sheilor’s spirit had some excursion, or earlier that storm washed away that layer of dullness which he hid  in his character, or just because of the death of uncle Fengyu, let him to make up his mind to live better. In short, the walking down the hill in a difficult position Sheilor looked at that ID on the light screen, had a squawk with the behavior not corresponding to his character, and then fell onto the ground heavily.
“Uncle did it too much, it’s clearly that this identity is ready for me to use, why he didn’t tell me earlier that it would be so painful, moreover… Still named Sheilor? He really didn’t worry about that I would be captured by the troops…”
“Besides the boss, probably I’m the first one to escape the electronic monitoring fugitive in history, what an exciting thing it is.” The youngster muttered in his mouth, rubbed the fell-pain bottom, had a wipe on his eyes, and disappeared in the night.
…………
…………
The night sky was spotlessly clean after the rain, extremely peace and quiet, the made body pleasant anions filled up the woods. After Sheilor left from this place, the 19.995 MHZ electromagnetic wave had a sweep on here, it didn’t receive any weak signal. Yet earlier the suddenly interrupted signal node was still recorded down honestly, the all over the whole federal society electronic monitoring network received the report back in the first time, and in the shortest time, launched it to the East Forest Region network which was composed by seventeen satellites.
With the most concise logic compute mode, the information-gather satellite had some kind of judgment which accorded with the statement logic, gave it the specific character of the outsourcing, cut it into three information clips, accorded the established model, sent them to the faint deep space. All of these was only the normal reaction of the federal electronic monitoring network, there was not central computer in each region, they could only proceed the gathering and analysis with the digital matrix.
The disappearance of an information node, represented the death of one citizen. This kind of separation of the life and death was too common in the federal society, it would happen at every day, every moment, every minute and every second. The information gathering satellite of course would not consider this as any anomaly, if it had the human emotion, it’s afraid that it would just put a big yawn on this section of information to express bored.
The three information clips were given the encryption character in the beginning, they set out from the satellites which were over the sky of the East Forest Region, through three different routes in the space separately, after nine information amplification acceleration apace stations, crossed the extremely remote distance, crossed don’t know how many nebulas, finally after four minutes and twelve seconds, entered into the atmosphere of the Capital Planet of the federal Upper Forest Region, after got through the information amplification and filtration for the last time, and then got into the large receiving instrument behind the building which was located on the Capital suburb.
In the gloomy basement of the strict Federal Charter Bureau, the walking in a hurry dressed in black officials, the extremely quiet central operating room behind the super large mote-resistant glass, the loyal executor of the First Charter splendor, the computing power was extremely powerful, the database was abnormal huge federal central computer, made up the seemed boring day after day, but actually intense life.      
Those three sections of very not eye-catching information got into the central computer, the flashing picture on the huge screen had a pause for a moment at this moment, and then got back to the normal as usual immediately.
No staff had found the abnormality of the central computer, because in the past countless years, in the backroom where the central computer was located, never the human participation was needed, instead, for the security of the central computer, the underground computing main center department of the Charter Bureau was totally separated from the other analysis departments, only connected through the cable or the high security wireless network.
So, the officials of the Charter Bureau were very sorry to miss those few lines of small light characters.
“Citizen number: DLAS420500481X information node disappeared, name: Sheilor, note: Federal plan 4427 target 2, death confirmed.”
“Warning: This is the extension of the level 1 sequence.” 
“Serious warning: Thirty percent possibility, citizen Sheilor gets into the abnormal situation, serial number is 72, citizen Sheilor gets into the abnormal situation, serial number is 72.”
“Reply: Search autonomously, if found, establish the contact initiatively, if target refuses, then establish the observation system, submit a report to the government for reference.”
“The abnormal situation process program 1, over.”


Chapter 32
The things abandoned me

…………
…………
The early morning sunlight shined on that messed into a pile quilt in the bed through the glass window, the fine dust particles flew like the insects in the bright light in the air, seemed like that they never have the tired feeling that moment. The warm autumn day, the flying light dust, didn’t let the shrank in the quilt youngster to exclaim the beautiful life, he was still like an ostrich, buried his head in the bosom, and continued to sleep. Until a very long, long time later, then he opened his eyes unwillingly, spread out his limbs on the bed, and looked at the white ceiling over his head blankly and was silent.
From the moment opened the eyes, yesterday the more than ten hours craziness pored into Sheilor’s mind like the tide. He stared blankly for a long time, then he understood, he was in the room which his boss left for him especially, but not sleeping in the bed which he was familiar with. All the things happened in yesterday were real, not the nightmare. He had already owned a whole new identity, the chip in the nape was already replaced, but his boss… Uncle, he also was really dead indeed.
Sheilor sat up, kept staring blankly on the bed for a moment, rubbed hard on his slightly warm face, tried to make the mind clearer a bit. But when he raised his head and looked at this strange room, he still couldn’t get his mind clear. There was a sentence in the federal proverb, the sly rabbit would have at least three caves. To elude the federal wanted, Sheilor didn’t think of that his boss had arranged these many routes of retreat in the Capital of the West River state unexpectedly. Once he thought about this point, Sheilor had some weird feelings in his heart, he always felt that there was something wrong somewhere.
This was a single apartment, faced to the street, the indoor area was not very big, the decoration was very simple, besides that huge bed by the window, there were only the fridge and a set of table and chairs. Had a hot shower in the bathroom, Sheilor took out a lot of prepared food from the fridge, didn’t heat it up, and began to wolf down. Until the table cloth was full of  scrapes and spilled milk, he then felt the satisfaction slightly, that washed away the hunger and fatigue left from yesterday slightly.
Just only more than ten hours didn’t have the food, with the physique of his body, he shouldn’t be this hungry. Sheilor also felt strange about this phenomenon, how on earth where this empty stomach and tired body came from? Could it be said that when he escaped from the military temporary camp, that tremble of the body ? He didn’t want to think about this problem, because the only one who could explain this problem had already not existed.
Although in the plan he would leave the West River state in the evening, he wouldn’t come back to this room any more, but Sheilor still cleared everything in the room in the good order subconsciously, just like what he did in the mine tunnel after the meal in the last few years. After done all of these things, he found that he had nothing else to do, the police sirens were still sounding on the street outside, the sequel of the yesterday’s explosion was still in the fermentation, of course he couldn’t go out to the street to have the sunbathe. 
So he began to sit on the bed staring blankly once again, after stared blankly for a moment, he turned on the TV, somewhat stupefied to look at that purple hair little girl blowing birthday cake candle on the screen, he suddenly thought of that today was the sixteen birthday celebration of Jane Sue who was the favorite of him and uncle. He then thought of that he would be eighteen years old soon, but didn’t know how old uncle was, and he would keep this age forever and never change again. So he had his heart taut, couldn’t control his own emotion any more, looking at Jane Sue surrounded by tens of thousands of people on the TV, and had the tears falling down.
Sheilor bowed down his head, wiped off the tears from the face, he didn’t notice that on the screen Jane Sue was showing that beautiful bracelet on his wrist to the people around with the smile on the face.
…………
…………
The whole day, Sheilor had been staying in this room, through the information screen of the bracelet, remembered firmly the things what he supposed to remember, the way to escape from the East Forest, at the same time he risked the great danger, with the knowledge which his boss taught him, sneaked into the in-house network of the second police station of the East Forest Region, tried to find out the current situation of Levi and that group of orphans, then, he entered into the civil administration system, inquired about the internal materials of the Fourth Funeral Parlor, he found an appropriate target luckily. After done all of these, he cleaned up the whole room once again, wiped off the fingerprints which he left carefully, then took out a clothes from the wardrobe and put it on, put the backpack which his boss left in the wardrobe on his back, walked out of the room, walked down the apartment building, and walked into the crowd.
The light blue sport jacket, the hat was turned over to cover his face, plus the deep black backpack, now let Sheilor look like the common young men of the Federation, wouldn’t cause anybody’s attention. He chose to go out of the door three o’clock in the afternoon especially, it’s the most relaxed time of people, but even so, he still turned a few blocks cautiously, crossed two garden walls, and then entered into the Fourth Funeral Parlor.
According to the map which his boss left to him, Sheilor sneaked into the automatic incinerator room behind the hall quietly, according to the name plates to search for his target in that row of ready-to-burn coffins. He didn’t dare to look at the young face of that remains in the coffin, turned his body sideways, aimed his left wrist at the nape of the remains, after a puff of burnt smell, the replaced out abandoned chip from yesterday was placed into the body of this remains successfully.
And then he also threw the floating blue light shielding device into the coffin, paused slightly for a moment, and threw that extremely fine electric shock stick into the coffin-- He just only made two electric shock sticks, one of them brought the great calamity catastrophe to him and his boss, this one he also didn’t want to keep. Although he could use it to protect himself, but he thought it was ominous.
Standing in the dark of the hall’s corridor, Sheilor watched the transmission belt brought these coffins to the high temperature incinerator successively, watched the carrying his chip, the shielding device of his boss and the electric shock stick coffin to get into the incinerator, and turned into fire ashes and debris rapidly. Sheilor suddenly had his mind empty, all his past was burnt with this coffin, the now him, just only had the name still called Sheilor.
The abandoned me yesterday, never could return again.
…………
…………
Later in the night, Sheilor bought a ticket to the Fudge state, this kind of called greyhound by the East Forest people coach bus would send out from the West River state capital every night. After a night of long journey, would arrive the Capital of the Fudge state in the morning the day after. Although it’s painstaking, but compared with taking the plane, it’s really much cheaper. but Sheilor chose to leave the West River state Capital by the greyhound, just because all the orphans knew it clearly, the checkup of the federal authority was the loosest for this kind of transportation used by the civilians.
Two big greyhound ears slouched weakly on the bright light board, Sheilor looked at those carrying loaded guns soldiers and those wearing bulletproof vest police, he had a lament in his heart, he truly didn’t think of, the government still didn’t loosen the inspection unexpectedly.
If he even didn’t have the courage to cross this barrier right now, how could it be possible for him to live in the Federation with this fake identity? Sheilor had a touch on his nape, had a toothy smile, even smiled the eyes all narrowed, and walked to the doorway calmly. 


Chapter 33
The things messed my heart

After asked Sheilor to take off the backpack politely, the cold metal detection wand stuck close to Sheilor’s nape uncivilly. After “Dee” the sound, the reading and verification of the identity data were completed instantly. The soldier responsible for the checking took a look at the information on the elbow small screen, looked at Sheilor and had a smile, he said, “you are the senior fellow apprentice after all, but you look very young.”
Sheilor’s smile was a little bit contrived, the corners of the lips struggled a few times and then turned back to normal a bit, he put the backpack back on the shoulders and said, “crouched in the mine, always couldn’t see the sunshine, you should go there if you are willing to.”
There were not many corps for the East Forest garrison, but the toughest one was the mine maintenance force, it’s also the “crouch hole” called by the soldiers. That soldier had a pat on Sheilor’s shoulder with smile and said, “the senior fellows had the bad luck before, isn’t it the good one this time? Just retired, then you can got on the ship. Before, our chief operator retired, had to wait in the garrison command for half a year, then waited the spacecraft sent over to here from the Ministry of National Defense.”
After laughed and talked a few words, because there were a lot of passengers waiting for the inspection in line, that soldier let off Sheilor reluctantly, waved his hand and let him to pass the check point. Sheilor walked a few steps and didn’t forget to turn his head to say thanks. All he showed was very normal, but when he got on the greyhound bus, the body leaned against the back of the seat, he then found out that the cold sweat was all over his back, and wetted the clothes. 
Sheilor uttered a sigh of relief gently, breathed out the nervousness within his body, wiped off the sweat beads dripping down from the hair, and sat on the soft chair exhaustedly. Just only a checking gateway, had already scared him not lightly, fortunately he had already remembered well the set identity of that disguise chip which was in his nape, then he could barely pass this gateway . But then he thought about it again, once somebody went to that nonexistent mine corps to check in the future, and what should he do?
Able to get through the check point easily, it’s nothing to do with Sheilor’s luck. The whole Federation had already gotten used to the convenience and accuracy of the federal electronic monitoring network in the past countless years, the body chip had already replaced the identity document, besides some important regions of the Federation might have the contrast of the fingerprint and iris, most of the rest identity verifications, all conducted with the body chip. Every citizen of the Federation from the day when he was born, would be covered in the splendor of the First Charter. So that there would be a conclusion in everyone’s mind subconsciously, the electronic monitoring network would never make a mistake.
In fact, in the past countless years, the central computer of the Charter Bureau and the all over the federal society electronic monitoring network didn’t make any mistakes indeed, except… that mechanic and the now sitting weak and limp on the coach bus youngster.
…………
…………
Twenty three days later in the Capital of the Fudge state, the sky was murky, Sheilor’s heart was also murky. He sat in a fast-food restaurant on the street corner, having the beef noodle soup in front of him without knowing the taste, raised his head time to time, looked at that far away full of majesty sense building on the center of the street. He chose to come to here to have his lunch, just because this fast-food restaurant was closest to the trial court of the Fudge state, he could inquire about the situation of today’s trial case in the first time.
The police cars flashing the alarm lamp, shutting of the sirens, drove through the street outside of the fast-food restaurant quietly. Sheilor looked at the outside through the window, he was a bit absent-minded at the moment, then bowed his head subconsciously, buried his face in the large soup bowl. He always felt at the previous that moment, he saw the faces of Levi and little Johnny in the police car.
The orphan gang which Levi was in was blown apart by the second police station, didn’t know for what kind of reason, the trial of the case was arranged in the trial court of the Fudge state. The federal action to get rid of the mechanic belonged to the top secret, of course they wouldn’t impose the boring charge of colluded with the treason on the orphans of the Bell Tower Street, the wholly endured the undeserved catastrophe Levi was sentenced one year imprisonment in the end, this was also because he was just only eighteen years old.
This result was quite good, it might be assumed that the lawyer sent to Levi by the government also wouldn’t suggest him to appeal to the  appellate court, or even the circuit court again, but Sheilor still felt sorry to Levi. Not just because of the disaster of the imprisonment, but also because he knew it clearly that Levi surely felt more sorry to him, because the federal government knew the existence of Sheilor and the mechanic from his mouth, the more important thing was, Levi might think that Sheilor had already died at this time.
“Young man, why are you pulling the long face?” The sitting on the other side of Sheilor and also having the noodle soup old man, looked at the distress expression of the youngster, said with a smile, “this young age, have already began to pretend to be lonely, imitate the despair, this can’t be succeeding.”
A literally having the noodle soup on the street old man could also say something this tasteful, suddenly Sheilor felt that the god had no eyes, let all these weird guys around him. Somehow, he suddenly had the urge to tell something, but his those secrets, couldn’t find a place to tell at all, he stared at the full face wrinkles of the old man blankly, opened his mouth and asked, “grand old man, have you ever experienced the extremely big trouble in your this life? Have you had something which made you very sad?”
“No.” The old man answered very simply, it had the crisp taste of the East Forest people, “there no barrier can’t be crossed in this world, if you really can’t cross it, that’s your fate. Who can fight against the fate? It’s just only a bit bitterer, you think about this, when we East Forest people are afraid of the hardship in these years? We also never complained to the Federation, being alive happily, it’s better than anything else.”
“But I just want to live straightforward, there still troubles run to me, and even suffer the extremely big wrongful treatment.”
“Then you just don’t live too honest.” The old man had a lick on the oily soup on the side of his lips and said, “just like the noodle, it must be chewy, but the soup broth must be smooth and greasy, then you wouldn’t be bullied in the society.”
The East Forest Region was rich in stones, it also produced richly the silent but optimistic and as tough as the grass characters like this old man. Sheilor suddenly thought of the people by his side in this life, his whole emotion calmed down, he had the touch in his mind, and thought of those things which he didn’t think of because of exhaustion, nervousness and sadness in these days.
That explosion had already had once many years ago, his boss could survive from that time, why the hell he couldn’t survive this time? Perhaps his boss had already changed in another chip at this time,  pretended to be the professor of the university, was kidding on those youthful college girls? Or perhaps his boss was disguising as the business rookie at this time, playing his empty-handed to make money ability? Or even, his boss was laughing at his downcast and sadness in some corner at this time?
Sheilor looked at the old man at the other side of the table and said, “your first name won’t be Fengyu?”
Of course the old man was not named Fengyu, he looked at this jumpy youngster, heaved a sigh, took the soup bowl up and left. 
Sheilor saw the sent down from the god to wake him up old man off, smirked at the noodle soup. He had already understood what kind of people he would become in the future, just like the noodle in the bowl, insists on what he should insist on, keeps the inner toughness, but the form to achieve this kind of toughness…
His boss was maybe dead, or maybe still alive, but just couldn’t come to meet him, just floating away in the white dress. Was this real? But what’s the problem? If he couldn’t meet him again in this life, what’s the different between the life and death? The key was what he should do in the future, wasn’t it?
Sheilor had the smile on his face, he cheered himself up secretly in the heart. At this moment, the mentality of this simple and honest youngster finally had some changes, just like some sunlight shined into the heart.
At this moment, the gloomy clouds over the Fudge state also disappeared finally, it showed out the very beautiful sunlight.
The youngster walked out of the restaurant, somewhat jerky and nervous to blow a whistle to a walking by young girl, tightened the backpack behind his back, and walked toward the direction of the garrison command.


Chapter 34
In the starlight little girl

…………
…………
Before he left West River state, Sheilor had been to the fourth block once in the dusk, took a look at his dear repair shop from far away, he was astounded to find out that the whole building where the repair shop was located in had already been burnt to ruins. He didn’t need to understand how the Federation explained to the society, he just could tell it very easily, the garrison command of the East Forest launched the attack at his boss with the heavy firepower, compared it with the B4 marching formation of the mecha squad which that colonel was subordinated to, Sheilor felt the cold in his heart, he didn’t know how many big shots wanted to kill his boss in the Federation after all, and what’s the matter about the treason name carried on his boss.
But Sheilor didn’t have the extravagant hopes to investigate this case with the help of the disguise chip, he didn’t have the thought to launder the charge or avenge for his boss. On the one hand, because those words his boss said in the end had already warned him badly. On the other hand, he knew it clearly, the present him was also just a common small potato, he’s too far from the secrets of the federal top drawer, it’s so far that he even couldn’t look up at it.
Standing on the empty cement level ground of the garrison command airport, Sheilor turned his back to take a look at this familiar planet once again, had a deep breath, the thick straight-cut like the knife eyebrows also seemed soft and smooth a lot, and it seemed that he couldn’t suffer from the sorrow of leaving. With the identity of a retired soldier, got on the pass-by spacecraft, left the East Forest Region and went to the Capital Planet Circle, this seemed to be his dream for the last more than ten years, but when his dream was fulfilled with another strange way, Sheilor still had the feeling like frustrated in dream.
The identity verification and the security check had already completed before he came into the garrison command, the now Sheilor was no more that scared like a month ago, he could calmly face the omnipresent electronic monitoring network now. He lowered his head and walked into the transfer cabin, and still didn’t forget to have a smile at the soldiers at the doorway. 
These soldiers were the West Forest people, they were responsible for the safety affairs of that commercial spacecraft which was overhead of the East Forest Region. After a month of time, the friendly visit between the West Forest Region and the East Forest Region was over, they reached a package of mutual beneficial agreements, confirmed the aid affairs from the West Forest to the East Forest, those important officials had already been back to the spacecraft now, and were going to step on the long way home, and the cargo ship which Sheilor got into was the last space ground transfer cabin.
…………
…………
Climbing up, the tremendous impelling force pushed Sheilor to the seatback tightly, the congestive feeling in the head was also very strange to him, the never experienced space travel him, felt the fresh stimulation and a little bit fear. In the full of goods cargo cabin, besides him, there was no other people, didn’t know how the disguise chip which uncle Fengyu made was set up, this retired soldier also didn’t have anyone to pay attention to, except the huge noise reminded him that he was leaving his hometown.
Far away from the ground, when it got closed to the distance of thirty thousand meters, Sheilor finally relaxed down, according to the prompt of the electronic equipment in the cabin, he adjusted the seat position, and then had the extra energy to observe the flight deck which he was in.
It’s different from his boyhood imagination, the representing the human civilization level spacecraft was not so pretty, even if it’s just a space transfer cabin, it still seemed a bit too rough, there’s not any covers on the exposed metal objects on the cabin wall, he even could see the electrical system in the pipeline, the smell of the engine oil was full of the cabin. Looked at this scene, Sheilor couldn’t help to be somewhat surprised, he wondered whether what the fuck this was a broken old truck  indeed, or it’s a very sophisticated high-tech product?
Twenty seconds later, Sheilor lost the most beginning sense of freshness and curiosity, the physiological impact brought by the load began to appear, he had a bit of shortness of breath, but fortunately he had been trained by uncle Fengyu in the last four years, compared with the first common traveler, his adaptation was quick enough, and his expression was calm enough.
He noticed that outside of the spacecraft window, there were some floating red light dust and reflecting metallic space trashes began to keep sweeping past, in principle, at the current this height, it shouldn’t have this many space trashes. Sheilor also didn’t have any ideas in his mind, he just watched quietly, kept watching for a long, long time, then the spacecraft seemed to get through this strange dust area, and was also really out of the gravity of the East Forest planet.
Could loose the constraint belt on the body now, according to the prompt, Sheilor left the seat carefully, he felt the taste of the weightlessness fancifully, had the happy smile emerged on his face, swung his arms just like a fish, slowly swam to the side of the porthole, and put the hands on the edge of the window. He didn’t know whether the spaceship was flying to the direction of the star, the light outside of the window was extremely bright, shined the whole cabin into the white as the silver.
This kind of bright silver light shined that bracelet on Sheilor’s left wrist abnormally clear, even some of those originally very light and hard to find marks were shown. Sheilor lowered his head and looked over, then he found there were two lines of small characters carved on the edge of the bracelet. He hadn’t found this in these days, so he was somewhat surprised and read it out in a soft voice subconsciously:
“There are two things can deeply shock people’s hearts in this world, one is the lofty moral code in our hearts, another is the brilliant starry sky over our head-- Kant.”
Sheilor wanted to touch his head, but found that he swung his hand a bit hard in the zero gravity environment, hit the head, and felt some pains. He looked at these two lines of words sullenly, he didn’t know who Kant was, he also was not very clear about what this seemingly full of  philosophy sentence really wanted to express. But he still had a kind of strange feeling rushed in his heart, this feeling maybe was called warm blood, or maybe is called sublime?
Drew his eyes back from the lines of words, Sheilor looked at the universe outside of the window, the ready to greedily absorb the beautiful scenery youngster had his pupils shrunk suddenly, because the scenery outside was out of his imagination, didn’t know how many stars just like the sesames on the pie, spread all over the vast universe, the silver starlight didn’t have even a flash, and covered the surroundings like the holy light!
Sheilor looked at this scene agape, he grew up in the East Forest Region, just could see a few poor stars in the night, how could he be possible to know that the real starry sky outside of the atmosphere was this beautiful and this dazzling!
Suddenly, Sheilor’s body fell onto the ground heavily, the fall made him pains all over, because he was shocked by the sea of stars outside of the window, didn’t notice the prompt of the electronic equipment reminded  him that the docking was successful, the gravity was reset and please go back to the constraint seat.
Five minutes later, the cabin door was opened finally, the like a drowned mouse Sheilor climbed up from the ground, found his backpack, and followed the reception personnel to walk into the real spacecraft.
Sheilor found that his eyes were somewhat not quite enough, once he thought of that actually it’s the endless abyss of the universe under his feet, then he had some weird feelings. Once he thought of that the equipments and instruments he saw were all the high grade goods only could be seen in the books, then he even had some instinct excitements slightly.
“The Ministry of National Defense is really stingy.” That responsible for leading him the way soldier was not strange about Sheilor’s expression, shrugged his shoulders and patted on Sheilor’s shoulder with the comfort nature, “although we would really pass by the Capital planet, but the Ministry of National Defense would even save this kind of copper coins incredibly… I can’t helped you, the rooms are all full, we only can make you suffer to live in the area 32.”
“No problem.” Sheilor nodded his head, this was the spacecraft of the West Forest, not the own troopship of the Ministry of National Defense, it’s not that bad to have his own room.
In the deserted area 32, the alone Sheilor carried the backpack and stood by the huge porthole, looked at that far away East Forest planet, heaved a sigh, and was ready to find his own room. Suddenly he heard a very immature, clear and melodious, and letting people couldn’t help to take pity on voice coming from his back.
“Protect me.”
Sheilor turned his back with a rush, and then he opened his mouth widely, because he saw… A dressing in white pajamas and bathed in the silver starlight little girl, the little girl was about five or six years old, embraced a doll in her bosom, the innocent eyes filled with tears, and it seemed that she was releasing a kind of neat breath.


Chapter 35 
The refugee Little Watermelon

…………
…………
“Protect me”.
There’s no a “please” word put in the front, it seemed to be pretty unreasonable, but it came out in a little girl’s voice, that seemed to be full of incomparable trusty and the childish like naive straightness. The white pajamas on the little girl seemed to be very delicate in the star light, Sheilor was visibly moved to watch this scene, didn’t know why, his heart felt softly for no reason, grasped his fist tightly, and walked slowly to the metal cabin. His motion was very slow, seemed to be afraid that once his motion was too big, it would bring the panic to this poor as a little bird little girl. 
The little girl hung her head down, seemed to not dare to look at Sheilor’s face directly, two drops of tears fell down from the long eyelash, incomparably pitiful, the lilac-like tender lips opened and closed nervously, the voice was so low that it’s hardly to be heard, “please protect me.”
Sheilor squat down carefully, looked at the little that very pretty little face, that pair of slightly lowered but still couldn’t hide away as black as ink pupils, the two small artful lips, he felt somewhat absent-minded for a moment, felt the little girl gave him a kind of very conversant feeling, so that he didn’t pay attention that the little girl added a word in the second sentence.
“Little sister, what’s your name?” Sheilor blinked his eyes subconsciously, had a sip on his lips, he didn’t want his glazy look to make the little to have some bad thoughts, his eyes finally broke away from the face of this little girl, noticed that the hair of this little girl was very characteristic, the pure black hair hung down straightly on the sides of the face, the middle part was cut into a straight line very trimly, just right over the eyebrows, covering the forehead, it looked like… A watermelon peel?
“I… My name is Chung… Firework.” The little girl still embraced the doll in her bosom tightly, raised her head bravely and took a look at Sheilor, perhaps because Sheilor that honest face gave her the courage, or perhaps Sheilor that pair straight like knife eyebrows gave the little girl the confidence, she spoke her name out haltingly.
“The name… is too bad.” Sheilor muttered the words in his heart, didn’t know what this little girl’s parents did, would actually take a name which could easily generate the ambiguity, he had a scratch on his head and said, “simply, I will just call you Little Watermelon.”
The called Firework Chung little girl opened her big eyes, felt the infinite doubts, she inclined her head to one side lovely and asked, “uncle, why do you call me the name Little Watermelon?”
Sheilor stretched out his index finger and skidded over the hair line of the little girl’s forehead, said with a smile, “because your hair is like a piece of beautiful… Watermelon peel?”
…………
…………
Although Sheilor didn’t know this commercial spacecraft belong to the Antique Bell company, and the shadow of the Fourth Military Region of the West Forest was hiding behind the Antique Bell company, but he could get the judgment based on the logic, in a severely guarded spacecraft like this, in the splendor of the First Charter, in the universe edge far away from the Empire borderline, there should be nothing threaten this lovely little girl, he didn’t even think that this called Firework Chung or Little Watermelon little girl needed any protection, in the spacecraft, this little girl always should have the accompanied family members.
But no matter how he asked, the Little Watermelon always refused to tell him exactly what happened, and also was not willing to tell where her family was. Sheilor thought for a while distressfully, decided to see the staffs of the spacecraft, after all, the little girl was an alive and kicking people, he didn’t dare to bear this responsibility.
Sheilor’s room was in the area 32, it’s the most remote and the worst facilities in the whole spacecraft, but it’s also the quietest area, besides time to time the noises of the waste transportation came from the pipes behind the wall, in the talking process between one big and one small two people, there nobody came to here at all. Sheilor held the little girl’s hand and walked to the outside, and comforted her to say, “Little Watermelon, after found your family, you wouldn’t be afraid any more.”
“Uncle, I’m scared.” Little Watermelon was a very sensible child, probably also knew it clearly that she would bring great distress to this strange uncle, when Sheilor took her hand and walked to the outside, she didn’t struggle mischievously, just holding the doll with one hand, lowered her head and said, “there are bad guys… Wanted to kidnapped Little Watermelon, let little Watermelon can’t see my father and mother again.”
Sheilor stopped his steps, he turned his body, looked at the side of the face of this little girl carefully, seemed to tell whether this horrible story just the mischievous excuse of the kid, or there were really some inside story of a plot hiding behind the light. Just in this glance, he saw the dust and dirt behind the little girl’s white pajamas, and also noticed the stain on the doll…
There had been no one in the clean zone of area 32, in a such huge spacecraft, how did this little girl come to here all by herself? Where were those people watching her? Could it be said that this little girl climbed out from those piping tunnels? Otherwise how come she would get this dirty? It should be what kind of horrible thing, then let this just five or six years old girl to climb into those dark tunnels?
Sheilor looked at her for a while seriously, even uncle Fengyu admired his ability of seeing people very much, but he still couldn’t tell any trace of lying of this little girl. He didn’t think for too long, Sheilor turned around and took the girl’s hand and walked back, was ready to go back to his own room and think it over again, handed the little girl to the hands of the spacecraft staffs blindly like this, he surely would somewhat feel worried about it, at least… she would be safe to be with him, he would make the decision after he inquired the news about it.
The little girl slightly stared blankly for a moment, and then understood what the meaning of this turn was, walked quickly in quick short steps, in order to catch with Sheilor’s steps, the motion seemed to be very cute, the tears were still not dry on her little face yet, then she had already began to laugh, she laughed particularly happy, the big black eyes narrowed together, just like the crescent over the West Forest’s night sky.
“Thank you, uncle.”
“Call me brother later on… Little Watermelon.” Sheilor always was a person who came straight to the point without the slightest, once he made a decision on something, then he would do it exactly to the end. Holding the lovely little girl’s hand, his mood was also abnormally good, that made people trusted eyes were also narrowed, just like those half lakes in the natural conservation greenbelt of the East Forest.
…………
…………
The Antique Bell spacecraft was still in the process of the logistics energy supply for the last time, the time to leave the East Forest Region planet territory was set on six o’clock standard time of the day after. At the same time, Sheilor stayed in his own room with Little Watermelon all the time, perhaps because the budget of the Ministry of National Defense was really too stingy, the place for him this nominal retired soldier was really a forgotten corner, there seemed to be no any monitoring equipments in this room neither.
But even so, Sheilor still paid attention to the movements outside of the room carefully. Through the chatting of this period of time, gradually he had the complete trust of the little girl and then knew about some things, the little girl was a West Forest people, didn’t know for what reason, left her home, brought to the Antique Bell spacecraft by some people, in the return trip, she would be sent to the Capital planet. She would be six years old in two more months, the most adept things were piano and painting, the most dislike things were also piano and painting; the thing she liked the most was playing the mud, but playing the less was also exactly the mud.
Maybe because she Sheldon had the chance to talk with people so relaxed like this, the six-year-old little girl jabbered on and on like a little bird, often got choked because of talking too rapidly, the little face was suffocated to all red, the straight black hair on her forehead swung and swung in the air.
Sheilor had a wry smile while he was listening to her, because the contents of the little girl were too trifling, there were not information what he wanted to know, and the more he heard, the more he felt it strange, he wondered whether the little girl misunderstood something, so it led himself also to misunderstand something… But since he had already promised Little Watermelon, of course he would just let it go on, people always should have the integrity, even if it’s just facing a six years old little girl, Sheilor decided before he inquired the exact news, he would just let this little girl hide in his room temporarily.
When it’s time for dinner, Sheilor told the little girl not to run wild. He ran to the restaurant of the spacecraft, ordered a meal, didn’t have too much words with the spacecraft staffs, but he still kept his eyes open a bit, found out that nobody heard about any visiting official lost a child in the ship, the thing alerted him was, the expression of those soldiers around the restaurant responsible for the safety work were obviously more serious than they were hours before, a share of depressive air was embracing all around.
Could it be said that it was because of Little Watermelon? Sheilor left the restaurant quietly, he was an extremely not eye-catching role himself, he didn’t cause any attentions even he was carrying a meal to leave, even most of the people in the spacecraft didn’t know, the rest room of the cleaning zone of the area 32 was arranged in a retired East Forest Region soldier who was the hitch hiker.
…………
…………
Little watermelon lowered her head and forked a piece of beef up, put it into her mouth and tried hard to chew it, but the expression on her face revealed that this little girl was not really like the taste of the beef stew rice, but she seemed to not let Sheilor embarrassed, just kept eating earnestly. Sheilor looked at the expression on the little face, couldn’t help laughing out and said, “if you don’t like it, then don’t eat it. I heard the next meal should be very good.”
“I have already had the beef for one and half month.” Little Watermelon heaved a sigh like an adult and said, “brother Sheilor, I’m afraid that the next meal still would be the beef.”
Sheilor added an extra scoop of rice in this meal especially, he was taking the fork to scratch Little Watermelon’s left over rice, when he heard this words, he couldn’t help to have his body frozen. Influenced by his boss for these many years, he also became extremely picky for the requirement of the food, he had the bitter on his face and said, “the synthetic beef has only one same taste, you could have it for one and half months unexpectedly? You are very good.”
After the sigh, Sheilor lowered his head and had the food again, he didn’t have the habit to waste food, his mouth was full of the beef, he said vaguely, “once we have the opportunity in the future, brother I would kill a buffalo, let you try the real beef.”
The black hair was straight down on the little girl’s forehead, she looked at Sheilor smiling and nodded her head seriously. Although when she was in the West Forest, she had a lot of wild cooked foods which were grabbed back from the Empire with her father, but she still felt grateful for brother Sheilor’s words, she thought that brother was really a good man in her heart.


Chapter 36
The dust of the history

…………
…………
In the weak “Zee” sound of the motor, the fixed porthole curtain of the room was pulled open slowly, the starlight outside of the spacecraft spilled in clearly and triumphantly. The immerse himself in chewing the synthetic beef Sheilor raised his head astounded, found the having watermelon head little girl was looking at the outside of the window quietly, the corners of her mouth warped up slightly, she smiled sweetly, and the immature face was full of the admiring light.
Up until now, Sheilor then noticed the eyes of Little Watermelon were not so big, just very bright. She was smiling slightly now, the eyes would be just narrowed, that made her particularly lovely. Sheilor had a smile to himself in the heart, thought of the intimacy when they just met earlier, probably it came from this pair of eyes? He looked at the outside of the window along Little Watermelon’s eyes, his eyes also stopped at the distance, he put down the fork slowly and heaved a sigh lightly. 
The distance outside of the window was his hometown East Forest planet, once he thought of that he was going to leave there like this, changed the identity, also didn’t know whether he would come back in this life, no matter how optimistic and cheerful Sheilor was, his mood still would be a bit low. Maybe he didn’t want his own mood to influence the little girl, he contrived to have a smile, pointed at that planet and said, “I had never thought of that I would look at it in this angle, the picture album I looked at in the school before, is much more beautiful than the real picture.”
The quiet planet suspended in the space, the blue sea water and the green open country could be seen clearly, they even could see those extraordinarily big white mine from the spacecraft, they were like the scars telling the ancient history of this planet. Just only on the edge of the planet atmosphere, there was a layer of dusty and floating the light red dust, let these sceneries like being wrapped in a layer of yarn, in the eyes of Sheilor with the present mood, unavoidably would be somewhat uncomfortable.
“That is the initial heritage of the planet’s development.” Little Watermelon scratched her hair lovely, she knew what Sheilor meant just in a glance, explained in the childish voice, “the three galaxies of the Federation were all on the edge of the galactic nucleus, the stellar density is too big in the space, although the creator arranged three galaxies for the human beings very miraculously, didn’t let those gravities to tear people into pieces, but the light pollution is still very serious. Especially the East Forest planet is too close to the star in the galaxy, if there is no this layer of red particle area to shield the radiation, it’s very difficult for the human beings on it to survive healthily.”
“Brother, although these dust is very ugly, but it’s really useful.” Little Watermelon looked at Sheilor and nodded her head, said very seriously.
“Ah? So you mean these dust is man-made?”
“That’s right, it seemed to be the largest primary group explosion in history, at the same time, after the precise calculation by the Committee of Five, then achieved the subsequent effect.”
Sheilor stared blankly for a moment, until today he didn’t know that no matter he was on the side of the Bell Tower Street, or in the mine, or on the green open country of the natural conservation area, why the sky he saw was always that dusty, the stars he could see were so poorly less, all of these were covered by these dust after all. 
Once he thought of in many tens of thousands years ago, the human beings came to the East Forest Region from the federal central area for the first time, extremely arduous to develop the desolate planet, with the enormous courage to transform the natural environment, he was full of respects to those ancestors in his heart. 
He looked at Little Watermelon’s swinging slightly black hair and shook his head, had a wry smile, another reason he felt shocked was, the even a six years old little girl knew about history, but he didn’t knew. Although he could say that he didn’t finish the compulsory education,, but this still embarrassed him too much.
Little Watermelon took over the tissue he handed and wiped her small mouth, very clever to feel Sheilor’s uneasiness, she had a sweet smile and said, “this is the thing not written on the history book, I just heard my father talked about it, the ancestors of our family were the first group of people came to the East Forest to open up wasteland, for remembering the great achievements of our ancestors, I began to read these things since I was very little.”
After heard the explanation, Sheilor’s mood felt a little bit better, but then he noticed another strange thing, if it’s the old family responsible for developing the East Forest, why would Little Watermelon’s family  be in the West Forest now? But this was not the problem which he needed to think about now, he didn’t question closely about it.
“After fly out of the atmosphere, then I just knew the starlight in the mighty universe is so bright.” Sheilor lowered his head, thought of the could have already turned to fly ash on the East Forest boss, thought of the still put in the jail by the Federation Levi, he had a smile in self-mockery and said, “my previous worldly ideal was to become a federal battleship auxiliary official. Now it seems, staying in the battleship every day, I’m afraid that I would be shined into the mine wild cat by these starlight.”
“Brother Sheilor, what happens to the wild cat?”
“The wild cat in the mine, once they were shined by the headlamp, they would stand on the track foolishly, and wouldn’t never move again, probably because they never saw such bright light before.” Sheilor lowered his head and said, but another voice sounded in his heart, a new life was waiting for him, even he wouldn’t revenge and wash off the wrongs for his boss, but he still wouldn’t work himself to the bone for the Federation no matter how.
…………
…………
The standard time six o’clock of the next day, the lay sleeping on the floor Sheilor was waken up by the huge roaring sound, he put on the coat and lift a corner of the curtain to look at the outside, found out that the covered with the history dust East Forest planet was leaving him gradually, he then knew that the spacecraft finally got on the journey to the Capital planet. He had all kinds of feelings well up in his heart at the time, he even couldn’t find the suitable words to describe his mood at this moment.
A month ago, he was just an orphan who was having the peaceful life on the ground of the East Forest, his worldly ideal was just to attend the machine maintenance officer exam of the Ministry of National Defense, then enter the military, or go into the Capital Planet Circle to pursue the advanced studies, thus he could have a decent job in the big company. He had just only been on the tram at that time, he didn’t even take on the plane ever. Besides the seventeen blocks of the West River state capital, he hadn’t been to anywhere else, he was just an absolute redneck. But a month later, he left the West River state, got on the greyhound bus, arrived to another distant Fudge state, he even got on the first-degree commercial spacecraft of the Federation, traveled  in the space, and would go to the really remote Capital Planet Circle!
The encounter of the life would always be weird such like this, it’s difficult to predict, Sheilor scratched his somewhat messy hair with some angers, turned his head around to look at the sound sleeping in the bed little girl, he had the urge in his heart, there was a very drama problem waiting for him. He believed that the little girl didn’t lie, but he just even couldn’t understand why these weird things would always fall on his head.
He didn’t think that the little girl was a trouble or a burden, because he was just such a character people, as long as the really needed help people came to his side, he would be always willing to try his own power to do something, moreover the other party was a poor little child.
Half hour later, the roaring sound ended, just in the long frightening silence, the Antique Bell commercial spacecraft left the East Forest planet, set out to the deep universe peacefully like a floating bottle, the speed was faster and faster, but the people on the spacecraft didn’t have any feelings about it. In the big systematic world, the velocity comparison of the eyes lost its role. But that kind of vacant feeling, covered on the huge alloy spacecraft.
In the later days, Sheilor kept the absolute low profile on the spacecraft, besides went to the restaurant, he didn’t have too many contacts with the people on the ship, and not many people paid attention to this poor, living in the cleaning zone retired soldier as well. Although low profile, but Sheilor still tried hard to find the family for the little girl or something odd, but there was no any effect, after a few times inquiring about, he didn’t hear about any similar information at all.
Sheilor had no other ways, he really didn’t have any idea to go against the little girl’s will, and faintly, he also had already got used to have this little girl in the room, this kind of existence could make his runaway trip of disguise not so ice-cold, not so lonely. 
The thing made Sheilor more surprised was, the not up to six years old girl really knew about a lot of things, it looked like that her family had the nice environment, had the training of book learning aspect on her since she was little. Although Sheilor didn’t go to the school in the last few years, but according to the instruction of uncle Fengyu, he still tried hard to stay in the library of the state university, the information couldn’t be said not broad, the knowledge couldn’t be said not profound, but even such like this, he still would have no answer for this little girl’s questions time to time. 
Chatting and playing games, were the best way for people to close the gap and obtain the trust. In the long space travel, after not too long of the time, the gradually getting familiar big and small two children, because of this kind of psychological need for each other, began to trust each other quickly and began to be interdependent on each other.
“Little Watermelon, you sneaked out from your room by yourself, then do you still remember where the room is?” Sheilor asked subconsciously one day, and didn’t have too much hope, because the Antique Bell spacecraft was too big, how could a six years old little girl remember the direction clearly?
But he didn’t expect that Little Watermelon had a blink with her eyes, and then raised her finger up, pointed at the ceiling of the room. Sheilor stared blankly in situ, he couldn’t get his mind back for a while, these days inquiring let him understand something about the Antique Bell, the living area of the spacecraft was separated into two-story, besides the senior staffs of the spacecraft lived on the upper that floor, the others were those no one had ever seen at all… The big shots.
“Are you sure?” Sheilor looked at her in the eyes and asked.
Little Watermelon nodded her head, and then said with the tremble voice, “but I don’t want to go back.”
“You tell me the place, I’ll go to check it out.”
Little Watermelon lowered her head and held the doll, said in the low voice, “brother Sheilor, I just only dare to take you to the place where I climb out from.”
…………
…………
The dust all over the body Sheilor looked at the holding his hand Little Watermelon astonished, he just couldn’t understand no matter how, how this little guy could get through the complex piping of the air-conditioning system of the spacecraft accurately, directly brought him to a totally strange place from the area 32. 
He patted the dust off the body, pushed open the cabin door in front of him carefully, then he saw a piece of army green tarp. Sheilor lift the tarp off curiously, then he was astounded to see a mechanical arm pointing at him. The master of the mechanical arm was a very broken outdated mecha, didn’t know it was left over there for how many years, it was full of the dust of the history.


Chapter  37
The desire to repair the mecha

Sheilor reached out his fingers carefully, had a touch on the pointing at his face mechanical arm, the fingers was covered with the dust immediately, but the surface of the three-sections type alloy finger on the top of the mechanical arm also showed its original color, floating the dark light slightly, but only the dark light was a bit dim. This covered with dust mecha, didn’t know been placed over here by whom, and been placed over here for many years, just like a sword quietly waiting for its master, although in dust but not ruined.
The cold tactility feeling transferred back to the brain from the finger tip, Sheilor exhaled a breath gently, his eyes were full of the forcedly constrained excitement. He grew up to this big, this was the first real mecha he saw personally, and the distance was so close, he could reach it with his hands, at the moment when he touched it with his finger, he even worried about whether this mecha would come alive itself. 
Of cause, in the related journals and magazines in the library, Sheilor had already seen many pictures of the mechas, on the treetop of the hill a month ago, he had also seen eleven streamlined black mechas to siege uncle Fengyu one person, but those still couldn’t be compared with the shock which was brought by the touching right now. 
This was the most powerful close-in weapon of the federal military, only existed in the fantasy and psychosexuality of the normal federal teenagers. Sheilor looked at this broken mecha excitedly, but found out that this mecha not only the age was far back, but the style was also extremely clumsy, only the almost touch ceiling height could show a little bit deterrent force. The weapon loading system of the mecha had already been stripped away, the jointing parts made of the alloy components were also damaged, didn’t know whether it could move.
Sheilor found a nameplate somewhere on the inner side of the mechanical legs of this broken mecha, wiped the dust off from it, stared at those words, somewhat didn’t know when the Federation had produced this type of mecha. The been quiet to let him to hold the hand Little Watermelon also stretched over her little head curiously, said after she looked at it for a couple times, “brother, M02.”
M02, the first generation mecha of the federal Constitution Calendar thirty seven, belonged to the semi-finished product, but the subsequent mecha designs basically came from the ideas of this model, including the top level mecha M52 series of the federal military, also should be counted as its disciples and followers. Sheilor had his face upward, looked at this shabby mecha and heaved a sigh, he didn’t expect that he would had the chance to see this kind of legendary antique.
“Broken.” Little Watermelon noticed the excitement and itching in Sheilor’s eyes, she reminded carefully in a low voice, “recycled.”
Sheilor had a scratch on his head and had a “Hey Hey” laugh, he also felt that it’s no reason for getting excited right now. He forced to constraint the idea to keep on looking at the mecha, after all, compared with his own interest, to solve Little Watermelon’s problem was still the most important thing right now. He held the hand of Little Watermelon, kept walking to the other side of the room, pulled out the tool box from the wall conveniently, unscrewed the fixed screws of the air conditioning tunnel, climbed into it, didn’t turn his head back, and said directly, “wait over here for brother, don’t run about.”
This garbage collection cabin or should say the garbage storage cabin was very remote, there should be no other people to come here even many years later, Sheilor also didn’t worry about Little Watermelon’s safety. But shortly after he climbed into the tunnel, he climbed back with the dust all over, squat to sit down in front of Little Watermelon out of breath, said grumpily, “why didn’t you remind me, it’s no way for me to climb over at all!”
Surely, the air conditioning tunnel although wasn’t installed the electronic instrument for monitoring, but the tunnel on some connecting places would be very small, the adult couldn’t climb through it at all, probably only the little kid like Little Watermelon this little could climb through these tunnels, and climb freely around in the spacecraft. Little Watermelon looked at the dust on Sheilor’s face, covered her mouth with her hand and “ Puff” laughed up.
…………
…………
The idea to find Little Watermelon’s room to confirm the truth of the matter fell through just like this, although Sheilor had followed the mechanic for a long time and learnt a lot of farfetched skills, but he didn’t have the confidence to act as a spy in the high-tech spacecraft. Or maybe because of his some sort of unknown selfish, in the next few days, he became quietly, just played with Little Watermelon  in the room, had those actually not so yuck, but somewhat monotonous synthetic beef. Little Watermelon was really a very well-behaved child, Sheilor didn’t have any children’s books in his that remote and quiet room, or even also didn’t have TV, but she didn’t make any noise or felt bored, just sat quietly on the bed, listened Sheilor to tell the stories, or she told the stories to Sheilor.
“Little Watermelon, wouldn’t you think that it’s very boring to stay with me?” Sheilor seemed to have no any difference in these days, but actually the worry was getting thicker and thicker in his heart, this showed up by his side like a spirit little girl, what on earth was he supposed to handle with? Although the journey was very long, but there always had the day to arrive the Capital Planet Circle, it’s impossible for him to bring her away in these many eyes, and… Little Watermelon’ family should also worry about her, the problem was, her family was really trustworthy?
“As long as I don’t need to play the piano and draw the pictures, that will be good enough.” Little Watermelon looked at Sheilor in the eyes, nodded her head seriously, maybe in the heart of this little girl, the thing of doing nothing in these days was the biggest joy.
Sheilor shrugged his shoulders, he did not really understand about the thinking model of the children, Little Watermelon was enjoying the fun of doing nothing, but he always felt it strange somewhere in his heart. The long space travel was surrounded in the quiet, in the forever quiet, even the beautiful space scenery, would also become the boring repeat at this moment, Sheilor looked at a bleak star in the distance through the window, he suddenly understood, the odd feeling in his heart was that he had the desire for something.
…………
…………
Still had the dust all over the body, climbed in the tunnel of the cleaning zone area 32 for a long time, Sheilor then climbed to that waste storage cabin which has a thick and heavy alloy door, he didn’t have time to revel in his memory, that he didn’t lose his way in the as fine as a spider’s web tunnels of the spacecraft, then couldn’t wait to lift that army green tarp once again, let that broken abandoned outdated mecha to appear in front of him.
At that moment, Sheilor confirmed that his judgment was right. He had been eager to come back to here these days, eager to see this shabby mecha again, he was full of satisfaction and faint excitement all over his body at the moment. He was eager to come back to here, see this mecha, not because he had the strong will to operate the mecha in the deep of his heart, although this was the wish of most federal teenagers, but… He just wanted to fix it.
He had already passed the first round exam for the machine maintenance petty officer of the Ministry of National Defense, although he couldn’t no longer go on this path, but his worldly ideal, or rooted in the deep of mind that kind of interest, was never let down. Since very little, Sheilor had the strong interest for repairing things, after followed uncle Fengyu for four years, this kind of interest was never reduced, but became thicker and thicker instead. 
In the operating room of the mine outside of the West River state capital, in the repair shop on the fourth block of the Vanilla Avenue, once the youngster saw those electrical equipments brought in by the street neighbors, such as the appearing dark spot LED TV, the shift gear couldn’t be moved motor axle, all kinds of broken life chips, he would have the excitement and impulse like the bald eagle seeing the carrion, and he wanted to fix all these broken things in the first time.
Just like the situation that he saw this broken mecha right now, just only this mecha… Was not very much the same from anything he had fixed before.
Sheilor was an up and do people, since he had climbed through the tunnels, and came to here, of course he wouldn’t leave like this. What degree he could fix this mecha to, he didn’t have any confidence, or even he didn’t know by himself whether he could attach that broken three-sections type metal finger together, but he was still ready to get to work. Before he got to work, he kept the good working habit, searched on the full of dust broken mecha for a long time, finally found a vacuum plastic bag, he shouted in the low voice with surprise, confirmed just like what was said in the book, the thing in the bag was the manuals of the M02 mecha.
Holding the instructions, Sheilor began to read it with relish, the position from leaning on the wall to stand, to sitting down finally. The starlight outside of the spacecraft was invariable, his eye-sight was also invariable, read all the parameter values and the component structure patterns seriously and greedily, he put his heart and soul all into it, and didn’t know how long it had passed actually.
When he was in the East Forest, the mechanic uncle Fengyu didn’t teach him any knowledge about the mecha aspect, Sheilor had once showed his protest and ridicule indignantly, he once tried hard to find a piece of control chip of the mecha, but the result was that uncle Fengyu said he didn’t know how to fix it… The now Sheilor, of course knew that his boss was not the man in the street, and also impossible didn’t have any understanding for the mecha, but when he wanted to ask his boss the problem about the technology aspect, it had already become an impossible thing, he just could immerse himself in the boring instruction book and keep learning.
After a long time, Sheilor finally put down the instruction book, lowered his head and thought seriously for a long time, and then began to search for the tools and materials which he needed in the waste storage cabin, he looked up time to time at the same time, observed where the really severe damages of that broken M02 were.
He glanced over the shoulders of the mecha, stopped his eyes suddenly on a hole on the ceiling over the cabin door, had a smile very ashamedly. The head of the little girl got out of that hole, there was the dust all over her black hair, she looked very poor, she looked at the on the ground Sheilor and said, “brother, I’m hungry.”
Sheilor pushed the wall toolbox back in situ, had a “Ha Ha” laugh and said, “then I will go to the restaurant and order the meals right away.”


Chapter 38
Genius and idiot

A six years old little girl, could remember such complex tunnels in the interlayer of the spacecraft, could be not afraid of the darkness, holding a doll to run around, this was an appalling thing itself. But once Sheilor thought of when he was six years old, also began to bring Levi running here and there in the dark cobweb of the mine, when they had the interest, they would catch a few wild cats and brought them back to play, then he felt relieved as well.
In the next few days, after the meal, Sheilor and Little Watermelon would climb into the air conditioning tunnel from the cleaning zone area32, brought the dust all over the body to come to that waste storage cabin. Sheilor would study the instruction book absorbedly, prepared the materials, considered how to fix the big broken mecha as far as possible. And Little Watermelon would be holding the doll, squat aside with great interest, well-behaved and quietly to watch Sheilor’s all movements.
Thanks to the bath and laundry facilities in Sheilor’s that simple and crude retiring room, otherwise nobody knew how dirty these one big and one small two children would be, but even washed frequently every night, the color of that white pajamas on Little Watermelon’s body was still getting darker gradually.
Sheilor had the great interest in that broken mecha, so he could stay in there for a long time. But the reason why Little Watermelon would come with him together every day, was that she was very interested in Sheilor that dedicated expression. And to make Sheilor more surprised, once he got into some kind of trouble, having the problem with the design of the drawing, Little Watermelon would give some seemed childish, but in fact could open up the thinking ideas.
The main problem for Sheilor to fix the mecha was that he was unfamiliar with the structure of the mecha, although for some of the independent chips and linkage parts, he could understand the principle and working purpose through the instruction book, but once it involved the wide-range bio-simulation framework, then he would get confused. Especially this cumbersome old mecha, he even didn’t see the picture of it before. And Little Watermelon didn’t have the knowledge about the electronic repair aspect at all, she seemed to have seen countless mechas in her this short six years life, from intuition, told Sheilor in the young voice, here seemed to be what, here should be what, and here might be what.
Having the rough intuition of the exterior, would help the repair work for the internal work. Besides the surprise, Sheilor also had the bigger question for Little Watermelon’s family. In today’s federal society, the general energy was still extremely plentiful, but the crystal mine for the space travel was not too much, although the mecha used the static high-energy battery, but the cost of the manufacture was very expensive, the energy consumption was very huge, now the whole federal military probably wouldn’t have more than four hundred of them. What on earth was the business of Little Watermelon’s family doing? A six years old little girl, actually could see that many mechas personally?
These questions disappeared like a flash, Sheilor didn’t had the deep thinking for it, because all of his mind was attracted by this broken mecha in front of him right now, he put all his heart and soul into the repair work, although couldn’t be said forgetting food and sleep, but also could be said that nothing else was in his mind.
So, this discarded as useless for a long time, thrown in the waste storage cabin of the spacecraft, long forgotten old M02 mecha, played its role once again, and became the toy for Sheilor and Little Watermelon these two people, only this toy was a bit too big.
…………
…………
The three-section type finger, now was connected by an alloy wire, this alloy wire was pulled down from the interaction handle of an automatic clean machine by Sheilor. The frontal armor of the mecha had a big hole, now was barely covered with a thick metal board didn’t know where Sheilor found from, actually the exterior repair of the mecha was not that difficult, after all Sheilor also didn’t have the thought that the broken mecha could resist the strong weapons like gunfire after it was fixed, the main problem was those chip sets inside the mecha, the transmission device, and the induction device of the information transfer, it’s very difficult to repair these things.
Fortunately the waste storage cabins of the Antique Bell spacecraft were more than only one, Sheilor was surprised to find countless junks from the three storage cabins nearby, and then turned all these junk metal components into the treasures he needed, the chipset was separated into three parts with the alloy wire by him, in the situation without the precise instruments, he just only could hope that there would be no mutual interference between the chipsets, as to those ruined chips, it’s no way to fix them at all. And the transmission device, Sheilor put the repair hope on those several mine walking cars in the waste storage cabin B, although these two transmission devices were not the same model, but some of the parts still could be interchanged.
The most troublesome thing was the induction system of the information transfer, Sheilor was busy for a few days excitedly, then took down enough parts from countless broken life electric, and then it took him more time to assemble these parts together.
The dust and oil all over Sheilor, stared at the tall mecha in front of him blankly, somewhat didn’t believe his own eyes, spent how long after all, he had already not remembered, but he still couldn’t believe, in this kind of rough situation, he could really assembled those messy parts together.
The having black and grey dust on the face Little Watermelon held the doll, leaned on Sheilor’s leg, narrowed her eyes and looked up, and said in the milky sound after a long time, “it’s really ugly.”
It really was very ugly, even it had been fixed by Sheilor once right now, the mecha was still even a bit uglier than the initial beginning. The paint coat on the surface of the mecha body was broken not fit to be seen, the original still complete exterior armor was even taken apart into a piece and a piece, because those parts couldn’t be perfectly designed to be put inside the mecha system, the volume and size were also not the same totally, so if he wanted to put the transmission device in, he must took part of the shell away. This time the M02 had the oil vestiges all over and the circuit board wires hanging around everywhere, it looked very destructively, no more had the laden with history to hide under the dust same as it had at the beginning, and also not possibly like an antique, just only like a wearing the ragged clothes dirty fat beggar.
“Oh, it’s really pretty ugly.” Sheilor had a scratch on his head subconsciously, looked up at the mecha in front of him and said ashamed, “don’t know whether it could move or not.”
Sheilor really didn’t have any confidence for fixing the mecha, because this was the first time he got in touch with this kind of things, and he dealt with it totally with the way which his boss taught him how to repair the appliance, this sounded somewhat ridiculous, totally unthinkable, so he didn’t dare to have the extravagant hopes that this broken mecha could really move.
“Even that three-section type finger could move a bit, I should be satisfied.” Sheilor looked at the mecha in front of him contentedly, thought in his mind, his requirement was really very low, but actually also was very high, the careless repair such like this, assembled things together in a mess, if he really could repair this mecha and make it to move, the god really didn’t have the eyes.
“Give it a try.” The hair swung in front of Little Watermelon’s forehead, she seemed very serious, looked at Sheilor, nodded her head and said with courage, “brother, it might really could move.”
…………
…………
There had the stable current outlets in the waste storage cabin, this was the thing that Sheilor had already confirmed in the first day. After he heard Little Watermelon’s words, had a deep breath, walked to behind the beggar mecha, connected the cable to the current outlet on the wall, and then stared at that screen indicator behind the waist of the mecha, until that screen got red gradually, he then heaved a sigh of relief, thought that the first generation static high-energy battery really worthily was the legendary perfect product, it still could be used after sixty years.
When the red column rose to the height of one third, Sheilor ceased the recharge, this was for the safety later, after all this mecha had been put in this place for this many years, and was tossed about for this long by him, if it was started with the full power, who knew what would happen. Although it shouldn’t be possible to have the explosion, but what happened if it fell apart just in case? He had so many accidents in the mine operating room in these years, but today he had Little Watermelon this lovely little girl by his side, of course he should be more careful.
“Where is the hatch cover switch?” Although the hatch cover of the operating cabin of this M02 mecha had been damaged, but Sheilor still asked, because according to the explain on the instruction book, only had the hatch cover opened, then he could start the press-button of the mecha program loading. 
Little Watermelon blinked her eyes, seemed to be in recalling some scenes, scratched her head somewhat painfully, pointed at the prominence under the head armor of the mecha and said, “it seems to be over there.”
Sheilor had already believed in Little Watermelon’s guidance very much, according to the words, very smoothly opened that nonexistent hatch cover, pressed on the program loading button, and then began the nervous and uneasy waiting silently.
Didn’t know how long later, the operating cabin of the broken mecha lit up suddenly, after a long “Dee” sound, the self-checking signal showed that it’s passed, the thin and soft light covered the mecha’s whole body!
Sheilor stared blankly to stand on the chest armor of the mecha, couldn’t believe this scene in front of him at all, even the central control system was also in good condition incredibly? He didn’t have any hope for the repair work, but he really repaired this mecha well unexpectedly? Although he just repaired the most basic parts and functions of the mecha, but he still felt the incomparable excitement and happiness. 
“Brother, you are really a genius.” Little Watermelon clapped her little hands on the ground, and shouted at him.
“Of course, I’m a genius originally.”
Sheilor was still suffering from the shock, wiped the sweat off from his forehead, said the words with smile subconsciously, but his heart was just like hit by a heavy thing suddenly, stayed blankly on the tall mecha. Levi once said that he was a genius, his boss also said that, his boss… He lowered his head, looked at those busted up parts on the mecha, those looked very strange components, those because of the power problem began to have the unstable trace chip monitoring displays, they looked so familiar, then he understood why in the process to repair the mecha in these days, he didn’t have any jerky feeling for his skill, never felt any strange and difficult.
Uncle Fengyu had taught him how to repair home appliances for four years, he still once had the complaint, after all, in the process of repairing those normal appliances, his boss had already taught him how to fix the mecha, or even the more precise skill and the broader thinking! Sheilor stood on the mecha which was covered in the soft light, he felt himself silly the whole person, he thought in his heart that he’s a shit genius, he himself actually was an idiot.


Chapter 39
The first step of the M02

“The current output of the area 38 is abnormal, please check.”
In the captain master control cabin of the Antique Bell commercial spacecraft, went off the no any emotion sound of the computer. The captain seemed to not hearing anything, put down the in his hand coffee by his side, talked to himself with a kind of nervous tone, “where did she go? Where did she go?”
The spacecraft had just left the East Forest Region for a month, but just in this month, the originally fat Mr. captain, was obviously thinner for a round, especially that pair of eyes had been surrounded by the dark circle, he looked abnormally gaunt, seemed the one cup by one cup of the coffee on hand didn’t bring him any help neither.
“Area 38 was abnormal.” The computer of the spacecraft didn’t repeat the warning, this time the sound was the secretary of Mr. captain, this middle-aged man took a look at his boss and said, “whether send the engineer to take a look or not?”
“Look look look, look the shit!” The captain got angry suddenly, jumped up like a ball, pointed at the nose of the secretary and scolded severely, “I don’t care about any stinky woman in the area 38, I don’t care the fucking three times seven is twenty one, I want all the people go out to look for miss! Look for miss! Have look for her for this fucking long, how come still didn’t find her?”
Obviously, the secretary was not the first time to meet the Mr. captain’s anger, so his expression was still composed enough, he answered calmly, “there are totally forty two areas on the Antique Bell, if search one time without any place to be left out, it takes standard time five days. But the problem now is, we don’t have enough people to conduct this work. The most critical thing is, it’s too varied for the people on the spacecraft now, we can’t do it in a big way. The central control computer of the spacecraft could always confirm the safety of miss these days, and she was on the ship indeed, so captain, please don’t worry about it too much.”
Not waited for the captain to continue the anger, the secretary followed on to suggest, “if we have the synchronization and request the assistance of the Charter Bureau to have the positioning, then I believe, at most in three minutes, then we could find the whereabouts of miss.”
The captain had the silence, he had too many reasons why he couldn’t let federal capital those people know about the missing news of miss, because this thing would cause too much trouble. The central control system of the spacecraft could always confirm the safety of miss, so besides the anger and anxiety, he still maintained some of the calm, wasn’t  aimless and silly to have the urgent application to the Charter Bureau.
The captain heaved a sigh, rubbed on his two slightly sore fat on the cheeks, closed his eyes and fell into thinking. The Antique Bell had three missions in this long trip, the first one was the friendly visit between the East Forest Region and the West Forest Region. The second one was the secret transportation for the special mecha squad of the Fourth Military Region, to execute the plan 4427. The third one was to escort Miss to capital planet to go to the school.
Originally in the plan, the executing second mission special squad had one more mission, it’s responsible for the safety and defense work for Miss, but these came from the West Forest people didn’t expect, the target of the plan 4427, that treason mechanic would actually be so strong, finally it forced the Antique Bell consumed enormous energy, at the same time it also let the fourth military region to pay the price. The mecha squad Colonel Lake lead was affected by the shock wave, all had the serious injury, although no misfortune sacrifice, but these many days passed by, there were several people still in coma, and a few people still had been vomiting.
Just because of the happening of this kind of accident, the safety and defense work for Miss had a huge leak. After Miss was missing, the West Forest side didn’t have enough people to conduct the search work. The fat captain opened his eyes, said angrily, “what about those student soldiers of the delegation? Didn’t have a little bit news in these days, are they growing up by eating shit?”
The people on the spacecraft were too many and too varied, the West Forest side also didn’t know who could be the secret agent of the FBI, the expatriate of the Charter Bureau, or the special agent of the Secret Service, all unable to be confirmed. If they want to find Miss silently, they could only trust the local West Forest people, just happened in the visiting East Forest delegation, had a group of students of the West Forest military school, so this rigorous mission was handed to them. 
But the surveillance video of the day had been watched for many times, the Antique Bell people confirmed that miss didn’t left the second floor, so the search scope had been confined in the upper level, those regarded as genius military students, just like the spider limited activity route in the cobweb, and how could it be possible for them to find the target which had already climbed to another tree? 
The secretary took a look at him, thought in his mind that Mr. captain and he himself all came out from the West Forest military school, those just eighteen or nineteen years old officers should be counted as the junior fellow apprentices of them these people, won’t he had the heart to say the kind of words like growing up by eating shit? He lowered his head and said, “I always feel that we have missed some places.”
“Then expand the scope of the search.” The fat captain had a flicker of fantod in his eyes, “go down there to had a search, but… Remember don’t alarm too many people, don’t let those irrelevant people to know about it.” 
Just while talking, the communicator of the spacecraft suddenly lit up, a face of a silent and cold middle-aged man showed up on the screen. The secretary stood at attention right away and had a salute to that on the screen middle-aged man, and then walked out of the command module. The fat captain also stood up right away, although he knew it clearly that it took a very long time for the interstellar communication, but he still had a salute fastidiously, said in a loud voice, “report, commander, still no news, we only could confirm the safety.”
And then he lowered his head right away, said enormously ashamed, “boss, damned the fatty.”
This time the communication didn’t have the time correction and tuning, the words of that middle-aged general was said several minutes ago on the other side of the screen, not the order aimed at the captain, “keep searching. Firework is very naughty, but Firework is also smarter than what you these people thought, so don’t need to worry about her too much, just remember one point, Firework must go to the capital to go to the school. So this time her missing news is strictly prohibited to be leaked, I don’t want those dry and thin old senators of the Management Committee make an issue of this thing, say that our Fourth Military Region is looking for the excuse to delay.”
“Yes, boss.” The captain was very ashamed in his heart, held his hands tightly by the sides, pondered that if he really found miss, must see who dared to help her, found the food for her every day, he would tear that guy into pieces by then.
Just right at this time, the central control computer gave out the cold voice again, “the power output of the area 38 is abnormal, the condition of the ground load-carrying capability is abnormal, suspect that getting the inside impact.”
…………
…………
At this time, Sheilor didn’t have the consciousness to be torn into pieces, although he had been in doubt about Little Watermelon’s life experience, but it’s out of question that he could connect this little girl with the remote upper class of the fourth military and so forth the Federation, he was just an orphan living in the rock bottom of the Federation after all, he felt that those things were very far away from him subconsciously. And the now him had already put all his mind onto the broken mecha which was under his feet.
The operating cabin had the dim light come out, just in the light, the stepping on the cabin door of the mecha Sheilor was just like the people on the picture. Suddenly found the secret hidden in his hands, knew what kind of things on earth he had learnt in this four years, at this moment he thought of his teacher naturally, the friendship between generations, his boss-- Fengyu. The youngster couldn’t control the sentimental emotion in his heart, lowered his head and cried out soundlessly, the tears dropped on the surface of the mecha, and washed away several dust tracks.
Little Watermelon saw him to cry, made a gently “Ah” sound, and then covered her mouth with her two small hands in a rush. She didn’t know why brother Sheilor would cry, could it be said that because he had fixed this broken mecha capably, could it be said that it’s the words tears of joy on the book?
Not for a long time, then Sheilor was clear in mind, wiped the tears off from the face with the all oily sleeve, made himself the dirty face, somewhat embarrassed to look at on the floor Little Watermelon, and made an effort to say, “scared you? I wouldn’t cry no more in the future.” He was a people who suited the action to the word, since his boss had already gone, no matter life and death, then it’s no any meaning to sink himself into this kind of emotion again, just remembered him in the heart, and then lived his own life nicely. From this second on, Sheilor would cry rarely, until one day drenched in that rain while he was walking on the street many years later.
The central control chip of the M02 was broken, the most functions were already failure, of course Sheilor didn’t have the extravagant hopes that he could fix the chip in this kind of situation, he just used some seemed very clumsy ways, shielded the self-alarm system of the mecha, he needed to try whether the transmission system was good. Since the mecha had already passed the self-checking now, of course the excited him would give it a try, climbed into the no hatch cover operating cabin with some difficulties, according to the direction of the instruction book, it’s not hard for him to find the operating station.
Sheilor put his hands into the standing valve carefully, put his ten fingers on the simulation screen board in accordance with the fixed arrangement, then found it out disappointedly, although the transmission of this mecha seemed to can be used, but the signal input device still couldn’t be connected, said it accurately, between the simulation screen board of the operating station and the chipset he installed, couldn’t reach the connection. No matter how he tried, the whole mecha still kept its body unmoved.
In the situation of no other ways, he had to change to the simulation system, connected the sensors to his skin surface directly-- This kind of system had already been eliminated, because the scientists confirmed after researches, no matter how developed the human body was, the reaction speed by using the simulation system still could be very slow, and this kind of operation way would consume too much power, nobody could operate the mecha for a long time by this way. Just in the early days of the Constitution Calendar more than sixty years ago, the M02 would still keep this kind of unworthy system-- Just wanted to let the mecha’s finger to have a move anyway, Sheilor didn’t mind to be in a sweat.
This was a kind of illusion of the skin and muscle tissue, very thick and very deep, Sheilor had his eyebrows frowned up, found that maybe because the mecha was broken for too long, there was some problems with the sensor system, his nerve system commanded the muscle movement, didn’t have any way to let this mecha moved a bit. 
Suddenly he had the cognitive snap in his mind, or maybe the instinct reaction, Sheilor had a sip on his lips, closed his two eyes, his waist began to tremble, the enormous power was transferred to the arms from the waist and abdomen, then he made a stuffy sound, and raised his both arms.
Exactly same as his movement, the huge broken M02 mecha slowly raised both arms in the causing sour tooth sound!
In the surprise gaze of two children, the mecha took a step forward, and then… Collapsed with a loud crash!
After the loud noise, in front of the dressed in white pajamas little girl, the M02 mecha fell broken into the metal parts and rising smoke circuit boards all over the ground.


Chapter 40
Found the young man

The area 38 on the back of the Antique Bell commercial spacecraft gave out a loud noise, after a period of time, the dusty Sheilor, then climbed out from those piled as mass metal parts and suffused sparks circuit boards. The youngster stepped on a frontal armor sillily, stood blankly for a long time, then thought of to touch around on the body with his hands at random, until he confirmed that he wasn’t hit by the heavy mecha debris, besides some friction injuries on the body, no other really horrible wounds, he then  breathed out a sigh with the fear after the event.
In some kind of very old chronology, sixty years seemed to be a very important time period, called the cycle of sixty years, represented a section of very long time. No one knew how long this broken M02 mecha had been left in this waste storage cabin, but the date left the factory was at least sixty years, it had the damages in those years and the natural aging of the hardware, made its fall to pieces exceptionally clear-cut, broken apart all at once, but didn’t turn into the fallen down two-floor building waste, and buried Sheilor inside.
Sheilor’s face turned a bit pale, his motion was out of phase to climb across those high and low metal parts, pulled out the charging plug from the outlet on the wall in the first time. Walked a round along the wall, then walked to the front of Little Watermelon, he didn’t even dare to take a look at the ground.
Little Watermelon was also scared sillily, opened her big eyes, looked at the now empty space, seemed the mecha which earlier suddenly collapsed in front of her was still over there, her mouth also opened widely, the expression was so cute on top of the world, that dirty doll fell down to the floor from her hand as well.
Sheilor held the little girl in his arms, had a coax, and then coaxed her mind back. Sheilor turned his head back and took a look at those having many sharp metal sections of the mecha relics, had the lingering fear in his heart once again, he said in raucousness, “man, this is really too fragile.”
A major components were all made of the anti-fatigue alloy mecha, although had survived for sixty years of time, and had the fatal destruction, it still shouldn’t be as fragile as this.
Sheilor’s complain didn’t have the right place on obviously, until now, he still didn’t understand too well, it’s the way he operated the mecha caused this danger. That started from his waist, spread to the limbs strange tremble, was enlarged to the transmission system of the mecha through the sensor, still very powerful, let the mecha body couldn’t bear this kind of strong range vibration. And the youngster these days repair work, had the second time damage to the jointing strength of the mecha, then it had the previous shocking picture of single-step broken apart.
Just didn’t mention about the true cause of the mecha broken apart, Little Watermelon heard the complaint when Sheilor said with fear after the event, felt very fresh and very fun, she laughed out giggly, and there was not a bit of fear on the little girl’s face any more. Sheilor had a scratch on the head, had a wry smile, embraced Little Watermelon up and walked to the air conditioning tunnel outside of the cabin door. Although he didn’t know that the on-board people had decided to search the story down here, but he knew that huge noise earlier, certainly would cause many people to come to check it out.
Climbed in the stuffy and dark slender tunnel, Sheilor’s hands pushed Little Watermelon’s delicate white shoes time to time, his mood was abnormally easy, and didn’t have the slightest regret.
That fixed by him personally M02 broke apart just after it took the historic first step, maybe he couldn’t go into that waste storage cabin again, but he finally got close to the mecha for the first time, even fixed the mecha personally, even if it’s not so successful-- The youngster didn’t have the plan to become a mecha soldier, for him, this broken mecha was only an unusually hard-to-get experimental material. So he just had a sigh, admitted that in this kind of rough situation, with those scraped together materials, then he wanted to fix a precision mecha freakishly, it’s really a very foolish idea.
In these four years, Fengyu taught by personal example as well as verbal instruction, that always gave the play to the effects on the place Sheilor was unclear, the mechanic always had the beneath attention to the little boys’ worshipful mecha, considered in the modern warfare, mecha this kind of high energy consumption close-in weapon, really didn’t have any use, randomly a group artillery flat fire, would put these costly diamond into carbon. Besides those large range jumping special dash fight, the mecha… That was just only the decoration. Although in these years, Sheilor didn’t admit this point in front of uncle Fengyu, but he had already accepted this concept in his mind subconsciously, but… The mecha was really cool!
…………
…………
Half minute after the tunnel sealing board on the ceiling was covered back, a burst of noisy and rattled step sounds came to the area 38 on the back of the spacecraft, the sound of opening cabin door sounded up, finally the storing broken mecha and more waste metal components storage cabin was opened, more than ten wearing hazel petty officer uniform young people came in in a rush, they found out that the huge noise earlier was coming from here just in a glance, and also found out the odd things in this room.
The sullen expression Mr. captain and his exclusive secretary separated the crowd and walked in, the captain walked to the place among the mecha debris, had the hands on the back and took a few eyes, then walked to the other side of the crowd, somewhat difficult to lower his body, and picked up that dirty doll from the ground.
“Miss was right here just now.” The expression of the captain was even more murky than a moment ago. The secretary took a look at him, lowered his head, didn’t criticize his boss at this wrong time, about that he didn’t pay attention to the abnormal current output alarm by the central control computer earlier.
The fat captain stooped his obesity body and walked a round in these mecha debris, time to time picked up a metal board or a still smoking circuit board to take a look, his face was getting heavier and heavier, didn’t turn his back and had the command, “the search direction will be this down level, put the emphasis on area 33 to area 42, recall all the records of these days, have a look on which areas these tunnels of here lead to, and find out the greatest doubtful point.”
The captain raised his head and took a look at the not far away the entrance of those tunnels , he had his eyebrows wrinkled tighter and said, “provide them the electric shock sticks and guns, in the shortest time, find Miss.”
Those wearing hazel military uniform petty officers were all the exchange visiting students of the West Forest military school, they could represent the first-class West Forest military school to come to visit the East Forest Region, of course they were the strong performers of the school, and were also the key training objects of the Fourth Military Region. After heard this words, they perceived the strange very sensitively, just only looking for a six years old little girl, needed to risk to provide the firearms on the ship? But none of them dared to have any doubt for the captain’s command, just inhibited the excitement and anxiety to take a look at each other, then walked out of the cabin, and began to prepare the search work.
“Why provide them with the guns?” The secretary walked to the captain’s side, lowered his voice and asked. He knew that Mr. captain should find out some very important things, otherwise he wouldn’t be nervous such like this look now.
The captain dropped his eyes, stared at those mecha debris and somewhat strange components, opened his mouth and said, “this damn broken mecha had been put in here for how many years, I had already forgot. That man even could try to fix it… The mine planet walking car, the self-powered base cannon, even this fucking automatic clean machine…” It’s full of anger and taunt in the captain’s tone, but the more was the ridiculous feeling, “even wanted to use these things to fix a mecha unexpectedly? This man dared to have this kind of idea, then he is either a genius or a lunatic.”
“Maybe that man is a lunatic in the bone, but this mecha obviously moved and then broke apart, although he failed, but you also have to admit that he is a genius.” The captain’s eyes stared at his secretary like an eagle, “a crazy genius is kidnapping our miss at this time, don’t say to provide the guns, even ask me to request networking with the central computer of the Charter Bureau at this time, I also will be willing to.”
“Although the junior fellow apprentices of the military school grew up by eating shit, but I still will trust their ability, it may be assumed that they will be not stupid to shoot around without checking the environment.” The expression in the captain’s eyes became anxious gradually, “I was just thinking, who’s that guy having the ability to kidnap miss bellow our eyelids? Could it be said that he is the spy of the Empire, or the people from the rebel army?”
“The rebel army has already disbanded for many years, they keep in accordance with the non-violence and non-cooperation these years, it shouldn’t be them.” The secretary worried very much, but he was still eliminating the targets.
The captain shouted angrily, “have you been brainwashed by those people? How could the imperial people get on our West Forest ship? Those refugees over the Bermuda there dare to come into the scope of the Federation? Besides the anti-government side, who else will bear in mind constantly to make mischief the relationship between our Fourth Military Region and the Federation?”
…………
…………
The fact proved, the fat captain that worried so much judgment was a misunderstanding or a mistake.
 A people’s sight always has the blind spot, and the one time search work also had its blind spot, thus the people of the Antique Bell couldn’t find the little girl in these many days. Once they readjusted the right direction, in the help of the powerful computer, the working staffs had already found the doubtful points from the videotape just in three minutes.
One picture from the monitoring camera was enlarged and then sent to the captain. A dressed in white pajamas little girl was on the picture, stood quietly by the side of a young man, and was watching the graceful star scene which was outside of the porthole.
“This was the day before we left the East Forest Region, and it’s also that day miss was missing.” The captain’s expression relaxed slightly, because on the video, the working staffs didn’t find the signs that miss was kidnapped, “find this young man, and find miss.”
Very soon, all kinds of information were fed back, once they confirmed the target, the reaction of the having West Forest military background Antique Bell was so quick, it really had the iron army’s elegant demeanor of the field troop.
At that time, Sheilor and Little just had the bath in the room, he was using a white towel to cover the shaking ceaselessly head of the little girl, and was ready to wipe her hair dry, suddenly he found out that the door of the room was opened by people without any sound.
More then ten pitch-dark and incomparably cold muzzles pointed at his head.

                              
Chapter 41
Why sense of justice can’t be flooded?

…………
…………
Because the whole special mecha squad of the Fourth Military Region were wounded, so the soldiers responsible for the search work on the Antique Bell at this time, were all come from the West Forest military school. These under twenty years old young petty officers, were all the special privileged people themselves, everyone had the extremely excellent ability and performance evaluation, then they could be arranged to visit the East Forest Region. The present them, had enough strength to go into the elite special troop unit, and their future, would be doomed to bath the warfare on the border between the Federation and the Empire, promoted to the higher office ceaselessly, the surrounding environment and the growing progress, let them to have a share of pride even in the bone. But these days, they couldn’t find the whereabouts of their Miss, the severe frustration made their emotion  very downcast, and the pride also became the impatience.
In these West Forest military school petty officers, Jason was the recognized leader, because his personal strength was the strongest, the leadership skills were the best, and including at this moment, the raid rescue plan was also arranged by him proficiently. 
Jason was twenty years old, the look was very handsome, the young face had the strong military color, he looked at that youngster under his muzzle, had his eyebrows wrinkled slightly. The opponent shouldn’t be some kind of professional, otherwise it’s impossible that he didn’t notice their raid movements, but why this guy still kept so calm under so many muzzles? Just this youngster kidnapped Miss, and under his search, hid so many days abruptly? Jason had a flicker of doubt in his heart, but his action didn’t have any hesitation, and went directly to grab the in the opponent’s arms Miss.
…………
…………
With a crispy sound “Pa”, Jason sank in his heart, found he had some pains on the wrist, his hand also grabbed nothing, the eyebrows were wrinkled again, he said to himself that the grappling skill of this guy was really strange, he couldn’t see how the opponent reached out his hand.
Sheilor sat on the bed, the forearm just had a lift, blocked directly this soldier’s reaching out hand, his right hand had a round and kept Little Watermelon behind his back, looked at his opponent alertly and asked, “who are you people?”
Sheilor’s calm, also made Jason feel surprised, because not many people could still keep the calm under the aimed of these many muzzles. That’s because this petty officer of the military school didn’t know, just more than one month ago, Sheilor had already experienced the scene like this, and in order for protecting the little girl by his side, he had to keep his calm. He rounded Little Watermelon behind his back with one hand, guarded her solidly, the fingers clipped on a corner of the white towel, let the towel still cover on Little Watermelon’s head, so as not to let her to feel scared when she saw these cold muzzles.
Sheilor put forward the problem, but nobody answered this question. Because in the eyes of this group of proud petty officers, this youngster was the criminal who kidnapped miss, the target who they these people utterly detested, who would chat with a criminal? Moreover, Miss was still in his hands.
A strong figure petty officer rushed forward suddenly, hit a vicious elbow on Sheilor’s neck, for the safety of Miss, of course they wouldn’t shoot at random in such a narrow space, to knockout or knockdown this criminal at the first time, it’s the safest choice. Watched the powerful elbow point hit directly on the target’s neck, the petty officers of the West Forest military school heaved a sigh of relief in the heart at the same time, even the always cautious Jason had his expression relaxed a bit, the muzzle drooped down slightly, had a step forward, was ready to separate Miss from the criminal before he fell to the ground.
In the eyes of these West Forest pride men, anybody’s back of head had an elbow hit by Wham, fainted to the ground was the only possible finish. But the thing let all the people unthought-of, Jason’s hand grabbed nothing again, that young criminal didn’t fall down, had his body a shrink instead, protected the still covered with the white towel little girl, stepped back to the corner of the room, to the side by the window.
Jason had his eye pupils shrunk. 
Sheilor put down the palm which he put up by the side of the neck alertly, the palm side got a little bit red. At the previous that moment, faced the came roaring elbow point, he moved subconsciously with that set of movements which uncle taught, his body reacted naturally, let his palm come to the place faster than the opponent, and the crossed underarm palm discharged that bash very skillfully. 
But the situation had no any change at this moment, in the aimed of these many muzzles, Sheilor didn’t dare to had any strange movement, also didn’t dare to break out of the encirclement, he just protected Little Watermelon behind his back carefully. He felt that there were some odds for this thing, tried to explain something. If the opponents were those bad guys in Little Watermelon’s mouth, what should he do, that would be the coming up thing he needed to think about.
The fallen into arrogant state West Forest petty officers didn’t give the chance for Sheilor to explain, confirmed that Sheilor didn’t carry any weapons in the shortest time, along with Jason’s gloomy and angry voice, four military school petty officers threw themselves on at the same time.
…………
…………
Under the pressure of the firearms, Sheilor was knocked down to the ground, he heard clearly the words of that seemed to be the leader soldier at the earlier moment, didn’t dare to take the risk. Countless fists fell on his body at the same time, and the enormous pain, let his body shrunk up. The covered with white towel Little Watermelon, also at the first time, grabbed over by those military school petty officers, pulled the distance away from him.
Just at this time, a cold voice came from outside of the room, “beat him up first and then have a trial, beat him up to the point that even his mother couldn’t recognized him.”
The fat captain walked into the room with the gloomy face, saw the little girl’s figure protected by the military school petty officers safely, then breathed out a sigh of relief slightly, came to the side of the little girl nervously, and tried to confirm whether she had any hurts.
“Don’t beat elder brother up!” Little Watermelon’s voice screamed up through the white towel, the crisp girl’s voice sounded exceptionally harsh because of anger, she lifted the covered on her head white towel all at once, stared at those suppressed Sheilor onto the ground soldiers angrily. 
In the room was quiet all of a sudden, the white towel turned up in the air, showed that immature face of the little girl, and that still swinging  black hair.
“Miss… Ah!” The fat captain held the little girl up, was ready to bring her to leave this place, so as not to let the later on torture to pollute the little girl’s clean eyes. He didn’t expect, Little Watermelon struggled suddenly after she was in his arms, screamed shrill, both hands scratched everywhere, just violent as a little tiger, the fatty was scratched bloodlines all over on his face, and screamed to make a sound.
“Let go my elder brother!”
…………
…………
“Name?”
After a slight hesitation, the sitting on the bed Sheilor wiped the bloodstains off the corners of his mouth, and replied, “Sheilor.”
“Native?”
“Occupation?”
“You are a retired soldier incredibly.” The fat captain raised his wrist, waiting for the contents of the confirmed information, raised his head, and looked at Sheilor gloomily and said, “according to the federal spacecraft regulations on administration, in this spacecraft, I have the power to exercise the enforcement power within limit, I’ll arrest you with the charge of kidnapping children.”
Kidnapping children was the felony of the Federation, it could be sentenced from over seven years of imprisonment, up to the death penalty. Sheilor had a lick on the split of his mouth, raised his head and stared at this called himself captain fatty, looked at the bloodlines on his face, and laughed at him and said, “I need to see your employee’s card, I also need to see Little Watermelon… Firework Chung’s parents’ supervisee letter of authorization. I’m a veteran soldier, I don’t have any enforcement power, but I have the reason to doubt that you tried to kidnap a girl, unless you kill me, otherwise after I disembark, I will report to the police station.”
The captain looked at Sheilor like looking at a monster, silenced for a moment, and suddenly laughed, “are you telling jokes?”
“I am not telling jokes. If you can’t bring out the supervisee letter of authorization of her family, then I have the right to doubt about you.” Sheilor found that there was some sweet on his tongue, then he found out that how wicked those soldiers put their hands on him earlier.
“Sure, I could show you all of these, but how do you explain the behavior of these many days? Even if you met Miss by chance, but don’t you know it clearly, you should let the working staffs to handle this kind of things, but not you to hide her away yourself?”
The fat captain had his ten fingers crossed, said slowly. Actually besides he had the relaxation in his heart, he also felt that it’s too ridiculous for this thing. After Little Watermelon’s desperate resistance earlier, people finally knew what happened after Miss was missing roughly after all. The people of the West Forest also understood naturally, the considered as the anti-government spy, or the kidnapping children criminal youngster, actually just a poor people bearing the unexpected calamities.
Based on some kind of ulterior reason, the captain didn’t have the plan to let go Sheilor just like this, he still looked at this youngster coldly, kept putting the pressure on him. But Sheilor seemed to don’t feel this kind of pressure, he said calmly, “the little girl said that there are bad guys in the house, wanted to abduct her away from her hometown, to let her can’t see her parents any more.”
At this time, the supervisee letter of the authorization was faxed to the Antique Bell finally. At the same time, the spacecraft’s confirmation for the identity of the chip on Sheilor’s nape was also finished. The captain handed these two papers to Sheilor, said with taunt, “you are no more little, how could you still be so childish to believe the words of a run away from home little girl?”
Sheilor turned a few pages over, thought of the doubtful points shown by Little Watermelon in these days, he knew that the captain didn’t tell the lie. Little Watermelon’s family really wanted to send her to the Capital Planet Circle to study, but maybe Little Watermelon misunderstood something. But when he heard the captain’s sarcastic words, Sheilor didn’t even raised his head and said directly, “why couldn’t I believe in her words? I’m always willing to trust people, help her, even if she is only six years old.”
“It’s a sense of justice flooded inexperience young man after all.” The captain stared blankly, stood up and said with taunt.
Sheilor raised his head, stared at his face, said seriously, “sense of justice this thing, shouldn’t be the more the better? Even it’s flooded, could it be said that it’s a good thing?”
The captain was unable to respond, looked at Sheilor that pure-hearted and honest face, seemed to try to offer an explanation, whether there was a man such like this really existed in this world.
After the captain left, the room was quiet once again, the under house arrest Sheilor looked at the muzzles pointing at him, said to those several young soldiers, “can you put away the guns? I’m not a criminal, and I hate being put a gun to the head the most.”
The petty officers had a flicker of disdain on the faces, they these people wanted to give him some difficult time originally, when they heard Sheilor’s words at this time, one of them poked the gun barrel on his temple even harder, Sheilor was poked with some pains, let him couldn’t help raising his head to take a look at the opponent.


Chapter 42
The violent rebel of the youngster

The flight of the spacecraft was basically controlled by the central control computer automatically, unless for the having danger space leap, in the normal situation, the commerce captain or the battleship captain all would be the most leisure people on the whole ship. The fat captain took over the coffee which his secretary handed to him, leaned inclined against a cabin door in the area 38 and took a good sip, he had the endless satisfied look on his face, he appreciated his secretary this point the most, no matter anywhere and anytime, he could hand him a coffee precisely, not stick to the hot or cold.
Miss was found finally, safe and healthy… But only the temperament was getting worse a bit, merely it isn’t too much. The fat captain had a touch on the bloodlines on his face, had a wry smile. Having the coffee in his hand, the stone in his heart finally fell to the ground, the suffering for these many days finally was over, how could he have any dissatisfaction? Except that the area 38 was a cleaning zone, the smell in the air was not so clean, the fat captain had a sniff, scolded in the low voice, “the Ministry of National Defense is too stingy a bit, although he is just an retired batman, how would them to pay him to stay over here?” 
Mentioned that youngster, the secretary had a gentle smile by the side, and reminded him in the low voice, “the identity of that youngster was confirmed, just demobilized from the East Forest Region, didn’t have any chance to contact with the anti-government side. And this youngster didn’t have any criminal record as well, the file is very clean, maybe this thing is just really a misunderstanding.”
The fat captain had a sip of coffee, turned his head and took a look at that nearby cabin door, he was unaware of how about that youngster now in his heart, he had a gloomy smile and said, “of course I know this is just a misunderstanding, despite Miss is little, but she still won’t be cheated easily. If not I believe that boy is a foolish justice young man, do you think that he still would be alive at this time?”
“Then why do you still lock him up in the room? And let those military school petty officers to watch on him.” The secretary pushed the glasses up a bit, and had a trace of worry in his eyes. Earlier on the way sent miss back to her room, he inquired about that youngster carefully, instead he had some appreciation for the behavior which the youngster had in these days, “are we really ready to charge him kidnapping children and send him to the police station?”
“When did you begin to wear the gold frame glasses?” The captain gave him a stare, said with a smile, “don’t worry, I don’t have this kind of leisurely mood.”
His fat finger knocked on the bulkhead, the captain’s eyes were narrowing, he said word by word, “I still think that this youngster is a little bit weird, don’t you remember the everywhere components in the cabin room of the area 42? It is not the skill which a retired batman could master.”
The secretary spoke for Sheilor subconsciously, “didn’t he fail? And… Everyone may have his own secret.”
“I don’t want to know about the secret of that youngster, but I … Really do admire him.” The fat captain raised the cup of coffee in his hand a bit, said with a “Ha Ha” smile, “the morality is excellent, it’s the adjective only can be suitable on the kids, but I suddenly found that this boy also deserved this four words. Let me ask you, if you were in his situation, suddenly met a little girl to ask you for help, what would you do?”
The secretary pushed his glasses up again, thought seriously for a long while and said, “should contact with the working staffs of the spacecraft.”
“But he didn’t, he trusted in miss’s words. This is so to speak the advantage, because he is kind-hearted. But on the other hand to say, he is not really believe in other people, especially adults.” The captain emphasis his tone, “except for himself. So he would rather to risk the unknown danger, accompanied with Miss for so many days, and had been protecting Miss behind his back earlier.”
“What do you really want to say?” The secretary found himself couldn’t catch up with the captain’s thinking. 
“I really think highly of this youngster, Mmm… I can tell you  one thing, an hour ago, after sir commander knew about this youngster, he is very interested in this man as well, you can also use think highly these two words.” The captain said with a smile, “having the ability, having the morality and having the undertaking, there are not too many youngsters like him having these three possessions.
“What you mean is… The military region was ready to recruit him?”
“Not up to this step yet, just watching him for a while. After all, Miss really like this young man.”
The captain shrugged his shoulders, the fat on his body let the uniform swing up, “but I do really feel it very strange, the officers of the Ministry of National Defense’s recruit office and evaluation department all have their eyes blinded? Such a potential soldier like this, was sent to repair the mine under the ground of East Forest Region unexpectedly! And let him to go home after two year! Mother fucker, no wonder the quality of the new recruits to supplement the front line is getting lower and lower, if that great war more than ten years ago came once again, you say how many people would fucking die?”
“Then I don’t understand much more.” The secretary continued to express his doubt honestly, “confirmed the identity, confirmed he’s harmless, still need to watch him in the future, still need to build up the relationship, then what do you want to do for locking him up?”
…………
…………
“What are you looking at? Don’t think that you’re a justice youngster, I won’t dare to beat you up!”
The military school petty officer Wham saw Sheilor’s that without any emotion eyes, he didn’t know why he had such strong anger in his heart, or maybe because his that elbow didn’t have its effect earlier, let him to feel that he lost face in front of his school mates; or maybe because they kept pointing at this youngster with the guns, just hoped that he would show some fear to balance their psychology, but the result was completely failed.
So now, he would like to have a punch on Sheilor’s face. 
Sheilor raised his head and stared at this soldier in front of him, he felt that he had the burning pain on his temples. These soldiers put their hands on him very wicked earlier, the fist and feet all used the force at the joints when they brought him under control, if not for his resistance ability became a lot stronger without any reason, it was afraid of only one thing that he had already lied down. The pain and the shame of the disdain made him to think of the miserable situation when he was arrested by the soldiers in the West River state a month ago, especially when he heard the opponent’s incomparably contemptuous words, he began to have the fire arisen in his heart.
Jason walked to the front of Sheilor, reached out his hand and pushed Wham’s gun barrel aside slowly, and looked at the sat on the bed youngster and said coldly, “I heard that you are the soldier of the East Forest garrison command, how could you don’t know any rules? From the rank to count, we all should be your chiefs, so talk a bit frankly!”
Sheilor ignored this handsome young petty officer, just narrowed his eyes and thought, if he could pass the second round machine maintenance petty officer exam of the Ministry of National Defense, he should choose a place among the big three military academies or the West Forest military school to study, perhaps he would become the school mate of these young and pride people.
Saw Sheilor ignored him, Jason’s eyes narrowed slightly, “caught by us, you refuse to accept it?” he said. 
Sheilor broke the silence, “ I repeat one more time, I’m not a criminal, I don’t want to escape as well, I just don’t used to be pointed at the head with a gun by other people.” he said. 
“Do you think that it’s very shameful?” Jason smiled and said, but the voice was accompanied with some anger, “you kidnapped Miss, don’t you know that you have already humiliated us for many days? We just want to humiliate you, so what else you can do?”
He lowered his head, patted on Sheilor’s face slightly, and made the loud “Pa Pa” sounds. The words he said, actually was the thinking of all the West Forest military school petty officers in this room. 
Sheilor lowered his head and said, “I can’t do anything. A group of gentlemen, just only know showing off the gun in the hand, perhaps you have already forgotten how to use your own gun.”
This words was somewhat vicious, but come out from the mouth of Sheilor this earthy and sincere man, it’s extremely irritating. In the room, the faces of the West Forest military school petty officers changed immediately, and put the gun back to the pocket silently. Actually now they knew it clearly that this youngster was not the criminal kidnapped Miss, the reason why they kept holding the gun just now, just only for scaring this young man. Since they wanted to give the opponent a lesson privately, of course they would need to put their guns away.
Jason stared at Sheilor’s eyes and said, “observed from just now, you seem really can fight, then I will come to teach you, what the real military grappling skill should be, remember, don’t cry for your mother when you get hurt… Ah!”
Without any warning, a head hammer interrupted Jason’s word attack directly!
Sheilor got used to set out silently, especially when facing the West Forest soldiers, he had the strong desire to beat up the opponents, and moreover, the opponent also mentioned crying for mother.
He lowered his head severely, bumped against the opponent’s nose directly!
The blood gushed out from the nose of the handsome petty officer, at the same time, Sheilor sprang up from the bed, the upper body pressed toward the ground, passed through the underarm of the opponent, but the right arm smashed rearward just like the steel, and hit the opponent’s neck ruthlessly. 
After a thud, one of the most outstanding petty officers of the West Forest military school, was beat down to the ground heavily by Sheilor like this, and couldn’t sit up any more. Sheilor didn’t stop his action, the knees had a spring, kicked the attacking over from the right side the petty officer’s waist with a foot, the action was simple but smooth and clean to the extreme.
At this time, the strong figure Wham’s reaction was the quickest, with a howl, attacked over, but the body still kept uptight, didn’t have any loophole, fully showed the quality of an excellent military school petty officer.
Sheilor was not afraid at all, the tiptoes stepped on the ground, the practiced for four years that set of movements was put to good use very skillfully, steered by the punching to the face fist in a breeze. Grabbed the cartilage of the opponent’s wrist with backhand, exerted himself to have a bend, at the same time, the right elbow hit the opponent’s temple along with the opponent’s shoulder like a lightning!
The burly Wham just fainted down like this, fell to the ground, and made a heavy noise.
The seemingly simple combo of three hits, actually was really quick to the extremely, the consumption was great, Sheilor gasped for a few times, opened the fingers of both hands, up and down kept the 30CM distance, guarded in front of the body, had both the attack and the defense. He stared at the still standing in the room West Forest soldiers on the alert, stared at their hands, and said with the hoarse voice, “my mother has died for many years, and I really want to know… Without guns, who would exactly cry for mother?”
Looked at the blood on the floor, listened to the moaning sound, Sheilor’s that already depressed for a long time emotion finally disperse a bit, the responsible for killing his boss colonel Lake, not exactly was a West Forest soldier? He couldn’t revenge for his boss, but he still would beat up these several West Forest bastards!
Sure, Sheilor was a guileless and sincere young man, sometimes he would forget that, in that night of many years ago, he killed a gang leader with a sharp hydraulic tube personally.
But guilelessness didn’t mean no courage and uprightness, sincere didn’t mean willing to be bullied. He was not even a pedantry and stupid people, facing those people and things he hated, he would have the flexible dealing ways. When facing the disdained him people, in this simple and honest body, actually was also hiding the emulousness and the intrepidness of the young man.


Chapter 43
The Power Of That Leg

The people fought into a mess inside of the room, but the conversation between the captain and the secretary still continued outside of the room.
“Have you found? I just said it earlier, this boy looks simple and honest, but he wouldn’t trust in people particularly in his heart… No, it seems that he doesn’t trust the authority.” The fat captain had his eyebrows wrinkled up, “could it be said that this boy was fucked the back door when he was a new recruit? Ha Ha, Ha Ha…”
The secretary didn’t laugh, the captain also held back his laughter, coughed a couple times and then said, “probably stayed in East Forest for too long, this boy’s character is also same as an East Forest people, just like a stone, the character is too straight and too stubborn, I need to grind his temper, and grind it softer. Need to let him know, in this world, not just rushing forward awkwardly, then you could see the bright future.”
“You want to let him know that the strength and power will come in first? This is poisoning the strong-willed young people.” the secretary shook his head with disagreement, “no wonder you want those military cadets to watch him, I’m afraid that the young man would be beaten up badly in a while, even you want him to know about the horror of the reality, it’s still no need to let him badly beaten, what should we do if Miss ask about it? You said that the commander also feel interested in him, what if he holds the grudge against our Fourth Military Region?”
“Just only a little fucking boy, if he even couldn’t endure this little humiliation, then what else he can do? Furthermore, when our Fourth Military Region was held the grudge against less?” The captain said with taunt, “this fucking boy, made me worried for that long, beaten for once is the lightest punishment.”
“Oh, right, that boy called Sheilor? Why this name sounds somewhat familiar? It seems that I heard it somewhere.” The fat captain had a yawn, turned his head and took a look back at the nearby room.
These days he had already scolded those top students of the military school as shit, those pride young petty officers had already had the fire in their hearts, stayed with Sheilor alone, this long time had passed, it should be like a blazing fire and the dry wood fired for a long time in the room-- The captain thought in his heart, that young man should be beaten up like a pig head, he should go in there to finish all of this, otherwise once those growing up by eating shit military students really couldn’t stop their hands, fought a bad scenery out, then how would he explain to miss tomorrow?
The captain pushed the cabin door open, brought the secretary to walk inside, and then the expression on his face was frozen up.
…………
…………
The gust sound of the fists and feet in the room suddenly broke out, and suddenly stopped, just in a flash of time, there were three people knocked down by Sheilor’s side. “Pa Pa Pa Pa,” two steps forward, both hands one blocked and one crossed, smooth and clean to get close in, beat down two more people, Sheilor had his legs crossed, stepped back to the side of the bed, and glanced at all around alertly. Beat down five people in a flash, the wounded him had already felt the fatigue, because of the reason that he used too much force, the corners of his mouth were broken, the blood flowed down again, he wiped it off with his sleeve, looked ruthlessly at the other those several people not blunt come up in time in the room, saw that they put their hands down to the waist slowly, he had a scold secretly in his heart, couldn’t fight to win and then still would pull the gun out?
While he was thinking like this, Sheilor squat down by the side, both hands held his head, this was not surrender, but for later on he wouldn’t get too serious hurt when he was beaten, anyway he would not resist, these West Forest military school students would be impossible to pull the gun to shoot him into a honeycomb-- In the procedure of squat down, he counted it very serious, he knocked two people out of consciousness, seemed that two more people were shocked off the joints by the muscle of his arm, the seemed proudest young leader, was knocked the blood all over his face by him-- Counted it like this, even if he would be beaten several more times wickedly, be knocked out of consciousness, no matter what, he had already earned it.
Just when Sheilor was getting ready to be beaten with some unwilling, some unyielding, some refusing and some seriousness, the cabin door was opened. The fat captain looked at all the mess and the in coma and pain petty officers in the room, he had a flicker of shock on his face, but when he saw the still standing on the ground those petty officers had already pulled out the guns, his face however got some horribly gloomy, “Deng Deng, Deng Deng” walked over there, had a spank on the back of the head of one petty officer, scolded harshly, “shameless losers! Your teachers taught you just like this? Since when the Fourth Military Region had you these not promising guys?”
A beautiful female student was scared, she explained right away, “the suspect fought and harmed people, so we…”
Not waited for her to finish her words, the captain stopped her words chillily, slowly walked to the front of Sheilor, looked at this squat down on the ground, like a innocent white rabbit covering his head youngster, had countless doubts in his mind, what on earth people was this youngster? Eighteen years old retired soldiers were not rare, but could knock down five excellent petty officers of the military school in such a short time, this would be too inconceivable. You should know that even the West Forest military school was not the first-tier military academy of the Federation, but casually put the excellent petty officer of it to any troop, he would be the only choice vanguard. He could be one against five unexpectedly?
Checked on those petty officers’ injuries slightly, the captain had his eyebrows wrinkled, from the technique to see, it’s really the style of the army grappling skill, but he put his hand to them so ruthlessly, where could it tell that it’s so innocuous and simple like the appearance of this boy?
Without any warning, the fat captain had his foot to stamp at the on the ground Sheilor, the fat body seemed to become cast by the steel at this moment, and that thick leg brought the horrible momentum, swept directly to Sheilor’s upper body!
Sheilor had already given up under the muzzles, but he didn’t think of that those petty officers took the guns back to his surprise, he didn’t even expect, this looked even difficult to walk captain, would start the attack at him without warning unexpectedly, and the attack was even so violent and horrible! Sheilor didn’t even have a thought, the developed instinct consciousness by the stiff dance and killing buffalos in these four years, let his eyes narrow up, not let the blowing on his face strong breeze affected his own sight, the covering head both arms also separated in the shortest time, one arm stretched to the front, one arm dragged a bit back, put up the solid T-word, and blocked in the front of that horrible thick leg. 
Suddenly became a stern-faced killing machine from a fat captain, the suddenly came leg shock up the horrible whistle very easily, brought the shocking power, very easily broke through Sheilor that blocked with difficulty in the up front arm, with the speed that the naked eye couldn’t see clearly, swept to the last arm which Sheilor guarded in front of his face.
In the residual shadows, except the captain and Sheilor two people, nobody could perceive that horrible thick leg, easily broke through Sheilor’s first arm, although the speed lowered a bit, but the power was still extremely horrible.
The fingers touched the wind in the air, touched the texture of the trouser legs’ cloth, the lowered head Sheilor had his fingers turned pale, flapped his wrist and grabbed down, tried to catch the ankle of the opponent, pinched his fingers into the tendon, and let the opponent lose the power. But this was only the extravagant hopes after all, the power of the fat captain that leg was too great, in the instant time, that made Sheilor felt the numbness and pain on his fingers, then the fingers were spread out, couldn’t hold it any more, and just only could wait for the result of being swept by this thick leg sadly.
Instinctively, the still familiar instinctive reaction, in the most dangerous moment, let that share of magical tremble, sent out from each pair twined as silk muscle fibers, converged into a share of enormous strength, sent to his arms, his fingers… But at the same moment, the intellect, the calm which the mechanic Fengyu admired him the most played the role, he gave up the tremble in his body, released the power, let the captain’s thick leg to sweep over.
Knocked down these military school students, he still could say that his own ability was amazing, if depended on the grappling strength to block this horrible leg, he also could have the words for that. But Sheilor didn’t dare to let the outsider to find out that share of magical power in his body at all, what on earth the matter of that kind of tremble was, he’s not so sure, but he knew, if somebody of intention perceived the tremble power in his body having any relation with uncle Fengyu, then the thing welcomed him, might be the investigation by all means of the Federation, and all his disguises bounded to be unveiled!
…………
…………
The fighting was in the lightning time, any hesitation and quit couldn’t be allowed at all, Sheilor had his mind swung in a flash, the captain that ruthless and violent sweeping leg had already hit on his chest directly, that share of huge strength, couldn’t be blocked only by his both arms at all. After the thud, Sheilor fell down onto the bed heavily, snorted the sound in pain, but his eyes had a flicker of doubt.
The fat captain’s leg still kept the direction of downward 30 degrees, as motionless as a statue, just like he was cast by the steel, stable to make people feared. 
His this leg didn’t sweep for real, otherwise that share of powerful strength, was enough to kick Sheilor to vomit the blood and fall into coma. After silenced for a moment, the fat captain had a frown on his eyebrows, took back his leg slowly, and walked out of the room without turning his head back.
“The level of that boy is not bad, but… Unfortunately is not that kind of genius.” The fat captain walked in the corridor lazily, and it seemed to have some regret in his tone.
This comment seemed very general, but the been by his side secretary had the surprise in his heart. He knew it clearly that the captain he served looked just like a normal fatty, but in fact, he was the most intrepid special vanguard of the Fourth Military Region in those years, and not like Lake them that kind of special mecha squad member, but the real secret trump card of the military region, was trusted and relied deeply by sir commander, otherwise the military wouldn’t let him to manage the Antique Bell, and also wouldn’t rest assured to let the captain to send Miss to Capital planet to go to school. 
Just talked about that leg earlier, the secretary knew it clearly, the captain could let this leg to hit on Sheilor’s chest, quit after hit it thirty percent, if he really hit it with all his strength, that youngster would surely have the fate of broken bones and got killed. Just a unfathomable captain such like this, even judged that boy’s level not bad… It looked like that the three-possessions retired youngster who Miss met in this missing, was really a fierce character.
“The genius in the army were all from the practice, he has already left the army, it’s not a difficult thing that if the military region wants to call him up again, there are many past examples like this.” The secretary gave the idea by the side.
The captain didn’t stop his footsteps, shook his head and said, “the general talent, although precious, but they are everywhere, but the real genius is hard to find, since that boy is not the good material which commander is looking for, it’s no significance to let him to stay.”
“What kind of genius?” The secretary didn’t understand.
“The Lee family that kind.” The captain had a laugh in bitter, “the cultivate moral character genius of our Federation, seems all in his family.”
The secretary said with a smile, “you can say that again, who let the patriarch of his family is that one.”
…………
…………
The day after, the washed clean all over Sheilor, wore his that washed whitish clothes, in the lead of the working staff, came to the upper level of the Antique Bell. he didn’t know what was welcoming him, just told himself, the Capital was already not far away, he should be a bit more low-key.


Chapter 44
Self-Cultivation Pavilion And Practice

Sheilor sat on one side of the long table in the restaurant private room, looked at the like carpet stretched out white table cloth in front of him, lowered his head slightly, somewhat didn’t understand why the rich people of the Federation would be this waste just having a meal. A glass of water was put in front of him, the dishes were still not served yet, because the host who invited him for the dinner was still not coming yet.
Two waiters stood waiting by the side calmly, Sheilor didn’t find anyone to talk to, and he also didn’t have any interest to talk, lowered his head, picked up the made of the silver fork and knife, and acted on the white table cloth. After a night, the pains on his body had already been well a lot, he began to recall the fat captain that coming with whistle leg, the more he thought, the more horrible then he felt about that leg. He lied in the bed and thought for a long time, found out that at that moment, even he could allow the muscle to tremble freely, released the magical power of the body, he was afraid that he still couldn’t block that leg completely.
Because of this one leg, Sheilor thought of the problem for two aspects.
The first problem was how on earth he should handle the magical power in his body? Once he launched it with all his strength, he could break the military special plastic handcuffs, this was not the thing that the normal people could do, but that kind of tremble body characteristic was too obviously, it’s too easy to let people to associate it with uncle mechanic… Could he find a way to let this kind of tremble just to move within the body, but wouldn’t let people tell it out by the look?
The second problem was how to block the ruthless swinging leg like the fat captain’s? That one leg was obviously the super-strong grapple skill of the army, with downward thirty degree swept coming over directly, smooth and clean, brought with the great strength, looked simply to the extreme, no matter the speed, the angle or the anticipated withdraw, all calculated accurately to the extreme, didn’t have any loophole. If at that moment he was standing, maybe he still could get close to him, hit the elbow on him and kneed him on  his private parts, even his leg was swept broken, but he still could let the opponent to have some hidden losses. But the problem was that he was sitting, and how could he deal with it when he was sitting?
He took the silver-shiny knife and fork and racked them on the white table cloth, simulated the opponent’s kicking legs and his own possible dealing ways. His boss taught him ten postures, these postures were the very severe skills without any doubt, otherwise it’s impossible for him to knock down five top students of the West Forest military school at a time. But these ten postures were all attack skills, didn’t have one for defense, although heroic and intrepid to the extreme, but they were too stiff as well… No other way, they were the stiff dance originally. 
Sheilor scratched on his head painfully, fell in the thinking about the fighting and couldn’t extricate himself. For the skill about fighting, he didn’t have too much interest. In his view, the present Federation was no more the battlefield for the individualistic heroism-- But uncle Fengyu persuaded him with the first machine parlance. Later on these days of thrilling experience, let him knew that it’s what kind of important thing for the increase of the individual strength. The most important thing was, he was a man like to compete and like to study intensively, he was like that when he was following uncle Fengyu to study the knowledge about the machine maintenance, he was also like that when he was thinking about fighting, always easily indulged inside but not knowing himself, of course this was a kind of very god-given study potential…
“Only obsessed in something, then you could train these things well. Now I probably somewhat understand, how you could knock down those proud shit. I think in these two years when you were having the military service in the mine of the East Forest, probably you placed the postures of the grappling skill all the time.” Didn’t know when the fat captain had already walked into the private room of the restaurant, looked at him with a kind of strange eyes.
Several clear and crisp sounds rippled in the empty room, the racked in together silver fork and knife fell down on the table, Sheilor was keeping to practice the postures, his fingers were frozen in the air. He looked at the fat captain that still having bloodlines face, scratched his head and had a smile, the other party seemed to misunderstand something, but it would be alright this way, lest he didn’t know how to explain yesterday that scenery.
The fat captain walked to his side and sat down, made a satisfied sigh, it seemed that the lazy him hated to walk very much. How could a man such like him give out a quick and forceful leg like that? At this time Sheilor of course wouldn’t believe this surface expression, but he did have the good impression for this fat captain, so he kept the polite silence. 
“The army had buried many talents, there are many like you this kind of studying fighting all the time people. The yesterday surveillance video I had already watched, the grappling skill you used is very strange, probably it’s the result of that you simplified the military boxing, I don’t know whether it’s good or not, but it’s too staunch a bit anyway, doesn’t leave yourself any route of retreat.” The fat captain was out of breath to take over the water in front of Sheilor and drank it down, he said, “this kind self-developed way, couldn’t learn the deeper things even you stay in the army, if you have the interest in this aspect, after the spacecraft arrive the Capital, I can introduce you to several relatively famous self-cultivation pavilions to take a look.”
“Self-cultivation pavilion?” Sheilor didn’t understand why the captain would suddenly remove the guard outside of the room today, and even this formally invited him to come here to have dinner, he was ready to keep the silence carefully, but when he heard this strange nouns, he still couldn’t help asking curiously, “what kind of place is that? Does it mean that there are the places especially for people to study the fighting in the Federation?”
The fat captain looked at him as like looking at a fool, “although you had been as ground mouse in the East Forest for two years, but you are still an upper Forest people, how could you don’t even know about the self-cultivation pavilion?”
Sheilor knew that he gave himself away a bit, shook his head and had a smile, didn’t say anything to explain. In the explain of the fat captain, he then knew what the self-cultivation meant-- In the present society, the hot weapons had already developed to the peak, the individual force seemed so insignificant in contrast, the ancient martial club developed to present this stage, the goal was not to teach people the grappling skill, but to excise the will with the skill, to calm the mood, and to cultivate the body and morality-- And also for this reason, the people exercised in the self-cultivation pavilion, didn’t have the desire to excel too much at all, and not attracted too many attentions as well.
“The self-cultivation class of the military academy have already changed into the grappling skill class, the young men now, are all too stupid, they don’t know what’s the really good stuff at all.” The fat captain shook his head in disdain and said, “if the self-cultivation pavilion doesn’t have anything good, why the Lee’s family would ask every descendent of every generation, when they are twelve years old, need to stay in the self-cultivation pavilion to study for two whole years and then allowed to come out?”
“Lee’s family?” Sheilor knew that he this born in the East Forest orphan was a bumpkin in most people’s eyes, he didn’t mind to tell his doubt frankly as well, “do you mean the Lee’s family of Philadelphia?”
The fat captain nodded his head, Sheilor was shocked, a glittering name appeared in his mind immediately, a sublime existence, a low-key but incomparably famous family, this family was not in the traditional seven big families of the Federation, but in the past decades, because of that old man, they had the collective respect of the federal citizens.
“Just let you to go to have a study, and what’s the good thing you are thinking about? Don’t you count on yourself that you can kill an emperor as well?” The fat captain saw the expression on the youngster’s face, said with a mock.
Sheilor laughed “Ha Ha” a couple times, suddenly asked primly, Mr. captain, this thing is only a misunderstanding, presumably that you also make it clearly. I don’t know, what’s the reason why you ask me to come here for today?”
The fat captain piled the smile on his face very seriously, said with the gentle voice, “of course try to have a good relationship with you, and ask you to do me a little favor at the same time.”
Suddenly, the fat captain became so flattering, and so naturally, it really scared Sheilor, he was stupefied on the spot, didn’t know what to say.
Just right at this time, the cabin door of the room was opened to both sides slowly, held the hands by two wearing suits women, surrounded and protected by seven or eight service people, a wearing pink flower skirt, clipped a sky blue hairpin on the head, appearing very lovely little girl, walked into the room just like this.
The captain lowered his voice, said with please, “little brother, this is the thing I am requesting you, if you can let miss to have the meal, it’s no problem for the previous things, the future things… No problem as well.”
Sheilor couldn’t say anything, he had never expected the thing, which the captain requested him to do seriously, was actually this thing, but when he saw Little Watermelon, the face was from depressed to pleasantly surprised, saw the black hair swinging on the forehead of the little girl, he couldn’t help laughing up happily as well, shouted at that side, “Little Watermelon.” 
“Brother Sheilor.” Little Watermelon got rid of the hands of the two female working staffs, in the helpless eyes of those people, ran to the front of Sheilor in small steps, sat down directly at his side, opened her curious eyes widely and asked, “brother, what do you come here for?”
“Come to have the dinner with you.” Sheilor said with a smile.
…………
…………
In the next few days, Sheilor got rid of the identity of suspect, moved from the cleaning zone area 38, to the facilities were even more high-class upper level of the spacecraft, began to accompany with Little Watermelon to have meals, have fun and tell stories. He liked Little Watermelon this well-behaved little girl very much, didn’t feel it’s hard to deal with the little girl like what the captain said, so he didn’t feel there was any problem for this job, but… If Sheilor knew, it’s the prelude that he was going to bear the heavy responsibility two years later, would he still feel the same happiness like at this moment? Or said that he would do this period of practice work a bit better?
This afternoon, Little Watermelon began to have the afternoon nap tamely. Sheilor opened the cabin door, was ready to go back to his own room to study how he could hide the body tremble under the skin, thinking while walking, he didn’t expect that he met several somewhat familiar people at the corner of the corridor.
The knocked out and wounded by him petty officers of the West Forest military school, after the treatment by the on board clinic and these several days recuperation, were basically well. Colonel Lake that group of special mecha squad were still in the serious injuries, the escort job would still be handed to them. It’s also very intriguing come to speak of it, the most powerful two groups of forces of the Antique Bell, were all wounded by Fengyu and Sheilor this pair of teacher and student.
Sheilor stared blankly a bit, looked at the still red and swollen temple of that called Wham petty officer, silenced for a moment, nodded his head, walked pass over by his side, didn’t have any at swords’ points situation happened. 
Standing next to the space porthole Jason looked at the back of that ordinary figure, had a touch on his own throat subconsciously, seemed that he still felt some dull pains. 


Chapter 45
The tragedy on the Upper Forest

Sheilor’s figure disappeared in the corner, then the been staring at him several West Forest military school petty officers held their eyes back, although the expression on the face didn’t have any change, but perhaps they had breathed out a sigh of relief in the heart. They had already known by this time, Miss seemed to be dependent on that youngster very much, they, as the soldiers of the West Forest, of course wouldn’t go to foment the fire initiatively, and it looked like that called Sheilor youngster was not a holding the grudge role, but didn’t know why, they still had some nervousness in the heart, and some ire.
The petty officer Wham had a rub on his that still in dull pain forehead, lowered his head and scolded a few words or something, they this group of people were knocked down five people by Sheilor, it’s the most embarrassing scene in the journey. Jason heaved a sigh, put his hands behind his back by the window, said to those several school mates, “there is nothing to complain about, no fighting match for is no fighting match for, it’s also meaningless to put the grudge in the heart.”
“That’s right, after all we are the professional soldiers, not the people devoted to study in the grapple.” That female petty officer eased everyone quietly, the words were also right, although the present military academy still valued the exercise of the army grapple skills very much, but the thing that really could judge the merits of a soldier’s quality, was still the considerations of the comprehensive quality, like the operating skills of all kinds of vehicles or even the aircrafts, the handling of all kind of system weapons, about the individual force, so what could it do even if it’s strong to the extreme?
“Don’t forget, he is just a retired batman.” Jason turned his body around slightly, looked at these took him as leader schoolmates, couldn’t help to heave a sigh, shook his head and said, “not just only you, including myself, as long as the student coming out from the West Forest, the eyes are always on the top of the head, wouldn’t particularly have high regard for anyone, even the three military academies of the Upper Forest, but who could think of this, we these many people, were knocked down by a just retired from the army batman unexpectedly…”
“It’s really a tragedy.” Jason had his corners of mouth warped up, said with the downright self-mockery.
The corner of the corridor was quiet again, that female petty officer had the helplessness in her heart, kicked the wall with her army boots subconsciously. Suddenly Wham put down his rubbing temple hand, said with the stuffy voice, “that boy looks very honest, but he put his hand on us very wickedly, I don’t believe that he would really treat Miss well.”
“Don’t look for the excuses.” Jason gave him a stare, “you want to revenge is that you want to  revenge.”
“I just want to get the face back.” Wham said angrily, “I just don’t believe, I actually even can’t fight match for a little guy! No way, we will be going to arrive the Upper Forest tomorrow, I will go to find him tonight, rest your heart, this time it is just a pure competition.”
“Don’t be nonsense.” Jason had his face cold a bit and reprimanded, “last time we fight in the room, that’s because it’s the acquiescence of the captain, now what do you want to contest for in this kind of situation? Don’t make any trouble in the ship, anything happened and got your credits deducted, I would ignore you.”
“Then this thing would be over just like this? My head was hit a lump out, you were hit full face blood, Harlem he was still in the bandage… I don‘t want to be doing nothing like this.”
“Doing nothing is better than doing something wrong.” Jason’s voice was very hoarse, he had a touch on his throat subconsciously, thought of that day the arm hit on his throat like a steel bar, he had some chills in his heart, “train yourself well, don’t go to ask for an insult, one day you have the confidence, then go to find him again. Rest assured, I think you still will have a lot of chances to meet him in the future.”
Wham asked, “I heard that the boy is an Upper Forest people, the Ministry of National Defense arranged him to be the hitch hiker, where I could find him in the future?’
“But I don’t think like this, the military region now needs the talents, like him this kind of not eye-catching but having the strength character, the military region will not likely let go.”
…………
…………
Jason’s judgment was right. Although the fat captain had said to the secretary, Sheilor was not that kind of genius character that he was curious for, but the grapple ability Sheilor showed, especially those everywhere mecha debris, still let the captain sent him the invitation. 
In a private occasion, the secretary brought out three documents to show Sheilor, one was the exempted enrollment office-copy of the West Forest military school, one was the second recruit office-copy not through the channel of the Ministry of National Defense, and the last one was the employment document of some company of the Capital Planet Circle.
Sheilor turned the three documents over once with some doubts, then he knew what the captain meant. No matter the West Forest or the second recruit, for a just retired from the army batman, were absolutely the big pie dropped down from the sky. And the treatment of that Capital Planet Circle company was also very good, that company’s main product was aircraft power manufacturing, it could provide Sheilor the very good room and board condition and salary.
“Think about it.” The secretary was somewhat gladly to look at Sheilor, same as Miss, he could also tell the honesty from this young’s bone, he hoped that he could join in his this side very much, although now his strength was pretty average, the talent of the machine maintenance was also needed to be confirmed, but a potential stone, always was easy to let people pay more attentions to.
Sheilor read it carefully once, had a sigh regretfully in his heart, if it were changed to the previous him, no matter which condition he would very glad to accept, because he could leave the East Forest, and engaged in his favorite things. At the beginning he attended the petty officer exam of the Ministry of National Defense, not exactly for this reason? But the present him had to reject it, because he… Was a fugitive, a needed to out trick the whole Federation fugitive, he didn’t want to associate with the government too much.
Uncle boss had said it once, the most dangerous place was also the safest place, this words could be trusted only three times. Sheilor didn’t want to use these three opportunities easily, and for the West Forest, or the Fourth Military Region… Sheilor still had the very strong contradictory emotion, the death of his boss couldn’t do without the connection of the Fourth Military Region, although it’s surely the order of the Federation, the Fourth Military Region was only the executor, but Sheilor still couldn’t get along with these people together, if not for the reason of Little Watermelon, perhaps he wouldn’t want to talk to these people at all.
“Sorry, I don’t have the plan to return to the army, and the Ministry of National Defense seemed to have already arranged the accepting unit for me.” Sheilor shook his head with apology, he could tell, this secretary in front of him was really considering for him.
The secretary shook his head with some regrets, but he wouldn’t be too disappointed as well, after all, he had already tried his best, and also tried to return the favor to the other party for Miss, just only for some unknown reasons, the other party didn’t want to accept it.
…………
…………
The long quiet space journey was over, the heavy roar sounded up in the huge Antique Bell commerce spaceship, the strong power was helping the huge aircraft to adjust the attitude and the direction. The already packed his baggage, carried the backpack on the back Sheilor, was looking at that light blue planet outside of the porthole, and his eyes were full of excitement.
That planet was very beautiful, the light blue sea, the light hazel land, the white clouds floating on it. Outside of the porthole, two small blue streamline spaceships were leaving the Antique Bell hull, flight toward that white cloud, it’s really a fascinating picture.
This was the Capital Planet Circle, and also was called the administration primary plant of the Upper Forest Region, the center of the whole federal civilization, the white President Office, the gray senate house of the Management Committee, and the legendary Charter Bureau, these could control the whole Federation authority symbols, were all on this beautiful planet.
Sheilor followed the prompt of the electronic voice, tried hard to hold the excitement, in the help of the working staff, went into the pod. Since he rejected the secretary’s suggestion yesterday, then he didn’t see any West Forest people, not even saw Little Watermelon, although there were some regrets, but he knew it clearly, with his that identity of most wanted fugitive of the Federation, he could only keep the distance away from the obviously noble birth Little Watermelon.
…………
…………
The air-ground connection airship launched out the alloy wings in the height of eight thousand meters, became a bird in the blue sky and the white clouds, kept the absolute smooth and steady, flight toward the land surface of the planet. The airship flew lower and lower, finally swept over the edge of the white clouds, and plunged into the thick and essence-like clouds.
The somewhat afraid of flight Sheilor, had already watched enough the scenes and those flame like ion current outside of the porthole, he closed his eyes tightly, waited the landing that moment. The waiting seemed a bit long, it’s long enough to make him almost fall into sleep, just felt a slight shock, then he opened his eyes, had a breath of relief with the other passengers at his side at the same time, looked at the straight runway outside of the porthole and the not far away black and white electronic control tower, he laughed up.
Walked out of the hatch door, a share of cold wind blew on his face, Sheilor looked at the ground in front and the distant buildings, had the expression a stiff, nearly couldn’t move his legs… These white soft and cold things, could it be the legendary snow?
He walked down the gangway ladder in the urge of the passengers behind him, but walked more and more stiff, it looked like that he was like exercising in the mine. The weather of the Upper Forest was too cold, he was frozen to want to stomp his legs, but didn’t want to cause the attention of the people on the airport. Actually it’s impossible for him to not cause people’s attention, in this area, all the people were wearing the slightly thick thermal wears, wearing the hats and gloves, only him was still wearing the early autumn unlined dress, had a broken backpack on his back, and looked incomparably poor.
Sheilor blew the breath on his slightly red hands, his whole people had been frozen silly. When he left the East Forest, the East Forest was also the winter, but the four seasons of the East Forest didn’t have too many differences, didn’t have the snowfall for thousands of years, how could he think of, the winter of the Capital Planet Circle… Was this cold!
A snowflake fell down, fell on his face, made him to have a shiver, he thought in his mind that he came to the Capital, would it be a big mistake he made? This was the first time Sheilor saw the snow in life, he didn’t feel the pure and noble of it, just felt the frigidity of it, this was all because he didn’t prepare for it well enough, and it was really a tragedy.


Chapter 46
The winter airport

Sheilor narrowed his eyes to look at the snowflakes falling down from the sky, thought that these drifting profusely and disorderly ice crystals were really beautiful, this was the first time he saw the real snow, he seemed to forget the thin clothes on his body, and also didn’t pay attention to those traveling together passengers around him, they cast the sympathy eyes on him. Wearing the unlined dress, standing in the blizzard on the square, it looked really poor, all those passengers thought that Sheilor must put the thick clothes in the suitcase by mistake, they couldn’t help shaking their heads and said nothing, but sympathy to sympathy, no one brought too much clothes with, and no one would take off the clothes and put it on Sheilor.
The wintry Capital, the wind was also bigger and bigger, Sheilor felt like that  he was cutting by several knives on the face, suddenly awaked from the snow scene in  front of  his eyes, felt the cold on his body, he shrank his body, turned the backpack over and held it in the arms, barely had some warm. He turned his body around, avoided the headwind, narrowed his eyes and looked at the far away entrance of the aviation airport, he felt somewhat strange why the air-land connection airship didn’t fly directly to those terminals, but stopped in the blizzard instead.
The Antique Bell still stayed in the space outside of the Capital Planet, the traveling by it West Forest officials and the return visit officials of the East Forest, would step on the journey again right away, at this time landing on the planet surface, basically were the officials having the official business. Sheilor didn’t have the experience, those traveling by the Antique Bell spacecraft passengers were all the top people, they discussed about the current odd situation.
“Just now the medical car of the army hospital has already gone, the ship was carrying the wounded? How come I didn’t hear about it? didn’t we come from the East Forest Region? What was happening?” A middle-aged official wrinkled his eyebrows and asked his companion.
Behind his back Sheilor heard the words, he narrowed his eyes further more, hid a bit to the back of the crowd unattractively, through the gaps between the crowd, watched several covered thick snow ambulances disappeared in the distant exit of the aviation airport, faintly thought of, the people on those cars must be the West Forest soldiers who once had caught him, those soldiers were affected by that strange light beam, had been healing their wounds in the Antique Bell spacecraft, it looked like that the Fourth Military Region didn’t dare to take the risk to let them to go back to the West Forest for the treatment, but sent them directly to the Capital where the medical treatment level was the most developed.
Thought of that wearing sunglasses colonel Lake was just right in the ambulance, thought of in these many days, he had been staying in the place not far from that colonel and those wounded mecha soldiers, Sheilor suddenly had the fear after the event in his heart, his face, that colonel Lake had already seen, if two of them really met in the ship, what should he do? In the severe-cold weather, Sheilor had the sweat all over his back, he knew that he was really not circumspect enough. Fortunately he might not have any relation with the people of West Forest that side any more, once he arrived on the capital planet, the fat captain and Mr. secretary shouldn’t find him easily, only Little Watermelon… Well, originally they were not the same level people, no longer seeing each other, perhaps it’s better.
In the process while Sheilor was thinking wildly, the battery shuttle of the aviation airport finally came to the front of many passengers, the thing welcoming the airport side of course would be the loud complaints and the threat of complaint. however the working staffs of the airport side just apologized with the excellent attitude, but wouldn’t explain what really happened earlier.
“The ambulance was saving lives, we can understand, but why that group of passengers could drive directly to the terminal? Why can they go to the front of us?”
The working staffs of the airport just smiled and comforted them a few words. Sheilor looked over the direction along the passengers’ hands, just saw a silver-white plane to stop slowly in front of the private terminal in the distance, he narrowed his eyes, seemed to see a holding doll little girl who was stepping down the airship in many people’s escort. The smile piled on Sheilor’s face, he said to himself in a low voice, “Little Watermelon, you need to have your meal nicely in the future.”
…………
…………
It’s warm like spring in the battery shuttle, the been complaining officials and passengers finally shut their mouth up, the long space travel had already let everyone feel some tired, it was silent inside the shuttle. This kind of silence had been held to the X-ray checking tunnel, and was broken after they walked inside the building of the aviation airport.
The crowd dispersed like the birds and animals, according to the coming up trip and the baggage shipping space, dispersed into several routes, and disappeared in the magnificent building space.
Obviously Sheilor was shocked by the interior structure and architectural style of the airport, he didn’t know what kind of finishing materials were those floating beautiful metal shine materials, he just felt that it’s beautiful subconsciously. This aviation airport was too big, the interior space had ten story building high, there were no girders to bear the weight in the middle, he also didn’t know how they built it up. He this life basically was living in that broken city of the West River state, where he had seen the scene such like this, even he passed by the airport when he went to the garrison command next by the Fudge state, but the military airport looked just like some ice-cold cement.
Flapped the snow off his body, put the backpack back to his back seriously, Sheilor was like a just went into the town bumpkin, no, he was a just went into the town bumpkin originally. He walked to the front of a flight attendant with some hesitation and shy, mustered up his courage and asked, and inquired about the relevant matters. That wearing sky-blue uniform flight attendant had the good looking face, very politely and patiently, answered his those fussy questions clearly.
Sheilor said thank you very sincerely, found a relatively peace and quiet tunnel and was ready to leave. The flight attendant looked at this youngster, couldn’t help smiling up slightly, this outlander was very interesting, looked like that it’s the first time for him to travel by the spaceship, but just asked the problems so carefully, didn’t let go any detail, perhaps before he came here, he had already checked a lot of travel must-knows on the network.
…………
…………
Looked at this all made of metal tunnel, Sheilor’s steps became slow down, felt some pins and needles on his scalp. He had already known it clearly at this time, behind this about five meters long tunnel had all the federal electronic monitors hid, every passenger needed to be scanned over here.
This was a very normal thing, otherwise those born without chip empire people or the refugee of the Bermuda could sneak into the Federation at any moment? Sheilor swallowed a saliva, lowered his head slightly, but the eyes looked at the not far away exit, knew in his heart that the monitoring force over here was the most powerful in the Federation, if he could pass here, that meant the chip which his boss gave him, could let him to live in the whole federal society with the disguise identity, but what if when he was walking through the tunnel, was found the anomaly by the federal monitoring?
Whether there would be more than twenty stun guns to stick out from the wall, roasted him into a roast chicken? Sheilor couldn’t help to have a shiver, this scene made the distant crowd feel some weird, because no federal citizen seemed to care about this monitoring tunnel, most of the time, people seemed to have already forgotten the existence of the electronic monitoring.
“It looks like that this boy was really frozen miserably just now, get a wind coat ready for him.” A pleasant voice said.
Sheilor just had his steps slowed for a moment, a moment later, he raised his head, tried his best to walk calmly to the no one tunnel, only the changes in his pocket felt his nervousness and shiver, but he didn’t show anything on his face. It’s not too long or too short for five meters, but when Sheilor walked through this tunnel, his legs were all somewhat feeble, he had a kind of walking from hell to heaven joy and a kind of released happiness after the nervousness.
…………
…………
But his relaxed ecstasy didn’t last very long, because he found that all the people waiting outside of the tunnel were gazing at him with a kind of strange eyes, Sheilor wrinkled his eyebrows slightly, thought in his heart that the electronic monitoring didn’t find any problem, could it be that he had some strange place on his body? He touched his face subconsciously, and kept walking forward. Then he found out why there were so many people welcoming him with the strange eyes, that was because outside of this quiet tunnel, a group of people were waiting for him.
Besides the up front that young woman and the little girl in the young woman’s hand, this group of people were all the armed to the teeth soldiers, this big formation was just used to welcome a man, and he even was a wearing unlined dress, shrank the body like a bumpkin youngster, no wonder the people in the aviation airport, all cast the strange eyes on him.
Looked at that little girl’s joyful face, Sheilor knew that he couldn’t avoid this thing, he couldn’t slip away quietly any more, he had the bitter face and walked to the front of the crowd, just hoped that there wouldn’t be too horrible development coming up.
“Brother Sheilor.” Little Watermelon was wearing a deep red fur coat, wearing a hat, the brim pressed on her hair, showed the black hair line, and it looked pretty cute.
Sheilor had a smile at her, and then turned to that holding little girl’s hand young woman, said politely, “hello, madam.”
“Sheilor, hello.” This young woman was about thirty years old, the eyes and brows were gentle and agreeable, she had a kind of pleasing beauty when she looked around, but had a flicker of proud expression in her shining occasionally eyes, this kind of proud didn’t make people disgusted, instead it would let people to feel that it’s for granted. What’s called the growing environment impact the mentality, probably it’s said about this kind of people. She looked at Sheilor tenderly and said, “I’m Firework’s mother, thank you very much for taking care of her along the way, Mr. Sheilor.”
Sheilor looked at this beautiful but kind face, had the mind swung slightly, felt subconsciously that this young woman could be trusted very much, he forced to hold the absurd thought to ask her why she would name Little Watermelon such a strange name, and was ready to say a few polite words. But that planet luxury all over young woman handed him a name card with a smile and said, “had the special trip to come here to say thank you, I still need to go back to the army hospital to have the important things to do, I’m very sorry, Mr. Sheilor, if you have any problem in the Federation, hope you don’t mind to contact us, also let us to express the gratitude to you.”
“Thank you, sister.” A curious coincidence, Sheilor looked at the eyes of the young woman, blurted out a very absurd call.
This call made the crowd of soldiers changed the faces, even the warm and peaceful young woman had a flicker of strange color in her eyes, but then changed it into the pity smile, shook her head, let a soldier next to her to hand over a military wind coat, didn’t say anything any more, then led the reluctant to part Little Watermelon, and in the protection of the soldiers, walked to the VIP special tunnel.
Sheilor held the wind coat in one hand, and one hand held that natural fiber name card, was in a daze for a moment. Although he didn’t know all about it, but he still knew that this kind of name card was very expensive. He looked at the young woman’s figure now appearing and now disappearing in the soldiers, couldn’t help to have a wry smile and shook his head, he also felt that his previous nervousness was too excessive. His boss was right, contacted with the opposite sex too little, it surely would be easy to cause problem.
He had already guessed ambiguously the family of Little Watermelon, of course he wouldn’t consider it how rude, which that young woman left after she handed him the name card. In fact, Sheilor didn’t think that those things he did worthy them to come to thank him, with the other side’s status, could come to here to wait and said a few words with him, it’s already very polite, moreover, he knew it clearly, this young woman must be in a hurry to go to the army hospital to visit her husband’s trusted followers and subordinates.
It’s different from those self-confident and self-improvement male leading role in the novel, Sheilor didn’t tear this precious name card and throw it into the dustbin, but put it away next to the skin carefully. Then he brought out he address which his boss left for him, put on the warm wind coat, headed on the bigger and bigger blizzard, and walked out of the airport.
 

Chapter 47
Chung family and the puppy biscuits

A low-key but precious black car, like a black ghost, drove silently on the highway on the suburb of the capital administrative area. Several days in a row low temperature blizzard weather, let the smooth roadway covered with the thick snow, even the micro heat pipelines under the asphalt, also couldn’t let these snow melt a bit faster. 
“How come you come down as well?” The sitting on the back row of the black car that dressed magnificently young woman, held the looking at the outside of the window absented-minded little girl in her arms fondly, looked at the sitting on the other side fat captain, said with a smile, “a captain not staying on his own ship, you are not afraid that the ship would be driven away by some people.”
The young woman this smile, the not compatible with age charming pretty spilled out in the grace, made the atmosphere to get a lot better in the car. The fat captain looked at the young woman, said with a flatter smile, “little sister-in-law, it happened a such big thing to Miss, of course I have to come to apologize to you personally. The spaceship needs the supplement of the provisions anyway, and I would just leave it alone.”
“After all, you want to apologize to me, or you want me to plead to him?” The young woman looked at him with interest and asked.
The fat captain said with a bitter face, “Miss was missing for so long under my nose, after go back to the military region, chief certainly would exercise me. Little sister-in-law must put in some good words for me.”
“Isn’t Firework just fine? How could he blame on you, we all know what a naughty child Firework is, this time let brother Tim to bring her to here, it had troubled you at first.” The young woman smiled mildly, took a look at her daughter in her arms, said in a light tone, “Firework, don’t run about in the future, you are a docile girl, didn’t you know that uncle Tim would worry so much?”
The little girl Firework Chung stubbornly looked at the snow pines sweeping to the back outside of the window, didn’t answer her mother’s question, she thought in her mind, probably besides brother Sheilor, there no other people would trust in her words in this world, even her father and her mother were the same as well, they always didn’t listen to her ideas, always thought that she was just a little girl, and never asked for her opinion, then sent her to this ice and snow damn place to go to the school.
Seemed to guess out what the little girl was thinking about, the young woman had a trace of dullness and sorry on her face, she turned her head around and said to the fat captain, “this girl is just not willing to leave the family, it looks like that there is no other way, I will have to stay in here a few more years to be with her.”
The called Tim fat captain understood the potential meaning of the words right away, he said with a smile, “rest assured, little sister-in-law, I will watch chief there hard.” In a twinkle, his face got heavy and said, “the thing Miss was missing, commander let us to seal off the news, I had already made it clear to that called Sheilor boy, he shouldn’t spill the beans… I just don’t understand, if we don’t send Miss to the Capital here, could it be said that those old senators of the Management Committee dare to do anything?”
The young woman laughed up, “The Federation is not the Empire, where to have the wording hostage, just only because our Chung family have stationed on the West Forest really for too long, the people over the Capital here always can’t  rest assured. Let Firework come to the Federation to study, it is not necessarily what a bad idea, perhaps just want to let the descendent of the Chung family, to have more sense of belonging for the Federation from a child.”
After she finished the words, she suddenly wrinkled her eyebrows slightly and asked, “that called Sheilor little one, whether on earth he knew the identity of Firework or not?”
“That boy looks honest and reliable, but actually he is very smart, I am afraid that he has already guessed it out, just didn’t say it out, perhaps he also know it clearly that it is better for him to pretend not knowing anything.” The fat captain had a shrug on his shoulders, the body fat began to tremble again.
The been staring at the outside of the window Little Watermelon, suddenly turned her head around, looked at the two adults in the car, and said loudly with all her strength, “brother Sheilor is a good person!”
The young woman laughed up, and then said, “of course he is a good person, clearly knew that we are the Chung family people, but he didn’t ask for anything at the end because you like him, he hid far away instead, the key is that the way he hide is very cute as well, not that kind of false argumentative… Firework, mama believe in your eyes seeing people.”
Little Watermelon turned her head away proudly. The young woman looked at the fat captain and said calmly, “since that boy doesn’t want to have any relation with us these people, then just forget about it, I left him a name card of the military region’s Capital office, if he needs anything in the future, we can also give him some helps.”
The fat captain nodded his head, and then said, “the energy quota of the company was cost a half just in one gun shot, I have already filed the report, the key is the energy department of the Management Committee there, the other departments should be easy to work with, I need president you go to talk with the energy department personally.”
The fatty changed the address, that’s because they were talking about the business, the young woman also had her expression serious a bit, the tone was still gentle, “let me handle this thing. But you were really somebody, wasted so much quota just in one time, the result is that it cost the East Forest garrison command a whole formation of special soldiers, the lawsuit would be fought, even Lake them were also wounded by you… When you go back to the military region, you go to explain it for yourself.”
The fat captain had the same color on his face, replied calmly, “Commander shouldn’t give me any trouble in this respect.”
“Well? That treason mechanic should be counted as the worst enemy of our Fourth Military Region, knew about this news, his mood should certainly get much better…” 
The young woman cramped her tips of eyebrows slightly, asked curiously, “but the problem is, that mechanic is really this severe? Even the special mecha squad Lake led couldn’t deal with him, had to get going from the space? Next month we need to let the Ministry of National Defense to come forward to incorporate the Antique Bell, otherwise we can’t explain about this problem.” 
“That mechanic is very fierce.” The fat captain closed his eyes, recalled the coquettish jumping and leaping of that black mecha on the thermograph and satellite picture, after a moment of silence, he opened his eyes and said, “much stronger than me, Lake them were not his rival, federal this mission is not good to be taken over, no wonder the Ministry of National Defense would give up this credit to us.”
The expression got serious on the young woman’s face, she asked, “How about to compare with him?”
The fat captain knew the him in the president’s mouth referred to his boss, the sir commander of the Fourth Military Region, after pondered silently for a moment, he replied objectively, “if it’s on the battlefield, both using the mechas, chief is not his rival… but president rest your heart, that man couldn’t be dead any more, more than ten years ago those more than ten thousand military lives also got the revenge back at last.”
The young woman nodded her head, looked at the wind and snow outside of the window, lowered her head and looked at her already sound sleeping daughter, suddenly said in a low voice, “that… Mechanic how strong is after all?”
“Other people surely don’t know, but I had stayed for a while in the cultivation pavilion of the Lee’s family.” The fatty lowered his voice, said very seriously, “I always feel that mechanic has some kind of relation with the Lee’s family of Philadelphia.”
Heard the Lee’s family of Philadelphia, the young woman also couldn’t help changing her countenance a bit, she knew fatty Tim was the hard-to-find ace of the Fourth Military Region, his eyes were especially sinister, the conclusion he had should have the credible degree in a measure. Pondered over for a moment, she said in a low voice, “since mechanic Fengyu has died, this thing would be stopped over here, also don’t tell commander about it as well. Lee’s family absolutely wouldn’t betray the Federation, let those politicians know about it, surely they would make some noise, we are as the soldiers, of course can’t let old Lee get into trouble.”
As a soldier, in the fat captain’s heart, had the incomparable respect to that named Lee old man as well, he nodded his head seriously to promise.
…………
…………
The seven big families of the Federation, were the privileged class without the privilege, countless years of the history refine, countless great achievements, let these seven families become the pillars of the Federation. In a with the federal law as the cornerstone modern society, this kind of somewhat ancient families, just hid quietly in the shadow, seldom showed their true posture to let the normal populaces to visit. The federal populaces all knew about the seven big families, but they never knew exactly where the strong the seven big families showed in, and what kind of authority and power they own.
With the status and the position of the seven families, of course they wouldn’t go to bully the common federal citizens, between the two of them even probably would never have any relation. For the general public, the seven big families were just like the distant existence over the clouds, existed only in one’s leisure gossip, existed in the illegal vending literature publications, but wouldn’t exist in the life they belonged to.
The six of the seven big families lived on three administrative planets of the Capital Planet Circle, the only one not in the Upper Forest Region was the Chung family of the West Forest.
There was only one Chung family on the West Forest, compared with the other families, the Chung family seemed more clearly in the eyes of the populace. Because from the federal developing period countless years ago, the Fourth Military Region of the Chung family had already undertaken the most marginal defense jobs of the Federation, besides that accidental event on the East Forest Region, the Fourth Military Region never disappointed the expectation of the federal people.
Sheilor fastened the buttons of the wind coat, stood in the wind and snow to wait for the bus, every now and then looked up at the falling snow incessantly sky, and he felt somewhat in a fog in his heart.
He was just a fugitive, who knew that he could see the characters of the legendary Chung family, even had stayed with the miss of the Chung family for such a long time. And he even met the madam of the Chung family in the airport unexpectedly, that was the wife of the commander of the Fourth Military Region… After all, the legendary big shots also didn’t have anything strange, she looked pretty mild.
At this time Sheilor didn’t know, Little Watermelon’s mother was not only the commander wife of the Fourth Military Region, she was even the president of a giant company, otherwise it’s afraid that he would be scared even more. Narrowed his eyes to look at the snow falling down from the sky, the youngster had already had his heart calmed at this time, he just slightly had some regrets, that broken into pieces M02 probably would have been drifting in the space, until someday was thrown into the endless space and became the garbage…
For his first close encounter, for the broken mecha he repaired the first time, grieved for a moment. Sheilor took a look at the bus schedule, thought for a while, he turned his back and walked back into the airport, bought a pack of Upper Forest’s special local product-- the puppy biscuit, then he suddenly revealed the happy smile.
When he was in the East Forest before, he had already known about the puppy biscuit of the Upper Forest, he had already watched that commercial many times on channel 23, but he always hadn’t had the chance to taste it personally, after all, these two administrative regions were too far away from each other, not all the commercial corporations were willing to do this kind of low profit business. The puppy biscuit was very crispy, Sheilor ate it very happily, he thought in his mind, he was really a bumpkin.
Actually all the stuffs in the airport were very expensive, but he didn’t care about this, the spending along the way he was swiping the card, swiped that Three Forests United Bank card which uncle boss left to him. He didn’t know how much money in the card, but seemed like that he could never spend it all.
The bus came, Sheilor got on the bus behind a big suitcase, found his seat difficultly, took off his wind coat and sat down, put the whole pack of puppy biscuit on the food rack by the side, was ready slowly and deliciously to have it all on the road. Suddenly, his fingers touched two cold slender fingers, gave him quite a scared!
Sheilor turned his head around astonished, just saw that a girl wearing a hat was putting her hand into the bag, and was unceremoniously ready to take the biscuit.


Chapter 48
The drama scene of the first meeting

…………
…………
The puppy biscuit is very crispy, no matter how reserved you chewed, it still would send out the crack sounds. The taste of the puppy biscuit is very good, in front of two of them was all that kind of tempting cereal aroma. Sheilor looked agape at the girl next to him, he felt this picture was too ridiculous, why this girl would want to eat his biscuit, and taken it for granted? Subconsciously, after the girl had her fingers left the biscuit bag, Sheilor put his hand inside and took a piece of biscuit immediately and put it into his mouth, seemed like that he was afraid of suffering losses himself.
The girl lowered her head, was reading dedicatedly a magazine, but the occasionally twinkling eyes, let Sheilor know, actually she also paid attention to him. The deep blue hat covered the girl most of the face, only showed her that delicate lips and white facial skin, Sheilor felt stupefied, knew that his glance perhaps would let her embarrassed, so he turned his head around.
In the wind and snow, the warm as spring bus started to move, to Sheilor’s surprise, that girl put her hand into the biscuit bag unexpectedly and began to take the biscuit again, and one piece after one piece. Sheilor liked to eat the puppy biscuit very much, and this was his first time to eat the puppy biscuit, actually he really had some treasure in his heart, although he wouldn’t take a bag of biscuit so heavy, but he still thought, even you wanted to eat my biscuit, whether you should ask the owner first? Asked for his agreement? It’s hard to avoid for him to have a little anger in his heart. 
Obviously this girl didn’t have this kind of self-awareness, didn’t even take a look at Sheilor, just quickly and aboveboard to steal his biscuit, chewed it with the crack sounds, unceremoniously. Besides the stupefied, Sheilor also hurried up to reach out his hand to take the biscuit, otherwise it would be all robbed by this robbing biscuit girl, then what else he could eat? Then would he suffer the big loss? So with the vibration of the bus advancing on the road, the sitting on the back row this pair of young man and woman didn’t look at each other, one looking at the outside of the window, one lowered her head reading the magazine on her laps, you one piece and I one piece to take the biscuit, no one was willing to take one piece less, no one was willing to slow a second, moved such as the wind, put the hands into the bag successively, it looked like that they had the tacit agreement pretty well, but actually who else would know that there were endless homicidal intents hidden under it?
“It’s really rather baffling, if the people she met was not me, this hateful stealing biscuit to eat female thief, must will be scolded harshly.” 
Looking at the snow scene outside of the window, the chewing biscuit Sheilor had a dirty look inaccessibly. With the time past by, the anger he had in his heart earlier had already all disappeared, he was a generous people originally, wouldn’t care about these small things, instead smiled and thought secretly, it’s hard to meet a people same as him who also fondled admiringly for the puppy biscuit, today this bag of biscuit, just took it as sharing. 
Sheilor was not a stingy man, sharing any good things with other people, it’s the thing he’s willing to do, although this wearing hat long hair girl’s behavior was somewhat absurd and strange, but he wouldn’t be ready to bother about it any more, just felt the scene was a bit embarrassing, or rather to say, he worried about that girl would be embarrassed, so he didn’t speak with her, and even his eyes were very attentive, didn’t turn to her that side.
The bus moved forward slowly on the snowy road, turned to the elevated road outside of the suburbs, drove to the general airport on the northeast of the capital. A stretching to inside of the road snow pine scratched the windows of the bus, made some noise, let the sleepy people all woke up. 
The girl next to Sheilor raised her head, showed a limpidity face. Two people looked at the eyes on each other, Sheilor had a smile tenderly, who knew that the girl had a trace of disgusted look in her eyes, lowered her head right away and read the magazine again. After a moment, she felt that was not enough to express her repelling attitude, then she took out a pair of black frame eyeglasses from the purse she carried, put on the bridge of her nose, and cut off Sheilor that puzzled eyes.
The lowered head girl was wearing the black frame eyeglasses, looked really pretty clean and pure, especially looked over from Sheilor this angle. He had a scratch on the head, thought in his mind, a clean and pure girl stole and ate my biscuit, how come still would be so fierce to me? After all, he was a youngster came from the remote area, when he was facing the female, always felt the overcautious, he just had a sigh in the heart, and didn’t say anything as well.
Every time the wearing black frame glasses girl took a piece of biscuit, Sheilor also took a piece of biscuit, no more no less, smiling to take, pleased to eat, although he was a very kind people, but he also didn’t want to suffer too many losses.
Took and took just like this, finally there was only one biscuit in the biscuit bag-- According to previous that kind of silent tacit agreement order, this time it should be Sheilor’s turn to take. Sheilor obviously noticed that the cute nose under the girl’s black frame glasses had a lovely wrinkle, seemed to worry about something. Sheilor opened his mouth and laughed silently, took the last piece of biscuit out from the bag, thought for a moment, broke it into two halves, piled up the kind smile on the face, with some formality, handed one half to the front of the girl.
The girl looked up, with some surprised and some angry to give him a stare, then like a kitten robbed the food, grabbed the biscuit and swallowed it down, but nearly got chocked. Sheilor was chewing the last half biscuit while he was looked at her innocently, thought in his mind, why so hurry? Could it be the hunger made her so? At first he wanted to hand his water to her to drink, but then worried that maybe this strange temper girl would dislike him to do so.
Fortunately, the brake sound broke this same like performing puppet show scene.
…………
………… 
“Didn’t even say a thank you, he is really a shameless loser!” Charming towed the heavy baggage, lowered her head weakly, walked to the airport counter. Had seven days of spaceship trip from the S2 administrative region to here, and then would connect to the university town immediately, the wear-out of the journey, originally had already let her almost couldn’t bear, and her heart was pressed on with that heavy stone, it happened that she met an extremely don’t-know-how, and extremely hateful and shameful young man.
“He looks pretty well, smiles honestly like a pig, but who knows that he is an ungrateful guy in his heart indeed, ate my biscuit, still like giving aims to me… Small eyes, really none of them is  the good thing.” Charming put the heavy baggage on the transfer belt, couldn’t help complaining in a low voice.
Went into the waiting hall, Charming took off the black frame glasses and wiped it up carefully, seemed to want to release her anger with the help of this movement, she never thought of this before, there would be a man such like that, stole brazenly and ate her puppy biscuit which was her favorite since childhood.
Her destination of this trip was the university town, the university town was on the north latitude area of the S1 administrative planet of the Capital Planet Circle, the flight still needed half more hour, she paid attention to the crowd around, forced herself to calm down, carried the carryon purse and walked into the bathroom, pressed on the toilet conveniently. In the gurgle water flushing sound, she pressed on the button on the black frame glasses, the was empty glass surface, suddenly appeared several lines of characters, these information via the all over the whole planet wireless network, in the shortest time, appeared in her eyes.
Remembered all those words and the task, Charming breathed out a sigh of relief slightly, seemed to relax a lot. The senator was still negotiating with the President Office, now the situation was relatively gentle, the Charter Bureau had to remain neutral because of the reason of the First Charter, they these lower working staffs didn’t need to worry about that they would be found out the real identity. Even the Federation found out that she was the spy sent from the anti-government aspect, at most she would be just sent back to S2. But what on earth the university town has? Why the senator wanted her to come back to the Capital planet? Could it be said that the senator knew that she somewhat missed her family?
Once she thought of her that full of old and decayed smell family, the expression of Charming got suppressed again, in order to finish the task which the organization handed over, it looked like that she had to play the finding her way back home lamb, and this was really a painful thing.
…………
…………
Sat in the comfortable seat, Charming cleared up the hair dropping down by the side of the black frame glasses, reached her hand into the purse subconsciously, but found some strange feeling on the fingers, she pulled open the purse astonished, surprised to find a bag of still unsealed puppy biscuit in it!
If this bag of biscuit belonged to her, then earlier on the bus that bag of biscuit? She ate other people’s biscuit? She blamed him wrongly, but he still had been sharing the things belonged to him with her quietly…
Charming stood up, looked around for the figure of that small eyes boy, tried to have an apology to him. But the capital airport had too many flights, how possible could that boy show up on this plane? She sat down with some not knowing why, shook her head with some regrets, knew that she had blamed that boy wrongly, the more important thing was, she thought of the warm smile of that boy at this time, the handed over half piece of biscuit, besides the thick embarrassment, she even had some warmth that she couldn’t tell it out, she hadn’t felt this kind of warmth for a long, long time.
This world was too big, maybe she wouldn’t see that having amiable smile boy again, couldn’t have any way to apologize to him any more, Charming thought with the incomparable regret, she felt that she had missed some very precious thing in her heart, and the empty feeling made her very uncomfortable.
She just didn’t know, just right at the front of this plane, in the luxury first class cabin, Sheilor was restlessly adjusting the position of the comfortable sofa chair, cautiously and carefully asking the airline stewardess, “are you sure that I can have the free beefsteak? The semi-synthesis that kind?”
“Yes.” The airline stewardess nearly couldn’t hold back her laugh, looked at this honesty boy.
Sheilor breathed out a sigh of relief, then he felt the expensive fare had some worthwhile, although he was a fugitive, he should be low key a bit, a just finished the military service batman shouldn’t have the money to fly the first class, but when he bought the ticket, he really couldn’t resist the temptation of the semi-synthesis beefsteak, and the money in that card was really a bit too much, the young temperament still let him to take the risk to buy a ticket for the first class. He looked at the squat half way in front of him airline stewardess, and said with concern, “you don’t need to always squat down, you will feel tired.”
The airline stewardess began to feel happy inside out, she presented a free enchanting smile as the gift. Sheilor was shined by the beautiful light to feel flustered, he asked with the tremble voice in a hurry, “excuse me… How long it will take to go to the university town?”


Chapter 49
As the porter in the Pear Garden 

…………
…………
Had to admit that, the structured the fundamental of the federal society Committee of Five in those years, really had the descendents couldn’t reach wisdom and foresight, those shining civilization brilliance characters and the continued perfection society structure, all proved this point. The three administrative planets of the Capital Planet Circle have graceful environment and four distinct seasons, just put the university town on the north latitude area from ages ago, it also embodied the care and thought of the federal ancestors. Probably the about seventy days a year severe cold weather, could only let the federal youth, in the rich and peaceful environment, still feel the cruelty of the nature and the hardship of the living life.
The university town actually was not a town, but the campuses of the universities built sporadically on the plains along both sides of the Rose river. Most universities of the Capital administrative planet were set up over here, in the wake of the developed degree of the federal society increased day by day, the educational level also increased day by day. The area of every academy was getting bigger and bigger, in the period of Constitution Calendar thirty-four, they linked together gradually, became a huge community, the federal people chronically called this big area as the university town. 
Just now the Federation seemed to long forget the great aspiration why the federal ancestors set up the academies over here, the central heating in the building was twenty four hours supply, the air-conditioning system kept the air which people breathed absolutely fresh, Once in the winter, the students would hole up in the building and not go out, they would face the crystal screen everyday to wear down the tiresome time, how could they experience the so-called cruelty of the nature?
On the southeast area of the university town, there was a not so eye-catching but very beautiful secondary academy, it’s called Pear Garden University. In the back of the dormitory of this academy, the road led to the federal living quarters, had an even more not eye-catching grey bungalow, very awkward to poke on the backdoor of the Pear Garden University, let the whole garden snowflakes as pear flowers scenery to become as stiff as a poker. 
Just a little bungalow far away from the main buildings of the academy like this, still could enjoy the central heating, it’s warm as spring in the room, the didn’t spread on anti-frost liquid windows were full with the delighting mist. A palm wiped away the wet mist from the window, through the window looking at the snow frost on the pear trees in the garden, Sheilor smiled cheerily, he thought in his heart that this was really a good place, in a severe-cold winter such like this, it’s still this beautiful, where had he seen the scenery such like this in East Forest? The sky of hometown was always dusky, made people depressed, how could it have the whiter than the pear flower snowflake?
He had come to the Pear Garden university more than ten days, this was all according to the suggestion which his boss Fengyu left on the light screen before he died, and after all, he was a fugitive who had the disguise chip installed in the body, of course he wouldn’t be willing to really according to the information on the chip, go to the retired arrangement office of the Ministry of National Defense to look for a job, he just simply came to here by himself, submitted to the university an application and some strange recommendations which were in the backpack originally, then he was very easy to have the present job.  
Originally he still felt very surprised, why the job was that easy to find, but then he found out later, after all, this job besides to watch the back door of the Pearl Garden University, just needed to have the response to clean up the road within ten meters, called it by a good name of logistics department member, but actually he was just a porter. He belonged to the most-derived of the society without any doubt, the salary was really low to be somewhat poor… But fortunately there was still a lot of money in that Three Forest United Bank card, Sheilor also came to the Upper Forest not for the money, he didn’t even have the strong will of not content to be below others, he was very pleased to accept this job, and had this small grey bungalow only belonged to him.
If for the general federal citizens, no matter how beautiful the snow scenery of the Pear Garden University was, had watched more than ten days of all white in succession, they would be tired of it. But Sheilor was not the same, he never saw the snow in his this life, the more than ten days of watching the snow, was just only having a little addiction. Now the time period was still the winter vacation time, there were just a few students staying in the whole university, so his job had still not started formally yet, everyday besides cleaned up the snow, he didn’t have anything else to do, and it’s very leisure.
Through the light screen computer which the logistics department originally set up over the gate house here, Sheilor would also got on the net everyday when he was free, viewed the information of the Peal Garden University all over once carefully, then he knew that this seemed not eye-catching academy, besides those academies directly subordinate to the Ministry of National Defense, was one of the most prominent universities, in the three systems of the auto mobile armor and the standard repair of the battleship device aspect. Of course, the three military academies directly subordinate to the Ministry of National Defense and the West Forest military school were all impossible in the university town, and they were also not the places where Sheilor could sneak in at will, so if Sheilor wanted to fulfill his own interest, the not-eye-catching Pear Garden would be his best choice. He then understood, in his boss’s arrangement, he still thought about his ideal, so his mood couldn’t help but getting warm same as the air in the room.
When he just came to the university town, Sheilor tried to apply an auditor certificate, after all, he still had a lot of money in the card now, it should be good enough to pay for the sponsor fee, but unfortunately, the school responsible for the auditing freshman affair principal and the director of the dean office were same as the students, all went back to every big cities of the capital planet to have the vacation. 
And the thing made Sheilor felt pity was, the library of the Pear Garden University, also because of the reason updating the system and vacation, closed the door in these days, then he basically couldn’t get into contact with the knowledge, the most interested he was in M series mecha structure and repair aspect; and also didn’t have any way to look for the archaic books and records, to find out whether it had any words about that share of magical tremble power in his body.
In these more than ten cold wind and cold snow days, the had nothing to do Sheilor, besides watched channel 23 every night and surfed the net to search for the interested machine maintenance knowledge, most of the surplus time, he would stay in the warm bedding, closed his eyes to feel the fine changes of that share of tremble in his body, and tried to do it like what he thought on the Antique Bell, hid this kind of making people feel dizzy tremble… 
The blizzard was big outside, he hadn’t practiced that set of ten posture movements for days, he also worried that he would be seen by other people, but the tremble in his muscle was getting proficient along with he slept in the bedding day by day in fact, and actually somewhat he had the feeling that it would come out along with his mind.
This night, along with that kind of familiar sore and pain in the deepest place of the body muscle and joints, Sheilor sank into the deep sleep in the accompany of the blizzard whistle sound, in the dream, he seemed to see an all purple hair lovely girl married him as his wife, and he became the chief mechanic in a big company in the Capital, he could fix all kind of interesting things every day, and he faintly heard some big shot announced on the TV, an inside story at the back about the big explosion was exposed… Many pleasing things, the sleeping soundly Sheilor had the corners of his mouth floating the sweet smile, he laughed to make his body to tremble up, this kind of tremble didn’t stop for a long time, until the muscle under his skin began to tremble slightly, it seemed that every time it trembled a bit, his body would get stronger a bit.
…………
…………
It’s a bright and beautiful day in the spring, the colorful flags fluttered, in the S1 Administrative Region of the Upper Forest, the blizzard and the severe cold on the Capital planet always came fast, and went away even faster. It was just only the February, the snow on the Rose riverside had already melted totally, got into the flowing to the south clean river water, couldn’t find a trace any more, only left a stretch of boundless green field and verdant spring forest to people, and the many among the grassland and the woods academy buildings were very harmonious with the environment.
Today was the day of school opens, countless students came back to the university town by all kinds of vehicles, the been quiet for two months campus became lively once again, from now and then, some cars drove into the quiet Pear Garden University, more young female students walked in together, a share of yearning youth breath rippled in the campus accompanied with their coming. Because too many students went to the federal living quarters to go shopping, so the been somewhat deserted backdoor was also getting lively, the chirping sounds kept sounding, even it covered the male students’ voice criticizing fervently the government by the fountain.
Suddenly, a talk came from the campus door, and then the talk was buzzing up, stopped abruptly, the young people of the school were attracted the attention by something, stopped the footsteps subconsciously, cast the complicated eyes to the door there. By the fountain those several affected deeply by the Colin socialist male students, also stopped spurting their wholehearted warm blood, walked to this side, but didn’t get close to the backdoor, and looked over there with a kind of strange eyes.
A having shoulder-length hair, wearing a black frame glasses female student, holding a pile of books, in the gaze of countless eyes, calmly but a bit chillily walked into the campus from the backdoor of the Pear Garden University. The eyes surrounding contained too many emotions, pity, sympathy, disgust, despise, envy, jealous…
The students of the Pear garden University recognized easily who this girl was, because she was the person of the year among the freshmen of the Pear Garden University a year ago, or to say the rebel people-- Charming, the came from a good family Charming, after she went into the university, began to come into contact with the Colin socialist, surprised everyone, this girl resolutely gave up her good life, gave up her study, went to the far away S2 Administrative Region, devoted to the New Jersey state where it had the most powerful anti-government force, began to shout for those people living in the bottom of the society, and participated in the demonstrations time after time.   
What did Charming do after she left the Pear Garden University, her schoolmates didn’t know any specific situations, but they knew that rumor was real in the first place, this once shocked countless people girl, really was tired of the so-called righteous romance, forsake the darkness for the light, returned to the arms of the Federation again… 
The embarrassing silence was at the backdoor of the Pear Garden University, no one came up to say hello to this wearing black frame glasses girl, no welcome, only the faint hostility and those complex eyes. That’s right, when she left this campus one year ago, she should have known that she didn’t have the possibility to come back.
-- If said that her former ideal was childish and ignorant, but for the common and comfortable life, then easily gave up the so-called ideal, then why did she leave at the beginning? Why came back again after she left? Was it ludicrous? This was probably the thought in most students’ hearts, they were quietly and full of the pressure to look at Charming. But Charming didn’t have any uneasiness, had her face upward slightly, and walked to her dormitory building.
Just right at this time, those several advocated Colin socialist by the fountain male students, stopped her way suddenly, and said angrily, “you betrayed your ideal?”
“My ideal is to live well exactly.” Charming had a push on the black frame glasses, didn’t care this several people, walked brush past them. The students all around looked at Charming’s figure with that sort of strange but taunt look, the had speech male student stared blankly for a moment, and then spitted a saliva behind her back in disgust,
“This schoolmate, please wipe these stain off.” A wearing red armband youngster walked to the side of this male student, handed him a rag, and said seriously, “and according to the regulations, I will suggest the students’ affair department deduct you three credits.”
That boy student asked with great anger, “who are you?”
The youngster had a pull on the red armband, and replied, “I am a porter.”


Charter 50
We are the people all have stories

…………
…………
Around the corner of the road outside the backdoor of the Pear Garden University, stopped a all black aviation car, the car body seemed very dignified, on the window film reflected the beautiful daylight, and covered everything inside of the car. Inside of this all black aviation car, there were no seats very strangely, but piled up with all kind of electronic instruments and… A camp bed. The more wonderful thing was, several wearing grey uniform working staffs were watching the electronic instruments warily, but on that camp bed, a languid young man was lying. This young man was about twenty four or five years old, had a HD earphones plugged in his ears, didn’t know what contents he was monitoring, just from his narrowed eyes, always let people feel that he had already fallen into sleep.
But if Sheilor saw the habit of this young man, he would surely think of that same always seemed languid in any circumstance uncle boss, in this kind of tensioned and busy working environment, still could keep the state such like this, if it’s not a bit pessimistic, then it must be taking everything easy.
A working staff took off that young man’s headset, said with a wry smile, “boss, even you don’t feel like the monitoring, but could you not listen to the music with the public thing? Otherwise let the director know about it, you would get the scold again.”
The young man opened his eyes and had a yawn, the beautiful face had some exhaustion after the hangover, said in mumbling, “such a good thing, it’s a pity not to use it to listen to the music.” And then, he took a look at the small screens of the electronic instruments, felt bored to ask, “what’s wrong? Nothing happened to that warm blood female youth?”
“There is nothing happened. There are many young people coming back from S2, why the bureau would ask us to keep an eye on her?” The working staff shrugged his shoulders, pointed at the direction of the Pear Garden University and asked, “a girl student, how big a problem she could have?”
“Charming, came back carelessly just like this, if she didn’t have any problem, then I would be an idiot.” The young man had another yawn again. His name was Shielding, graduated from the First Military Academy, now he was working in the FBI, the working staffs in this all black aviation car, all were his subordinates. He looked at the direction of the backdoor of the Pear Garden University foolishly, seemed casually to say, “a realized her error and mend her way back lamb? … Both her parents are the civil servants of the federal government, if there is really no problem, this little lamb should cry to run into her parents’ arms in the Capital airport, but shouldn’t come back to the university town alone by the connecting-flight, ran painstakingly for more than ten days, then regained her status as a student.”
“Why didn’t she meet with her parents? Still rebellious, still not yet grow up, how could she be a broken head poor girl?” Shielding had some taunt flashed on his beautiful face, “although the bureau has bunch of useless craps, but it’s not a big problem to choose this one to monitor on.”
With his speaking voice, the front and back two rows total six people in the black aviation car all stopped their works in hands, listened to their boss’s analysis, nodded their heads with agreement, one of them looked at Shielding and said with a laughter, “boss, of course we know you are not an idiot.”
Shielding of course was not an idiot, graduated from the First Military Academy with the highest score, the first year when he entered the FBI, had already uncovered several spy cases successfully, his ability was obvious to all of the people, if he could walk steadily along with this route, all the people in the FBI considered, thus the youngest deputy bureau chief in history would be generated. But nobody could think of this, the fall of such a bright young talent would be so this quick-- A wallowed in the spirit and among women all day FBI officer, and it meant that he gave up his own future.
“Don’t drink so much alcohol any more, what’s the difference of those women after you turn off the light? Do you need to change a new one every day?” One of Shielding’s subordinates said with headache, “don’t always displease the superior, otherwise you would have been promoted long time ago, then we could also have some advantages behind you.” 
“Don’t have the nonsense with your boss me, which one following me didn’t have the promotion till now? Your boss I just too lazy to move, the university town is quit good, there are a lot of beauties over here… Especially a lot of the young beauties…” Shielding pattered his thin lips, and had his eyes blurred and reveled in something, “the young and fresh flesh breath surround me, how would I be willing to part with them.”
He climbed up from the camp bed, rubbed his that forgot to wash in the morning face, said unclearly, “what better career is all bullshit, I’m very anxious to be transferred to the Charter Bureau, that group of damn guys, just need to serve on one computer every day, don’t need to do anything else, it’s really a fucking good place for retirement.”
Even though the words said like this, but he still needed to do the jobs what he supposed to do, even if it’s just the surface work. Shielding had the look to pick up the monitor headset and put it to his ears to listen for a while, everything was as usual at the beginning, but his facial expression became splendid gradually, at last, he couldn’t help laughing up loudly.
“Porter? He can really make me laugh… Didn’t he know that the student he asked to wipe off the saliva, is the son of a senator?” Shielding laughed and laughed, slapped on his lap and said, “this little porter is really interesting, really interesting, now in this fucking society, it’s hard to see a such earnest people.”
“Hush, boss, could you lower your voice a bit?” One of the staff stared angrily at the unselfconscious Shielding, lowered his voice and roared, “we are in the monitoring state! Not in the theater!”
“Oh, that’s right.” Shielding had his mind back, had a “He He” smile, pulled open the car door with a “Hua” sound, walked down of the car and said, “at least we will need to monitor in the Pear Garden University for a term, it’s too boring, I will go to take a look at that funny little porter.”
The exposed in the sun FBI clerks looked at each other in speechless despair, they really couldn’t have any way to deal with this crazy and absurd boss. Looked at their young boss that walking posture in the sunlight, it’s lazy as if no bone and shape like a little rogue, the clerks couldn’t help covering their eyes embarrassedly, one of them said murmuring, “violated the rules again… But you say, how come boss he will be such like a little rogue?”
“Boss grew up in the countryside, his father is a farmer.”
“Really? This is really a rare occupation, but, what is the relation with boss like a rogue then?”
“Haven’t George Colin said it once? That the root cause of the rascal is  because of the injustice distribution of the wealth.”
…………
…………
At the backdoor of the Pear Garden university, didn’t turn up the class struggle between the wealthy student and the poor porter. That advocating Colin socialist boy student left with the overflowing wrath, Sheilor also didn’t pull him back, forced him to kneel down to wipe the saliva off-- If he really did like that, Sheilor would also have the doubt about his own intelligence. Just according to the school regulations, he wrote a note about today’s thing, through the computer sent it to the private letter box of the students’ affairs department, and then pulled out the water hose, rinsed the sidewalk which he had swiped clean in the morning once again.
Earlier he would come out, that’s because he found that the boy student seemed to have the meaning to keep tangling with that girl student, so he just thought of a way to stop it a bit. If not for seeing that pair of black frame glasses, Sheilor still really couldn’t think of that the girl student was that person who stole his biscuit on the bus. 
Sheilor didn’t know it clearly what was Colin socialist, and he also wouldn’t care about the negotiation game between the government and the anti-government, he just felt that these many students gazed coldly at a girl student, that girl student seemed to be too lonely, the thing even more let him to feel some uncomfortable was, that boy student would actually stopped the way of that girl student.
Of course, the most important thing was, he knew that girl… Although perhaps that girl didn’t remember him, and although that girl wasn’t very nice to him at that time.
After cleaned up the road, Sheilor carried a chair, sat by the side of the gate, carried out his work trustily, narrowed his eyes in the warm sun, listened to the monitoring device by his side, which time to time had the “Dee Dee” sound of the chip passed the checking, comfortably seemed to almost fall into sleep. Actually in his mind, he was still thinking about when he could have his auditor certificate after all, when he could go into the library, and when he could go to visit those laboratory rooms?
As a FBI official, of course Shielding didn’t really want to make acquaintance with this not so eye-catching little porter, but he had just spent yesterday whole night with that blonde beauty, and drunken a lot of alcohol, his spirit was really too exhausted, he didn’t sleep comfortable enough in the camp bed on the aviation car, so he just simply got off the car and took a walk. He bought a pack of cigarettes in the convenience store next to the school gate, lit up one cigarette to smoke, walked to the side of the road and squat down, had a glance at that young porter with the residual light very casually.
Just this glance, Shielding had his eye pupils shrunk slightly, didn’t move his eyes for a long time. He stood up, walked to the sitting on the chair Sheilor, silenced for a moment and then said with a smile, “I’m really admire you this job, you can have the sunbath frankly and righteously every day.”
Sheilor looked up somewhat accidentally, he didn’t think of, in this unfamiliar planet, in this unfamiliar place, actually would have somebody to talk to the not eye-catching him initiatively. He looked up, just saw the whole street green trees, whole sky clear light, a handsome looking, wearing the black formal but all rumpled clothes young man was smiling to look at him.
“Well… Maybe it’s quite comfortable.” Sheilor didn’t know how to answer this question, narrowed his eyes, kept the sunlight off, and said carefully.
“Do you want one?” Shielding handed him an extra long filter cigarette with smile. Sheilor wanted to refuse at first, but he suddenly thought of uncle boss that never left his hand cigarette, had a touch in his heart suddenly, took it over, moved close to the lighter and lit it up, and then he said a thank you.
Separated by the big iron gate of the Pear Garden university, two people smoked the cigarettes with somewhat not knowing the taste. Just in the full sky sunlight, seemed to have infinity secrets. Shielding threw the cigarette butt to the ground and stubbed it out, stirred a bit on his messy hair with his fingers, suddenly stared at Sheilor and opened his mouth to say, “sitting on the chair, but the body is hung in the air, the horse stance can be developed like your this way, you are really diligent.”
                               

Chapter 51   
Friend

…………
…………
Sheilor had a surprise in his heart, but he didn’t have any change on his face. He didn’t thought of, the eyes of this man would be this sharp, that he could see clearly his weird sitting unexpectedly.
He was not a professional agent or spy, not even could be counted as a professional fugitive, he was only an ordinary young people who had some talents in some aspects, because of some kind of reason, he was forced to step on the road to go into exile and hiding. 
After he left the East Forest Region, he had been reminding himself, he should be a little bit more low-key, a little bit more not eye-catching. But after all, he didn’t have any professional training, he would always have some problems on some improper places. Fortunately he had the help of the disguise chip, he didn’t need to worry about his own safety in the federal society too much. After he got though the scan of the aviation airport, he had full of the confidence in his heart. He knew that once nobody found out the relation between uncle boss and himself, then nobody would have any doubt on him.
But today was only the first day of the university opens, then he had already been found his oddball by a passerby, and Sheilor was ashamed to have the impulse to face the wall.
Actually Sheilor still underestimated himself, and overvalued all the passersby of the Federation-- In the federal society, there were not that many people such like Shielding. He had the finishing observation class in the First Military Academy, and then had three whole years of the spy training, of course he would develop the totally different eyes.
“Don’t litter the cigarette butt.” Sheilor had a bit of panic in his heart, but his voice didn’t have any quiver, he said seriously to Shielding.
Shielding had a smile, picked up the cigarette butt, he had the strong interest in this little porter, he felt that the other party had some kind of wonderful feeling in the body, it’s very similar to the one of his own, and it seemed that each parties all kept a huge secret in the heart. Shielding didn’t want to let other people to know about his own secret, so he didn’t want to explore anybody’s secret either, anyway, the other party didn’t have any relation with him.
“Not that many people are still going to the cultivation pavilion now of these days, you should be still very young, I didn’t expect that you would like these things.” Shielding looked at Sheilor, had a yawn, reclined on the iron gate, and said lazily.
Sheilor could not answer him any question, but first it would be too strange that way, he didn’t know what was this wearing wrinkled suit man doing for; secondly his that pair of not so big eyes, always had the differentiating capability very well. In his eyes, this wearing wrinkled suit man had the boredom and fatigue full on his eyebrows, but he didn’t have any malevolence.
“I haven’t been to the cultivation pavilion yet.” Sheilor shook his head and said, “horse stance, what kind of thing is it?”
“Oh, the horse stance is like the posture you just had, which doesn’t have the bottom touching the ground, but your that way is much more difficult than the normal horse stance. Don’t be curious about why I know this much, you should know that I have also muddled along in the cultivation pavilion for a long time in those years.” Shielding laughed up, and then reached out one of his hand, gave a nod as a signal, “Shielding, government staff.”
And then he emphasized his tone and said, “watching the gate for the government could be counted as staff, right?”
Sheilor stared blankly for a moment, he also laughed up, reached out his hand and shook with the other party, and then introduced himself, “Sheilor, school staff… If watching the gate could be counted as a serious job.”
The hands of these two people held together through the fence of the gate, loosened after a moment. Shielding raised his eyebrows a bit and said, “it’s a little bit like visiting a friend in a prison.”
“It looks like that I’m the one who is locked in the jail.”
“Why it’s not me? I have to go now, I’ll come back to talk with you if I have a chance.” Shielding looked at that female silhouette walking over from not far away, nodded at Sheilor slightly, the left hand clipped the extinguished cigarette butt, and left the school gate. 
Closed up the heavy car door, Shielding sat on the camp bed, stared at that going to get through the school gate female student on the screen, pointed at that somewhat fuzzy face because of the pixel reason with his index finger, opened his mouth and said, “watch close on her, I don’t care why this called Charming girl would come back, and also don’t care what she really want to get from the Pear Garden University, all you need to do is to block around her, cut off the links between her and all the doubtful points.”
“Not fishing?” One of the crew member asked curiously, “if this female student really has some problems, this will be a good chance.”
“I don’t have the interest in that.” Shielding tidied up his that crumpled suit, lowered his head and said, “you must get close to her to go fishing, then you can guarantee that you will not miss any clues, but the problem is that we this group of people, besides me, all have this vicissitude look, how can you go to disguise yourself as a student?”
“How about disguise as a teacher?” Another team member put in an idea.
Shielding looked up and gave him a pity look, said, “if you think that your knowledge reservation is good enough to let you not to be booed down from the platform… Then you can give it a try.”
The time-sharing monitoring and social relation combing work of the group, the commands were sent out one by one orderly, the routine work of the FBI then came to the end, there were only Shielding and one of his subordinates two people left in the black aviation car, he suddenly lowered his voice and said, “check this man for me, his name is called Sheilor.”
“Well? Need to put on the records?”
“No, it’s just my personal interest.”
“Personal interest? If it’s not put on the records, I don’t have any way to access the security classification, I estimate that I couldn’t find anything interesting.” This crew member obviously thought that it must be a woman who he was going to check.
Sheilor didn’t know at this time, the just met him wearing wrinkled suit man had already began to investigate on him secretly, he just calmly looked at that female student walking past in front of him, had some hope in his mind that she would turn around to take a look at him. But very unfortunately, the wearing black frame glasses Charming seemed to have something weighing on her mind, lowered her head and held the books to walk out of the school gate, and didn’t notice his existence.
…………
…………
The night was getting dark gradually, the Coastal state field service office building of the FBI was still brightly lit, and the busy staffs walked across in the building.
The Coastal state was one big state of the Capital Planet Circle’s S1 Administrative Region, especially after the university town was put under the jurisdiction of the Coastal state, the territorial scope of the Coastal state and the workload of the public officials were all greatly increased.
The fourth section of the office was responsible for preventing the infiltration work of the anti-government aspect, now the situation of the Federation was stable, the anti-government troops had already abandoned the policy of the force fight, under the pressure of the Empire, they were negotiating with the government for the cooperation and running in election officially, on the contrary, the fourth section became the most leisure department of the FBI.
The most leisure official Shielding of the most leisure department, didn’t do as what his colleagues imagined that way at this time, hanging out in every nightclubs dawdling over the beauties and drinking the spirits, but was sitting in his own office, and stared blankly at the light screen in front of him.
Shielding didn’t really want to explore the secret of that little porter, but he just wanted to get close to that youngster subconsciously, but he also had some secrets in his heart that he didn’t want to be touched by other people, so he must found out that knew to squat the horse stance porter, whether he have any background after all.
The investigation result which he arranged his subordinate to do came out very quickly, it’s a very clean file, a just retired mine repair soldier, came back to the Capital, engaged himself in an old stuff job, and this looked like no any abnormality.
“After all, he was a rat squat in the mine, and a very clean field rat.” Shielding looked at the screen with a smile, “what a pity, can’t get more information about this called Sheilor boy, but… How come he would come the same way to the university town with Charming this coincidently? This is really an obvious leak, and he seems to be not the counterpart, just only an interesting guy.”
All the information about the federal citizens since they were born, were all stored in the vast federal computer monitoring network, through the chips behind their napes, could get the most comprehensive information. But the First Charter of the Federation protected  every citizen’s personal privacy with the strictest degree, unless issued the application by related department, these belonged to the citizens personal privacy was forbidden to be known by any aspects.
In these countless years, the spirit of the First Charter had already enjoyed the popular support, Shielding also didn’t feel surprised. He also didn’t continue to investigate the relationships around Sheilor, his that pretty but tired face suddenly showed out a bit of sadness. After a moment of silence, he threw all the information about Sheilor into the file processor, believed in a very long time, there would be no more people to have the investigation on Sheilor.
“I finally found a white paper to draw the picture on, shit, been alone for so long, I should also find a playmate, right?”
Shielding said something that even he wouldn’t believe himself as well, inserted the car remote key into the standard interface of the computer, a not so eye-catching small program began to lurk in the internal network, according to Sheilor this filtration word, from this moment on, if the field service office of the FBI wanted to investigate that little porter, that wouldn’t hide the truth from him.
…………
…………
In the sunlight, Sheilor held the alloy spherical casting, out of breath to walk down from the high steps, while he was walking, he was complaining that professor had the discrimination against the guest student, every time after the casting class was over, he would always ask him to be responsible for returning the course wares.
It had already been three months since he came to the Pear Garden University, after he contributed a sum of sponsorship fee, he finally got the guest student card of the university. The university didn’t mind at all that they would have this seemed to have some savings retired soldier as a member of the classroom. The Federation put five hours workday into practice, Sheilor was lazy to look for another house in the Coastal state, so he just kept pursuing porter this very futureless job. 
Everyday besides studied systematically the machine maintenance knowledge he had the interest in hungrily and thirstily, he didn’t have too many things else to do, just needed to have a sleep in the gate house at the night. As for the other several responsible for watching the gate half-old men, he also didn’t have too many contacts…
All in all, he seemed to go back to that kind of simple but fulfilling life in the East Forest Region, the only different thing was, the present Sheilor lacked a lay in the sofa lazily by his side boss. Oh, he was wrong, there was one more different thing, that was the same lazily government official who was in front of him now.
“Why do you… Come here again?” Sheilor looked at that stood under the teaching building steps, could dress the next to skin famous and precious suit to a kind of wretched feeling guy, he had his mind confused, and nearly dropped the casting on his own feet.


Chapter 52
No matter what life would be (1)

…………
…………
To this in front of him, having the parted on the right side, liked to smoke Three-Seven brand long filter cigarette pretty man, Sheilor always felt somewhat rather baffling in his heart. Just had a chat when he was having the sunbath, the result was in these several months, this man would often come to see him, bought him the drinks, chatted with him… But, he was not a man who looked like a woman, the other party seemed to have this charm more. Sheilor really couldn’t understand the persistence of the other party. But the very wonderful thing was, he seemed to not resist this kind of contact with this official, maybe… Because the other party had that kind of world-weary emotion in that kind of sluggish smell same as some parting people?
Sheilor embraced the casting and walked past by his side, lowered his voice and begged to say, “I have vomited for a long time last night, please give me a break, my capacity for liquor is really poor, I really can’t withstand it.”
“Put down this damn thing and then talk.” Shielding looked at him with a smile, the pretty and meek face floated the light in the sun, “we don’t drink today, I will bring you to find a woman.” he said.
“Woman?” Sheilor opened his mouth widely, couldn’t get his reaction back for a long time.
“Childe Shielding? Are we so familiar to this degree?” Sheilor looked at him helplessly, Childe Shielding was the name Shielding called himself, this young government official seemed to be very looking forward to that evil Empire feudal society all the time.
“Twenty times drinking together in two months, that shouldn’t be very familiar? Besides the stone, anything couldn’t get familiar with in this world?”
“Well, I was in the army in the East Forest, the federal people always think that the East Forest people are stones.”
“Even the stone still need a friend.” 
“Friend is just such a simple thing like this?”
“Of course, pleasing to the eyes, comfortable to get along with would be friends.”
Sheilor seemed to have the same feeling, nodded his head with a smile. Shielding stirred away the side-bang on his forehead with his fingers very seriously, said to him, “I would feel bored when I was alone by myself, I saw you besides working part-time, then will be going to the classes and doing the experiences, having the bread in the library, you are even more bored than I do, I really couldn’t watch it like this, so I decided to let you to see what the real life suppose to look like.”
“The real life is the woman?”
“No.” Shielding swung his that slightly oily hair, and said seriously, “it’s beauty.”
…………
…………
In the most bustling street of the Coastal state, the door of the biggest nightclub Thirteen was shut closely. But inside of the former Constitution Calendar style iron gate, the rhythm kept changing blurred music resounded through over, inside of the broad place, the glaring spotlights and the dusky environment mixed together not contradictorily. The amber liquid in the glass released the sweat bouquet on the table, mixed together with the ubiquitous tempting perfume smell in the whole night club, that created a charming environment.
“We just drank at the taverns before, I thought that you are a very simple veteran, didn’t think of, you are very familiar with this kind of debauchery place after all.” Shielding lowered his head and looked at the drink in the glass in front of him up and down, seemed to try to figure out the dim light through the drink, would refract how many colors.
Sheilor was looking at those wearing hot-pants, showing white legs to dance on the bar counter girls at this time, tried to open his that pair of narrow eyes as wide as possible a bit, in the preoccupation, he didn’t hear Shielding’s words clearly at first, stared blankly for a moment and then turned his body around, looked at Shielding and said, “familiar with?”
Shielding’s black hair dangled on the table in front of him, said lifelessly, “an eighteen years old retired dogface, in the most expensive night club of the Coastal state, still sits this stably, also didn’t have the nose blood running while looking at those beautiful girls, if you said that you never come to the similar place before, I wouldn’t believe that shit.”
“It’s not long ago I just passed my legal drinking age.” Sheilor sat straight on the couch, and said with a smile. Of course he wouldn’t be unfamiliar with night club this kind of thing, although he seldom went inside, but he had been running around in the society with Levi that group of orphans from a child, although it’s in the remote East Forest, but he also grew up with the ruthlessness. His that sincere and simple face, although really reflected his some parts of thinking ways, but it also covered the orphan’s born with calm and solid, the clear-cut action way, and those could let people became calmer hardship experiences more successfully.
“You look a little bit older than your actual age.” Shielding raised the glass in his hand, motioned to a lady on the table not far away, but his eyes came back on Sheilor’s face, and silenced for a moment. He had already drunk with Sheilor for twenty three times, it seemed like that this little porter would get drunk at last every time, but the problem was, no matter how the other party got drunk, he would not mention anything about his past in the drunk words. This small detail let the sensitive Shielding to perceive the abnormality, he didn’t ask the other party, and just waited patiently for the day when the riddle was uncovered.
A federal young official, a studying in the university as a guest student little porter, should be the people in two different worlds, but Shielding just wanted to make friends with the other party, on the one hand, because he was really bored; on the other hand, because he had some kind of intimate feeling to Sheilor. And Sheilor dared to become his friend, this fact let Shielding to think highly of Sheilor once again. He had already found that he underestimated Sheilor at the very beginning, the other party although really was a white paper, but the white was very obstinate, if he wanted it to be painted by the extrinsic colors, the difficulty was not little.
“I know that you have your secret.” Shielding got down his upper body lazily once again, and looked at Sheilor’s face through the wine glass, “I never believe that you have a what uncle presented you a large sum of money, good enough to let you to get on the first class cabin sumptuously… But rest assured, you are not a government official, and no one would have the interest to check on you.”
“Don’t you have the interest in me?” Sheilor looked at him, silenced for a moment and opened his mouth to say, “if you didn’t have to ask me these things in the first place, maybe I wouldn’t deal with you, after all, you and me are the people from two different worlds.”
“I don’t know which world you came from, to be precise, I even don’t know which world I came from.” Shielding took a look at him in taunt, drank up the liquor in the glass in one mouth, then said, “I just feel that you are pleasing to my eyes. Oh, right, you will pay for today’s bill, this month’s bonus is still not handed out yet, you this little rich man should bear the burden a bit somehow.”
Sheilor looked at the label of the wine bottle on the table carefully, through this period of drinking life, he finally could tell the price of this bottle of wine, although it’s a little bit expensive, but it’s still not which he couldn’t afford, the money his boss left to him, just let him well spend for him, it seemed that he didn’t have any place else to need money to spend on over the university there. 
He was ready to say something, suddenly saw on a table not far away, a group of young men and women were drinking a tube of blue liquid, and it looked as if it tasted very well.
“What’s that? Whether we should order a tube of that or not?” Sheilor asked.
“The new drug, Sky Blue.” Shielding looked at him in taunt, “do you really want to give it a try?”
Sheilor shook his head, thought in his heart that the Capital planet was really a bustling and terrible place, even people dared to have the drugs in broad daylight, he couldn’t help to heave a sigh. Just right at this time, another fragrant wind burst came over, threw into Shielding’s arms. He couldn’t help to heave a sigh again, thought in his mind that he was still really the bumpkin came from the remote underdeveloped area, and he still couldn’t adapt to this kind of occasion well enough.
Shielding was very handsome or rather should say very beautiful, although he didn’t wash his hair frequently, but that pair of with some deep charming eyes, always released the electricity ceaselessly. In the dim light of the night club, the sparking and charming in his eyes got blurred gradually again, didn’t know how many women were attracted to fall into his arms. In the drinking time of these days, Sheilor had already seen many waitresses looked at Childe Shielding with the plaintive eyes, he even saw the scene that a girl threw herself into his arms many times tonight.
But Sheilor could tell that Shielding was not happy, if he was really happy, he wouldn’t probably find him out to drink. Shielding said that he was lonely, how would this literary word come out from the mouth of a government official? Although he said that he was watching the gate for the government, but who would believe that? But since Shielding didn’t asked closely about his past, then he also wouldn’t ask closely the background of Shielding.
Had already left the East Forest for a long time, there were no any problems for the disguise chip in his body, Sheilor had already faced all the things in life naturally, rather than taking himself as a fugitive forever, living naturally, keeping some of the past, this was very good. If he treated every people and thing he was going to meet in life with the alert and doubtful eyes, what meaning of this kind of life itself would have?
The night was getting deep gradually, Shielding was drunk because of the night, beauties and friend, he said something ambiguously, fell down into the couch and slept deeply.
The drank more than half bottle liquor Sheilor, didn’t have the drunk feeling, instead, he became somewhat excited slightly because of the alcohol. He was somewhat unwilling to part his eyes from those cool beauties, called the waitress over, paid the bill on the card machine which was held respectfully in her hands, held Shielding up and walked to the outside of the night club.
This time was the most lively time of the night club, only because Shielding and Sheilor drank too fast, so they left earlier than other people as well. It’s not so easy for holding the heavy body Sheilor to seek the way out in the dim light, he didn’t know that he had already bumped into how many people, and said how many times sorry. He knew that in the effect of the alcohol, in countless eyes of the opposite sex, a small friction could cause a great trouble.
It’s not so easy to walk to the door of the nightclub, the blowing on the face fresh wind let Sheilor refreshed, but then he smelt the blowing fragrant wind and had the danger feeling. He looked up, saw three famous and precious cars parked in front of the nightclub, about seven or eight people walked down from the cars, and walked to the nightclub. The several people walking by the side were all in black suits, even figure and indifferent face, they seemed to be the kind of bodyguards.
The walking in the middle two men and a woman dressed to the nines, the temperament was cold but reserved. That woman was dressing in red short wind coat, the graceful face had the pride and unkindness on. The two men by her side, one was dressing in the blue green formal wear, another one was dressing in the student uniform arrogantly. The only similar thing was that these several people both eyes looked straight to the forward, walked with the wind, and the eyes didn’t have any skewing.
They were not the simple people, not walked on the common road, Sheilor didn’t want to block the road of this kind of arrogant characters, so he pulled the drunk Shielding to the side of the corridor in a hurry. But… Unfortunately, when that having pretty face but made people stay far away red dressing beauty walked by the side of them, Shielding seemed to smell the perfume from her body, he opened his that pair of blurred eyes and woke up, had a whistle at them, and said in ambiguity, “beauty, you sprayed too much DVC on…”
The other side heard the words, all the steps stopped at the same time. The leading that man turned his back around and looked at the side of the corridor with a smile on his face, seemed to make sure who have the guts to molest his younger sister, and a very shallow callous meaning was hid in the gentle smile.


Chapter 53
No matter what life would be(2)

DVC was a kind of perfume, a very expensive perfume that kind, produced in the Bali area of the S3 planet’s north continent, the yearly production was very rare, if you were not the highly status or highly rich people, you were impossible to come into contact with this kind of luxury. Shielding had been wandering in the women these years, no matter the shop clerks of the convenient store, or those lonely and tiresome married young women, and those cold appearance able women, he all wanted to lift that layer of curtain and went in to have a visit. 
The man could reach to this level, of course wouldn’t be strange for the women’s products. And he also really had the ONS with several high class women, so even he was so drunk to have the unsound mind right now, he still could call the DVC name out right away, and criticized extremely dissatisfied that the red dressing lady sprayed too much on. 
The women who could use the luxury of course wouldn’t be the simple women, for them, all the exterior things on their bodies which represented the money and status were not important, the key was taste. Using the DVC was not important, the key was to use it well, you said that she sprayed the DVC on too much, it’s kind of like saying she was burned the paper money to light the cigarette that kind of no taste. In the eyes of the women this level, to be criticized that she didn’t have taste, it’s the most couldn’t be accepted thing, so the fire burned up abruptly in that pair of graceful but cold eyes.
Looked at that group of walking with wind people suddenly stopped their steps because of Shielding’s drunk words, especially that leading man had a flicker of callous smile on his face, Sheilor had his heart jumped up not surprised. 
Just had a glance far away in the corridor of the nightclub earlier, he had already known that these people would be not that simple, he was afraid of provoking the other party, it looked like that they would be brushing past each other, but it still really had some troubles… Sheilor didn’t know what DVC was, also didn’t know how much those parked in front of the nightclub black cars cost, but this didn’t stop him to tell the other party’s status and the unhappiness right now. He had a flicker of wry smile on his face, turned his face around and took a look at Shielding, and thought in his mind that whether this guy did this on purpose?
It looked like that Shielding didn’t do it intentionally, because he had fell into the drunk sleep sweetly on Sheilor’s shoulder at this time, the fumes of wine were all over his body, the eyelids didn’t have a blink at all. Sheilor heaved a sigh in his heart secretly, spoke to those people sincerely, “I’m very sorry, my friend drank too much, what he said are all the nonsense.”
Sheilor looked very unremarkable, only his that pair of knifelike straight brows could be counted as somewhat characteristic, but the very wonderful thing was, his that pair often narrowed eyes always could reveal the trusting look, the tone he spoke was even pure-hearted to the extreme, it’s very easy to let people to have a good impression on him. Probably because of this reason, on the Antique Bell that runaway from home little girl, would choose to believe in the strange him without any hesitation, didn’t know today whether his pure-heartedness and honest could have any effect or not.
The man obviously the core of that group of people narrowed his eyes slightly, he looked at Sheilor and paused for a moment, laughed up suddenly, on his body, the blue green formal wear was like a willow leaf in the severe winter and as sharp as a knife in the darkness. The blue green formal wear man didn’t say anything, had a pat on the shoulder of the dressing in red woman next to him, motioned her to follow him to go in. By the side of that two people, that dressing in student uniform young man, had the strange expression on his face, took a look deeply at the holding drunk man Sheilor.
No wonder that uniform was somewhat familiar, after all it’s the uniform of the Pear Garden University.
Just this look let Sheilor to recognize the other party, this dared to wear the student uniform to go into the nightclub arrogant young man, was exactly that male student who had the small conflict with him at the backdoor two months ago. Sheilor had stayed in the university for several months, after all, he was just the porter and the guest student identity, didn’t have too many exchanges with those formal students, but he also knew it clearly, this male student’s father was the state senator of the Coastal state, also should be said born in the bigwigs family… But what was the meaning of the other party’s last glance? It seemed like a warning, or was it a reminding?
Sheilor didn’t think it deeply about the eyes of that student, just thought of the state senator’s son, even would just be the lackey of that couple of man and woman, it seemed like that these people were really the big shots, who couldn’t be provoked. Looked at the blue green formal wear man and the red wind coat woman walked into the nightclub, he breathed out a sigh of relief, and thought in his mind that he didn’t cause any troubles at last.
He had been growing up in the Bell Tower Street with those orphans, believed in the life philosophy of you respect me and I’ll be nice to you, always thought that Shielding said something wrong when drunk to offend the other party earlier, he had already let down his own figure, apologized to the opposite side sincerely, the other side should have the anger off, wouldn’t have any subsequent development any more. But on top of that, he then understood what was the reminding meaning in that wearing student uniform young man’s eyes, then he understood himself really a bumpkin came from the remote area, was naïve to believe incredibly, these characters would be sent off this easily.
“Throw that drunkard into the toilet to let him sober up, feed him two piles of shit to wash his mouth, his mouth is even smellier than the toilet.”
The dressing in the red short wind coat woman walked to the inside of the nightclub, threw down the words icily, the wind at the entrance of the nightclub lifted the downswing of her wind coat up, showed her that pair of straight and flexible legs, pleased to the eyes to the extreme, but the words she said were callous to the extreme.
Heard the words, Sheilor stared blankly to stay put, and he thought that he heard something wrong. He couldn’t understand that it was just only a sentence, the other party would revenge with the humiliation such like this, and he had already apologized… The most important thing was, he could tell that the callous words of that red dress woman were not kidding, and the other party’s tone had the irresistible attitude in the insipidness.
Sheilor’s heart was like fell into the icehouse, he then just knew that the attitude to treat each other between the different classes was totally different. Facing the mighty of the other party, the at the very bottom him should feel angry, he was also really angry, but the more was a kind of helpless sadness. He looked at the back of that red dress woman, said with the last bit hope, “I apologize to you for him.”
“In this world, there are some people never accept the apology. Lady-boy even knows a few bottles of perfumes, after all, he would still be a lady-boy. The drunkard said something wrong, then he should pay for the price. Little friend, if you want to leave safely, then don’t talk too much.” The red dress woman’s slender legs appeared and disappeared under the lower hem, she didn’t turn her body around, and walked to the far deep of the nightclub. The lady-boy who she talked about, of course was the beautiful Childe Shielding, and seemed to tell from her words, this having deep-seated background woman, could have no any ill feeling to Sheilor.
This sentence seemed to mean something, the dressing blue green formal wear man showed his tender affection to pat on her shoulder, didn’t put the thing behind in his heart, it looked like that this kind of thing was the common occurrence to these people. Only the state senator’s son behind them turned around, gave Sheilor a pitiful eyes, he thought in his mind, it seemed like that the mood of miss Youzhi was very melancholy lately, although he had the sympathy for the little porter of the university, but he didn’t have the courage to open his mouth to beg for him, because he knew that this couple brother and sister always were the people standing by their words.
At the end of the corridor, the backstage boss of the nightclub had already been waiting reverently for the coming of this group of people with a group of people. The blue green formal wear man had the expression changed in his eyes slightly, looked at the front and said to his younger sister by his side, “don’t play this trifling matter too much in the future, if you are really angry, you shouldn’t use this kind of way. I know you are in the bad mood recently. But you must know it clearly, he always don’t like your little temper. If his family didn’t let him to come out to steel himself in those years, just right to stay in the same school with us, if not by coincidence we knew about his identity, maybe we don’t have the chance to know him.”
The dressing in red lady wrinkled her slender brows slightly, “known for these many years, he still avoid me like avoiding the fly, I couldn’t swallow down this breath.” she said.
The blue green formal wear man had his brows wrinkled slightly, lowered his voice and reprimanded seriously, “don’t forget his identity. He doesn’t disdain to avoid you, if he doesn’t want to see you, then you don’t think about to get close to him in this life.”
In the talking, this couple of brother and sister had already forgotten all the things over the other end of the corridor, in their eyes, since those not eye-catching small potatoes let them not have the good mood, of course they should pay for the price, to let their mood be on good terms as before. Since they had already issued the order, of course there would be somebody to handle this thing appropriately, and that drunkard had to eat some shit, no one bite less.
In the VIP entrance, this group of people met with the backstage boss together. Facing the very courtesy welcome of this backstage boss, the blue green formal wear man seemed to have his expression more gentle a bit, because he knew that his family seemed very strong, but the foundation actually was not very solid, and the military sub area was thousands of miles away, the influence to the Coastal state was not as strong as what they imagined. Now they were in the Coastal state, all the things still needed to be more carefully, not to be arrogant over the top, although the other party was only a nightclub boss, but he could have a force like this nearby the university town, he shouldn’t be a simple character neither.
Of course, the so-called careful in his heart, not including those two people in front of the nightclub gate.
After a few words, the blue green formal wear man suddenly had a frown on his eyebrows, because he found that the nightclub boss in front of him seemed to be somewhat absent-minded, his eyes kept sweeping past over his shoulders and looked over to the outside.
The nightclub boss noticed the change of his expression, had a “Ge Deng” sound in his heart, he was afraid that he would be not glad, so he asked calmly as far as possible, “that big guy outside is your two’s subordinate?”
The blue green formal wear man had a frown on his eyebrows, felt the strange slightly in his heart, he knew that the one the other party talked about was Hook, Hook was doing that thing according to his sister’s order at this time. Hook was they brother and sister two people’s playmate since childhood, later became their nominal personal bodyguard, he had been hustling in the First Military Academy for three years, the actual strength was amazing, and he didn’t think of that Hook went to do such a small thing, it would be any problem at all.
The group of people turned their bodies around, looked at the outside of the nightclub. The brother and sister two people had their faces frozen slightly, and then back to normal right away. But that brother had his eye pupils narrowed a bit not-so-perceived, he was somewhat shocked, in the nightclub this kind of place, Hook ran into a good hand unexpectedly.
On the open space outside of the gate, Sheilor was holding the drunk and passed out Shielding, stared at the big guy in front of him alertly, some blood streamed out from the corners of his mouth, but that big guy on the other side was not well neither, he had a very deep footprint left on his chest and was coughing ceaselessly.
…………
…………


Chapter 54
No matter what life would be(3)

…………
…………
When that couple of brother and sister left without turning their heads back, only left the callous and despise back figures. Sheilor had already got rid of the previous anxiety, on the contrary, became calmly a lot. There were too many unfair things in this world originally, those born with the silver spoon people seemed to be born to never put other people’s life and pride in their eyes. Since it’s like that, he wouldn’t apologize any more and earnestly request anything any more, he had done what he supposed to do, he wouldn’t be in the wrong any more.
But what should he do next? Looked at the walking toward him that big guy, Sheilor had his both heels off the ground, stood on his tiptoes quietly, that was exactly the lower body movement which uncle taught him.
At this time, Sheilor didn’t know clearly that gave him a lot of pressure big guy was called Hook, he didn’t even know that the other party was a fierce character steeled himself out from the First Military Academy. But he could tell the severity of the opponent, because the big guy was actually not that strong, only the skeleton was very big, those hidden under the black suit muscles were not so tough-- In this world, knowing about the muscle and the strength, not many people knew it better than Sheilor did, he could tell just in one glance that the big guy’s skeleton was very strong, the muscles under the clothes should be strips but not thick and solid, to sum it up, this big guy should be a born melee ace.
The most important thing was, Sheilor still had the hesitation in his heart at this time, he had been holding that fugitive shadow in his heart, although it was getting lighter in the sunlight of the Pear Garden University little by little, but facing today’s situation, that still couldn’t help to let him to think about it for a couple times.
The big guy walked to the front of him, and said with a deep voice, “get out of the way.”
Sheilor had his nose wings twitched slightly, suddenly sniffed out the opponent’s soldier identity. Probably only the soldiers, could reveal such ruthless feeling, just like the same as that fat captain on the Antique Bell. Of course, the big guy in front of him couldn’t give him the pressure as big as that fat captain gave him, but he still was a very severe character.
The age of that couple of brother and sister were not that big, it looked like that their parents might be the big shots of some military region. Besides the Fourth Military Region, there were three military regions stationed on the Capital Planet Circle, no matter which capable character of any military region, would be the character which Sheilor could only look up at. Had the conflict with this kind of character, would they investigate him afterwards, to dig out his fugitive background?
While Sheilor was still thinking, the now was the logistics department security manager of the Second Military Region Hook had already stepped a foot forward, came to the front of him, had his hand to grasp to the neck of Shielding who was in the arms of Sheilor. The mission he received was to bring this drunkard lady-boy to the toilet to eat shit, besides this, he didn’t have any other thoughts.
The sudden attack interrupted Sheilor’s thinking, he was holding Shielding in his arms right then, the empty left hand lifted up like a lightning subconsciously, just right toped against Hook’s wrist. Hook’s arm was as hard as a stone, but the wrist was hit against suddenly, still couldn’t help to have a tingle, he lowered his elbow and hit it down subconsciously. Sheilor didn’t have time to think, still relied on the instinct of the body, stepped a foot forward, held against the knee which his opponent intended to put forward.
Hook broke out the force abruptly, continued to lower his elbow, but because of Sheilor that lied across in front forearm, he couldn’t put it into practice, the like a stone arm hit on the left shoulder of the opponent ruthlessly, the point of the elbow swept on Sheilor’s cheek.
At the same time, Sheilor that left leg which earlier still held against the opponent’s knee, suddenly shot up, like a flying rock, and kicked right on the opponent’s chest!
Hook had a stuffy groan, stepped back two meters away, and had the cough repeatedly.
From the first contact of the skins, to separate finally, the engaged in a hand-to-hand fight two people grappled all within a very small range, according the touch of the skin and the instinctive reaction of the muscle to have the action, it had already finished in the lightning speed. The soldier Hook took the opponent somewhat lightly at the beginning, but Sheilor couldn’t put his skill to good use because he was holding Shielding, both sides all had some suffers, and it barely could be counted as a draw.
Hook took a look at the footprint on his chest, had some shocked in his heart, couldn’t figure out the in front of him this looked very ordinary young man, how could his reaction be this quick, the sole raised from the ground to kick on his chest, would be so quick that made people somewhat to have the blurred vision. And the thing made him felt more unaccountable was, such a seemed very thin and weak body, how could it have such strong ability to withstand the strike. Although his that elbow didn’t hit him solidly, but his arm had already hit on his shoulder, and the point of his elbow had swept on his cheek, if it’s for the ordinary people, it was afraid of only one thing that he would have been fainted, even not fainted, he still would feel the incomparable pain.
But the boy standing on the opposite side actually didn’t have any expression on his face, only the skin inside of his mouth had some broken, shed some blood out, didn’t have any sign to fall down. It looked like that the people miss Youzhi wanted to clean up today… Was not the ordinary character. Hook had a flicker of ruthless light flashed in his eyes, pounded a box on his own chest heavily, with the shock of the power, stopped the cough, and then walked to that looked very ordinary young man once again.
Sheilor didn’t know why he would make the moves, and when he made the moves. He thought in his heart with self-mockery, low-key ah low-key, Shielding ah Shielding, shit ah shit.
The other party wanted to make Shielding to eat shit, he could just stand watching this playboy to be dragged into the toilet. Although he and him were just only the mercenary friends, but he still was the first and only friend he had in the foreign land. If Shielding was sober at this time, maybe Sheilor would try to hide himself up, but the problem was that Shielding was drunk to lose his consciousness, when his friend didn’t have the resistance ability, he couldn’t just let his friend to be humiliated by other people.
This was one of Sheilor’s personhood standards, it even surpassed the fear he had in some aspects.
Since he had already made the moves, he wouldn’t care anything else, the current situation was such like this, the life would be such like this too. When he was oppressed to a certain degree, if he still hid away because he worried about the problem of his identity, that wouldn’t be the circumspection, but the famous useless woman because of the Federal Women’s Day. To live without the principle or the pride, for Sheilor, it’s a thing he couldn’t accept easily.
Looking at the getting close to him big guy soldier, Sheilor felt the taste of the danger, he knew that the opponent wouldn’t look down on him again this time, but would launch the attack with all his strength. Just like over the other side of the electric fence, on the green grassland those angry buffalos, when they felt injured or humiliated, then they would burst out the biggest strength.
Sheilor looked at the opponent alertly, loosened the right hand, threw the drunken like mud Shielding on the ground, both feet separated slightly, the heels raised up and stood on the tiptoes once again, and kept the could erupt at any time posture.
Shielding was thrown to the cold and hard marble floor, hit with a stuffy sound, in the pain, he muttered a few words, and went into sleep again incredibly. Sheilor didn’t worry about whether this guy would suffer the pain or not, although the other party was too bastard in today this case, but if Shielding didn’t say that drunk words, it could be nothing ever happened. Sheilor wished that he should just slam this drunkard to dead once and for all.
Hook walked to the front of Sheilor, the clear face-line suddenly had a tight, made a stuffy sound, both arms swept over like two stone pillars!
Sheilor seemed to have the reaction at the same time, both arms turned up, blocked the sweep, but he didn’t think of that the opponent had his arms around, with his enormous strength, brought his body to tread a step forward!
The distance between the two people was compressed to extremely close immediately. The big guy soldier this posture was very ugly, it was as clumsy as a bear hugging people, but actually it reflected this man’s extremely rich grapple skill, he found that Sheilor’s movement was very quick, so he used this clumsy way, let Sheilor not have any way to give play to his speed, if two people were tied together, how could Sheilor raise his feet?
Hook had already been malicious at this time, his left hand grasped the back of Sheilor’s head tightly, lowered his head and smashed over. If he was hit by this head hammer, Sheilor would have his nose bridge broken, the blood would be flowing like crazy. At the same time, he applied the force on his another arm suddenly, forced to push back Sheilor’s defense with his strength, the shoulder had a twist, the point of the elbow hit on Sheilor’s temple once again. Once these two hands came out, if Sheilor couldn’t deal with it properly, he would have the end of broken head, blood running and fainted on the spot.
But the head didn’t hit it solidly, because didn’t know since when Sheilor’s palm had already blocked in front between his own eyebrows, had the five fingers opened widely, like a cotton covered on the face. Although this reached out in a hurry palm couldn’t totally block the opponent’s head hammer, but had the palm as the buffer, Sheilor just felt that he had some pain on the palm, a bit dizziness on the head, but didn’t really get hurt.
Sheilor’s another hand didn’t forcibly block the opponent’s point of the elbow, but smashed down extremely fierce on the opponent’s shown armpit after he twisted the shoulder! The middle finger of his fist bulged out slightly, smashed on the part ruthlessly.
The left leg moved forward again, the distance between the two men was too close, it’s impossible for Sheilor to lift his leg up, he had his body to shrink suddenly, the knee lifted up, hit on the other party this soldier’s crotch down-to-earth, if not for the opponent’s reaction was too quick, sided his body a bit in time, it’s afraid that this knee would hit on that man’s vital part.
…………
…………
The two people separated again, Sheilor had his nape hit by the elbow point, the blood flowed out from his nostrils, his forehead was also slightly red and swollen, but he didn’t have other places to get hurt. And Hook had a jab on the armpit, the crotch was kneed on blackly, the stretched tight muscles had a burst of hard to bear numb and pain, actually he couldn’t somewhat stand still, and had some staggered!
Hook’s eyes were like the hooks, seemed to want to hook all Sheilor’s organs out. Since he graduated from the First Military Academy, how long he hadn’t been injured? This boy standing on the opposite side had no any routines, how could he possible defeat him? 
Sheilor wiped off the blood from his nose with his sleeve, stared at that with amazing strength big guy soldier alertly. Actually his movement had its routine, all were the varieties of that ten postures which uncle boss taught him, maybe because of the reason that he had practiced for too long and became the instinct, or in these several quiet months in the Pear Garden University, the reason that he seldom practiced but digested it all on the contrary, the present him seemingly could put all those ten postures to good use at his will.
Defeat a should be soldier powerful enemy, Sheilor didn’t have any excitement, just watched the movements around alertly. He was unable to knock down Hook, because his strength was still not a quarter as good as his opponent. Of course, if he dared to release that stream of fire-hot tremble power in his body, maybe just needed a bout, he could knock Hook to the ground. The problem was, no matter how he didn’t care what life would be, to protect childe Shielding not to eat shit, when it’s not in the hopeless situation, Sheilor wouldn’t reveal that stream of magical power in his body out. 
“Can fight draw with Hook, you are very good.”
The crowd drew by the fight surrounded Sheilor. The blue green formal wear man looked at Sheilor pretty ruminated, had a flicker of strange color flashed in his eyes, and then this flicker of strange color became the calm disdain, “I am not going to kill you.” he said.                                                


Chapter 55
Make the moves casually(1)

…………
…………
In the Coastal state, in front of the gate of the nightclub Thirteen, a large group of people were gazing at the field with different expressions on the faces, the irrelevant idlers had been all driven off by the working staffs of the nightclub, it wouldn’t affect all the things happened over here.
“You are the people all have status.” Sheilor heard that words clearly, looked at him and said, “why would you have the same insight as we these people?”
This looked ordinary young man at least drew with the personal bodyguard of this couple brother and sister, in this case, the looked like weakness words, of course would have a few more power. That man looked at Sheilor, and said with a smile, “my young sister wants to give that drunkard a lesson, there’s no way to stop her.”
Why the smile of the privileged class would be so hateful and so callous? Sheilor that ordinary face didn’t have too many expressions on, he said, “he is my friend, and this thing you guys did it wrong. Did it wrong, then you shouldn’t continue to do it.”
“East Forest people?” That man recognized Sheilor’s accent, he said, “people always said that the East Forest people is just like the rock of the toilet, smelly and hard, sure enough. But even you are a rock, today I still will crush you.” 
The nightclub boss had been quietly by the side of this man, he said in a soft voice, “major Chad, these two people kill your appetite, there’s no need to let you to make the moves personally, let us send them off.”
Chavis Chad, the present major staff officer of the Third Military Region operations, could have this military rank with his age, seated on this position, of course his family would be extremely powerful. According to the reliable news, the father of this couple brother and sister should be that present deputy director of the Ministry of National Defense logistics department. The nightclub boss had the hint of some rear Coastal state personages, sedulously be friendly with this young major, he put forward the words to provide the help cautiously at this time, still had some worry whether the other party would disrelish him to be meddlesome, because he had little contact with the people of that circle after all.
The nightclub boss had never thought of, that young man in front could confront face to face with the couple brother and sister next to him, so what could you do even if you could fight? It’s all depended on the actual strength in present this society, the actual strength was not the fighting skill.
“Thank you.” Chavis Chad recognized the caution of this nightclub boss, had a gentle smile, pointed at Sheilor’s nose with his finger, he said, “I don’t want to waste too much time, either you get out of the way, I ask this drunkard to eat shit; or you go to eat shit for him.”
“I don’t have the habit to eat shit.” Sheilor wiped the blood which flowed out from the nostrils off, looked at these people surrounded in front of him, finally couldn’t control the wrath in his heart. No matter how weak a small potato was, he couldn’t let the other people to keep bullying on him, he stared at this couple brother and sister, and said in the deep voice, “if you have the habit to eat shit, you can show it to me.”
Heard the words, major Chad had his face clouded. This time they brother and sister two people came to the Coastal state, mainly to see whether they had the chance to arrange an encounter with that important figure, put up the in those years affiliation again. They wanted to be low-key a bit originally, but didn’t think of, today they would meet a tough guy. But they these people always took the average people very mean and worthless, didn’t even say that he always loved his this proud and arrogant sister.
Chavis Chad had his face cloudy suddenly, those like bodyguards people by his side had their face more cloudy, just like the clouds absorbed full of rain in the cloudy sky, pulled the guns out from the pocket, and aimed at Sheilor’s head.
Four guns aimed at Sheilor’s head, might pull the trigger at any time, this scene shocked all the people in the field, especially the entourages of the nightclub aspect, after all, this was the Coastal state of the Capital Planet Circle S1, the scene of pulling the gun in public really brought the people extremely strong shock.
Sheilor looked at those four black gun barrels aimed at his head, of course he would be afraid, because he found out that these damn characters of the Capital planet seemed to really not take the human life seriously, the other party might really dare to shoot. He had his face pale slightly, but the corners of his mouth floated a flicker of wry smile, this was the third time he was pointed at the head by gun barrel in this half year, could it be that his fate doomed to couldn’t escape these tragic things?
“I don’t know who you are, but I said that earlier, you must be the people with status. The Federation is a government by law society, you pull the gun in public, how bad the influence it will be, the elders of your family will allow you to do this?” Sheilor grasped his fists tightly, not dared to make a move, and said to that dressed in blue green formal wear man.
This words hit Chavis Chad’s mind, but this major didn’t want to change his own style. Because in some cases, especially in front of some not so familiar characters, the faces of them these people were the most important thing, the face often represented the strength or power.
Hook went back to the side of the Chad brother and sister, wrinkled his eyebrows to watch this scene in front of him, and rubbed on his painful armpit. 
And on the other side, that student of the Pear Garden University, the childe of the state senator seemed to want to say something, but was scared to shut his mouth up by these guns. At this moment, it seemed like that no one could save Sheilor, or to say, no one could change the fate that Shielding would be going to eat shit.
Youzhi was that dressed in red short wind coat lady, her hair was smoothly hanged down loosely on the shoulders like the wave, but her character was not smooth at all. She looked at the pale face Sheilor, had a flicker of abnormal satisfaction in her heart, this young man had the insistence and agonistic character, she admired it very much, so she preferred to see that an East Forest stone like him showed the fear look at gunpoint.
She looked at Sheilor in disdain, tightened her wind coat a bit, and said in taunt, “what years is it now? Still want to live on the fists? I like you, you get down on your knees and have a kowtow, then I will forget about it, but I will not take this easy on that drunkard.”
When the words came out of her mouth, Hook by her side had his look changed a bit, but he didn’t say anything. Sheilor closed his mouth tightly, narrowed his eyes to look at this couple brother and sister outside of the view of the gunpoint, seemed to want to remember the other party’s faces clearly. Under such circumstances, an ordinary people such like him really couldn’t have any idea, even he could outburst the tremble from his body, but how could he avoid the bullets? The Federation had the strict control on the guns, but who could think of the people by the side of this couple brother and sister would bring the guns on the body incredibly, and also dared to pull the guns in public this arrogant.
“I will not get down on my knees, because I didn’t do anything wrong, and you are not my parents.” Sheilor narrowed his eyes, stared at that controlling everything dressed in blue green formal wear man, he said, “unless you knock me down. Or you also can try to shoot to kill me.”
This was gambling on life, gambled these with status characters, not willing to get into any trouble because of him this kind of small potato. Chavis Chad looked coldly at the still stubborn Sheilor, didn’t know why this man was clearly afraid of death, but still held up tightly, the East Forest stone, so it was really worthy of its reputation!
A fist hit on Sheilor’s abdomen ruthlessly, the pain nearly let him to vomit the things in his stomach. Since needed to knock him down to make him to kneel down, the people by the side of the Chad brother and sister of course wouldn’t be polite, the fists and the feet hit on Sheilor’s body ruthlessly, anyway, in the threat at gunpoint, this with East Forest accent guy also wouldn’t dare to resist. Just in a short time, Sheilor had a lot of wounds on his body, no matter how strong his anti-beating ability was, standing still to be beat like this, also was not an easy thing, he felt the dull pain on the right chest, didn’t know whether the ribs were broken or the skin surface burst open the small cracks.
The dressed in red wind coat Youzhi watched this scene enjoyably, the more ruthless they hit, in her heart that share of couldn’t let out grievance would let off a bit more, her graceful but callous face spread out the happy light gradually.
…………
…………
“I just said that you put on too much perfume, do you need to be so malicious?” A come without being invited hand, put on Miss Chad’s shoulder, very intimate to pat on her face, just seemed to pat a bit too hard, and patted a red mark on her cheek.
Youzhi Chad had a scream, but she didn’t have the reaction to know what was happening. Instead the crowd around, especially the soldiers she and her brother brought with had the marvelously quick reaction, in the first time, the four pointed at Sheilor barrels turned the direction, aimed at her. After the scream, Youzhi shut up right away, turned her face around, and then she saw a so beautiful not like a man’s face .
…………
…………
When these privileged people of the Federation intimidated and beat up Sheilor, no one noticed that pile of on the ground mud, because now the main part of the thing had already shifted. The drank too much alcohol Shielding, now was ice-awaken by the cold ground, or he was ache-awaken by Sheilor that throw earlier, wobbly came to behind the red dress lady, stretched out his hand and put it on her shoulder like a rogue.
There were a lot of bystanders, Youzhi was right at the edge of the crowd, no one thought of that earlier on the ground drunkard, would come to behind her back without any sound, and… Put the hand on her shoulder.
Shielding was holding Youzhi like a lover at this time, intimately and frivolously patted on her face, maybe the alcohol still not all awakened, he spoke somewhat vaguely, “damn, the little bitch has the pretty big temper, even dare to touch my friend incredibly.”
He patted on Youzhi’s face again and again, but landed on all people’s hearts. All the people watched this scene dumbfounded, thought in the heart, what would this beautiful young man regret to look like when he woke up from the drunk?
Youzhi had never been humiliated like this in this life, those heavier and heavier pats were developing to the aspect of slapping on the face gradually, and that holding her tightly man, spoke the words out with the stinky fumes of the wine and got into her ear, her face got red momentarily, didn’t know whether beaten by Shielding or because of anger. She looked at those in front several holding the guns and pointed at her bodyguards, screamed loudly and crazily, “kill him! Kill him!” 
No one dared to make the move, even her elder brother would just also look at this direction coldly, watched that hand fell on his younger sister’s face heavier and heavier. Because they found that this holding Miss Chad tightly drunkard really seemed to have some unsound mind, all his body weight rested on Youzhi that tender and lovely body. The most terrible thing was, in the half open suit of the drunkard, showed a little kit made of leather, everybody was very familiar with, it’s the… Gun case.
Major Chavis Chad’s eyes were extremely cold, looked at that hijacking his sister drunkard and said, “I’m the staff officer Chavis Chad of the Third Military Region operations, not yet consult your name?”


Chapter 56
Make the moves casually(2)

…………
…………
Shielding didn’t deal with that had the green onions in the nostrils guy at all, looked at the walking to him Sheilor with signs of getting drunk and asked, “everything is alright?”
Sheilor shook his head, looked at that familiar but also strange beautiful face, suddenly scolded loudly, “what the fuck you are really drunk or awaked?”
Shielding was really drunk, at least he was like that at first, as to at this time, how much he sobered up, no one knew. But everybody knew, a holding gun in hand drunkard didn’t have too many reasons to speak, those surrounded them people, no one dared to take the risk.
Chavis Chad opened his mouth to ask, but Shielding ignored what he said, this kind of insult and the hand falling on Youzhi’s face mixed together, made all the people’s faces became very unsightly.
“Let her go, otherwise you will regret after you sober up.” Chavis Chad tried to control his own emotion, said gently. Saying this kind of threat actually was bad, but facing a possessing gun drunkard, he really didn’t have any other good way, he had to solve the present situation first, and ensuring the safety of his younger sister was the first element.
“You want me to eat shit? You want my brother to get down on his knees?”
Shielding still ignored him, held the trembling red dress lady with the fumes of wine all over his body, and stopped to pat on her face, vomited the alcohol fumes and said, “you these outlanders really used to run wild, came up to the Coastal state to show off incredibly. I said that you sprayed too much perfume on, you are still dissatisfied… Besides the women on the Thirteenth Avenue would use the DVC like this, who would use it like you this way?”
The Thirteenth Avenue was a street for the famous high-end prostitute apartments in the Capital Region, in the legend, the aides and staffs of the President Office and the officials of the ministries and committees liked to linger over there the most. Shielding this sentence compared Miss Chad to the high-end prostitute, it’s vicious on top of the world. And the wiping bloodstain Sheilor, only noticed that Shielding addressed him from friend to brother, his arms were stiff slightly.
“Tell me your name, bullying a woman always will not be a good thing.” Chavis Chad had his corners of eyes twitched a couple times, still asked gently, “this thing always needed to be solved, otherwise let the public to handle it, I believe that you would suffer more losses.”
“I only know how to bully woman in my this lifetime.” The drunk Shielding was more like a rogue than usual, stretched the neck, turned the eyes, seemed to hear that man start to talk for the first time, and gushed directly over, “what, you bite me?”
Chavis Chad was angry to the extreme, but he smiled instead, gasped in admiration repeatedly, “very good, very good.”
Just right at this time, the been silent Hook suddenly opened his mouth and asked, “are you Shielding?”
…………
…………
“He was one term lower than I was, but he was the person of the year in the First Military Academy in those days, from the principal to the teachers all liked him very much. And he had graduated for these many years, he should muddle along in the Coastal state pretty well. As for which bureau he is in, I don’t know too clearly.” Hook recognized the graduated from the same school Shielding, said by Chavis Chad’s ear in a stuffy voice, “when he was at the school, no one was willing to provoke him, no matter fighting, marksmanship or thought, not a few people would be his opponents. Fortunately this man doesn’t have any background, would be unlikely cause any big troubles.”
Heard the words, Chavis Chad calmed down instead, looked coldly at the behind his younger sister Shielding, had the idea in his heart. A top student of the First Military Academy, no matter how drunk he was, he still would be reasonable, this made his biggest worry no longer existed. 
He looked at Shielding and said with a smile, “let her go, I count to three, if you don’t let her go, my people will open the fire, maybe will not shoot you, maybe will just shoot at your this like a stone friend… Brother? Well, I think the brother in Mr. Shielding’s mouth would not be this cheap, and I trust in your judgment after drunk, you should probably guess what people probably we are, and also should know the ability of we this kind of people. To hurt us, it’s the thing that you wouldn’t dare to do, because you know how terrible that kind of consequence will be.”
After he said the words, saw the flicker of anxiety flashed in Shielding’s blurred eyes, major Chavis Chad knew that he gambled it right, no matter how drunk this drunkard was, at least he still would keep some intellects. 
“I’m the fourth section chief Shielding of the FBI Coastal field service office.” Shielding’s voice was dry because of the alcohol, he stared at that man and said, the hand which stayed by the red dress lady’s face had a work pass in like performing the magic.
Major Chavis Chad smiled happier, that the other party woke up gradually was one of the reasons, the most important thing was that he was just only a small section chief of the FBI, he really didn’t have any reason to back down. He also gave the feedback to the insult he had earlier with disregard at this time, he counted with a smile, “One, two…”
The sobered up Shielding of course wouldn’t dare to pull the gun to shoot this couple brother and sister to death, even he was a FBI official, but facing these privileged children, it was still not good enough. In the present situation, besides to let go of the lady in his arms, it seemed to be no other way. All the people in front of the door of the nightclub Thirteen were waiting for this beautiful young official to surrender… Except the on the other side Sheilor.
Responded to the anticipation of these knowing what to do people was a gunshot! 
This gunshot rang before major Chavis Chad spoke out the last word “Three”. No one found out how the was in the gun case inside of the suit, the police standard gun showed in Shielding’s hand. His holding the gun hand seemed to have some trembles, and in the muzzle, a military bodyguard of the Chad family had already been shot in the leg, and fell down on the ground!
This man opened the fire? All the people couldn’t believe their eyes. Knew clearly the other party were the people who had the very deep background, this small official of the FBI still forestalled to open fire incredibly! And he shot it so determinately, without leaving a ground for retreat, and showed the strand of bullying and arrogance!
The field was in a havoc, the rest three holding the guns military bodyguards had the shake-up on their faces, wanted to shoot back, but were afraid that their Miss would get hurt. Just right in the panic, Shielding held the holding the gun hand back, put it on Youzhi’s shoulder, slanted his head, and looked at major Chavis Chad that turned color face with great interest. 
The Miss of the Chad family had already been frightened not lightly at this time, wouldn’t even dare to speak, and wouldn’t dare to move neither. In the field, only could hear Shielding that dry voice.
“Open fire still need to count the numbers? You think that it’s setting off the fire-crackers in the snow field?” Shielding looked at the major’s face with matchless sarcasm, “I also admire you people pretty much, I had already said, I’m a FBI official, showed you the work pass, you still dare to hold the guns to aim at me incredibly… assaulting the police… If this is not assaulting the police, what it will be?” he said.
The harsh words coming out from his mouth seemed to be endless. There came the sirens of the police car from distance. Major Chavis Chad stared at him in the eyes and said, “you shot the active duty soldier in public, just waiting to be in jail.”
“I don’t see any active duty soldiers.” Shielding had sobered up a lot at this time, he looked at the other party and had a wine hic to say, “you have claimed yourself as the staff officer of the Third… Military Region operations, but you are too… Hic… Pig-head, even didn’t show me the certificate.”
“The cameras over Chance here I can’t get them out for real, but maybe you don’t know it clearly, we field service have installed totally seventeen cameras over here. As long as you can’t put me to death tonight, I will just can pull the record out.”
The federal electronic monitoring network had three levels, the top level Central Charter was responsible for collecting human body chip signals, and the rest of the cameras would belong to different government departments. The Chance who Shielding talked about was the backstage boss of the nightclub Thirteen, he seemed to have the good intention to look at Chavis Chad, actually it was mean to the extreme to remind him.
Chavis Chad’s face was very dark, he didn’t expect that he would encounter such troublesome characters and such insults in the Coastal state. Now the situation had already turned around totally, since the other party dared to open fire, what else he didn’t dare to do? The other party’s determination, cold blood and desperation when he opened the fire, let him know it clearly, this was not a treatable people. He had a deep breath, had a look at the strange night sky of the Coastal state, and then stared at Shielding and said word by word, “I can guarantee you, you… Are… Finished.”
…………
…………
“Finished is the thing for the later on, at least tonight I had a good time!” Shielding slanted his head, found Sheilor’s figure, and shouted loudly, “hey, why do you still stay over there? Hurry up to come over here, we still need to go to the police station to record the verbal confession in a moment.”
Sheilor was much more embarrassing than childe Shielding, the short sleeve shirt had been ripped into wisps, the green and red were all over his face, his body was full of dust, and just exactly like a refugee. He walked close to the direction of Shielding, when he walked past that been constraining the homicidal intent forcedly major, suddenly heard the ruthless and cold voice of the other party rang in his ear.
“And you this East Forest stone, you are also finished.” Major Chavis Chad looked at him coldly, “you have the gun to protect today, wait until I bend that gun first, then I will kill you alive, I want to know who else can come to help you.” he said.
Sheilor didn’t see him at first, just lowered his head to wipe the sweat and blood, and walked to Shielding that side. When he heard this despised and cold threat naked words, suddenly felt that all the bones got pain, seemed the earlier beat to break ribs had the pain to make him very angry, and he became the rushed into city angry bull from a disguised autism bumpkin successfully.
He turned his body around, looked at in front this gentle major, and asked seriously, “there are a few problems, first, now your that crazy younger sister was caught by my brother, you don’t dare to shoot me, because you found out that my brother is crazier than her, right?”
“Second, since you don’t dare to shoot me, then you these people all are no fighting match for me, right?”
“Third, no matter how I cry out to beg you, you still will not let me go, we don’t have the problem about face between us, it doesn’t have the problem of ripping open the face existed, you want to kill me one day, right?”
“Fourth, since you don’t dare to shoot me right now, can’t fight match for me with the fist, also want to kill me by all means in the future, and still threatened me so foolishly, doesn’t that telling me, I must beat you up by taking the advantage of this hard-won chance?”
After he finished these four words, found the absolute reasons Sheilor poked his fist over, poked right on the major Chavis Chad’s nose, poked the other party’s face as wonderful as a cocktail, and the Bloody Mary that kind.


Chapter 57
The night talk in the police station

…………
…………
The temporary detention house of the Coastal state police headquarters, was set up right inside of the police headquarters building, the chip scanning, the electronic card, the internal fingerprint identified, the series safeguard procedures, let this building seemed extremely strict. 
All the have thinking to this building people, once they really walked into the inside of this building, would lose the thinking at the first time. The locked into the temporary detention house people, wanted to escape would even become the wishful thinking. Of course, tonight the two arrested to here young men, definitely didn’t have the thinking to break the prison.
“How come childe Shielding was arrested in here?” A finished house-patrol police threw the electronic keycard on the table, brewed himself a cup of tea, looked at the colleague by his side and asked, the smile on his face was full of gloat. 
Although the police headquarters and the FBI field service office were not the same system, but after all they were under the framework of the government, both sides often had the coordination to solve a case, the FBI famous rogue official Shielding, was also pretty famous in the police station. But these two departments always had the competition and quarreling ingredients faintly, so today the police station locked Shielding in the detention house, these police felt very happy.
“Open fire in public, heard the other party was the big shot with very powerful background.” That policeman heaved a sigh and said, “offend this kind of people, for no matter what reason, it’s afraid that they still will fall on hard time, even the field service office come forward to deal with it, not let him go to the court, but at least he will also need to hand over the gun and leave the office.”
“Exactly that wounded who the director general sent out of the door in an attitude of respect just now? What’s the background?”
“Not so sure, seems came from the Third Military Region.” That police shrugged his shoulders, no matter how they took the FBI people not pleased to the eye, but after all they all belonged to the federal power organizations, saw that Shielding was locked into the prison, they would have some grief and indignation unavoidably, “who would dare to offend those guys? But come to speak of it, it was also strange, although childe Shielding always was like a rogue, and he likes to cause some troubles after drunk, but he wouldn’t be like a grumpy anyway, how would he dare to open fire in the presence of that many people?”
“I heard Harlims talked about this, estimated that he was affected by the temper of his that partner, couldn’t control after drunk.” Another people moved close to them, admired to say, “exactly that one locked with childe Shielding together, looks like an honest young man, but no one think of that his move actually would be so ruthless… Don’t you know? The quick reaction cars of the Third Substation had already been to the scene, childe Shielding pointed at that Miss with the gun, that looks honest young man, actually still beat the other side people a round one by one incredibly, and how malicious he laid his hands on those guys…”
“Still beat people in the presence of the police? It’s really violent.” That police shook his head.
…………
…………

“Drank twenty four times alcohol, I found out that I am influenced by you too much, the words getting more, the temper also getting violent.” In the ice-cold iron railings, Sheilor leaned against the all plastic wall, looked at the ceiling blankly, and heaved a sigh. It’s been four hours since Shielding and him two people were arrested by the police, the grey dawn outside of the window could be seen faintly, but no one came to question and obtain the evidence, all sorts of marks let him have some worry, and his eyes also got some blurred.
Didn’t know whether they gave the special treatment for Shielding’s FBI official identity, in this temporary detention room of the detention house, only they two people were locked up inside. The liquor fumes all over the body Shielding leaned against the narrow single bed, looked at Sheilor that full of anxiety face, couldn’t help laughing up, “I saw you laid your hands on them pretty wickedly, not like an honest small porter at all… But why are you afraid again at this time?”
“I don’t want to waste the chance to beat them up… Anyway, because of you this disaster, we offended the big shot we supposed not to offend.” Sheilor had some bitter on his face, thought secretly in his heart, if he could leave the police station, surely it didn’t mean that he needed to flee again? But he had just settled down in the Pear Garden University, especially here had the knowledge he liked, maybe would contact but still not contacted temporarily things, the important thing was that he had the stable life, if it’s wiped out in a day, that would be really somewhat pity.
Only a few part of the anxiety on his face was concerned about that noble major’s threat, the most part was because his mood was somewhat complex, Sheilor lowered his head to rub on the metal bracelet on his left wrist gently, thought of those chips inside, the mood calmed down gradually, he would change another identity at the worst, the Federation was so big, and where he couldn’t find a place to settle down?
“Don’t worry about anything, trust me, at the latest tomorrow morning, no, should be today eight o’clock, we two people can walk out of the police station in swagger.” Shielding saw the worry in his forehead, smiled and said with his hoarse voice, “don’t listen to that boy bullshit over there. Although the federal government is like a pile of dog-shit, but after all it is not the real dog-shit, it’s the government by law society, all the evidences turn to us, what else they can do? The characters of the Third Military Region want to stretch the hands to the Coastal state, it will be not that convenient anyway. To go the public way, he will worry more than we do, after all, their identities are not the same, the soldiers pulled the guns in the living area, would you think that it’s very good-looking?”
Sheilor didn’t understand the things about the political power very much, he trusted in childe Shielding’s judgment subconsciously, but he was still not so sure, and felt uncertain to ask, “then this thing will end up with nothing definite in this way? I don’t really believe this, what is the last name of that major? What is his background?”
“No matter you believe it or not, these childes handle the affairs, or they can put us down on the spot, once it goes to the public, they would only have the share to shut up. If goes to the court, where their parents put their faces?” Shielding said in disdain, “the major staff officer Chavis Chad of the Third Military Region operations, really has the whacker acting, I don’t believe his that has the fat job in the Ministry of National Defense father will really let him to act recklessly.”
“You really know a lot of things.” Sheilor praised him genuinely and sincerely.
“Of course. I am the go-getter of the FBI, what the field service doing? It’s just exactly staring at the spy the outside, staring at the jack-in-office inside?” Shielding had his tips of the brows up, was ready to say a few arrogant words, but suddenly tasted that it was not that right, he stared at Sheilor and said, “wait a minute, how come I feel that you are satirizing me?”
“No need to feel, that’s exactly the satire.” Sheilor looked at the ceiling and said, “you are not watching the gate for the government? How come you became the section chief of the FBI? Knowing the other party not to be trifled with, and you still pretended drunk to provoke them.”
“No no, you got to listen to my explanation for this. What the FBI doing is watching the gate for the government, it is no much difference from your that no future gatekeeper job. As for what pretending drunk, your this words really hurt me this brother’s feeling too much.” Shielding said extremely seriously, “I don’t want to inquire about anything about you, even I want to test you, I still wouldn’t find a pair of bastard brother and sister such like this as the arrow.”
“I don’t have any secret!” Sheilor was annoyed finally, drank tens of days alcohol, fought with the outsiders for a night in the breath of the life and death, it’s impossible for him to not get familiar with or get close to Shielding, just every time Shielding would look at him in mystery, the hidden meaning in the eyes let him have some sensitivities.
“Nonsense! You this squat mine soldier, even could fight a good hand of the military region security office to stand teetered… Don’t forget, that man is my senior fellow apprentice, graduated from the First Military Academy.” Shielding took a look at him in taunt, and waved his hand, “if you say that you don’t have any secret, even you kill me, I still don’t believe you. But I don’t bother to deal with it, today I fired a shot to protect you, even the other party will handle this affair secretly, not to let it go to the public, I figure out that I also can’t keep this job, you this kid don’t say to treat me well, and tell me a good story.”
“One thing is one thing.” Sheilor stared at him angrily, said, “you need to make sure, that crazy woman wanted you to eat shit, then I would block it off, how come it became that I own you the favor in the end? Moreover, it’s none of my business that you lose your job, maybe you still want me to introduce a gatekeeper hourly work for you?”
Shielding had a “Ha Ha” laughter, suddenly looked at him and said seriously, “I know that you can fight, but the problem is that Chavis Chad also knows it now. Although this couple brother and sister are not what especially tremendous individuals, but to clear up we these two cheap lives is still more than sufficient… In the public, that narrow-minded major, surely will keep last night’s thing under control, but under the table it’s impossible for him to leave us alone, I’m sure that I will be kicked out from the FBI, the other party surely will not let you off. Especially… That stupid woman.”
Shielding sat up, shook his head and said, “I really drag on you for this thing, you need to be more careful in the future… As a matter of fact, although that stupid woman doesn’t quite have the taste, but that pair of white legs are still pretty tasteful.”
Front those words were still very serious, Sheilor just had some sighs with emotion, then he heard childe Shielding spoke out the tattles joyfully, so he couldn’t help to heave a sigh, shook his head and said, “regard it as that my life is bad, meet you this disaster. I consider it well, if that group of people really want to deal with me, I also don’t have a good idea, I would hide far away at the worst.”
“Don’t think it too horrible, you just need to behave well a bit to stay in the university. The government takes the university town serious, especially lately, the Colin socialism ideological trend is spreading, no one dare to provoke those aggressive students at this time… Well, although you just double as a porter and a guest student, but hide in the Pear Garden University, no matter what freaking awesome character, also could only stay at the outside to wait temporarily.”
“How big the influence the Chad family has?” Sheilor had to find out how sharp these wanted him to die people were, suddenly thought of a little girl’s clean face, and tempted to ask with doubt, “the seven big families?”
“The seven big families?” Shielding lied down, crossed one leg up, and said with full mock, “how on earth will that kind of characters go to Thirteen that kind of place? How on earth they will let people see their sharpness? Only Chad family this kind of nouveau riche, will entangle with we these two rogues, and they don’t even think that it’s disgraced.”
“I’m not a rogue, you are.” Sheilor thought that it’s too tired to talk with him, turned his body around to face the wall, sniffed the light plastic smell, closed his eyes and rested his mind, and thought about his own future.
Looked at his blue and purple back, in Shielding’s that beautiful eyes, the sincere sorry had a flash and disappeared, he had a wry smile on the corners of his mouth. Today the development of the situation somewhat went beyond his plan. Maybe he had the thought to test Sheilor subconsciously, but he really didn’t think of that Sheilor would incredibly dare to fight with those people to the end for him, even… Took the great risk that he might expose his own secret-- Up until now, he still didn’t know about Sheilor’s secret, but he knew what that decision Sheilor made at that moment represented. And also from that moment on, childe Shielding thought that Sheilor this friend… Really could be a true friend.
“Thank you.” Shielding said in a very low voice.
“No thanks, this is what I should do.” Sheilor didn’t even turn his head around, “even if other innocent passerby were dragged to eat shit, I still will interfere as well, so you don’t need to thank me.” he said.
Shielding laughed and said, “I see, the serving for the citizen three possessions young man which the President Office advocates, exactly it’s you… but you really don’t want to tell me some adventure stories?”


Chapter 58
The real identity of childe Shielding

Shielding this man was very intriguing, obviously he didn’t think about to inquire about other people’s secret, but didn’t know it’s whether the stubborn instinct or the nature of the work he was engaged in, let him always couldn’t help to stop the curious thought.
Well, since people all liked to hear about the adventure, Sheilor had to make up an all new adventure as well, otherwise he really couldn’t explain in front of the nightclub gate, how he could defeat a military ace.          
Once he thought of this, Sheilor would have some headaches. He found out that he still didn’t have too many experiences to conduct himself in the society, in order to explain one thing, he always had to tell more lies. And he also thought of one very terrible problem, that was the identity which uncle boss arranged for him, that native place in the far remote urban area of the S1, whether he should find some time to go back there once to take a look? 
The all new adventure story was not that much difference from the story he told that fat captain on the Antique Bell, but this time Sheilor was a bit more cautious, arranged that none-existence group leader to be a fuzzy face good hand in a hidden world.
“What’s the last name of that leader?” Shielding seemed to not believe in his words particularly, had a “Ha Ha” laugh and asked. 
Sheilor had a move slightly in his heart, purely had a name popped up in his mind subconsciously, and said with a curious coincidence, “seems like… Lee?”
Shielding still had the care-nothing-for on his face, but then he seemed to think of something, had a twist on his forehead, and fell into the deep thinking. He thought about this name in his heart, but somewhat didn’t dare to connect it to that direction in the mind. But if Sheilor told the truth, that would explain all of these, but he didn’t hear about Philadelphia that family had any juniors wandering outside in these years… Shielding looked at Sheilor’s back figure and shook his head, now he somewhat believed in his quirky encounter. He had a smile and thought in the heart, it’s afraid that even this boy himself would be not sure what’s the background of that genius, the one who taught him the fighting skill.
Since he had the decided opinion in his heart, fulfilled the curiosity, and had some worthy of thinking fun things, of course Shielding would change the topic naturally, “are you ready to be a porter in the Pear Garden University all the time? Even the retired soldier office of the Ministry of National Defense arranges you a job at random, it still will be a bit better than this.” As far as he was concerned, Sheilor this young man had the very outstanding character, although he didn’t know what else special skills he had in other aspects, but just with his fighting skill, entered into the subordinate security firm of the police station, or even found some relations to go into the police system, it’s also not the impossible thing.
“I’m a guest student of the Pear Garden University.” Sheilor turned his body around, looked at him and said, “I have some spare money with me anyway, I will put it off some time later until I finish these two years courses.” 
“But the guest student can’t get the diploma.” Shielding grabbed the rumpled cigarette case from his trouser pocket, held one in his mouth, and threw one to Sheilor, said vaguely, “no much prospect, do you know it clearly what you really want to do in the future?”
Sheilor took over the cigarette and the lighter, lit it up and took a smoke deeply, tried to learn uncle boss’s way in those days and tried to blow out some perfect smoke circles, but the result was that he blew out some scattered vapor like coming out from the humidifier. He coughed a couple times, looked at Shielding, had a laugh and thought in the heart, the other party clearly didn’t know what he was going to do in the future himself, and how come he would ask him the same question?
“I used to want to become a machine maintenance assist officer of the battleship, but… I changed my mind afterwards, now I want to pass the exam and have the machine maintenance certificate, and then look for a job in a big manufacturing company in S1. No matter what position I will be promoted to in the future, as long as I can be engaged in the thing I like, that will be nice.” Sheilor looked at the smoke scattered and disappeared in front of him, and said with somewhat mind wandering.
This was exactly one of his worldly ideals, but said it out from his mouth at this moment, it already had some ridiculous and not self-confident flavor. Since he implanted the disguise chip, maybe his life would be doomed to be not that happy and peaceful long ago. The youngster actually always had a big shadow cast on his heart, a shadow couldn’t be seen by others, he wanted to find out the real inside story of that thing, but with the status and ability he had right now, let alone uncovering the inside story about uncle’s death, even that he wanted to get close to that piece of black cloth, would be a wishful thinking.
Shielding could tell the heaviness and sadness in his eyes, he silenced for a moment and then said suddenly, “try to finish your worldly ideal nicely, if you have anything need me to help in the future, just feel free to ask.”
…………
…………
The development of the situation was not beyond Shielding’s expectation, over seven o’clock in the morning, the Coastal police headquarters received the direct order from the superior, opened the door of the detention house, released them two people out. Those holding the coffee cup to refresh themselves police had the very mean jokes with Shielding, Shielding scolded a few words back, in this kind of conversation, the listened quietly by the side Sheilor, knew what’s going on roughly. 
The Chad family really employed the relationship as expected, forced to press down the conflict which happened in front of the nightclub gate, the people of the Third Military Region had the clash with the people of the Coastal field service office, and even pulled the guns out, if this affair was made use by some men of intention, it certain would involve the Ministry of National Defense that boss, the Chad family wouldn’t watch this scene happened helplessly, so they would rather downplay this affair. 
Sheilor walked out of the police station door, faced the blowing slightly cold morning breeze, couldn’t help to shake his head, the known as democracy and freedom federal society, the social classes actually were still this strict. A not so well-known Chad family among the people, could stretch out their hands into the police system to depress some certain malignant case, and let the shooting in front of the nightclub Thirteen come to naught…
Shielding drove Sheilor back to the backdoor of the Pear Garden University, leaned on the car and looked at those not many doing morning exercise female students, stared at their close-fitting gym suits, but he said the very serious words in his mouth, “lately these days, don’t come out of the school, and everything need to be careful.”
The Chad family pressed this affair down from the official side. But humiliated ruthlessly by two small potatoes, how would the childe and Miss coming out from this kind of family swallow down the anger. The coming next, surely would be the secret and ruthless revenge from the other party, Shielding had some worry to look at him and said, “you don’t need to worry about me, even if I got fired, I am still an excellent student came out from the First Military Academy anyway, in the academy those rank high enough to scare people professors, surely could protect me.”
“I don’t know why you want to have the conflict with that couple brother and sister.” When Sheilor was going to walk into the iron gate, he suddenly stopped his steps, turned his head around and asked seriously, “maybe you have your purpose, but that couple brother and sister are really not some good stuffs. So this time I will let it go, and don’t try to have it next time.”
Shielding that holding in his mouth cigarette inclined downward a bit, just like the frosted leaves. His face was calm, but the mind had some feelings. He thought in his mind, his this little brother’s eyes were really sharp, and he still couldn’t outsmart him.
…………
…………
The spring of the Constitution Calendar year sixty-six, seemed to be a little bit hotter than the past years. But the weather at the end of the April, let people to feel the midsummer came ahead of the time. 
The integrated air conditioning system inside of the Coastal state buildings had already been turned on long ago, to supply the wonderful cold and refreshing air for those busy working people. 
In the gentle hot twilight, on the rooftop of the tallest Coastal state building, there were two people having the conversation defying the height and the heat. One of them the age was about forty or so, had the serious face, the eyes were gentle with some majesty; the other one had the rancid smell all over and had some leftover wine fumes, that rumpled suit was even more disgusting than that rumpled cigarette which he held in his mouth.
“005 from A to Z series electronic spy satellites kept wandering in the space five hundred eighty eight kilometers over our heads… You always let me to meet you in this place, don’t you think that it’s silly? The rooftop is really tall, forty something floors, no need to worry that people will see my face with the telescope, but the problem is, do you know how hot here is in the summer? How cold in the winter? And you don’t allow me to use the elevator, how tired it will be to climb up from the stairs? And how no creativity it is for this kind of meeting place?” Shielding looked at this middle-aged man in front of him and said as sick as mud.
The forty something old man didn’t turn his eyes a bit, looked coldly at Shielding’s face, suddenly opened his mouth and said, “you have not complained about anything in these two years, today you know that you did something wrong, want to hold the mental superiority first? Give up this kind of thinking, don’t forget that it’s me who taught you the psychology.”
Shielding had a self-mockery smile, put the cigarette in the mouth and took a smoke, turned around to look at the city in the twilight, felt that this city was more and more like a monster, if he couldn’t escape from it, he was afraid of only one thing, someday he would be eaten.
“What’s the matter of last night?” That middle-aged asked severely, “to keep your job in the FBI, don’t you know how many relationships the organization has employed? Not to speak of not letting other people to know about it, thus the expended price, was even sixty percent beyond the budget!”
Shielding had the cigarette which he was holding in the mouth trembled slightly once, and he didn’t turn his head around, heard that he didn’t get fired, that pair of beautiful eyes revealed a share of thick sadness and disappointment. 
When he turned his body around, these emotions in his eyes all disappeared, he said calmly, “the Chad family brother and sister had the good relationship with the prince before, they come to the Coastal state this time also for meeting the prince. Since my goal is to prevent the Ministry of National Defense to build the good relationship with the prince first, the action of last night, of course was exactly for this, so you don’t need to blame me.”
The supreme leader of the Federation was the president, to the related budget employment non-discrimination act would have the more than three hundred senators of the Management Committee, to the hearing and judgment of the case would have the judicial system. The once occasional turned up monarchy in the long history, had already been declared end as far back as thirty-seven Constitution Calendars ago, of course there was no emperor in this society, of course there would impossible what prince existed. 
The prince what Shielding and that middle-aged man talked about obviously was just a code name, of course, it’s impossible that they were talking about the prince of the Empire, it’s said that the present emperor of that distant interstellar Empire only had a daughter. But… What kind of character could let the Chad family brother and sister to come a long way to the Coastal state, just only tried to see him? What kind of character could be called prince by Shielding?
The middle-aged man lowered his head and thought for a moment, seemed to accept Shielding’s explanation, suddenly opened his mouth and asked, “who’s that guy called Sheilor? What’s the purpose you get close to him? Do you need to put it on records?”
Shielding wrinkled his eyebrows slightly, spitted out the cigarette in his mouth, the flaming cigarette butt splashed out the sparkles on the ground, he narrowed his eyes to look at the middle-aged man, and said very seriously, “that’s my personal friend, I’m warning you.”
Maybe Shielding’s warning played a role, the middle-aged man didn’t continue to ask this question, but his tone became extremely severe, “many years ago, when you were willing to join this great cause, you had already made a promise, you don’t have the qualification to have a friend, and you also can’t have a friend!”
“I didn’t understand the friendship at that time.” Shielding didn’t care about him, and not care a scrap to reply. 
The middle-aged man looked at him quietly, suddenly opened his mouth and asked, “you opened fire last night, whether you want to quit the FBI? I know that you work very hard all these years, and in these two years, you began to resist the orders of the organization passively, but you can’t forget about this, the future of the Federation, need you these young men to strive for it, and make the effort for it.”
Shielding silenced for a long time, and then he said in a low voice, “Yes, chief.”


Chapter 59
George Colin

…………
…………
The called chief by Shielding middle-aged man silenced for a moment and said, “the judgment you have for the development of the situation is very correct, Young Chad has already called his this couple children back to the Capital District, they shouldn’t come back in a short period, their family know about the identity of the prince by coincidence, surely don’t want to leave a bad impression to the prince because of this thing, and they should have the disinfection in these days.”
“That prince is also really absurd, there are so many tight security private colleges in the Capital District, he doesn’t go to any one of them, what does he do to have to come to the Coastal state?” Shielding lit up another cigarette, thought of the final target of this action, he couldn’t help to have some worry as well. Because the other party was the character really stand high above the masses, not the Chad family could compare with, it’s not difficult to cut off the kindness that the Ministry of National Defense showed to him, perhaps it’s feasible to prevent the influence which the hawks had on him, but wanted to get close to him, it’s really a thing too difficult.
“Just only know the approximate scope is in the university town, what on earth is which one?” Shielding lowered his head to smoke the cigarette, kicked the wall behind him subconsciously, the dust on the leather shoes was shocked falling down, “don’t know how many blockade lines around this kind of character would have. Even we can create some kind of encounter, but I don’t know how old he is, how his temperament is, where he lives, and what his activity routine is, how can I get close to him? I even don’t know what this prince looks like.”
“The latest intelligence just came back, his age is about between seventeen to nineteen, because his family still didn’t hold the coming-of-age ceremony for him yet.” That chief said seriously, “you don’t even try to have the extravagant hopes for the 3-D imaging this kind of stuff, the outside world even don’t have his picture, at most they will have the portrait according to the dictation, distortion to the extreme. So, can or can’t find him, get close to him, and then further gain his favor, all depended on your personal ability.”
Shielding spitted a saliva onto the ground, felt a share of cold feeling simmered in his chest. The conflict with the Chad family last night actually was painstakingly caused by him, could track down the character of that called Youzhi woman, track down the other party had the stubborn favor for the DVC perfume, it’s not a difficult thing. The reason why he brought Sheilor to go with him, that’s because he wanted to do this thing a bit more beautiful at first, he was ready to have the move for saving Sheilor in the conflict, this would accord more with the traits of character which he left to the FBI and the organization, then it would hide his real thinking.
--He was really tired, in these two years he always played the part of a playboy, no, was really doing the playboy, didn’t want to have the promotion in the FBI, that’s exactly because it’s painful to live in this kind of crack, he wanted to take the advantage of this opportunity, to be fired by the FBI directly. So in this way, he believed that the organization shouldn’t likely think highly of him as before, and perhaps he might have some relatively free life.
But he didn’t think of that Sheilor that kid would fight for him first incredibly, and he had the ability beyond his imagination, he also didn’t think of that the organization would think highly of him like this, regardless to employ the hidden in the government power, to contend against the Chad family, to keep his position. Shielding held the cigarette with the middle finger and the index finger, fell into the silence, he knew that he had to finish this mission, but that never appeared in the public target, really was not that easy to get close to.
“We all know this is very difficult, the senator also knows it clearly, he even said it personally, if we really can’t get in touch with him, that will also be the thing we can’t help.” The chief looked at him and said gently, “but even there is a glimmer of hope, you still need to fight for it.”
“I know that I don’t have enough qualification to know what on earth the character this prince is, but I really don’t understand, the Federation is an election type society, how could it possible that a person may have such a powerful influence?”
“Election? The federal society have had countless elections in these many years, but in the eyes of the really know the ropes people, the result of every election, had already been doomed ahead of time long ago.” The middle-aged chief had the deeply disappointed color to the federal political ecology flashed in his eyes, “next year will have the presidential election again, what’s your opinion?”
“The present President is a dopey, hope the next one will be a bit better.” Shielding shrugged his shoulders, “I never voted, but next year I might vote for Mr. Palmer.”
“It’s not sure whether Palmer will run for the President or not yet.” The middle-aged chief obviously didn’t feel strange about Shielding’s choice, because they these people to the alternative of the senators, this got up from the bottom of the society lawyer, all had the good feeling, he had some worry to say, “so what if he run for the President? If those families can’t recognize him, the under their control the financial groups, the politicians, the medias and those ubiquity influences, enough to knock him down in the primary election. If Palmer can win the respect and recognition of these families… Then surely he must also make some concessions in the political program, this kind of Palmer still will be the present Palmer?”
Shielding didn’t say anything, he knew what his this superior said was all true, although he was still willing to keep the naïve thinking in his heart, hoped that Mr. Palmer after took up the post of the President, still would be present this daring to look straight into the social inequality, and carried out the reform firmly with the firm and persistent but mild manner.
“Mr. Palmer passed and obtained the federal lawyer license from the East Forest Region in those days.” Shielding suddenly opened his mouth and said, “the East Forest people I know, all would be persistent like a stone, I believe he is one as well.”
The twilight was getting dark gradually, the wind on the rooftop was also getting bigger and bigger, the night wind at the end of April finally dispersed the summer heat of the day, Shielding buckled up the buttons of the suit, said good-bye to the middle-aged man, for them this kind of people, chatting for such a long time was already a very extravagant thing, even what they talked about was politics.
“If you have the chance one day, go get me some rabbit meat to eat, I will not count on you for the buffalo meat this kind of good thing.” Shielding flipped the cigarette butt to the corner, left without turning his head back, waved his hand and said, “after all, you are the chief of the SOSBLM, right?”
…………
…………
The picture in the gray monitor seemed to be at a standstill, didn’t have anyone passed by for a long time, didn’t have any motion, if not for those pear trees still waved in the spring wind, it would really let people doubt whether the monitor was broken. Sheilor sat in the bungalow by the iron gate, took a look at the monitor with the corners of his eyes, and then took a look at the quiet street outside of the university through the large transparent glass, didn’t find any suspicious people, rested his heart slightly, it seemed that the revenge from those big shots still not came this quick yet.
Came back to the Pear Garden University in the morning, Sheilor deliberately took a stroll at the most famous four fountains area of the university, listened to those speeches and slogans, made sure what Shielding said was right. Although not many students were attracted by those speeches, they were still concentrating on the schoolwork and experiment, but the atmosphere of the university was still somewhat in tension. Sheilor listened curiously for a long time, then he knew that the once a year George Colin day was coming again after all, the education department of the federal government and the FBI were all very vigilant, for fear that any sparks would burn into the campus. 
Presumably in this kind of situation, no matter how arrogant the Chad family that pair brother and sister were, they wouldn’t dare to run into the Pear Garden University to deal with him, otherwise, once it caused any incident, had some group events happened, no one could afford it.
Sheilor didn’t have any interest in politics, through the search in the network, then he had some preliminary understanding to that somewhat familiar name George Colin. This called George Colin man, was once a genius professor of the Federal Capital University, also was one of the youngest professors since the human had the history on the books. His best field was the political history, this somewhat obscure name actually was to study the different political forms appeared in history.
George Colin never was a scholar appearing in the public with the radical appearance, even the anarchism ideological trend and absolute liberalism were rarely shown in his works, he just analyzed all kinds of political frameworks in the human history with the very strict manner, and had the models reset. He analyzed thirty-seven Constitution Calendars ago, why the last monarchy society of the human society would collapse, and why the royal family at that time would choose the extremely polite and peaceful concession. 
At the same time, he also analyzed the just had the stable framework for over six hundred years federal system, considered that this kind of system was only a kind of false separation of powers, in the situation of the information couldn’t be fully shared, to possess the information, was a kind of great unfairness on the distribution of the means of production, thus this would lead to the unfair distribution of the social resources, and then produced a series of social problems.
George Colin pointed out the legendary seven big families, were exactly the deformity existences in this kind of system. The simple purpose academic research, when the studying the history gradually rolled to the studying the reality, then it would cause some problems easily. Maybe even George Colin himself was not aware of the theory he suggested, especially those full and accurate material analysis and data calculation, would give a powerful weapon to those dissatisfied with current situation people.
According to some of the later generations’ memory details, this called George Colin man, was only a very simple scholar. At the very first beginning, his name was only praised highly in the academic circle, the general federal citizens would have no one willing to see those incomparable boring enumerated numbers, they just wanted to see the conclusion, so the influence of George Colin didn’t reveal how much, the Federation still peacefully and naturally allowed him to publish the academic works.
But all of these were changed in the Constitution Calendar year thirty-six, because on May 19th of that year, George Colin were invited to attend a certain government department meeting, but he disappeared weirdly on the way, from then on, no one could find his sign anymore.
George Colin had disappeared for thirty years, some men of intention noticed his works gradually, and even noticed his weird disappearance. A story with plot meaning, was enough to attract the attention of countless ordinary people, especially the just disbanded the army and gave up violent confrontation anti-government aspect, seized this opportunity, made the George Colin doctrine as their own political program, with eliminating the inequality of the federal society, demanding greater degree transparency, and examining the insider trading of the seven big families as the slogan, took part in the parliamentary election of the S2 administrative planet… From then on, George Colin was endowed with more colors, the pioneer to expose the federal inside story, the brave scholar, didn’t know how many titles such like these, and the May 19th of every year was designated as the George Colin day.
Come to speak of it absurdly, this bill incredibly was proposed and passed by those senators of the Federal Management Committee. The senators of the Federation all declared themselves as the followers of George Colin, and the senators of the anti-government aspect were only some dregs using the George Colin doctrine, the senators persisted in saying that they didn’t have any relation with the seven big families. Thus the federal citizens were all somewhat dumbfounded, could it be said that the seven big families were the things non-exist at first?
This considered as St. George man was really poor, perhaps he was just thinking about something too hard in the first place, so drove into the river… just only a frank scholar, how could he become the look such like this now? 
Sheilor moved his eyes to the bottom of the screen, he didn’t have any interest in politics, didn’t even have a bit good feeling to the federal government, so he had some sympathy for this George Colin. He suddenly noticed an interesting story about George Colin, couldn’t help to open his eyes widely, he thought in his heart, how come this argument would be so familiar with?


Chapter 60
One frustrated night in Pear Garden

After George Colin stepped onto the chancel, his teaching contents in the Capital University or the chatting statements, were all gathered by his worshipers, and put on the network. This politics of history scholar obviously was not a pedantic people who only knew studying mechanically, but had comprehensive interests, he even also dabbled at the art field, but the achievements on these aspects were nothing like he had on his own profession that high. 
So much as this scholar couldn’t get rid of the hobby of the normal man, often after got half-drunk, liked to have the comments on the second war between the Federation and the Empire which was in the later stage, he had a lot of comments about the warfare, unfortunately even his most faithful worshippers also had to admit, this Mr. really knew nothing about war, most of his comments were unbearably absurd, often were far cry from the development of the fact, especially the comments he had about the mecha, even made countless people felt laughable.
“Although the mobility of the individual mecha is extremely strong, but the portable load of the energy and ammunition is serious shortage, it belongs to the absolute high consumption but low efficiency weapon, absolutely not accord with the economic principle and the political need. In the modern war, if we say that the individual mecha is the beautiful but expensive diamond, then just need a most primitive group artillery flat fire casually, would burn these diamonds into black carbon…”
This conversation happened in a spring university fellowship cocktail party in Constitution Calendar year twenty-seven, and it also became one of the St. George’s interesting news. 
Sheilor was reading exactly this paragraph, he scratched his head somewhat curiously, always felt that he was incomparably familiar with this passage. Thought for a long time, he then thought of, in the boundless twilight outside of the mine, every time when he showed the yearning for the mecha… Uncle Fengyu would speak out this passage with a kind of very sarcastic tone.
“Even uncle also read the recorded utterances of George Colin?” Sheilor recalled that having grey hair and full mouth of rotten teeth guy, no matter how, he still didn’t think that the other party was a man who had the interest in politics of history or political gossips, and he couldn’t help laughing up.
Threw the things about George Colin out of his mind, Sheilor kept the night tour on the network, very familiar to access to a certain BBS, began to read over the documents on it from the place number three hundred something. This was a propaganda BBS about the spirit of the First Charter, and there were many things about the First Charter. 
The present Sheilor, had already broken away from that kind of fugitive panic. The disguise chip in his nape seemed like that it could let him to dodge the splendor of the First Charter completely, but he still had some worry about it, always wanted to know a little bit more about the First Charter. From two months ago, he began to have this work in progress, surfed on the network of the Capital Planet Circle for a long time, he was then astounded to find out, after all, the information about the Charter Bureau, the federal electronic monitoring network and that core central computer, all were put on the network and in the library above board, and any federal citizen could look it up at will.
The working process of the Charter Bureau, the authority limit of the central computer, all were not the secrets. Probably only this degree of absolute transparence, could let the federal citizens allow the existence of the First Charter? Sometimes Sheilor would think in his heart like this.
The more he knew about, the unknown would be the less, the fear would also be more and more little, he stopped the retrieve to the documents, stared at the metal bracelet on his left wrist and fell into meditation. Could make a disguise chip, that’s enough to strike down all the Nebula Award winners in the nearly one hundred years, what kind of people uncle boss he actually was? Why did he know about the Charter Bureau so much, and know so much about that central computer which gathered the crystallization of all the human wisdom?
The couldn’t get it problem, there was no need to keep thinking about. Rubbed on the smooth but having great texture surface of the metal bracelet gently, Sheilor’s finger pointed on the screen gently, connected to the government BBS, picked over in the information tree for a long time, finally found the information about the Fudge state third prison of the East Forest Region.
“There’s one more week, Levi will come out of the jail.” Sheilor looked at that familiar name on the information BBS, suddenly had the unnamed mawkishness in his heart. He had very few friends in his this life, Levi and Johnny were counted as two, the just known lately Shielding… Barely could be counted as one as well, of course his boss was one. The not up to fourteen years old little Johnny was sent to the juvenile detention house, didn’t know what degree his mother would worry about to. Levi? After he came out from the jail, what else he could do? Could it be said that he returned to the Bell Tower Street, and really became an underworld member?
Sheilor felt the anxiety, lowered his head and thought for a long time, the seldom extinctive smile was also disappeared on his face. He finally made up his mind, began to search the reliable channel on the net, hoped that he could find a way to sent Levi a sum of money. There were still more than three million federal dollars in the bank card which Fengyu left to him, this was the thing he checked clearly when he downloaded a client program of the Three Forest United Bank a few days ago, he was ready to send one million to Levi, and he believed that this would help Levi to step on another totally different path.
From the intellect to say, Sheilor knew it clearly that his this move was not so wise. If the Federation aspect had any doubt in the future, then through the financial monitoring system, could easily check him out from Levi there… But Sheilor just couldn’t watch his friend suffering the torments in the distant place, especially the other party was taken into the jail because of him. In his view, there were always a lot of things more important in this world. Of course, he would do it very carefully, and tried not to leave any clues.
…………
…………
Thought of boss, thought of Levi, thought of homeland, Sheilor was frustrated in his heart. Stared blankly for a moment, he took out that made of pure natural fiber name card from his bosom, took a look at it, and then put it well into the metal drawer, and he thought of that lovely little girl on that spacecraft.
This name card was given by the madam of the Chung family, once he associated the seven big families this kind of distant and horrific existence, Sheilor had his mood became somewhat weird. His boss died in the hands of the Fourth Military Region, and many people in the West Forest military knew about his look-- If the life didn’t have any extremely big accident, then he wouldn’t probably go to dial that number on that name card, perhaps in his this life he wouldn’t meet with that little girl again, unless he was looking for death. If someday he really needed to dial that number in the future, that only showed that in his life, there had some problem more horrible than the death already showed up.
The sealed for tens of years west gate of the Pear Garden University was opened again several days ago, because for the sake that it’s closer, the students all chose to leave the school from the west gate. The originally didn’t have too many people go by backdoor became even more deserted now, perhaps not a people showed up in several hours, only the pear trees accompanied with the in the gate house lonely youngster. The night was deep now, the spring wind calmed down quietly, Sheilor walked to the middle of the iron gate in the shadow of the pear trees, checked the iron gate up, returned to the room to swipe the time card, and then shut off all the lighting equipments, turned on the automatic monitoring chime, and walked back to the bedroom.
In the darkness, the dressed in a single underwear Sheilor squat down for half an hour of the horse stance, wiped off the sweat from the forehead, then began to brush up on that ten mechanically stiff movements, every knee forward, every elbow raised, every wrist twisted, would all be that powerful and vigorous, cross the Rubicon, and matchless heroic.
At last he had a shower, faced the mirror, shaved on between the eyebrows with a knife for a long time, then went to the bed with the all body ache and tiredness, and fell into sleep soundly. 
In the sleep, in the darkness, he couldn’t discover that on his naked body, a streak of not easy to find wave moved forward according with some specific path, turned back, came back to the origin at last, formed a channel, and then resumed. These waves and trembles became more and more distinct and obvious, but more and more not so eye-catching, seemed to want to hide under his skin and in the muscles and joints, not willing to let people to see it again…
…………
…………
The life in the Pear Garden university was invariable, every day Sheilor would go to the classroom to audit, absorbed those digitized and drawing knowledge thirstily and hungrily, those base foundation also was the part he was short of the most. The four years repairman life, made his practical ability abnormally intrepid, but mechanic Fengyu didn’t know for what kind of consideration, never taught him the knowledge about the theoretical side. Now Sheilor was in a kind of embarrassing situation, knew about the things but didn’t know the reason why, the boring academic education which the professors of the Pear Garden University taught in the class, just could fulfill the need he had on this aspect, thus he lived unusually rich, just waited for the lab experiment class which would start in the next semester, to test and verify the achievement which he combined the theory and practice.
Didn’t know what Shielding was doing recently, just came to have a greeting one afternoon and then disappeared. Sheilor knew this rogue official didn’t get fired, couldn’t help to be surprised by his ability. He knew it clearly about the busy degree of the FBI jobs, only drinking the alcohol a few times less wouldn’t let him have the grudge. But didn’t know for what reason, hadn’t seen that guy several days in a row, Sheilor somewhat couldn’t get used to it. 
They two people had been worrying about the revenge, the revenge of that couple callous by nature brother and sister, didn’t come as expected. But Sheilor still stayed in the university circumspectly, didn’t had a step out of the iron gate. If this kind of  quiet life could kept going like this, Sheilor definitely would be very satisfied, he had already bought a summer time air ticket, would go to take a look at the  “hometown” which that chip recorded. He seemed to have already gotten used to his this disguise identity, and really didn’t want other things to bother him.
But that day, Sheilor had felt that the atmosphere in the campus was somewhat weird. Those walking between the school laboratory buildings and the apartments students had their faces as usual, but Sheilor still always felt that there was something going to happen. Perhaps because the principal showed up suddenly in the deserted gate house of the backdoor and talked a few words with him? Sheilor lowered his head, tried to keep quiet. Although the Pear Garden University was not so famous, but it seemed to have the high status inside the government, the rank of this looked very usual principal definitely wouldn’t be low, why this kind of people would especially come to the gate house and talked with him?
At this time Sheilor had already forgotten the thing about that letter of recommendation, just judged sensitively, the sir principal came to the backdoor, might come to check out something, but why he didn’t find anything? He took a look at the outside of the window subconsciously.


Chapter 61
Sheilor’s knives

…………
…………
In the same night, in the darkness, finished the full set of the movements, the same became worn out Sheilor went into the bathroom once again, after had a cold water bath, his spirit seemed to become much better. Took out that sharp knife from the hollowed tile behind the mirror, began to face the mirror and shaved the eyebrows seriously, one hair by one hair, all trimmed very meticulously, at last he put on some Living Spring brand toner on between the eyebrows, looked at that face in the mirror, then nodded his head with satisfaction.
Sheilor didn’t have the habit of narcissism, and also didn’t have the thought to make his this ordinary face handsome, even he had, he still wouldn’t possibly choose to do this kind of job in the wee hours, unless he had the mental disorder-- The advertisement in the channel 23 said this kind of toner could contract the pore, so he kept using it in these two months. 
Looked at himself up and down in the mirror for a long time, confirmed that those pores between the eyebrows had been subtle to be seen, if he didn’t  use the magnifying glass to see, he absolutely couldn’t tell that the smooth skin should have the eyebrows originally.
The most characteristic place of this ordinary face was this pair of eyebrows, when he was in the mine tunnel, Fengyu had already said that his eyebrows was like knife, too straight, too upright… The purpose of trimming the eyebrows was not  to make his face meek a bit, but to change his own face by changing the space between the eyebrows. After all, he didn’t dare to expose his real identity, although the East Forest and West Forest all were extremely far away from the Capital Planet Circle, but who would know the things in the world so certainly? Perhaps sometime in the future, somebody seen Sheilor before would come to the Pear Garden University…
Sheilor’s eyebrows were black such like the ink originally, and the middle was connected together, it looked like a sharp and overwhelming machete, he kept trimming the eyebrows in these two months, just wanted to cut off this pair of straight eyebrows from the middle… The effect was quite good, at least that face in the mirror, really had some differences from the original appearance, although the difference was not too obvious.
 If Sheilor’s eyebrows were like a machete before, then now his eyebrows were still that straight, that simply black, but they had already changed into two small knives, pointed to the sideburns.
…………
…………
Tonight sleepless, Sheilor sat in the darkness and stared at the locked iron gate, about instinct this thing, actually it was just the sensitive judgment caused by countless subtle changes, or even a kind of subconscious judgment. Sheilor was a people good in observing the things, at the beginning, Fengyu had admired his this advantage so much, so he trusted in his own instinct, the principal’s suddenly coming and leaving silently, and the west gate was suddenly opened again a few days ago, the backdoor of the campus was absolute quiet at this time, all of these represented something. He smelled the flavor of the danger, just like in the green grassland over the other side of the electric fence, seemed to have a lot of beasts hidden in the grass, but to his anxiety, he couldn’t have any way to find out where these dangers came from.
His fingers stroked gently on the metal handle in his palm, Sheilor narrowed his eyes slightly, knew that once he pushed that movable button, the front end of this looked like a data memory little tool would eject the very strong current, when the stored current was run out, it still could pop up the sharp dagger. Had an edge tool like this to protect himself, his mood got stable a bit, but once he thought of that those arrogant people pulled the guns in public in front of the nightclub gate, his heart became not so stable again.
In those days, he made two electric shock sticks in Fengyu’s guidance, besides he gave one to Levi, caused all the follow-up happenings indirectly, he still had one more by his side to protect himself all the time, once he used it to shock the buffalo fainted, shocked the police chief misted, that one was called “Handle” intimately by him. When he left the West River state, “Handle” was burnt in that incinerator with the chip. Now this one in his hand, was just made again one month ago, the classes he audited still didn’t have the experiment classes yet, but to look for the adequate materials was not a difficult thing in the campus, after ordered some special components on the net, Sheilor made this thing out again, finally gave it a name, it’s called, “Knife”.
The long night, one minute one second went by just in Sheilor’s anxious waiting. The horizon was getting bright gradually, those two light moon shadows over the sky of the S1 planet also disappeared on the horizon one by one, a kind of grey white began to cover the sky. The air was full with the fresh and cool flavor, the morning breeze swayed around the Pear Garden, but blew those light fog closer and closer, and thicker and thicker. Although it’s the early morning, but it’s the primary morning, the people in the campus were still in sleeping, but the sung for a whole night in the grass insects felt tired, stopped their life singing in succession, and it’s all quiet around. 
Sheilor also felt tired, he had a self-mockery smile, thought in his heart that he still didn’t have the fugitive experience like uncle that abundant, the random foolish thinking would make himself nervous for a night, if he kept boiling himself like this, it’s afraid that he didn’t need the federal government to come to arrest him, he would be dead because of exhaustion.
He opened the window, let the breeze blow in from the outside, and then was ready to turn on the light, went back to the bed to have a sleep. But just right at that moment when his finger was going to touch the switch, he heard the strange sound.
At the deserted backdoor of the Pear Garden University, the iron gate’s electronic switch gave out a “Dee” light sound, and then opened slowly in the thin morning fog. 
Sheilor watched this scene surprised, his palm clenched the “Knife”, the iron gate was opened in the situation without his knowing, only explained that the having higher authority people in the university, in the situation without his knowing, input the command. If he was still sleeping at this time, might not hear that light sound, in this way, no matter who would be coming in from outside of the campus in a moment, he wouldn’t know about it. 
At this moment, although he was stunned, but he also put down the worry in his heart, he believed that the upcoming strange guest surely not came to look for his trouble, because no matter what time, nobody would trace and arrest people with this kind of aboveboard way, and opening the school gate and arresting him seemed to have no any relation as well.
Just this scene looked really somewhat strange, in the mist, the iron gate opened slowly, but there was not a single figure around, it looked like the horror scene often seen in the movie.
An all black car drove from the mist quickly, moved forward to the Pear Garden University along the road outside of the school, just from the dispersed deformation white mist, could know how fast the speed of this car. But even in this kind of speed, this black car still didn’t make any noise, looked like a now appearing now disappearing ghost.
Speaking of wonderful, when Sheilor saw this black car, he felt the danger flavor seemed to be lighter a lot around, the strong curiosity let him walk to the window, watched this scene in the dark, didn’t know why this looked very normal, even didn’t have any sign car, would travel so fluent and natural, even… Gave people a kind of lively feeling.
Suddenly, Sheilor found a figure appeared in the mist in the campus didn’t know since when, that was a wearing glasses female student, wearing a set of floral pajamas, holding a book, walking drowsily on the road of the Pear Garden university. There was some distance from here to the apartment block, especially it’s very deserted here lately, but still would have some students come to here to have the morning reading, seeking the beautiful scene of the pear garden, but the morning reading students seldom would get up this early.
Sheilor gave up to consider why that female student would show up here suddenly at this time, because he found out, the silhouette of that even eyes not opened totally female student couldn’t be seen clearly in the mist, and that traveling from outside of the school black car seemed to have not seen her as well, still kept the high speed driving… If there was no any accident happened, perhaps a few seconds later, that poor female student would be hit flying to the sky to watch the scene of the pear garden by that weird black car.
Too late to shout, because the people in the car wouldn’t hear at all, and Sheilor always felt that the other party wouldn’t slow down even they could hear, as for that full of drowsiness misted female student, Sheilor also didn’t have the extravagant hopes that he could wake her up. So he just jumped out of the window directly, rushed at that female student with the fastest speed, even was faster than he had the race with the buffalo in those days, and brought that female student down on the grass by the roadside directly!
Just right at the moment when they two people fell on the ground, that like a ghost black car drove by their side with the high speed, didn’t slow down, didn’t stop the car, even nobody watched the episode happened over here, just brought up a few leaves from the ground, and disappeared in the mist in the campus.
Just right at the moment when Sheilor rushed out, he suddenly felt countless eyes looked at him, but with the coming up scene, those eyes disappeared at the same time. But the youngster’s mood was somewhat angry at this moment, was angry at that ignored people’s life or death car, so he didn’t care about this odd feeling at all. He stared at the back of that black car angrily, and scolded a few words in low voice.
…………
…………
Charming endured the pain on the knees, struggled to stand up from that young man’s arms, the corner of her eyes took a look along the direction where that black car disappeared, arose the incomparable disappointment and anger in her heart. The senator arranged her to come back to the Pear Garden University, just in order to have the contact with that man, in order to obtain the intelligence which that man would come into the backdoor of the university in today’s morning, how many efforts the S2 people had already paid for? She also understood, this kind of crash run into way was really too risky, but she also had to do it… the thing was developing in accordance with the plan in a moment, but it’s interrupted by an accident at last! 
But when she turned around to look at that accident, accidentally saw a familiar face, especially the sincere concern revealed on that face and the pure-heartedness shown in the eyes, let her remembered who the other party was in a flash… That people who shared the puppy biscuits with her. Charming looked at Sheilor’s in the eyes stunned, felt the other party’s eyes stared in her eyes just like two knives, she was a bit confused unexpectedly, and even forgot her most important mission.
Sheilor was also dumbfounded at this time, he found that the girl in his arms, who was wearing the black frame glasses, was exactly he met on the greyhound bus, that pure clean girl he saw at the school opens. The touching sense of his hand was very soft, he then found that he was still hugging her waist and hip, a stream of spring breath blew on the face, and he immediately became a rigid East Forest country stone.
When the pair of young man and woman became the statue, that black car had already driven through the mist. On the backseat of the car, an about seventeen or eighteen years old young man opened his somewhat tired eyes, turned his head around and took a look subconsciously.
A steward-look man by his side said with incomparable respect and cautiousness, “please childe rests assured, although the family still can’t send the people out, but the Secret Service sent twelve agents out initiatively, surely can guarantee the safety when you are studying in this place.”
“Uncle Ken, please call my name, Charlie Tai.” The young man said sincerely. He suddenly had a wry smile, “I always feel that somebody was staring at me just now, the staring is so fierce, just like two small knives, it looks like that our family is really detested in the Federation.”


          (To Be Continued…)





   





