The Serpent and the Unicorn
Books IV and V

Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Susan Skylark
Revised 2018



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author



Table of Contents:

Map
Book IV
Book IV: Chapter 1
Book IV: Chapter 2
Book IV: Chapter 3
Book IV: Chapter 4
Book IV: Chapter 5
Book IV: Chapter 6
Book IV: Chapter 7
Book IV: Chapter 8
Book IV: Chapter 9
Book IV: Chapter 10
Book IV: Chapter 11
Book IV: Chapter 12
Book IV: Chapter 13
Book IV: Chapter 14
Book IV: Chapter 15
Book V
Book V: Chapter 1
Book V: Chapter 2
Book V: Chapter 3
Book V: Chapter 4
Book V: Chapter 5
Book V: Chapter 6
Book V: Chapter 7
Book V: Chapter 8
Book V: Chapter 9
Book V: Chapter 10
Book V: Chapter 11
Book V: Chapter 12
Book V: Chapter 13
Book V: Chapter 14
Book V: Chapter 15
Book V: Chapter 16
Book V: Chapter 17

Other Books by this Author

Once a Thief Sample Chapters
Sample Chapters: Shadows Fall
Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away’
Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume III’
In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea (excerpt from ‘Of Tea...and Things’)
On Princesses: A Foible excerpt




Book IV



“Be thou my vision,
great Lord of my heart,
Naught be all else to me,
Save that thou art.”

'Be Thou My Vision'
Irish Hymn



Chapter 1

The rain streamed down in sheets and lightning flashed outside the window of the darkened room.  Two men faced one another in the darkness, neither moving but both moments away from death should one or the other decide to end the conversation with violence.  
“Are you a fool?” snarled a deep voice, “Or merely a coward?  To abandon all that you once were to save your own skin is pathetic!”  
“I am neither,” said the other man calmly, “if what I have lost by forsaking my vows could have been called life, then I would rather be dead than to again endure enslavement to evil and gain nothing in return but a deadened heart.  I was a fool not to see it sooner!  Death is far better than anything the darkness can offer and life lived in service to the Master is far better still.  I have lost nothing I would not throw away a thousand times over.  I have gained life itself and far more than that.  Come out of the shadows and forsake the darkness.”  
The deep voice paused and then said, “they have truly gotten to you have they not?  You are no longer the man I once knew.”  
The other voice laughed, “that man was a lie, a half-dead excuse for a human being.  I am now the man I ever should have been.  ‘They’ have not simply gotten to me, I have embraced their tenets fully and with gladness.”  
“You are mad!” shrieked the deep voice, “Our masters are furious.  Do you know what they will do to you if they catch you?”  
The voice laughed again, “they can only kill and torture the body.  What awaits them and all of their faithful servants after this life is ended is far worse than anything they could ever do to me.  They have no claim on my soul.  I do not fear even the worst they can do.”  
“What is this nonsense of a soul?” scoffed the sinister voice, “We all know very well that this life is all there is and then nothing after.  You speak lies driven into your shallow mind by your new masters.”  
The other man laughed, “it is your masters that lie!  Mine can only ever tell what is true.  It is yours that lie to everyone, including themselves.  You should know how little the truth matters to such as I once was.  Do not die alone and forgotten in the service of those who care nothing about you except how you can be of benefit to their own schemes: a simple tool to be replaced.  I do not ask you to join the Brethren, but at the least forsake evil.”
“This from the man who should have been greatest amongst us after the Battle of the Plains!” sneered the dark voice, “You slew one of our greatest enemies and then immediately joined their ranks!  What fell sorcery is this?”  
“Not sorcery,” said the other man, “a humbled and broken heart redeemed and renewed by love; there is no more powerful force on earth.”  
“Bah!” said the deep voice, “You are forever lost to us.  I should destroy you and end this madness forever.”  
The other voice laughed, “this madness as you call it will not end with me.  Until the end of time there shall be a voice crying the Truth no matter what the forces of evil do to destroy or corrupt it.  I am just one voice among a great throng.”  
“I have heard enough,” snarled the deep voice, “this conversation is ended.”  
Colin clutched his sword, prepared to defend himself, but rather his foe leapt out the window into the downpour and galloped off into the darkness.  He could pursue the man into the storm, but something kept him from a futile chase.  He had tried, but it was now up to his former colleague to decide whether or not to forsake the darkness.  
A year gone, he had been such as the fled man: a man who had sold his very soul into slavery for the sake of power beyond mortal dreaming.  He had received power, but also an empty and meaningless life.  He had even managed to capture one of the Brotherhood of the Serpent’s greatest foes, which should have brought him even more reward from his dark masters.  But after killing the man, he felt nothing in the great gaping chasm that was his own heart: no triumph, victory, or joy.  Nothing!  The man who had fallen by his hand had died more honorably than he had ever lived.  At that moment, his heart had broken where once he had simply ignored it and his conscience.  He had given himself into the hands of the man’s allies and instead of slaying him justly and ending the torment roiling in his mind, they had offered him the chance to join them!  It was the strangest tale he had ever heard and it was his own story.  
He had taken their offer and had since been a dedicated servant of the Master of All, Who was able to fill the void that all the power in the world could not.  After a period of training in Astoria, the home of the Brethren, he had been sent out in search of what remained of his former colleagues.  The Brotherhood had been dealt a terrible blow during the events surrounding the Battle of the Plains; there were now few of them about and they went about in even greater secrecy.  Colin had tracked down several of them and tried to talk them into forsaking their dedication to evil, but it was almost impossible to talk a man out of something he believed with all his heart.  It took the man himself realizing that he had been serving a lie to bring about such contrition.  
A few words from a former colleague could plant a seed, but it was up to the man himself to make the final decision.  Colin hoped his efforts had not been in vain.  He sighed as he sheathed his sword and made his way back to the common room of the inn.  He took a seat at a table and sipped at a mug of tea, trying to calm the riot of thoughts that pranced through his mind.  He had exhausted his resources in trying to locate his former colleagues; his latest quarry had been his last.  Any more encounters must occur without his help.  It was time to return to Astoria and see where the Lady would send him next.  He retired to his room and was off before sunrise.

Bristol rode up to the gates surrounding the massive structure that had been constructed to house the Academy.  Syre was home to the University and its myriad professors in all things useless.  The Academy was Arca’s answer.  It had been founded not long after the return of the King’s fourth daughter from her travels.  She had brought with her a man she later married and whom she had convinced to found this very institution.  The King was a lover of all things involving knowledge, wisdom, philosophy, and lore (or those things that could be mistaken for them) and he gladly accepted his daughter’s proposal of starting the Academy, if only to prove to Syre that what they could do, Arca could do just as well, if not better.  So it was that Princess Kalyn and Raye her brilliant husband founded the Academy, which many hoped would prove a better educational institution than the University, though it could hardly be worse.
At the University, anything and everything was taught, except that which might actually be useful.  Raye had been a dedicated student of the University and was determined to make the Academy into what the University should have been.  The University plodded along as usual, happily oblivious to everything going on in the world not directly related to itself.  It was not happy to have a rival, but perhaps a little competition would stimulate growth and interest.  
The gates stood open and the guards eyed him suspiciously, but recognizing him as an official advisor to the King, allowed him to pass unchallenged.  He left his mount to graze at will upon the wide lawn and went in search of the High Chancellor.  The Lady had asked him to keep a close eye on this monstrosity as it grew and developed, and it was time for his weekly meeting with Raye about how things were going and in which direction they were headed.  The Lord Chancellor met Bristol in his study.  Bristol bowed formally, shut the door behind him, and took the now familiar seat.  It was strange speaking to a mere youth as one would a King or Ambassador, but such were the circumstances and Bristol spoke with the boy as he would any other dignified person.
“Come once more to supervise my actions?” sniffed the boy.  
Bristol smiled lightly, “I suppose you could call it that.  We wish not to interfere, but this institution could play an important role in the future of our world and the Lady wishes to know that things are progressing smoothly to the benefit of all.  It would be a tragedy to have your dream result in nothing but another cesspool of worthless information like the University.”  
Raye smiled thinly, “your confidence is underwhelming.”  
Bristol shook his head, “I do not doubt your intentions or your heart.  But I know how quickly great aspirations can fall far short if not scrupulously attended to.  I have great hopes for this institution of yours, for the world needs a purveyor of true knowledge.”  
Raye smiled, “I am glad to have your good wishes and we dearly hope not to disappoint, but the Brethren must remember that this is not Astoria and thus not under their control.  We will ask for your advice should we wish it, but your interference will not be appreciated.  We wish one day to rival Astoria in our ability to teach such a depth, breadth, and quality of knowledge but without the spiritual underpinnings.  The Master and his Truth are all well and good in themselves, but we are not here to make disciples but scholars.  We wish for free thought as well as wisdom.  I shall happily answer your questions and listen to your suggestions, but you are not to take any actions regarding the Academy without my direct permission.  Are we understood?”  
Bristol smiled, “I never wished nor expected it otherwise.  The Brethren are not here to subvert your plans; we only hope to assist you in them should you wish it.  May I ask how things progress?”  
Raye smiled proudly, “we already have over a hundred eager students.  We are scouring the world looking for real experts in a variety of subjects; we will not sell our professorships to the highest bidder nor allow anyone with unfounded theories to teach our classes.  Our teachers will be well versed in real knowledge else they will have no place here.”  
Bristol nodded, “I am happy to hear it.  What will your students do when they finish their course of study?”  
Raye shrugged, “that has yet to be determined, but I think an education such as ours will equip them to enter a variety of trades or to act as advisors to Kings and Merchants, among other things.  If they only become better citizens I think we will have been successful.  Many will probably go on to further study in hopes of one day finding a teaching position of their own.”
“What will be your official stance on the Brethren?” asked Bristol, “I know the University is not particularly friendly with us.”  
Raye sighed, “we have nothing against you and respect your knowledge and authority on many things.  We just wish for a less ‘religious’ approach to knowledge.  Your comrades are free to come and study here if they wish, just like any other person.  If one of you wishes to teach and we find them qualified they may do so, though we would ask that they leave all reference to the Master out of their lessons unless perhaps they are teaching a class specifically on the subject.  I do not mind particular classes on that sort of thing, but I will not have it sporadically thrown in no matter the subject.  The students should understand that knowledge can exist apart from such beliefs.  If they wish to pursue those beliefs on their own time, that is their choice.  I will not have them indoctrinated simply because they wish to learn.”  
Bristol chuckled, “I thank you for the clarification.  You seem convinced that we are all unwilling converts who sold our souls for a little knowledge.”  
Raye grew serious, “I saw what such teaching did to Geff and Kard.  They had promising careers ahead of them, but now their lives and minds are enslaved to the Brethren.”  
Bristol laughed once more, “we are not mindless slaves.  I would think you would have learned that by now.  We are willing servants and just because we serve the Master does not mean we have lost all of our sense or fail to use our wisdom and skills for the benefit of others.  Those boys have chosen to sacrifice their own ambitions to serve others, as have I.  We did so willingly and not without much thought.  We do not require anyone to take the Oath to learn in Astoria, they may stay as long as they like and have no requirement to join the Brethren.  Yes, many of our lessons are laced with references to the Master and the Truth, but that is the foundation upon which the whole world is built and through which all knowledge is interpreted.  Without the Master, there would be nothing at all and if there were it would be complete chaos.  We make no apology for teaching the Truth because it is the basis for all other wisdom: without it knowledge is vain.”  
“We shall agree to disagree then,” smiled Raye, almost sincerely “was there anything else you wished to discuss?”  
Bristol shook his head, “is there anything you wish me to convey to the Lady?”  
Raye answered in the negative as Bristol stood, bowed formally, and said, “I thank you for your time Lord Chancellor and I shall see you again at this time next week if it is convenient.”  Raye smiled and waved the man out.  Bristol made his way back to the palace to write his report to the Lady; she would not be pleased.

Tia sat patiently in the hall waiting upon Princess Kalyn’s convenience.  Finally a servant appeared and beckoned her into the girl’s presence.  She had not seen the girl for almost a year, since their little adventure had ended.  The girl had been a complete nuisance at home and her father was desperate enough for a solution that he agreed to allow her to accompany Tia on a journey that had taken them on a strange, twisting route and ended in Astoria.  There the girl had attended a few classes and spoken with the Lady a few times, but spent most of her time pursuing the boy called Raye.  The girl had always been a determined flirt and had once pursued Pallin to the extent that it required legal intervention to get her to drop her designs on the man.  
She had finally found herself an acceptable husband in Raye, who was now in charge of making the Academy a reality.  Tia was on a return journey to Astoria after completing her latest assignment and felt she should visit the girl before heading home.  It would be interesting to see what the girl had made of herself and her new position in life.  Her father was relieved simply to have her no longer a menace to every eligible man in the Kingdom!  Tia bowed herself into the lady’s presence with an appropriate amount of formality.  
“Are you come once more to watch my every action?” asked the girl lightly.  
Tia smiled, “this is simply a social visit.  I was riding through Arca and felt I must stop and give my greetings.  How are you?  Much has happened in the last year.”  
The girl smiled happily, “yes, I am finally married and the world may rest in peace until the next threat to international security should arise.  The Academy is already gaining quite a reputation and we are only in the very earliest phase of our plans.  I am so excited; it is nice to finally have a purpose in life.”  
Tia smiled, the girl had grown much.  She asked, “and what are your aspirations for this institution?”  
The girl glowed with pride, “we hope it will one day crush the University into dust or perhaps encourage it to become a more useful resource for learning.  One of my greatest hopes is that we will produce enough qualified individuals who can travel from village to village and teach youngsters what their parents cannot.  The children of the common folk are sorely lacking in more of an education than that which is required to survive in a village or on a farm.  I think all children should have access to a proper education.  If we can produce enough qualified teachers, we can influence the entire world.”  
Tia said, “centuries ago it was one of the duties of the Brethren to provide such an education to the world’s children.  We have not had the numbers in recent years to maintain such an influence, but you are right in saying it is something that must be attended to.”  
The girl laughed, “I think it good that your influence has waned, while your knowledge is no doubt of benefit, your beliefs may prove offensive to some and should not be intertwined in what you pass along to your students.  I think the Academy shall be the answer to that problem.  We shall teach wisdom without mingling it with superstition and myth.  Empowerment with true wisdom unhindered by moral and ethical conundrums will allow humanity to reach heights it has yet even to dream of.  I mean no disrespect to your quaint system of beliefs, but we are moving into an age where reason and knowledge will rule the day and blind faith will no longer be required to explain our lives and purposes.”  
Tia smiled sadly, “I applaud your efforts with this Academy of yours, but I fear that your pursuit of knowledge simply for the sake of knowledge could be disastrous.  All good things were created by the Master for our use and enjoyment, but without submission to Him, any and all of them can become corrupted and dangerous.  We have already seen this with the Legion of the Serpent and their pursuit of power and world conquest.  All things must be tempered by submission to some higher calling or code else they will consume us; we must be a servant to something whether it is power, knowledge, wealth, ourselves, or the Master.  I ask you to consider this as your plans reach fruition.”  
“Fascinating,” said Kalyn, “if I did not know better I would say you were jealous.  I know your fears, but you have no cause for alarm.  We mean the Academy to benefit all mankind, not to somehow enslave it.  I fear it is you and your comrades who are enslaved to this superstition of yours.  That is why we shall work to free others of such entanglements.  I bid you farewell.  Your myths have wearied me exceedingly.”  Tia bowed herself out and went in search of Bristol.
She found him busily writing up a lengthy letter.  He looked up at her knock and beckoned her in.  “Where are you headed?” asked he abruptly.  
She said, “I am returning to Astoria at once.  I only stopped to give my greetings to Kalyn.”  
Bristol smiled, “you are exactly what I was hoping for.  I have a letter that must reach the Lady immediately.  This Academy is going in a worrisome direction and the Lady must know.”  
Tia nodded, “I just finished speaking with Kalyn and our conversation has me greatly concerned.  I shall take your letter and leave at once.”  Bristol thanked her and quickly finished his letter.  Tia was off for Astoria as soon as the ink was dry.  At least they had plenty of warning this time.  

General Karly sat in his study smoking his pipe and buried under a stack of reports.  A servant knocked and a tall, skinny man bowed himself in.  “Yes?” asked the General, happy for an excuse to temporarily abandon his endless paperwork.  
“Sir,” said the visitor, “I am called Yarl and have come on business from the King of Arca.  You may perhaps have heard that they are currently constructing an institution called the Academy, which we hope will one day be the seat of learning for the entire world.  It is my duty to seek out experts in all fields who would be willing to teach at the Academy.  I have come here to ask after any experts you may know in the areas of martial skill, military tactics, and military history.”  
Karly eyed him speculatively and said, “any experts I currently have are needed here to teach my own men.  I am sorry but I have no one to spare.”  
The man looked disappointed but not surprised, “is there anyone you could suggest that might be able to help me?”  
Karly smiled, “why not go bother Pallin.  I am sure he might be able to assist you.”  “
Pallin?” asked the man.  
Karly smiled, “just ask the servant.”  He went back to his reports and the man was forced to withdraw or stand there indefinitely and be ignored.  
The servant was waiting patiently outside the door and Yarl said, “the General suggested I speak to someone called Pallin.”  
The servant set off without a word and Yarl was forced to follow or forever be lost in the bowels of the Citadel.  After a lengthy journey through the heart of the massive fortress, they came at last to a large hall in which a man stood lecturing two-dozen eager young men on some ancient battle.  Yarl waited patiently for the class to end and the students to finish with their questions before approaching the front of the room and the young man standing there.
“Can I help you?” asked Pallin of the stranger.  
“I am called Yarl and have come on business for the King of Arca.  The General thought you might be able to assist me.  I am recruiting experts to teach at the Academy and he claims he has none to spare.  I am currently looking for people to teach various martial skills, military tactics, and military history.  You seem to be a competent teacher, perhaps you would consider a change of position?”  
Pallin smiled ruefully, “is this Academy anything like the University?”  
The man blanched in horror and said, “no, it is to be what the University should have been.  The High Chancellor is seeking only the most capable experts to teach at his fine institution.”
Pallin laughed, “so that is what Raye is calling himself these days?  I wish him well in his little enterprise, but I cannot leave my current post without permission from the Lady.  That and I really have no interest in encountering Kalyn yet again.”  
The man looked aghast that Pallin spoke of his master and mistress in such familiar terms.  He cleared his throat and said, “I am sure this Lady of yours would be very happy to have a representative at the Academy.”  
Pallin said, “then you must ask her yourself.  I have no time for such foolish errands.  I am needed here.”  
The man looked irritated that Pallin was finding so little interest in an idea so glorious as the Academy.  He said, “where can I find this Lady of yours?  I am sure I can talk her into supporting my idea.”  
Pallin laughed, “I wish you well in your quest.  You shall find her in Astoria.  I bid you good day as my next class is starting soon.”  
“Astoria!” said the man, “You are one of the Brethren?”  He sighed, not thinking his master and mistress would be happy if he failed in his quest but not wanting to make the long journey to Astoria.  Certain views of the Brethren were not appreciated by the Academy, but they were also renowned for their knowledge and wisdom.  Perhaps Astoria would not be such a bad place to visit after all?  He thanked Pallin for his time and went in search of his horse.

After his final class, Pallin went in search of Karly.  The General grinned as he saw who his visitor was, “you are still here?  I thought you would already be on your way to Arca and its fabled Academy.”  
Pallin laughed, “I have no wish to go to such a place or do such a thing.  Nothing short of a direct order from the Lady can make me go thither.  Why did you fob the man off on me?  For all I know he is riding to Astoria as we speak.  I am not sure what the Lady will think of such a visitor.”  
“She has probably endured far worse than tedium,” said Karly, “at least he is not bothering me any longer.  You plan to continue your efforts here on my behalf?”  
Pallin smiled, “until the Lady sends me elsewhere, I am here to assist you.  I must say I am very impressed with your soldiers and your program.  It is far better than anything the Order ever dreamed of.”  
Karly smiled, he was very proud of his little army housed in the Citadel of Panmycea, the former headquarters of the now defunct Order of the Unicorn which had later become the Legion of the Serpent which was also extinct.  Karly said, “I could not have done it but for your assistance and that of the rest of your comrades.  I am hoping more education and more order will help prevent the disasters that destroyed our predecessors.  We must also cling strictly to our moral and ethical codes else we risk becoming what we hoped to destroy.”  
Pallin nodded, “I have no doubts as long as you are at the helm, but I wonder what will come of this group in a century or so.”  
“We will never live to see it,” said Karly, “but I hope it becomes what I intend it to be.”  
Pallin smiled grimly, “I may live to see it and I dearly hope it is all that you dream and more.  Else I will also live to clean up the mess.”  
Karly laughed, “I forget you Brethren tend to live a few centuries longer than the rest of us.  Just for your sake I shall do my best.”  
Pallin laughed as well, “I thank you very much for your efforts on my behalf.”


Chapter 2

 Colin rode quickly, eager to walk the grounds of Astoria once more: the first place he ever felt as if he truly belonged.  The guards upon the gate waved a greeting but otherwise did not hinder his passing.  He laughed joyously to himself at the sudden changes wrought in his life since taking his Oath.  Before he had been a sworn enemy, but now he was a trusted Brother and no one even bothered to question him as he rode into the heart of their city.  Of course they could tell by looking at him that he had not broken or revoked his Oath and thus was still numbered among them and therefore still to be trusted.  In the courtyard he removed Taragon’s tack and sent the valiant creature off on his own business.  What the unicorns did during their free hours no one knew, but when they were needed they were always there to faithfully serve their masters, even unto death.  
It was strange to think that his dearest companion and friend he had once thought a myth or perhaps just a glorified legend.  But the creatures were wise beyond knowing and faithful beyond understanding.  Colin did not know how he had ever gotten by without one.  He found two servants waiting, one took his saddlebags and the other waited to escort him to the Lady.  He found her in her habitual chamber where she received all but her largest audiences.  He bowed deeply upon entering the chamber and then went to one knee.  Such formality was not required, but he always felt somewhat awkward and deeply grateful to her.  He had killed her husband yet she had given him another chance at life.  He owed her his very soul, and as such he was deeply devoted to her.  Only the Master Himself received greater devotion and honor.
She took his formality in stride and bid him rise.  It was still very strange addressing the man who had slain Tristan, but he was a far different man than he had been that fateful day.  And with the Master’s strength she had been able to forgive Colin and also to go on with her duties.  
He rose and said, “Lady, I have returned from the errand on which you sent me.  I was able to track down four of my former colleagues and confront them about their empty souls and dire fates.  All listened and later fled.  I suppose I must count it as some success that none tried to kill me outright.  I have exhausted my resources and am unable to track down any more of these men.  It will not be by my previous knowledge that their locations will be found.  I pray that the seed I planted finds fertile soil and that these men see what a dead and hopeless purpose it is to which they have dedicated their lives.”  
“You have done well Colin,” said she, “far better than I ever imagined when I sent you on such a hopeless mission.  Only time will tell if your efforts shall yield fruit, but now it is up to the men themselves to make the final decision.  We have done all we can.  I have no immediate need for you to ride forth and I think it would be of benefit if you remained in Astoria for a time to rest and continue your learning.”  He bowed deeply and left her presence.  She watched him go, wondering how such a faithful heart could once have been so deeply corrupted by evil.  A servant knocked upon the door, interrupting her reverie.  
“Yes Angbar?” asked she.  
He bowed and said, “Lady, Tia has returned and asks to see you immediately.  She says she bears a letter of great import from Arca.”  
The Lady nodded and said, “admit her at once.”  
The man bowed and disappeared.  Soon Tia was standing before the Lady making her courtesies.  She wasted no time in handing Bristol’s letter to the Lady; her report could wait.  The Lady thanked her and read quickly through the letter.  Once she had finished she said, “and what news from Arca?”  
Tia said, “as I was passing through Arca on my way home I felt it my duty to stop and see Princess Kalyn.  I had a very disturbing conversation with her regarding her plans for this Academy.  It seems Bristol is also concerned though I only spoke with him briefly.”
The Lady said, “Bristol writes that the Academy wishes to teach knowledge separate from the Truth and the Master.  He says that the Academy is open to the Brethren teaching (if they are qualified) but they must refrain from mentioning anything regarding the Master or the Truth, save in a class specifically on the subject.  It seems the Lord Chancellor is concerned that the Brethren force indoctrination upon all who come hither simply to learn.  It is hoped that the Academy shall offer an alternative to this little problem where students can learn without fear of being influenced by others’ superstitions and beliefs.  What does the lady Kalyn say?”  
Tia said, “she has similar feelings and grew weary with my objections and dismissed me.  She also mentioned her hopes that one day they could create enough qualified teachers through the Academy’s efforts that they might travel from village to village teaching the children as once the Brethren did, except free of our myths and prejudices.”  
“Fascinating,” said the Lady, “our efforts on that front have failed miserably in the last two centuries.  Perhaps it is time to reinvigorate that part of our mission?  We have ignored the common folk for far too long, sufficing ourselves with a few teachers and musicians who entertain of an evening in a common room.  While the parents and masters of these youngsters are more than adequate to teach the basics of reading, farming, weaving, or other trades and basic skills, they lack the knowledge to teach history, Law, Truth, philosophy, and the like.  They are getting an education, but it is not as well rounded as it once was centuries ago.”  
Tia said, “Kalyn also spoke of a coming Age of Reason in which man would no longer need superstitions, as she claimed we believe, in order to prosper and get along.”  
The Lady nodded grimly, and almost prophetically said, “the Age of Reason is upon us and we must either redouble our efforts in teaching all aspects of knowledge and wisdom or fade into the background as a forgotten and archaic group of religious fanatics.  The time is coming when many will be vying for the hearts and minds of men; we must not be forgotten in the shuffle.  There are many who would deny or forget the Master if we let them.  We will not be silenced for fear of causing offense.  I will discuss this matter further with the Council of Six and we shall move forward to counteract the coming storm, lest we be forgotten in the maelstrom.”
Tia was just bowing herself out when a tall, skinny man was ushered in by a servant.  Angbar said, “Lady, this man claims some errand from the King of Arca.”  
The man made a minimal bow and said, “your Ladyship should be greatly honored to receive a guest of my important.  I am called Yarl and I bring great tidings from the King of Arca regarding the renowned Academy.  His servants are searching the world to find the best teachers possible to fill positions within this remarkable institution.  We wish to teach real knowledge and not the fluff that passes for wisdom at the University.  It was brought to my attention that certain of your subjects might be qualified to teach at our highly regarded institution.  It would be quite an honor to you should one of them be selected.  Of course there are limitations.  
We know that you are a peculiar people, who think themselves dedicated to this so-called Master of All.  You can practice your little religion however you wish in private, but it must not interfere with your teaching duties.  We do not wish to insult or offend those who do not believe as you.  We may one day offer a course on the subject and then you would be free to expound upon it at length, but until then we ask that you remain politely silent.  I ask permission to observe your subjects extensively and then if any of them impress me I shall refer them on to my master and mistress.  There was also a young man I encountered in Panmycea who has a gift for military history; he refused my offer without your consent but I am sure he would be happy to comply if you encouraged him.  His name was Pallin.”  The Lady could hardly contain a laugh at the impudence of the man and also at his complete ignorance in matters pertaining to Pallin and the Princess of Arca.
The Lady said, “Pallin is where he needs to be at the moment.  I cannot spare him for other errands or tasks.  And I do not think the lady Kalyn, and most especially her new husband, would much appreciate Pallin’s presence upon your campus.  I know that Pallin would most certainly regret such an occurrence.  The girl’s behavior towards him was abominable when they met in Thespia before the Battle of the Plains.  I will not have him subjected to such behavior again.  As for your request, you may observe my servants to your heart’s content, but they will not leave Astoria without my consent.  I will also not consent to them leaving under the stipulations that you have just presented me.  We cannot so easily lay aside our beliefs as you seem to think we can.  It is who and what we are.  We cannot treat the Master as some mad uncle that we would rather hide from public view and knowledge.  It is He to whom we have dedicated our lives and it is He that gives our lives purpose and direction.  My servants are knowledgeable and able teachers but I will not ask them to forsake their Oaths to teach at your renowned institution.  If you cannot accept them as they are, they will not go.  They will continue to teach here as they ever have done.  I bid you good day.”
  The man wanted to say something in reply but the dismissal was obvious and the servant standing at his elbow looked anxious to be out of the Lady’s presence.  He found the whole place confusing.  He had made a grand offer to this Lady of theirs and she had wanted to bargain as if he were a fishmonger in the marketplace!  To refuse such an honor was unthinkable, but perhaps once she had had a chance to think things over she would recant?  This thought encouraged him as he went in search of a class he could observe.
After the man had gone, the Lady asked Angbar to assemble the Council of Six.  The Six were representatives of the three major sects of the Brethren: the Teachers, the Philosophers, and the Warriors.  The Six advised her in various matters, but it was she alone who made decisions for the Brethren.  The fourth sect, the Messengers, reported directly to her and had no representation on the Council because each Messenger was an advisor to her in their own way.  They were the least specialized of any of her servants.  The Teachers and Philosophers excelled in the areas of knowledge, Truth, wisdom, Law, and lore.  The Philosophers gathered, recorded, and interpreted information.  The Teachers passed it on to others.  The Warriors were specialists in the arts of war, weapons, and defense.  It was their duty to defend others, pursue criminals, and advise and teach others in such things.  
While a Philosopher had to be able to defend themselves and others with a sword, it was not their duty to devise a plan to protect a city from an oncoming enemy.  A Warrior had to know the Law, the Truth, and many aspects of lore, but was not expected to advise a King on political matters pertaining to the finer points of some trade agreement in light of the Common Law.  The Messengers were expected to know and do all of that.  They were the most flexible of her servants and often received very strange and vital assignments in which all of their skills would be sorely tested.  Only the most talented and skilled of the Brethren were allowed to join the Messenger sect because only they had even a slight chance of surviving the deadly and puzzling missions they were wont to be sent upon.  Anyone less than the best would not long survive such quests and often, even the best never came home.  The Six were assembled and the Lady was soon deep in discussion with them as to the current and future situation and the Brethren’s role in it.

Yarl soon found a class to observe and was not disappointed; the man who was teaching it did so with a depth and breadth that surprised him.  It must have taken the man years of study to learn so much and to be able to relate it so well.  The only disappointing aspect was that he often spoke of the Master or the Truth and how it tied into everything he was speaking about.  Whoever thought the Master had anything to do with any of that?  The man had quite an imagination!  
The class was made up of a dozen assorted students.  Most were not yet twenty and wore one uniform, three wore a different uniform and appeared slightly older, but there were also two fully grown men in the room.  One man wore the same uniform as the teacher while the other was plainly dressed and seemed rather rumpled, as if he had just finished a long journey and had not yet had time to wash or rest.  A few students had questions and after their curiosity was satisfied the room emptied of all save the rumpled man, the teacher, and two of the older boys.  The rumpled man greeted the other three as if he had truly been gone for some time and was only just arrived.  They returned his greetings with enthusiasm.  Then they noticed the stranger still sharing the room with them.  
“May I be of assistance?” asked the teacher.  Yarl walked forward and introduced himself proudly.  The four did not seem impressed.  What was it with these Brethren?  Did they not properly understand the importance of the Academy and therefore his errand?  He then went on to explain his reasons for being in Astoria.  The boys looked on the brink of laughter.  The men just stared at him blankly.  
Yarl ignored both groups and said, “I would like to offer you a place among the teaching staff at the Academy.  You have a very impressive knowledge and it would be of great benefit to our students.”
Turin grinned and said, “your request honors me but the Lady must approve of such an assignment.  I have no say in the matter.”  
Yarl looked disappointed and said, “perhaps you can just switch your allegiance to us and then you may go wherever you like.  How much is she paying you?  We will double it.”  
The four exchanged a scandalized look but said nothing.  Colin said, “you have no idea what it is that you ask?”  
Yarl shook his head, “what is the difference between this little band of men and any other group dedicated to a common purpose or belief?  Why such incredulous looks at the thought of changing your allegiance, especially for better wages?”  
Turin laughed, “this is not a knitting circle where one can simply walk away and find another that serves better tea.  The Oath is not something to be taken lightly.  Our very lives are bound up in our service to the Master and to break or revoke that is a very serious matter indeed.  You cannot double whatever it is you think we earn, because we are not paid anything at all, save perhaps room and board.”  
Yarl stared at them as if they were mad, “you truly believe all that?”  
Colin laughed, “believe it?  We live it.  We are willing to lay down our lives to defend it.”  
Yarl smiled, “such dedication, but I am sure I can find some way to make you change your loyalties.”  
Kard spoke up, “and why would we want to transfer our loyalties to the University’s younger brother?  I have spent time at the University and most of what passes for knowledge there is a waste of air.”  Geff nodded in agreement.  
Yarl smiled broadly, “you both attended the University?  Then you know what a disaster it is.  The Academy was created to remedy all of the University’s failings and that is why I am roaming the world in search of excellent teachers.  You need not remain in Astoria out of desperation for knowledge, the Academy will succeed where the University has failed.  I am sure the High Chancellor will happily accept such promising students.”  
Geff exchanged a pained look with Kard and asked, “would this High Chancellor of yours be known as Raye in less formal circumstances?”  
Yarl looked scandalized at so frivolous and casual a use of the High Chancellor’s name but said, “yes, he is called that by those closest to him.”  
“I see,” said Geff, “he is a nice enough fellow, but I do not wish to attend any institution of which he is the head.”  
Kard nodded in agreement, “besides, we can no more leave Astoria without the Lady’s permission than they.”
Yarl looked surprised, “I had thought all may come and go as they please and that no one is required to take an Oath to stay and learn?”  
Geff tried to explain, “the younger students are free to go or stay as they please, but we are not numbered among the students.  We have already taken our Oath and are considered apprentices.  An apprentice has very little say in where they go or what they do until the Lady declares that they are no longer apprentices, and even after that we have little say in our own lives.  The students may go and attend your Academy if that is their wish; they are not bound as we are.”  
Yarl was now beginning to understand what each uniform meant.  He made a mental note not to bother with anyone in the uniforms worn by Geff and Kard: an apprentice was of no interest to him.  He hoped to gain a few teachers out of those in the uniform of the full Brethren like Turin.  The students held no interest for him, save perhaps in sending them on as students to the Academy, but he was not a recruiter of students but a hunter of teachers.  The man who found the best teachers would be greatly rewarded for his efforts.  Even with his brief experience, he was impressed by thsee Brethren, save for their insistence upon this Master nonsense.  He wondered if they still believed in Kerfluffle the Ogre!  He said, “I shall perhaps see you gentlemen around.”  He then walked away.  
The four exchanged amused glances but said nothing.  Kard excused himself, as he was to lead a patrol of the border that evening.  Geff was Turin’s apprentice and his schedule was mostly up to Turin.  Turin had nothing pressing for the rest of the evening so they went in search of supper and then spent the evening deep in conversation.  Colin still marveled at the fact that his dearest friends had witnessed him murder an even dearer friend and yet did not hold it against him; they truly were a strange and wonderful people!
Yarl attended the evening meal in the dining hall and tried to entertain himself by speaking with various students, apprentices, and Brethren in an effort to learn more about these peculiar people.  His only conclusion was that they must either be indoctrinated or mad.  Who believed in an obviously imaginary figure to such an extent that they were willing to risk their lives on the matter?  He had never met such a group of fanatics before.  They were obviously well learned, respectful, and polite but their dedication to such a cause was obviously a sign of delusion.  No wonder the High Chancellor wished to protect the Academy students from such things.  The worst part was that some part deep within Yarl longed to have such faith and surety and direction in his own life, but he was avidly dedicated to the Academy and his master and mistress and that should suffice, but somewhere a little voice cried out for something more.  He staunchly squashed the rebellious little thought and focused on his food.  
For several days thereafter, Yarl sat in on classes and observed the whole teaching process within the walls of Astoria.  He was quite impressed, but the Lady’s insistence that her people be allowed to speak their mind was unfathomable to him.  He had one more audience with her before he departed, perhaps she might yet see reason.  A servant led him into her presence and he made his minimal bow once more.  She gazed at him regally, as if she knew every thought and hidden sin.  He idly wondered if any man on Earth could be comfortable in the presence of such a woman; the Brethren certainly held her in a great deal of awe, but then what did one expect from fanatics?  He looked her straight in the eye, flinched, and stared at the wall above her shoulder as he spoke.  
He said, “your ladyship, I am quite impressed with your teaching staff in this rustic little attempt at a learning institution.  I am sure the High Chancellor and his Lady would be very happy to have them teach at the Academy, at least for a time, until we can find more qualified teachers who have a bit more, how shall we say…broadness of mind.  It is quite an honor for so many of your subjects to be offered a position in our fine institution, however if you wish them to take advantage of this highly advantageous offer I must insist that they not force their beliefs on others.”  
The Lady smiled blandly at the man and said, “we do not force our beliefs on anyone.  We simply tell them honestly of the Truth and the Master.  That you might not agree with our suppositions does not make them any less true.  How is it any different than you coming into my presence and declaring everything upon which the Brethren is founded a lie?  You have your ideas about things and we have ours.  I will not have my people pretend to believe something they do not just because you may find it offensive.  It concerns me that you find the minds of your students so weak or vulnerable that you feel you must protect them from any mention of something that you think may subvert their minds.  
Is it not the sign of a strong mind that it takes in ALL the information, analyzes it, and comes to a decision based upon a thorough exploration of the data rather than just a handpicked sampling that someone else deems ‘appropriate?’  If you ‘protect’ your students in such a way do you not hinder their development as thinking individuals?  Should they not have the chance to hear all of the information and come to their own conclusions (as you yourself have done)?  If your students are such that they need this type of ‘protection’ then I want my servants nowhere near your institution.  They had better return to the University and see what can be salvaged from that disaster.”
The man seemed stunned; he had never quite thought about it that way.  Every teacher must have some form of bias whether it was preferring orange to blue or cherries to apples, but they did not feel the need to protect their students from the smaller biases.  Why were the larger biases any different?  So what if they believed something he did not?  As long as it did not interfere with the integrity of the knowledge they passed on, what did it matter if they believed in the Master and he did not?  Would it not be better for the students to be exposed to more information rather than less?  
At the least, a challenge such as this might encourage discussion, reflection, and deeper thinking rather than simply absorbing knowledge and never using it.  The idea was gaining merit in his own mind, all that was left was to convince his master and mistress of the validity of the idea.  At the least, they needed many more teachers than they currently had (or were finding) and the Brethren could provide that until they could find enough elsewhere or produce their own.  It was no secret that the Brethren were renowned throughout the world as the source for knowledge, wisdom, Law, and lore.  He had seen their proficiency first hand.  He stood silently for a long time as all of this rolled through his mind and the Lady let him think.  
Finally he said, “I see your point, but it is not a decision that I can make.  It must come from my master but I am sure I can talk him into allowing your people to say whatever it is they feel they must.  As long as it does not interfere with the knowledge they are trying to pass on.”  
The Lady nodded, “of course.  Even here, the learning is not stifled by pontifications of that sort.  We do not hide who we are but neither do we force it upon others.  We simply say what we must and leave the rest to the student.  How many of my teachers are you asking for?”  
The man smiled enthusiastically and said, “I have assembled a list of fifteen individuals who should impress my master and mistress.  You need not send them all.”  He handed her the list and she said nothing as to his perceived kindness for not requiring all of the people on the list.  She scanned it quickly; he did have a knack for discovering her most talented teachers.  
She said, “if you can make the arrangements with your master that you mentioned, then I will send those upon this list whom I can spare.  I will even send a few apprentices, who will go to your Academy as students, if that will help ease your master’s fears.  If my students can be exposed to your ideas without harm, then yours should be able to handle a similar situation.”  
The man said, “I shall ride to Arca immediately and send word the moment I have my master’s blessing.  Once word reaches you, I ask that you send those requested as soon as may be.”  The Lady nodded, he made a slightly more formal bow, and went in search of his horse.  
She wondered what would come of this peculiar situation.  She marveled at Raye’s fears that their beliefs might somehow corrupt his own precious students.  The boy had spent enough time among the Brethren to know better than that.  She sighed at the strange direction the world seemed to be taking, but could not spare another moment for idle reflections as Angbar was escorting in a delegation from Ithalia that wished to speak with her.  She resumed her placid smile and prepared to face her guests.  

Yarl rode quickly home, hoping his journey was not a waste of time, else he would be behind in his recruitment efforts and that would not please either himself or his master.  The journey was uneventful and he took only time enough to clean up and change before presenting himself before the High Chancellor.  
The Chancellor smiled at his most faithful servant and said, “what news do you bring?  It is either very good or bad to bring you home early and in such haste.”  
Yarl rose from his deep bow and said, “my lord, I do not yet know whether my tidings are ill news or good.  I have recently come from Astoria.”  
“Astoria?” asked Raye, “I thought I had sent you to Panmycea and the Southern Kingdoms.”  
Yarl grinned sheepishly, “I went first to Panmycea, but the General claimed to have no one he could personally spare.  He then sent me to see a man called Pallin, who I was able to observe teaching a class on military history.  It was quite impressive and I wished to send him hither, but he refused unless so ordered by some Lady or other.  Intrigued, I then rode to Astoria to learn more of these fanatics who call themselves the Brethren.  I was highly impressed by their knowledge and skills, though their beliefs are a bit odd it does not interfere with their ability to pass on knowledge.  I gave a list of qualified teachers to their Lady, but she refused to allow any of her people to come to the Academy unless we let them teach as they see fit.  They will not come unless there are no restrictions upon them saying whatever it is they wish.  At first I was appalled that she would balk at such an honor for so trifling a detail, but then I remembered how firm they are in their beliefs.  
She then challenged me, saying that to ‘protect’ our students from such ‘knowledge’ and not letting them decide for themselves stunts their minds and their learning.  If we hide knowledge (no matter how silly), will it not just make it more exciting to discover?  Should we not allow these Brethren to present their views and let the students decide for themselves?  You and I both went to that strange city and did not come away fanatics.  Do we wish to encourage the sort of students to come here that need such protection?  I think we should let the Brethren come and teach as they wish.  If their preaching gets in the way of their teaching we can always dismiss them.  We are in desperate need of qualified teachers and we are finding very few though we scour the world.  Let us use these Brethren, at least long enough to find less indoctrinated individuals or even produce our own.  The Lady also says she is willing to send a few apprentices to study at the Academy if you wish it, if only to show she is not worried that our ways will negatively influence her students.”
The Chancellor smiled at his servant, “a well thought out and defended argument.  I just fear that the Academy shall become a southern Astoria.  At the University, the classes taught by the Brethren were by far the best-attended and most popular, but then no one else was even half as talented in their teaching abilities.  Our goal is to provide a plethora of such individuals and thus surpass the University in all areas of knowledge and teaching.  A few Brethren would greatly enhance our teaching abilities and they could be replaced as we find qualified people.  Also, if we have enough other teachers, their quaint beliefs will soon be lost in a sea of knowledge and other voices.  She is willing to send a few of her apprentices to allay my fears is she?  That is an amusing thought!  Send the Lady a pigeon; let her teachers come!  I also wish to see what we can make of these youths she is willing to send; perhaps we can win them over to the side of reason!”  Yarl bowed deeply and went in search of pen and ink to write his note.  
The Lady Kalyn entered as the servant was leaving and was nearly trampled in his haste.  The Chancellor rose and bowed formally to his wife.  She said, “why has Yarl come back so soon and what is his hurry?”  
Raye smiled eagerly, “he has just found us several new and highly qualified teachers.  If all goes according to plan, we shall be well on our way to meeting or even exceeding our goals for the year.  The only drawback is that he just came from Astoria.  I know we agreed not to allow the Brethren to teach if they insisted upon clinging to their beliefs, but we are in desperate need of teachers and they are a wellspring of knowledge and wisdom.  It seemed a waste to let such wisdom remain ever in the keeping of these antiquated scholars.  Our students do not need ‘protection’ from such thoughts.  Let them hear and in hearing dismiss it for the folly it is.  And then let us benefit from the scholarship of the Brethren.  We will dismiss them when we have enough teachers and have absorbed all the knowledge they have to give.”  
She shared his eager smile, “I think I like this new plan though I suggest you ask me first before making such a move in the future.”  He nodded meekly.


Chapter 3

The pigeon arrived in Astoria and the Lady was not sure whether she dreaded or welcomed the bird and its message.  It seemed permission had been granted for the Brethren to speak as they always did without fear of reprisal.  She could not spare fifteen of her best teachers, but she thought half a dozen would be a sufficient start.  She could always send more in the future.  They were also beginning efforts to train more traveling teachers who could remain for a time in one area instructing the locals (young and old alike).  The traditional teachers, storytellers, and musicians traveled from place to place and never stayed long in one area, these more stationary teachers would be a more permanent member of the local community and would educate those willing to learn in all aspects of knowledge and lore.  Such had been a mainstay of the Brethren’s function at various times in the past, but that aspect atrophied whenever the world became unstable and more of their efforts were needed in maintaining the peace, rather than in teaching the common folk.  
The world was again drifting towards relative peace and the Brethren could again focus their attention and energy on educating one and all, rather than simply providing a night’s entertainment and some interesting tidbits to muse upon.  The Six had found it an agreeable response to the changing atmosphere of the world, and the Lady felt it high time they resumed this once vital duty, much neglected of late.  Her predecessor had shaken the Brethren out of their contented reclusiveness and had made them again a recognized force in the world.  Now it was her turn to restore them to one of their long forgotten though traditional roles.  She began reading over the list and tried to decide whom to send on this equally important mission.
She found three Teachers and two Philosophers to send, but she also felt she needed a Messenger in the group, and as Turin’s name was on the list it was he to whom the duty fell.  She also selected a couple of apprentices, sending Kard along with Geff and Turin would round out the group nicely.  She would send Colin to the University just to see what was passing there; it had been some time since she had had time or interest to spare for that institution, but such were the times.  She broke the news to the Teachers and Philosophers and they seemed eager to partake in the experience.  After they had been dismissed she called for Kard, Geff, Colin, and Turin.  They bowed formally and entered the chamber.  
She smiled warmly at each of them and then began, “you have probably all heard rumors of the Academy and you undoubtedly encountered our rather odd guest a few weeks ago.  He asked that I send some of the Brethren to teach at his institution, but I refused because they would not be allowed to speak freely.  There was some fear that we might be a negative influence on weak minds or something of the sort.  That restriction has been removed and I now feel confident in sending a small delegation to see what will come of this little experiment.  Turin, you and five others will be teaching at the Academy.  Kard and Geff shall go along, but are to enroll as students.  Colin, I need to know what is happening at the University with the advent of the Academy and that will be your destination.  Any questions?”  
Kard asked meekly, “Lady, what are Geff and I to do as students?”  
She smiled, “I know you would rather stay here and learn, but I promised to send a few of my students along just to show we do not fear their ways and they should not fear ours.  There will be at least six highly qualified teachers about the place so I do not worry about your education, but I also need someone among the students to see how things are going with them.  You may also be a positive influence in their lives during these tumultuous times of unreason.  Turin shall oversee both of you for the time being.”  
Turin smiled, “two apprentices and a full teaching schedule?  I shall be very busy but perhaps they can help me with my paperwork.”  
“Any further questions?” asked she, as both boys groaned simultaneously at Turin’s jest.  They shook their heads.  “Good,” the Lady continued, “may the Master ride with you.”  They bowed themselves out of her presence.
As they made their way down the corridor, Turin said, “I hope this place is not as bad as what I have heard about the University.”  
Geff and Kard laughed, “nothing can be that bad.  Raye knows enough of its faults not to make the same mistakes, though with Raye as High Chancellor there may be other things that are rather backward.”  
Colin said, “I had little to do with the University project in my former life, but it seems it succeeded admirably in fomenting nonsense.  I am not sure I look forward to visiting it first hand, but it shall at least be interesting to see what happens there now that the Brotherhood’s influence has waned.”  
The following morning, the nine Brethren and their mounts stood in the courtyard making their final preparations for departure.  The Lady came out to bid them farewell.  She said, “I know this is a strange mission upon which I send you, but this place may one day have a great influence upon the young minds of the world and I wish to see that it is a positive one.  May the Master ride with you!”  She raised her hand in farewell as they rode through the open gate.  
They had fair weather as the road took them steadily south and east; they traveled as swiftly as only a party mounted upon unicorns could.  As they rode through Syre, Colin turned aside to seek out the University in the capital city of Dara.  The rest continued towards Arca.  Geff was not sure how he felt about being a student again, he hoped this time around would be better than all the time he had wasted at the University.  At long last they entered the city of Arca and made their way towards the Academy, which had been built on the far side of the city from where they now found themselves.  
As they rode onwards, Turin said to Geff and Kard, “I do not know what we shall find when we reach the Academy, but I expect both of you to obey the rules and be on your best behavior.  They will probably be much stricter here than at the University and maybe even more so than Astoria.”  The boys exchanged worried looks; they had thought Astoria was about as strict as such things could possibly get.  Turin continued, “you both knew Raye as a fellow student before all this came about, but as far as you are concerned he is the High Chancellor and is to be treated with all due respect.”  Kard and Geff snickered at this but Turin’s stern frown cut their laughter short; both sobered quickly.  Turin said, “the Lady is depending on you to do your job.  If you cannot handle that I will send you both home immediately.  Understood?”  
The boys nodded together and said, “yes, sir.”  
Turin smiled, losing some of his gruffness, “good.  I have no doubt in your ability to handle this mission though it will be extremely awkward at times.”
By now they had arrived at the great wall encircling the campus.  At the front gate stood four guards, who looked like they did not suffer fools lightly.  They eyed the eight armed Brethren skeptically as they approached.  Turin rode to the head of the party and presented a copy of his orders.  One of the guards took it and began to read; shortly a servant was sent running towards the great building just visible through the bars of the gates.  They waited patiently for the reply.  Yarl and the servant came back quickly, the servant almost running to keep up.  His excitement turned to disappointment as he counted eight people, two of which were obviously boys.  He had been hoping for at least a dozen, but it was better than nothing.  Perhaps more would come later.  
He came out to speak with them and offered a polite bow, which everyone returned.  He said, “welcome to the famed Academy of Arca.  I am honored by your presence.  I assume six of you are come to teach?”  
Turin nodded, “we six shall assist you as we may.  The boys have come to study.”  
Yarl said, “very well.  If the teachers shall follow me please and the boys may go with the servant.”  The six elder Brethren dismounted and followed Yarl into the compound.  The guards eyed their swords but let them pass.  
As the boys tried to follow, the guards blocked their way.  The servant rushed out and said, “students are not allowed to go about armed.  You must surrender your weapons to the guards.  Your horses will also not be housed on campus unless you agree that they are available for common use during riding lessons and for other tasks.  Otherwise I suggest you find somewhere in town to board them or sell them.”  
The boys exchanged a look, but quickly unsaddled their mounts and turned them loose.  The servant looked at them in astonishment but said nothing over this odd turn of events, knowing the Brethren were considered quite peculiar by most folk of his acquaintance.  They handed their weapons over to the guards and an empty corner was found in which they could stow their tack.  They then followed the anxious servant into the far wing of the ominous building that rose before them.
They were left in a small chamber to await the Mistress of Student Affairs.  After what seemed years, a huge woman entered the tiny chamber and seemed to fill half of it.  Her manner spoke of a strictness that made the Lady seem frivolous by comparison.  They offered as much of a bow as they could in the confined space.  She glared at them and began, as if by rote, “once enrolled as students in the Academy you are expected to obey immediately, work hard, and learn quickly for the duration of your stay.  Nonsense and pranks are absolutely forbidden and will be punished immediately with banishment.  You are to be extremely respectful of all staff and faculty and most especially of our esteemed High Chancellor; disrespect will be treated the same as any other misbehavior.  Your rooms and uniforms must be kept clean and in good order.  Chores must be completed efficiently and properly.  If you must ask a question of one of our most honorable professors, it must be done during the proper hour after lessons have been finished for the day.  Do you understand?”  
“Yes Mistress,” said the terrified boys in unison.  
She smiled coldly, “good.  Then we shall see about finding you rooms and uniforms.  Follow me.”  They walked as far behind her as they could without being thought to lag.  They entered a hallway and came to another small room with a harried looking man behind a small table with a pile of black robes behind him.  “Uniforms for two new students,” said the woman briskly.  The man looked them over briefly, fished several folded robes out of his stack, and handed them to the boys.  The woman turned away without another word and the man went back to whatever task she had interrupted with her arrival.  The boys hurried after.  
They climbed several flights of stairs and hastened through winding corridors until at last they came to a hall containing any number of doors.  The woman walked to the very end of the hall, knocked three times on the door, and flung it open.  Two boys in black robes stood at attention in front of their beds.  The room contained two bunks, each with two beds, four trunks stacked against the far wall, a washstand and pitcher, and little else.  She barked, “this shall be your room for the duration of your stay.  Your roommates will be happy to assist in orienting you to life on campus.  Your classes start immediately after breakfast on the morrow.”  She pushed the boys in and shut the door behind them.
The two boys who already occupied the room eyed them speculatively but said nothing.  It seemed idle talk was another thing not encouraged on campus.  Geff introduced himself and Kard.  The other two said nothing.  Geff said, “I am sorry to trouble you but we are just arrived and have no idea how things work around here.  Is it too much of an inconvenience if we ask a few questions?”  The boys remained silent.  
Kard asked, “why will you not speak?”  
The boys exchanged a worried glance and one whispered, “you must lower your voice else they may kick us all out of here.  The Mistress does not like too much noise.”  
“Sorry,” whispered Geff, “we had no idea.  What else can get us in trouble that we might not think of?”  
The boys rattled off quite an extensive list.  They then went on to outline life at the Academy.  It seemed every moment was scheduled and filled with meals, chores, sleeping, or lessons.  There was little time for anything else, including mischief.  There were no curious questions asked of the newcomers, just the absolute basics and nothing more.  Was Raye completely opposed to anyone having their own personality?  The two boys looked stricken; only then did Geff realize he had spoken aloud.  
Geff smiled, “I am sorry about that.  It will take a little practice before I remember to call the High Chancellor by his proper title.  I knew him long before all of this.  Is there some rule against getting to know one another?”  
One of the boys said, “there is no official rule but it is discouraged because it distracts us from our studies.  What purpose is there in trivial relationships anyway?  If it is not practical, why waste time or energy on it?”  
“I see,” said Geff with a sinking heart; he was not going to enjoy this at all.

The new Professors had it a little easier than the students.  Each had their own room and their mounts were properly stabled.  Interpersonal interaction was not completely forbidden among the teaching staff and they were allowed to wear their weapons if they wished.  Their robes also contained a miniscule amount of color, just enough to differentiate each person’s area of specialty.  Turin was not happy about having to wear the silly hat; he was not fond of anything save a helmet on his head.  They had just time enough to brief Yarl on their teaching preferences, to get a brief introduction to life at the Academy and the Academy’s expectations of them, and then to change and freshen up before supper.  
Precisely on the hour they filed into the dining hall with their fellow Professors, around twenty in all.  They stood ceremoniously behind the long table at the head of the room.  The students then filed in like so many ranks of highly drilled soldiers and stood beside their places at the tables that filled the balance of the room.  The Mistress of Student Affairs and other important administrators filed in last and were seated.  The faculty bowed as the administration passed and then took their seats.  The students bowed to all and sundry and took their seats.  Dinner was carried out in almost absolute silence.  Everyone cleaned their plate and no one dared chew with their mouth open.  At the appointed time, everyone stood and took their dishes to the specified area.  Those assigned kitchen duty whisked the used dishes into the kitchen and began the long process of cleaning up.  The rest filed silently back to their rooms or to other chores.  
The faculty retired to their wing of the building and chatted quietly, worked on the morrow’s lessons, read, or wrote.  The six Brethren gathered in Turin’s room, though it was quite cramped, no one complained, at least about the tight fit.  
“I am not sure I am going to like this place,” said Emilia with a sigh, one of the Teachers.  
“I know I am not,” said Turin, “this place makes Panmycea under the Order’s control look cheerful.  We must endure as best we can until the Lady sends us elsewhere, until then, we must try to infuse a little joy into these macabre surroundings.”  
“What is the theory behind sucking all the life out of a place of learning?” asked another.  
Emilia said, “I suppose they think joy and merriment are a distraction they cannot afford.  If the students are not preoccupied with mischief, perhaps they can learn better?”  They all laughed at that.  The atmosphere was enough to deaden anyone’s heart and mind, which was not conducive to learning or anything else.  
Turin said, “if you think it is appalling for us, can you imagine what these poor students endure on a daily basis?”

Geff and Kard retired to their room.  Their timid roommates were off doing chores.  Geff asked, “what have we gotten ourselves into?”  
Kard said, “this place has the most depressing atmosphere I’ve ever encountered.  Prison must be better!  Who chooses to be here of their own accord?”  
Geff said gloomily, “how are we going to get through this?”  
Kard smiled, “the same as everything else: one day at a time.”  
Geff laughed, “I will not stop smiling even if they do kick me out.  I actually hope they do, but the Lady and Turin would not be pleased.”  They shared an amused laugh and looked guiltily about hoping no one heard.  
After supper in Astoria, the students would get together and talk, listen to someone sing or tell a story, or play some sort of game.  Here it seemed that if you were not busy with something else you remained quietly in your room meditating on what you had learned that day.  Both boys were very interested to know what classes were like.  They must be wonderful, else none of these boys would have the heart to stay in this place long.  Promptly at curfew, their roommates returned, dressed for bed, and blew out the candles.  Geff was not yet ready for bed and Kard was only half finished washing his face.  It seemed there was no respect for others if they were the least bit tardy.  Geff and Kard were used to strict rules, schedules, and tough classes, but nothing compared to this.  In Astoria there was always a sense of joy, shared mirth, hope, laughter, music, a good conversation, friendship, and all those things that seemed foreign and strange in this dismal place.  Geff lay awake staring into the darkness, trying to remember what it was like to laugh without fear of reprisal.
A great clanging gong rang early the next morning ere the sky even hinted of morning, save a lighter shade of blackish grey along the eastern horizon.  The two boys rose immediately and began their morning ablutions.  They dressed quickly and all four were promptly assembled outside on the lawn with the other students in orderly rows.  The Professors then joined them in a separate row facing them.  There was just enough light to make out the shadowed features of each face as the High Chancellor came for his morning inspection.  As if on cue, everyone bowed deeply and began some dirge-like ditty extolling the virtues of the Academy, education, and the High Chancellor.  After the mournful song, silence reigned until the Chancellor said, “another beautiful day of learning awaits us.  I declare this day begun.”  They all bowed deeply and the Chancellor walked off.  
Kard exchanged a look with Geff that said things could not get much worse.  Breakfast was the same as dinner: a cheerless meal of equally tasteless though nourishing food.  After breakfast, the students filed off quickly for chores or classes.  The Mistress of Student Affairs found them at breakfast and gave them their class and chore schedule.  She watched them to see if they would react at all to her tidings, but both by now had long practice in controlling their emotions and facial features.  
Their class schedule was disappointing but Geff said, “thank you Mistress for the expedient delivery of our schedule and your trouble in assembling it.”  The Mistress actually looked somewhat pleased as she stalked off.  
The classes offered by the Academy were a strange mishmash as they desperately scrambled to assemble teachers.  They currently offered classes in whatever they had people qualified to teach.  The goal was one day to offer an extensive selection of valuable and practical topics, but right now selection was very limited.  Geff had a class on pottery appreciation while Kard found himself assigned to an introductory sewing class.  While these might be interesting, they were not exactly useful to their future pursuits.  It seemed that the senior ranking students received first pick and the newcomers like Geff and Kard just got whatever was left.  They both had a riding class and a swordsmanship class, as unlike the University, the Academy believed such skills were useful and often needful in the current state of the world.  The University believed such pursuits were philosophically unnecessary, if not morally wrong. 
They made their way towards their first class, which was happily in equitation, however they were dismayed to see that their choice of mounts was very limited.  Most of the students had come on foot or borrowed a retired plow horse.  It had been awhile since they had ridden anything but a unicorn so it was a good refresher to remember that one must actually use the reins, your heels, and your knees to guide a normal horse.  One’s unicorn knew instinctively what you wanted of them, and if they did not quite understand, a slight cue from the rein or shifting of your weight in the saddle accomplished amazing feats of horsemanship.  The instructor did not understand how her newest pupils went from simply sitting their horses and not seeming able to get them to do anything to suddenly putting them through their paces like seasoned horsemen.  
After horsemanship, they went to visit the Master at Arms for a lesson with the sword.  The boys were well versed in the use of a long, straight blade and demonstrated their skill to the Master.  He then wished to see if these novice warriors could handle a broadsword or a curved blade.  This was completely new to both of them.  They had practiced facing off against someone wielding different blades, but had never tried it themselves.  They actually found this part of their education interesting.  During the last period before lunch they were assigned to muck out the stable, which they did with a good will.  The morning passed rather pleasantly, but the noon meal was as dismal as the two meals before it.
After lunch, each went to his respective art class and then met again during an introduction to practical botany.  That class was actually far better than either of them had hoped because it dealt with practical uses for plants rather than an extensive listing and categorization of countless thousands of individual species.  Somehow they were able to qualify for a history class with Turin, which was the best class of the day.  After the last period there was an hour during which the Professors were available to answer questions.  The boys had hoped to speak with one of their elder colleagues, but the number of students wishing to do likewise was astounding.  Since their questions were not related to the day’s lessons, they decided to wait and try to speak with them later.  They really had nothing important to say, they just wanted to speak with someone who actually relished a good conversation.  After the evening meal it was their turn to wash up and then it was off to bed.  Life continued in this vein for many weeks; the only variation was in their class and chore schedule.  


Chapter 4

Colin rode on alone after he had parted from the others.  It had been a long time since he had been in this part of Syre, but the journey to the University was uneventfully made.  Knowing their feelings on horses, he dismissed Taragon and approached the University on foot.  He was not about to leave his sword behind, however.  He found the place exactly as described in all the tales he had ever heard of the colorful institution.  Students zipped about in a flurry of multicolored robes like a cloud of startled butterflies.  His sword drew some odd looks, but no one said anything, it was not their place to disagree with someone if he thought violence was a necessary part of life, but hoped they could influence him into pacifism with time.  
Some inquiry led him to a little hut in which lurked the man in charge of visitors and potential students.  He gave Colin’s sword a distasteful look but again, nothing was said.  He happily gave Colin permission to wander about campus and stay for as long as he liked.  He even tossed Colin a robe under which to hide his offensive weapon.  Colin smiled his thanks and bowed politely before going.  The man smiled gratefully at his formality, for traditional forms of etiquette were not often observed in a place so enlightened as this.  Colin sat through any number of tedious lectures on things of no import or use.  The Brotherhood had outdone themselves with this one.  He had never before seen such foolishness so highly regarded.  He interviewed several students about conditions on campus and if anything had much changed in the last year or two.  Most had not even heard of the Battle of the Plain so could not help him in understanding what had changed since.
After dinner he attended the now infamous debate upon the lawn.  The students used often confusing and seldom logical arguments to reach some conclusion about the proper use of horses in society.  Were they friends, slaves, pets, or relatives?  Did they exist at all?  Colin shook his head at such thoughts, what these boys needed was a good dose of reality.  Only those who were sheltered from real danger, pain, hunger, poverty, or despair could spend their time discussing such frivolities.  Real people were too busy simply trying to survive to waste even a moment on such thoughts.  After breakfast, he sought out several professors but none were really interested in talking.  It seemed their only reason for existing was to speak and have students hang on their every word.  
After his futile attempts to speak with someone in charge (or at least fully grown) he went to another lecture.  He had heard tales of the antipathy with which many of the professors treated the topic of the Brethren and this lecture was his chance to experience it first hand.  He spent a good hour listening to a long list of rants and complaints directed towards his colleagues and he struggled to keep from laughing.  That list was not far from his own thoughts on the topic in former days.  After the class he waited patiently while a queue of students asked their questions.  Finally, the last student vanished out the door and Colin had the man to himself.  
He said, “quite a fascinating lecture really.  I have had similar thoughts.  May I ask where you have gathered your information; it is a subject that never fails to fascinate me.”  
The man looked about furtively before saying, “a fellow scholar in this matter can always speak with me.  Come, we shall share a cup of tea in my quarters.”  They walked amicably across campus and came to the man’s small room.  Soon enough a piping cup of tea sat before each man as the professor began, “from whence springs your curiosity on these matters?”  
Colin smiled, “I guess you could call it professional curiosity.  At one time I found my greatest joy in opposing them.”  
The professor’s eyes narrowed, “at one time?”  
Colin smiled reassuringly, “it has been some little time since I have had the chance to vent my spleen upon them.  There has been a change in circumstances and geography, if you understand me.”  
The man nodded, thinking that he did.  The professor continued, “there are others who share our dislike of such things.  We meet regularly to share our insights.”  
“Fascinating,” said Colin, “I would love to meet them.  But I am sure they are wary of outsiders and that your meetings are only for the privileged few.”  
The professor smiled conspiratorially, “we are always looking for new members to add their wisdom to our discussions.  Do you know much about the topic?”  
Colin smiled eagerly, “I am something of an expert in such matters.”  
The professor grinned, “then perhaps tonight will be a very enjoyable evening for all.  You must wear a hooded cloak.  We are an amiable group though we tend to enjoy our privacy.”  
Colin nodded, “of course.  Is there anything else I should know?”  
The man shook his head and said, “I will meet you on the western edge of campus right after supper while the fools debate on the lawn.  Bring your cloak and do not be late.”  
“I look forward to it,” said Colin happily.  He was not sure what he had just volunteered for but it would at least prove interesting.  Even if it turned out to be nothing more than a gathering of disgruntled professors it would prove a fascinating evening, but Colin wondered if there were not something more sinister at work.
For the rest of the day, he found himself a cloak as specified and then napped, not knowing how much sleep he would get that night.  He waited at the appointed spot at the appropriate time and his guide soon arrived.  They walked out of sight of the campus and donned their mysterious garments.  Colin had called Taragon into the immediate vicinity, just in case this turned out to be more than he could handle alone.  Unicorns were much more useful and dependable than those dratted lurkers ever had been; they also offered much in the way of companionship upon the many lonely roads the Brethren were wont to travel.  They walked steadily into the vast grove behind the campus and within half an hour found themselves in a little clearing with a cheery fire burning brightly with several rocks, logs, and broken chairs drawn up around it.  Three cloaked figures already waited and two more approached out of the gathering dusk.  In all, eight men eventually gathered for the evening’s discussion.  All were safely anonymous and no one remarked on the presence of the visitor, as they were not exactly sure if he was actually a new member of the group or an old colleague.  
The tallest of those gathered around the fire said, “welcome Friends of the Night.  So it is that we are gathered together again.  We come from all walks of life but gather together on such nights to discuss our common bond: a hatred of all who oppose sense, reason, and progress, most especially the Brethren.  As I am sure most of you know, the University has failed dismally to have any sort of impact upon the world at large, save to make itself a laughingstock among those who know it for what it is.  I, however, am happy to say that the Academy is off to a beautiful start in rectifying the University’s mistakes.  Several of the Brethren are actually teaching there as we speak.”  
Gasps of shock and outrage sounded among those listening.  The man continued, “but do not despair.  Their knowledge is valuable even if their beliefs are irritating.  It was thought that keeping the Academy ideologically neutral would be the proper way to approach things, but the Lady of Astoria would not allow her precious servants abroad without some guarantee that they would be allowed to pontificate at will.  This regrettable circumstance does give us an opportunity however to expose them for what they are.  Instead of remaining in ignorance, our students will now get just enough of a dose of their ideologies to remain safely skeptical and we shall carefully assist in the dissemination of the real truth about these charlatans.  If one ideology is allowed on campus, all must be.  It will be amusing to see which one wins the day.”
There was much discussion as to the repercussions of these revelations and much enthusiasm about the plans that were already set in motion.  The next question was what to do about the University itself.  It was a completely useless institution and as things were going, it would soon be in great danger of extinction, especially if the Academy kept growing at its current rate.  There were some murmurs of regret, obviously from people whose livelihood depended on the institution, but there were also a few happier noises from those who found the whole concept a waste of time. 
 “Well dear friends,” said the speaker once more, “it is time to retire for the evening.  I bid you all pleasant plotting against our mutual enemies.  Until our next meeting, farewell.”  They all withdrew in different directions and each took a twisting path out of the woods and back to their own dwellings.  
Once they were safely out of the woods, the professor said, “what do you think?”  
Colin said, “quite interesting and here I thought it was just a group that got together to complain about the status quo.  It is almost refreshing to meet people intent on pursuing a viable solution rather than just sitting around and griping about it.  The leader spoke as if he had some ties to the Academy, and there seemed to be others of similar mind working to reach the group’s goals.”  
The professor smiled, “you have a quick mind.  I think you will be of great value to our plans in future.  Perhaps I shall introduce you to our leader one day.  There are those within the Academy that share our feelings and will do their best to see that things are done to our mutual satisfaction.  I fear I cannot tell you more since you are not yet an official member of our little group.”
“An official member?” asked Colin curiously, “I thought this was just an anonymous meeting of friends with a common interest.”  
The man laughed, “those of us who form the core of the group know very well the identity of each man who attends.  It is only for the nonmembers and unobserved passersby that we maintain the illusion of secrecy.  We also share little information of true value with those not belonging officially to the group.  To know more you must join us.”  
“Who exactly is ‘us?’  I really have no wish to get involved with anything illegal,” said Colin.  
The other man laughed, “it seems you have a conscience.  Men of learning need no such inconvenience; they are above such things.  But fear not, we do nothing that can be construed as ‘illegal,’ as it is done for the common good.  We are not as deeply involved as those overseeing and coordinating the overall plan.  We are only on the very first rung of a great and mighty ladder whose top ascends to ultimate power.”  
Colin did not need to hear any more to know of what his companion was speaking; he had lived it once himself.  These men were dabbling in the shallows of a great sea of evil that could sweep them away into darkness and depths unfathomable like a riptide.  They had not yet reached the point where they must conduct the vile rites that would dedicate their very souls to the darkness; that was why he could not sense the pall of evil that hung around all of his former comrades.  
“How high on this ladder of yours are you planning to go?” asked Colin cautiously.  
The man looked thoughtful and said, “as high as I can.  The University is failing and my own future looks grim, but among the Friends of the Night, I have position and power with ample opportunity to gain more.  I think soon, very soon, I shall take the first and hardest step.  You could join me.  We are always looking for men of skill and wisdom.”
Colin shook his head, “I need more time to think it over.  I cannot make such a decision after one night.”  
The man nodded, “I understand your hesitation.  It seems strange and intimidating at first, but soon it becomes more seductive than you can imagine.  You must choose quickly or this chance may be lost forever.  The University is failing and each day there are fewer and fewer students.  Our financial resources are drying up as professors leave after seeing their own relative importance dwindle.  There is little more that can be done here, save to jump from the sinking wreckage and swim for more promising shores.  You have three days before we leave this place for good.  I will happily speak with you in the time we have left.”  
Colin nodded his thanks and retired to his borrowed quarters for the night.  

Professor Brett did not return to his rooms but went to a small inn on the edge of the city to meet with the leader of the peculiar little group.  They took a table at the far back and were alone in the common room.  Brett’s companion asked, “who was your strange friend?”  
Brett shrugged, “some wanderer who turned up on campus a day or two ago.  He has been wandering about, talking to people, and sitting in on lectures.  He came to me after one of my infamous lectures and started asking questions.  I think he is a promising Candidate.  He has a sharp mind and I think he knows the use of a sword.  His greatest qualms were that we might be up to something illegal.”  Both men laughed at the thought: laws were relative, thus did not really matter so long as the desired ends were attained.  
The other man said, “are you sure he is not one of THEM?”  
Brett laughed, “you know as well as I that their precious little Oath keeps them from telling overt lies.  He said many things that do not go along with that line of work.  I think we can trust him.”  They laughed again, as trust was also relative.  You never really fully trusted anyone.  Life was much simpler that way.  
“Perhaps I shall meet with him myself if he is as promising as you say,” said the other, “our time here draws to an end and it would be a pity to leave such a prize behind.  You say he has a sharp mind?  Then what is he doing at the University?”  
Brett said, “I think he came in hopes of finding the rumors false.  I think he would have ridden on by now, save for his interest in our little gathering.”  The other nodded, Brett’s reasoning was sound.  
The other said, “can you arrange a meeting for the three of us tomorrow?  I wish to know more of this stranger before letting him deeper into our counsels or abandoning him completely.  If he is even half as promising as you think, he would be a great asset.  Our masters are desperate to replace the numbers we lost during that regrettable fiasco a year gone and will richly reward anyone who brings another into the fold.”  
Brett smiled avariciously, “meet us at the Cock and Hen tomorrow at noon.  I will see that my new friend is there.”  The other nodded his agreement and they disappeared into the night.
The next morning, Professor Brett was up early and found his hopeful prodigy at breakfast.  Colin nodded good morning and Brett seated himself beside the man and said, “I have arranged a meeting with our leader for lunch at the Cock and Hen.  Will you come?”  
Colin smiled, “I would be honored to meet your leader.  What interest has he in me?”  
Brett smiled, “he hopes as I do that you may join our little band of free thinkers.”  
“I shall be there,” said Colin, “need I come cloaked?”  
Both men laughed and Brett went off to his morning classes.  Colin spent the morning in careful preparation for this potentially dangerous meeting.  If he were recognized he must be ready for the worst, but these were neophytes and not fully-fledged members of the Brotherhood.  There was little chance they were even aware of his existence, much less his controversial history concerning the Brotherhood.  He saddled Taragon and rode in search of the inn.  He left his faithful friend outside in case he needed a quick retreat.  Taragon sensed his unease and gave him a reassuring whicker.  He patted the great neck in thanks; the creature was right.  Live or die, the situation was never hopeless for those who put their trust in the Master.  
With a peaceful heart, he went in to meet what he may.  He found the two waiting for him.  Brett made the introductions and all took their seats.  The inn was notorious for its terrible food, thus the reason Brett had chosen it and why they were alone in the common room.  The innkeeper eyed them hopefully but they made no move to place an order so he continued his studious wiping of the counter.  
The unnamed leader went straight to the point, “I am greatly interested in you as a potential member of our little society.  This interview will determine whether you shall qualify or not.  Brett here assures me of your interest in our group and I will make sure it is not an interest contrary to our own pursuits.  I will ask you some questions and you will answer me directly.  Understood?”  Colin nodded, knowing the questions were aimed at ferreting out whether he was one of the Brethren trying to discover their secrets.
The leader began, “do you know the use of a sword?”  
Colin said, “yes.”  
The man smiled, “have you ever killed a man?”  
Colin nodded grimly, “on occasion it has been necessary.”  
The man then went for the throat, “would you be willing to kill one of these so-called Brethren?”  
Colin said, “their blood is already on my hands.”  
“Really?” asked the leader in avid fascination.  
Colin said, “yes, I have slain at least one of their number.”  
The man grinned evilly, “I think our masters would be more than happy to welcome you amongst us.  Why do you hold back from such a wonderful invitation?”  
Colin shrugged, “I know little of the group that I saw gathered around the fire last night.  Should it not make me nervous that today I am sitting alone with a man who seems interested in nothing but death and murder?”  
The man laughed, “some call it murder, but as you put it so succinctly we prefer to call it an occasional necessity.”  
“Death by any other name is still death,” said Colin grimly, “I have killed before but I do not like to wallow in it.”  
The man laughed, “you will learn to put aside such aversions with time and then will be able to do what you must without the bother of that quaint conception others have of a so-called conscience.”  
Colin shook his head, “the more you speak, the less inclined I am to participate.  This seems no group I wish to entangle myself in.”  
Both men laughed, “it is too late.  You are already trapped more deeply than you know.  We cannot have you running off and alerting the authorities.  You shall join us or die.”  
Colin looked grim, “now there is an enticing slogan.  What exactly are your plans from here on out?  If I must choose to live in your service or die, I want to know exactly what I have gotten myself into.  You had best be convincing or I might just choose to let you kill me.”  They looked at him as if he were mad, but saw little choice but to continue.  He was either theirs or dead anyway so it really did not matter much what they told him.  Either way he could not betray them.
The leader said, “the University is faltering and we are jumping ship like so many rats.  We can do little more here, though this institution was once the pride of our masters.  They have moved on to more fruitful fields.  The Academy is of great interest to them; so also is the growing might in Panmycea.  Our little group is like mold: it creeps in where it is least wanted and there corrupts from within, often unnoticed until it is too late.  The Brethren have ever been our ancient enemies though they themselves were unaware of our existence until only a few years ago.  They interfere everywhere and are a constant nuisance.  It was they who brought about the disaster that shook the very foundations of the world a year gone.  
But, our masters have weathered such disasters many times over and simply bide their time and rebuild their numbers until the time is ripe to strike anew.  We leave in a day or two for Arca and there we will add our assistance to that already in place at the Academy.  Ere we leave, we shall make our vows to the darkness in exchange for true power.  The Oath of the Brethren is nothing in comparison to that which we take.  They gain slavery to a defeated lord; we gain power beyond imagining and the potential for more.  Now you must decide your fate.”  
Colin smiled grimly, “you know not of what you speak.  That you gain power by such terrible rites is true but you also lose anything that makes you remotely human.”  
Both men laughed, “we wish to become more than merely human.  How would you know aught of these things?”  
Colin looked them both in the eyes and said, “you speak to one who has taken that vile oath and done many terrible things in service to the masters you speak of.  The gain is not worth the price.  The Brotherhood will take your soul and leave you an empty shell.  You shall be used up completely and die unmourned: a tool to be replaced.  Is this the future you want?  They shall promise you much and the hunger shall ever drive you to do more and more terrible things, but you shall never be satisfied.”
“You are of the Brotherhood?” asked Brett in awe, “Why did you toy with me and waste my time?  Is this some trick of our masters?”  
Colin laughed, “it is true I once belonged to that vile group but no longer.”  
“It cannot be,” snarled the leader, “once you belong to them they do not willingly let you go.  You cannot wrest your soul away from them once it is in their keeping.”  
Colin nodded, “no mere man could do such a thing, but nothing is impossible for the Master.”  
“What?” growled the leader, “You claim some allegiance with the Master?  He could not accept you after the things you claim to have done.  The Brethren would slay you on sight.  You lie!”  
Colin laughed grimly, “I once thought the same.  How could so wretched and faithless a heart as mine be of interest to the Master?  The Brethren had the chance to slay me.  It was I that slew their greatest champion, the husband of the Lady herself.  Something broke within me that day and I begged for the mercy of death, but they would not oblige me.  Instead they forgave me!  Can you imagine the inanity?  Forgive the man who killed one of their best and the one dearest to their beloved Lady?  Impossible!  But as I said, nothing is impossible for the Master.  I stand before you as living proof.  Take it from one who has lived it, this is not a deal you should make.  You will regret it for eternity, not just a lifetime.”  The two looked at him in complete astonishment.  
Brett mumbled, “it cannot be true!”  
Colin smiled, “know by the Oath that it is true.  I stand before you a new man; the man I ever should have been.  Choose carefully what you do with your souls; they are a precious commodity, and there are powers into whose keeping it is foolishness to give them.  Farewell!”  
Abruptly he rose and climbed out the open window beside him.  Taragon was waiting patiently and they disappeared quickly into the throngs of midday.  The two men stared at each other, completely stunned.  Finally, they stood up and left and were never seen in Dara again.  With their leadership gone, the little group quietly dissipated and the once hopeful Brotherhood had nothing to show for their efforts save the doomed University.  They turned their attention to more productive and promising endeavors.  


Chapter 5

 Colin rode hard for Arca, for word must be sent to the Lady, the Brethren at the Academy, and also to those in Panmycea.  Stopping only long enough to steal a little rest, they traveled swiftly and soon stood at the castle gates.  The guards stared at the exhausted, travel-stained wanderer who stood before them, trying very hard to conceal their scorn, for they were not inclined to be friendly to so disreputable a person.  Leaning against Taragon for support, Colin asked to speak with Bristol.  The men exchanged looks and asked who they should say was demanding to speak with the Advisor to the King.  
Colin sighed, "just tell him it is one of his Brothers."  
One of the guards arched an eyebrow doubting that very much, but a servant was sent running.  Intrigued, Bristol immediately made for the gates.  He did not recognize the man standing there, but he was obviously one of the Brethren and had traveled some distance in haste.  He nodded to the guards and they let Colin in.  A servant led Taragon to the stables as Colin followed Bristol to his quarters.  
"Welcome to Arca," said Bristol, "what brings you to me in such haste?"  
Colin replied, "the Lady sent me to check up on the University and it seems the Brotherhood is stirring again.  I fell in with a professor who was rather unhappy about the Brethren and he took me to an evening gathering of prospective members of the Brotherhood.  It seems the University is slowly dying and they are looking elsewhere for opportunities to cause problems.  I need to get word to the Lady, the Brethren at the Academy, and also to those in Panmycea.  I was hoping you had pigeons."
 Bristol smiled grimly, "I had hoped we had dealt them a grievous enough blow that they would stay out of trouble for a little while, but it seems I was wrong.  You observed one of their meetings and then they just let you walk away?"  
Colin smiled wryly, "their leader took a personal interest in me and hoped I would join them when they all made their vows to the darkness in the coming days.  I ended up jumping out a window of the inn where we met and very nearly rode straight here."  
Bristol laughed, "they are persistent.  I do not know if you knew Tristan, but he once fell in with one of them as well.  The man decided Tristan would make a fine recruit.  The man himself was cold as a fish!  Anyway, he decided that Tristan should get me out of the way so he could take my place as Advisor to the King for the Order.  Tristan was very polite in asking if he could murder me; I wish all killers had such proper manners.  We faked my death and Tristan was able to continue on in the man's good graces for a time.  As it turned out, he later joined the Brethren and was the one that slew the dragon on Tithbia Plain but died in the process.  He saved us all!  I wish I could have known him after he left the Brotherhood.  When last I saw him, he was a broken man."  
Colin nodded, "I met Trap once when he still belonged to the Brotherhood.  He was as cold and heartless as you say, though I myself was not much better at the time.  It warms my heart to know that he found the Master and was a better man for it; I only hope I can do the same."  
Bristol stopped suddenly in the corridor and turned to face his guest, "you knew Trap back then?  How?"  
Colin said quietly, "I was once one of them myself.  I am also the man that killed your friend."  
Bristol nodded grimly, "I have heard the tale.  I often wondered how I would react if ever we met.  I do not think you are the man you were when you committed that horrible act."  
Colin shook his head, "I am a completely different man: the man I ever should have been."  
Bristol smiled slightly, "I suppose if the Lady and Master can forgive you, I must also.  Tristan was a good friend and the world is a more dangerous place without him."  
Colin nodded, "if only I could have known what it was I was taking from the world.  I wish I could have known him as you and all of his friends did.  Someday perhaps..."  
Bristol smiled, "let us go find your pigeons.  Idle chatter can wait."
 After they had written out and sent off their messages to Astoria and Panmycea, Bristol said, "am I right in understanding that you are a former member of the Brotherhood, turned member of the Brethren, and these men were trying to recruit you for the Brotherhood?"  
Colin smiled, "certainly a mess!  I was able to tell them my story and I hope it shocked them into reconsidering what they were about to do.  At least I astonished them enough to make my escape.  I must get to the Academy and speak with Turin as well.  I thank you for the use of your birds."  
Bristol said, "you have had a rough journey.  At least stay long enough to clean up, eat, and rest.  It will be hard enough to get into the Academy without looking like a vagabond."  
Colin smiled in appreciation, he said, "is it that hard to get into the Academy?  One can simply walk onto the University campus at will."  
Bristol smiled grimly, "unless you are an invited guest it is very difficult to get inside.  I am an Advisor to the King and I must still send a message nearly a month in advance to be allowed such an honor!  I doubt they would let you simply walk up to the gate and demand an audience with their far too busy professors.  You could probably send a note but Turin might not see it for two weeks or a month and we do not have that kind of time to wait.  To get an audience with one of our comrades on campus you may have to become a student!"  
Colin did not look excited about the possibility but asked, "so if I become a student simply to speak with Turin, can I decide to leave soon after or is it also impossible to get out?"  
Bristol looked grim, "I do not know.  I have never heard of anyone leaving before."  
Colin did not like the sound of that, but his colleagues must be warned.  "Very well," sighed Colin, "I will do what I must and figure out what to do after that.  Perhaps another pair of eyes will not be such a bad thing, especially when no one knows my true allegiance." 
They found some food, Colin cleaned up a bit, and then slept soundly until the next morning.  He felt a new man and ready to conquer the world, though he dreaded the thought of officially attending the Academy, but he would do as he must.  As he was preparing to leave, Bristol said, "you might as well leave your mount here.  They will not house him on campus unless you allow him to be used for such things as lessons and hauling the refuse cart."  
Colin laughed, "Taragon would not like that in the least.  I thank you for your consideration."  
Bristol gasped, "Taragon was Tristan's mount!"  
Colin shrugged, "that is the strangest part of the whole tale.  Not only am I pardoned by Tristan's wife, but also given the faithful service of his dearest companion!  You understand these things better than I.  All I know is that once I had taken my Oath he would not leave me alone.  They can be very determined when they feel like it!"  
They shared a good laugh and Bristol said, "there will be little enough laughter at the Academy; I do not envy you your stay there.  I shall alert the Lady to your current situation and will bring you word if she has further orders for you."  
Colin smiled broadly, "thank you very much for your hospitality and your friendship.  May the Master ride with you!"
 Bristol watched the man walk out the front gate and wondered at the strange way life always seemed to turn out.  The man had killed a dear friend, yet he felt he could easily be friends with the man, such was the grace of the Master!  He went back into the palace to attend to his own duties.  
Colin walked determinedly towards the Academy, though Taragon was not happy to be left alone in the palace stables, but he quieted a bit when the alternative was explained to him.  A brisk walk brought him to the great gate in the wall surrounding the Academy.  The place seemed more a fortress than a place of learning; it also sounded more military than any learning institution had a right to be.  Bristol had remarked on their strictness and apparent lack of anything even resembling a heart.  Astoria had rules and could be considered a somewhat military facility, but even the Order at its height did not sound this inflexible!  He approached the guards upon the gates and asked if he might get an audience with one of the Professors.  The men openly laughed him to scorn; it was a mirthless and cold sound, nothing like the expression of humor and joy most people associate with the concept.  
The officer said, "no one is admitted without prior authorization, save a new student.  And no stranger or new student is allowed to waste a Highly Respected Professor's time.  You may send a note and you may hear back before year's end.  Else you may go home or become a student."  
Colin knew it would come to this and said with a sigh, "register me as a student then."
The guard nodded mechanically and a servant popped out of some hiding spot.  He was properly registered (in triplicate) and then escorted to the Mistress of Student Affairs and received the same treatment as Geff and Kard.  It was still early in the day and the first class period was not yet over.  After he had changed into the requisite uniform, the Mistress said he should probably attend classes the very next hour.  He did not think arguing with her would avail anything so he meekly complied.  He was assigned classes similar to those in which the two apprentices found themselves, for they were all that was open at the moment for new students.
 The Mistress escorted him to the Master at Arms for the second class period that was soon to begin.  The old man laughed, "you are no beardless youth!  What are you doing in a place like this?"  
Colin sighed, "this was not what I wanted to do, but it is the current path my life seems to be taking.  I guess I shall make the best of it while I am here.  What is the Academy's policy for students speaking with Professors?"  
The old man laughed, "there is a one hour period at the end of the day in which you may get a chance to ask a question of one of our highly esteemed teaching staff.  Otherwise you are out of luck."  
"I am talking to you," said Colin hopefully.  
The man laughed again, "this is a rare exception.  I had no first period class and you are newly arrived and had no class to attend.  It will not be so again."  
Colin nodded, "I thank you for your time.  What exactly are we learning in this class?"  
The man said, "what do you need practice with?  I have two boys learning to use the broadsword and a curved blade.  I have other lads who need desperate help with even a straight one.  Come, let us see what you can do."  The man walked away momentarily, returning with a variety of practice swords.  He gave the most basic weapon to Colin and put him through a series of drills designed to test his familiarity and skill with the blade.  The man nodded in approval and they tried a number of weapons.  "You have done this before," said the old man.  
Colin smiled, "a time or two.  What shall you teach me?"  The old man shook his head, "there is little I can teach one of your skill.  However, you can assist me in working with the other students."  
Colin nodded, though he had had little teaching experience of any sort.  The great gong sounded and first period ended; the students moved efficiently towards their second class of the day.  A dozen students arrayed themselves in the weapons yard for their lesson.  Kard and Geff were surprised to see him, but a small shake of Colin's head ensured they’d keep their acquaintance with him to themselves.  The two apprentices were the most advanced of the students and were put to work learning some of the more obscure weapons.
Teaching had never been something that Colin had ever had much interest in, but he actually found he enjoyed the experience.  The younger students were at first aghast that another student would be doing something so important as contributing to their education, but gradually they warmed to the idea and allowed themselves to be taught by such a lowly lifeform as a fellow student.  The hour passed reasonably quickly.  Geff and Kard were anxious to speak with Colin, but knew they could not look too eager in doing so lest they draw attention.  
“Where are you off to next?” asked Kard of Colin, as if not truly interested in the answer.  
“I am not really sure,” said Colin just as idly, “I am rather new at all of this.”  
Geff smiled, “they have not yet had time to assign you chores, but we could use some help in the stable.”  Colin shrugged, he had nothing better to do and perhaps the stable would afford a little privacy for a conversation.  
They entered the extensive structure, exchanged their student robes for overalls, and each found a fork and began shoveling muck.  The Horse Master did not really mind having an extra assistant so said nothing when the strange man came in and started mucking stalls.  He went outside for a bit of air and left the three alone.  
“What are you doing here?” asked Geff, “I thought you were supposed to be in Syre at the University.”  
Colin smiled, “remember who outranks who here.  I shall answer your questions in due time but now I have my own to ask.  Is it possible to speak with Turin and the others before the dedicated hour?”  The boys shook their heads.  Colin then asked, “can you simply decide you have had enough and leave or do they keep you here against your will?”  
Geff said, “students can theoretically leave whenever they wish but must first have it approved by the Mistress of Student Affairs.  As far as I have heard, she has not let anyone leave yet.  Of course you could always cause trouble and be thrown out.”  
Colin did not look happy.  He glanced around and seeing that they were still alone he said, “I was at the University and it is exactly as all the rumors hold it to be.  The one difference is that the number of students is atrophying, as is the faculty and funding.  It is dying, if not in the very throws of death.  My haste in coming here is that I discovered a plot by the Brotherhood to become more deeply involved in the Academy and also with what is happening in Panmycea.  I already sent word to Astoria and our people in Panmycea, but those here also need to be warned.  A note might not ever get to the proper person or may be seen by unfriendly eyes.  They will also not allow unannounced visitors to take up the precious time of their professors.  My only option was to get in here and deliver the message myself, of course no one just walks in here uninvited so I was forced to enroll as a student.  I will speak with one of the others tonight and after that we shall see what comes of my promising educational career.  Perhaps another set of eyes will not be amiss, especially one as yet unassociated with the rest of you.”  
Geff smiled, “and here I thought this was going to be a boring assignment.”  Colin smiled at his youthful enthusiasm and continued to shovel manure.

Lunch was a very unpleasant experience for all involved (as usual) and soon it was time for afternoon classes.  Colin’s classes were the same as the two apprentices so he simply followed them from session to session.  Finally, it was time for Turin’s class.  The man nearly flinched in surprise at the sight of Colin but managed to hide his reaction.  For having such a surprise at the beginning of the hour, the lecture actually went very well.  As usual, a line of students quickly formed with eager questions during the dedicated hour after classes.  The three Brethren took their place patiently at the end.  The hour quickly wore away and the line moved far too slowly.  At this rate it would take days for Colin to deliver his message.  The gong sounded again and the other students vanished obediently.  Once the four were alone in the abandoned room, Colin boldly approached Turin.  
“What are you doing in the place that joy forsook?” asked the other man.  
Colin smiled, “I am not here because I wish it but out of necessity.  There is nothing of great importance happening at the University, save that it will soon be only a memory.  The reason I am in this dreadful place is that it was the only way I could get word to you that the Brotherhood is up to something here or soon will be.  You must be on your guard.”  
Turin laughed, “the Brotherhood could hardly make this place any worse!  Now what?”  
Colin shrugged, “I have no immediate plans or orders.  Bristol sent a pigeon to the Lady with word of my current situation.  I also sent messages to Astoria and Panmycea about the Brotherhood’s plots.  If I had my way I would simply leave and ride for Astoria, but if you need me I can remain until the Lady sends further instructions.  It may be useful to have someone around who is not known to be associated with the Brethren.”  
Turin nodded, “perhaps that is the wisest course of action at present.  We must be going before someone grows suspicious.”  They took his advice and made their way towards dinner.
They withdrew to the room the two apprentices shared with their as yet terrified roommates.  The boys would be washing dishes for some time so they had a little time to talk.  Geff thought it a sad commentary on their situation when he thought it great fun to sneak a fellow student into their room!  There was no rule against friendships and idle chatter, but both were strongly discouraged.  
“Are things always this mirthless?” asked Colin, “The only place with less joy is a gathering of the Brotherhood!  What do they have against fun?”  
Geff said as if by rote, “fun, silliness, pranks, and other forms of frivolity have no place in an institution of learning.  Such things only distract one from one’s duty of learning.”  Colin gave him an odd look.  Geff blushed, “sorry I have the rulebook memorized.  It was habit, not intention.  In Astoria we had to learn the Truth and the Law, it becomes automatic after a time.”  The others laughed.  The boy had a brilliant mind but sometimes got himself into trouble by what came out of his mouth.  
A loud bang upon the door was followed by the Mistress herself barging into the tiny room.  She glared at the trio and said, “it is almost time for curfew.  Any more nonsense and I shall report you to the High Chancellor.”  
Colin said, “I apologize Mistress.  I was unaware of the rules.  It will not happen again.”  
She eyed him skeptically but said, “see that it does not.”  
She stalked out of the room and all three were in very great danger of repeating the mortal sin of laughing.  Colin snuck back to his room before he got the two boys in trouble again.  His own roommates were as solemn and quiet as Geff said his were.  Colin tried to involve them in conversation but they shrank back in terror or simply ignored him.  The Brotherhood consumed the soul; this place stifled it.  Colin wondered if there was much difference in the end result.
The next morning after breakfast, Colin attended his horsemanship class.  Since he arrived on foot, the Mistress of Student Affairs assumed his knowledge of horses was minimal and assigned him to a class accordingly.  The woman teaching the class was busy showing each of the youngsters how to lead a horse, how to safely approach one, and talked endlessly about basic care, feeding, grooming and the like.  Colin meant no disrespect but paid little attention to things he could do in his sleep.  Concerned, the professor approached him and asked, “what is the matter?  Are you afraid of horses?  What can I do to make this easier for you?”  
Colin smiled warmly and said, “my lady, I meant no disrespect, but I think I am in this class by mistake.  I have been doing things like this since I was old enough to walk.”  
She laughed and said, “then you must help me assist these novices in the basics of ground work.”  
Colin bowed politely, “as you wish my lady.”  
She laughed again and he assisted her for the rest of the class period.  He did the same in his swordsmanship class.  The Mistress of Student Affairs had heard about him in the stable with the two apprentices and saw no reason not to let Colin assist them indefinitely.  They could not get into much trouble there under the watchful eye of the Horse Master.  The days marched on slowly but nothing of much report occurred.  Colin hoped daily for some message from the Lady sending him off to the ends of the earth but no such correspondence arrived.  He did gain the attention of some of the senior students however.  He thought perhaps they were slightly jealous of his rumored abilities in equitation and swordplay, since he was apparently talented enough to assist the instructors.  But why would it be surprising that a man his age might not have some proficiency in such things?  In a boy, such skills would be quite remarkable, but not in a man who had some experience in the wide world.
It appeared even with the strictness of Academy life, this group of students was determined to make his life difficult without jeopardizing their educational careers.  Little did they know that Colin had spent most of his life bullying others; he was quite knowledgeable about such things, not that that was a skill valued among the Brethren however.  They kept trying to say or do things that could not be traced back to themselves but that would make his life more difficult.  Compared to what he had lived through, the minor taunts and threats of a few mean boys were almost laughable.  The only gain they received from their attempts to intimidate him was frustration with their lack of success.  The man seemed unshakable.  They turned their attention to the two apprentices, thinking that perhaps he would be vulnerable through his acquaintances if nothing else.  Colin spent little time with the boys because he did not want anyone to grow suspicious that perhaps there were ties between himself and the Brethren.  But the time he had spent in their company the first day was enough to convince the campus bullies that perhaps there was at least some small measure of friendship between them.  
Though young and rather inexperienced, both Geff and Kard had survived far worse than anything another student could throw at them.  The bullies had as little success with the apprentices as they had had with Colin.  Their level of frustration increased dramatically and they searched desperately for a way to get even with the three that would not be blamed on them.  There was not much time for idle prattle and gossip, but even in this stagnating community there were always a few rumors circulating.  It was widely known that Geff and Kard had some ties with the six new professors and possibly even with the Brethren, though no one knew exactly what.  This also irritated the more important students.  They did not like things they did not understand almost as much as they disliked anyone who seemed better at something than they themselves were.  All of this was enough to make Geff and Kard very unpopular among certain circles and dangerous to anyone who might wish to associate with them, for fear of gaining a similar label.  Colin was held in about as much contempt.
The three students could tell something was brewing within the student population though deeply hidden for fear of discovery.  Colin was almost eager for the storm to break, for the tedium of the Academy was beginning to wear on him.  It chaffed at the apprentices as well, but at least they had one another for company.  So too did the Brethren amongst the professors have their comrades.  Colin belonged officially to neither group and was technically alone.  He could not imagine what the other students went through without even the hope of the Master for comfort.  No wonder this place seemed to suck the very soul out of them.  
The High Chancellor and his Lady were very happy to discover that the Brethren did not preach as much as they had feared.  There was only an occasional mention of the Master or his farcical Truth.  A few of the students were curious, but had no time to approach the Brethren privately with questions.  The rest of the students simply thought their teachers mad and laughed about it very quietly behind closed doors.  The Brethren were well respected on campus for their exceptional knowledge, wisdom, and teaching skills but also reviled for their antiquated beliefs.  There was much negative discussion about them in secret and private places.  One day a new professor arrived with much ado about campus at his arrival (any new professor was an exciting event).  Upon encountering the man for the first time, the hearts of the Brethren dropped.  There was no doubt in their minds that he was a member of the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  Evil clung to him like sweat to a lathered horse.  Turin even went so far as to request an audience with the High Chancellor.  Raye was gracious enough to grant the audience (about a week later) and allowed Turin a brief interview.
Turin made his bows.  The Chancellor seemed irritated that he had not bowed more formally.  Turin only bowed more deeply to the Lady, and then only slightly.  He would not give this man an honor denied everyone else, including his own Mistress.  He began, “High Chancellor, are you aware that the newest addition to your teaching staff is a member of the Brotherhood of the Serpent?”  
Raye shrugged, “what do ideologies matter?  The man is skilled enough to teach what I want him to teach and that is all I require.  I let six of the Brethren teach here.  Why disallow a single man from the Brotherhood?  All that matters to me is that the information gets passed along.  Let the students themselves decide what if any superstition they shall believe.”  
Turin sighed, “this is not just a matter of dueling ideologies!  The man has no soul and no conscience; he has no honor and cannot be trusted.”  
Raye smiled contemptuously, “some say the same of the Brethren.  But I am not yet convinced that such things as souls and consciences truly exist and even if they do, that is a matter of personal belief, completely unrelated to learning.  Honor is such an antiquated concept.  Please realize that the world is changing and changing for the better.  You would do well to remember that honor, chivalry, and all such quaint ideals will soon become part of the forgotten past.  It is knowledge and wisdom that shall rule the day.  The means by which they are achieved are irrelevant.  If you have issues with the man you must settle it between yourselves, but do so in such a way that it does not interrupt life at the Academy.”  
Turin bowed himself out, knowing he had accomplished nothing.  Raye smiled after the man, wondering how anyone could care so deeply about such trifling matters.  The other Brethren were greatly disappointed but could do nothing about the Chancellor’s response.  They could leave in protest and abandon the students to their fate, but that was not something they wished to inflict upon the helpless and unwitting young men.  
The new professor (Kent) was an instant success.  He was a handsome man and he knew it; he was also well versed in various forms of poetry, prose, and grammar.  During the hour dedicated to questions each evening, he often gathered around him some of the students with darker tendencies.  Unsurprisingly, many of them were the same students that had tried unsuccessfully to bully Colin, Kard, and Geff.  They immediately felt drawn to the man for some reason they could not quite understand.  Colin knew it was the darker side of their hearts lusting after the power they felt in their mentor.  He had once felt the same allure himself, and it had drawn him into the darkest pits of night from which few escaped.  Colin did not recognize the man, and he gave no reaction when he saw Colin so their ignorance seemed mutual.  Someone had to infiltrate this group to keep an eye on them, but the known Brethren could not do so therefore it fell to Colin.  He did not relish the idea, but he knew more about the Brotherhood than everyone else combined so it would have fallen to him regardless.  The only question was: how to make the boys that reviled him adopt him as one of their own?  
He need not have worried.  The Brotherhood was desperate for talent, wherever they could find it.  The boys complained bitterly about the supposed skills of the strange man who had chosen to become a student in the middle of his life for no apparent reason.  The other students’ antipathy was understandable and made Kent very anxious to meet a man who could inspire such jealousy.  Kent sought out Colin one day as he toiled with the apprentices in the stables.  The man smiled, a greasy expression that made Colin’s skin crawl.  Had he ever been that slimy?  
“I will speak with you,” said Kent, “now.”  Colin had little choice.  Professors were to be obeyed immediately and without question.  He made the appropriate bow, left his fork, and went outside with the man.  Kent said, “I hear the other students are very jealous about your purported skills with a blade.”  
Colin laughed nonchalantly, “is it any surprise that a man my age who has handled a sword since his youth would know the use of the weapon?  These lads will be just as proficient in twenty years.”  
“I suppose,” said Kent, “but I would like to see you in action some time.  Perhaps right now?”  
Colin said, “but I have my duties in the stable.”  
Kent nodded, “I shall see that it is not held against you.  This is important.”  
They walked together to the weapons yard.  The Master at Arms eyed them but said nothing as the other professor procured a couple of practice blades.  Off in a corner by themselves, Kent pitted himself against Colin and found him as skilled as he had hoped.  They returned their blades to the Master at Arms and made their way back towards the stable.  Kent said in parting, “I am impressed.  You will join me this evening during the hour for questions.”  Colin could do little but nod in acquiescence and return to the stables to continue with his chores.  The two apprentices looked at him in concern, but he shook his head and they returned to their own duties.
That evening Colin arrived at the man’s classroom as ordered.  The more senior students sneered upon seeing who the newcomer was.  “What are you doing here?” scowled the tallest boy, “This is no place for cowards.”  
“Enough,” growled Kent, “he is here at my request and you will treat him with all due respect, at least in my presence.”  The students all apologized at once.  Colin took a seat on the outside of the small gathering and said nothing.  “Welcome,” said Kent to Colin, “I am glad you have joined our little ensemble.  Before we begin I would have your honest opinion of these Brethren that have invaded the campus, seemingly in droves.”  
One of the boys chimed in, “he seems rather friendly with the two students who arrived in their company.  I would not trust him.”  
Kent snarled, “silence!  I do not trust anyone very far and you would be wise to do the same.  This is not a matter of trust, but of the desires of one’s heart and mind.  Come, tell us what you think of such things.”  
Colin said, “since my arrival I have not had much contact with the professors claiming to be of that stock.  I attend a history class instructed by one of them, but he shares little enough of his beliefs that from his account alone the whole thing seems unclear.  The others I have not dealt with at all since my arrival.  As for the two boys, they were kind enough to show me around the first few days after my arrival.  Our interaction has been minimal since.  Could I make an informed decision based upon such limited interaction?”  
Kent’s eyes narrowed skeptically, “an honest answer, but have you no thoughts on the Brethren from previous experience?”  
Colin shrugged, “most of my life has been spent in ignorance of the truth of such things.  I could not provide an honest opinion based on observations from that period of my life.”  
Kent looked annoyed, “do you toy with me or simply refuse to answer the question?”  
Colin shrugged, “I mean no offense.  I simply wish to know the details before jumping to conclusions.”  
Kent sneered, “a man of deep thought.  Bah!  We shall continue then without a satisfactory answer from our philosophical colleague.  At least he seems indifferent on the matter.  The rest of us here agree that something must be done about their interference.  Since the dawn of time they have interfered in everything and forced their ignorant beliefs upon the unsuspecting masses.  And now they wish to do the same here at the Academy, but we are not mindless sheep to witlessly follow a blind shepherd’s call.  A few more of my colleagues should be arriving soon and they shall help us in our plot to end the suppression of knowledge and reason.”  The dinner gong sounded and the students jumped up and nearly ran out of the room.  Colin was much slower in rising to leave.  Kent said quietly, “you would do well to heed my words.  The Brethren are fools, but dangerous fools, nor will I be trifled with.  You will submit to my authority and my orders or you will cease to worry about anything, permanently.  Are we clear?”  
Colin said, “eminently.  I do not wish to incur your wrath, but I cannot give answers based on rumor and half truths.”  
“Fair enough,” sighed Kent, “but try not to dissemble in front of these boys.  I do not need my reputation tarnished in their eyes.  I have great plans for them and this institution.”  Colin bowed himself out and went in search of supper.  After the meal he busied himself with writing a note to Turin.  They could not be seen communicating, lest he reveal his ties to the Brethren, but he could pass the note along to Geff who could somehow convey it to Turin.  The next day during their chores in the stable, Colin casually tossed the folded paper into Geff’s stall.  The boy pocketed the sheet.  
As they were leaving, Colin whispered quietly, “that must get to Turin.”  The boy nodded.  
After their history class, Geff waited patiently to speak with Turin and surreptitiously handed him the note, which was badly crumpled and smelled of horse dung, but was quite legible.  Once he was alone in his own quarters, Turin read Colin’s message.  He was not sure whether he was encouraged or concerned by the news of Colin’s new ‘friends,’ but at least they now had someone within the vile group.  They would have to find a better way to communicate however.


Chapter 6

The following morning at his weapons class, the Master at Arms approached Colin and said, “I have high hopes for you lad.  I would be careful in my dealings with that professor of yours.  There is something I do not like about him.”  
Colin nodded grimly, “I agree sir, but I cannot disobey a professor.  It is he that sought me out.  But I shall be careful.”  The Master at Arms nodded glumly but the others arrived and they began the lesson.  The little group met again that evening.  
Kent seemed excited, “you shall be happy to know that two more of my colleagues arrived just this afternoon.  They shall be teaching on the morrow and each day thereafter.  I have seen to it that each of you is assigned to as many of our classes as I could arrange.  Here are your new schedules.”  
Colin took his, noting that he was no longer in Turin’s class nor did he share any classes with the two apprentices.  He had been assigned to five new classes, all of which he suspected were taught by the Brotherhood.  He still maintained his stable duties with the boys however.  At least he was not completely cut off from his comrades.  
Kent continued, “I am also in negotiations with the High Chancellor to start a student security detail overseen by myself.  If I am successful, you shall be allowed to go about armed and may supervise the behavior of your fellow students.  I have only to convince him that such experience shall be good for you and for the Academy.  He seems very interested in the idea.”  
If Kent armed the more disagreeable students, it would not be a good thing for anyone on campus save the Brotherhood.  The students were cowed enough, what would another level of intimidation do?  Colin thought there might be open revolt if the idea was accepted and abused.  He wisely kept these thoughts to himself.
The next morning he went to his new classes, hoping that his professors were not men who would be able to recognize him.  The two were fairly young and neither of them seemed to know him.  It was interesting to compare the teaching styles and topics of the Brethren versus the Brotherhood.  The Brotherhood seemed to glorify death, violence, greed, and power and the pursuit thereof.  The Brethren used such as examples of how far humanity had fallen and things to avoid in future if one wished to make the world a better place.  The Brotherhood rarely spoke of heroes sacrificing themselves for the sake of others but spoke often of renegades and tyrants who prospered at the expense of others.  The Brethren of course did exactly the opposite.  
The sad thing was that the students seemed to think the end justified the means.  The hero was dead while the villain ended up rich.  Which was the better outcome for oneself?  Colin longed to tell his own story, in which the dead hero was far richer than the living villain could even imagine, but now was not the time or the place.  Perhaps before all things were ended, but not yet.  The following day, Colin and his colleagues from Kent’s meetings were summoned before the High Chancellor, the Mistress of Student Affairs, and several other important administrators.  The students bowed deeply, save Colin, who bowed enough to meet the demands of formality but not enough to be construed as worship.  
The High Chancellor stood and greeted his guests, saying, “this is quite an honor for each of you.  Few are the students who ever enter my presence save to face the consequences for some trouble they have caused.”
Colin kept his head down and hoped Raye would not recognize him.  They had met once, but then it had been dark.  He hoped the boy would not remember or put the two occurrences together.  He need not have worried, the boy was so full of his own arrogance that he never even noticed who the students before him were; he just basked in his own glory.  
He continued, “your dedicated professor has lobbied hard that you might be allowed to form the Academy’s first student security detail.  After much thought and deliberation I have agreed.  Professor Kent has graciously volunteered to lead the effort.  As such, you will be allowed to wear a sword while serving in that capacity; you must also wear a white sash while on duty, but you must not wear the sword or the sash when it is not your appointed turn.  You must not use your weapons upon your fellow students unless they first incite violence against you.  Understood?”  They all nodded.  “Very well,” said Raye, “you may go back to your assigned classes and I will leave it up to Professor Kent to inform you of the details at a later time.”
The students filed out of the room with much excited chatter amongst themselves.  That evening Kent went over the details.  He said, “I will continue to persuade the Chancellor that you should be allowed your weapons at all times, but this is a promising start.  You shall be assigned this duty in pairs.  For now, it shall just be after supper, through the night, and until breakfast.  But I hope to soon have it approved for vigil throughout the day and night.  But these things must be taken in small steps.  Complete victory will come with time, however.  We shall also need to recruit a few more members before we can fully staff the guard.  Keep your eyes open.”  
One of the meaner boys snickered, “we could ask the two stable boys that arrived with the Brethren.  It is said they know their way with a sword.”  There was much cold laughter at the thought.  
Kent smiled maliciously, “they might have skill with a blade but their hearts are in the wrong place.  I need more people with less heart.”  
One of the boys said, “if their hearts are in the wrong place, how shall we kill them when the time comes?”  
There was more laughter and Kent said, “they shall die as easily as any other man on that day.  We shall slaughter them like sheep.”  More eager laughter filled the room.  Kent said to Colin, “you do not laugh.  Are you afraid to kill?”  
Colin looked him in the eye and said, “I can kill at need but it is never something I take lightly.”  
Kent slapped him on the back and said, “you need to learn to lighten up and have more fun.  If you cannot enjoy it, what is the point of life?”  
There was much laughter at Colin’s expense but he remained silent.  His letter to Turin was grim indeed.  He did not know the details, but he was sure the Brotherhood was planning some sort of a revolt or coup.  Turin read the note with as little joy as Colin had found in writing it.  He called the other Brethren together and they began planning for the worst.
Colin was no longer assigned chores in the stable but patrolled the campus with his ignorant and mean partner as part of the student security detail.  He took no pride in the white sash or the ability to again carry a weapon, but the others lorded it over their unarmed fellows.  The students became even quieter and more terrified to do wrong or to be caught even in the appearance of it.  
Colin and his comrades were despised and reviled, though secretly envied by their fellows.  Students came flocking to Kent hoping to join his little militia, but all but the best swordsmen with the darkest hearts were refused.  Colin began taking careful note of those that were turned away, not for lack of skill with a sword but for ‘improper attitude’ as Kent called it.  Colin passed this information on to Turin and let him do with it as he would.  Kent’s posse became a very dark and dismal group with which to be associated; Colin would have been miserable save for his hope in the Master and his knowledge that beyond all of this there were people who truly cared about him and others.  If his experiences at the Academy had been the extent of his knowledge regarding human behavior he would have despaired completely of the future of mankind.  Thankfully he knew better.  
Turin went before the High Chancellor once more (it only took five days notice this time).  
“What is it this time?” sighed Raye, “I am a busy man.”  
Turin said, “I am sure you are.  I have come with my concerns regarding this so-called security detail.  Are you aware that Professor Kent is choosing only the meanest and cruelest students for this assignment?”  
Raye yawned, “they will make the best warriors.  Again, I have no interest in ideologies.”  
Turin said, “then why do you let one man whom you know to be of a certain ideology be solely in charge of this force?”  
Raye sighed, “you Brethren see treachery and evil everywhere.  You probably check under your beds of an evening!  He volunteered and I was glad of his help.  It is a good experience for the students and helps ensure order on campus.”  
Turin scoffed, “as if order were lacking.”  
Raye looked annoyed, “order is necessary for proper learning.  We cannot afford distractions.  Besides, the man is a very convincing speaker.  I think I shall even allow his minions to carry their weapons at all times as he has suggested.  You tire me with your rhetoric.  Be gone from my presence.”
Turin sighed but did as he was bidden.  This was not going well at all.  He hoped Colin was able to keep abreast of things ere they fell apart completely; this could only get worse before it got better.  Turin knew great evil was in the making and hoped there was another way to talk sense into Raye, but all he could do was make his case and leave the decision up to others.  He returned to his quarters and continued to mull over his plans on what to if the worst should come.
Since Colin no longer had to clean the stables, he happily volunteered to assist the Master at Arms with the sword classes that hour.  The man was not happy about Colin’s involvement in the security detail and during a private moment he said, “I had high hopes for you lad, but you continue to disappoint me.  You should not hang about with such ruffians, only evil will come of it.” 
Colin glanced around to assure they were alone and unobserved before he said, “something tells me to trust you and by telling you this I am putting my life in your hands.  I alone of all those who flock around Kent and his ilk am not there by choice but out of necessity.  It is my duty to observe these scoundrels and give warning ere disaster strikes.  They are planning something of great evil though I know not what.  You have access to weapons?”  The man nodded; his eyes were wide with wonder and curiosity.  Colin continued, “speak with Turin.  He has a list of students I think we can trust and you are free to add more names.  The ranks of this vile group grow day by day and only the blackest hearts are allowed to join.  I fear they plan the overthrow of the Academy.  You must be ready to arm the students should such an uprising occur.  I shall give warning if I can.  I fear many will die if we are not prepared, but the end might be the same whatever we do.”  
The man said, “what does the High Chancellor say?”  
Colin shook his head, “Kent and his two colleagues are members of a group known as the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  They have sold their souls to the Nameless One in exchange for great power.  One such power is the ability to cloud and influence another’s mind.  I fear the Chancellor has fallen under their influence.  Turin has spoken with him but he will not even listen.  The Brethren have seven swords but that will not be near enough.  If you can arm Geff and Kard we shall be nine, but still too few to face what is to come.”  Colin let the implications of what he had just said sink in.  
The man gaped, “you?  One of them?  How do I know you aren’t plotting your own little overthrow of the Academy?”  
Colin laughed grimly, “none of us is here by choice but out of necessity.  You may keep this dreary institution of yours; we want no part of it.  But we are all that stands between the world and utter darkness.  We have a presence wherever evil arises; fighting it has been our duty since the dawn of time.  Perhaps you do not trust the Brethren, but you trusted me enough to scold me for my involvement with such people.  If you trust nothing else, trust that.  Speak to Turin.  I must not be seen speaking with you or him too often, else the wrong people may start to notice.”  Just then the students began to file into the practice yard and all conversation was at an end.  
Colin hoped he had not made a dire mistake, but a few days later the Master at Arms drew him aside and said, “I have done as you asked.  I cannot believe such things are happening under the very nose of the administration and they sit aside and do nothing.  We have a plan, but we need time to implement it.  Can you give us at least an hour’s warning?”  
Colin nodded, “I will do it if at all possible.  Now all we can do is wait and be ready to strike if the need should arise.”  
The man nodded grimly but ceased to scold his favorite student.  Colin did not know what the plan hatched by the Brethren involved, but he would do all he could to see that they had ample warning.  The time was drawing nigh, their numbers were enough to wreak havoc amongst the unarmed and clueless student population they assumed they would be attacking.  The Professors could wear a sword but few save the Brethren, the Master at Arms, and the men of the Brotherhood exercised that privilege.  If the Brotherhood’s pupils fell upon their fellow students unaware, it would be a massacre.
Finally at one of their many evening meetings, Kent fully revealed his plot to his eager audience.  He said, “we shall strike soon.  Very soon.  We have selected each of you for both your skill with a blade and also for your dedication to the advancement of reason and knowledge at any cost.  We shall fall upon our weaker fellows like wolves upon lambs.  They will die in their ignorance and we shall assume control of this facility and from here we shall spread knowledge and reason across the world.  We shall rival Astoria and one day destroy her.  Superstition and myth shall die and reason and true power shall arise the victor.  At supper tomorrow we shall strike.  You shall kill anyone who refuses to surrender to us and our plans for progress.  Any questions?”  
No one said anything and he then outlined the plan in detail.  Colin felt his blood run cold.  How could such evil provoke excitement and mirth in anyone?  Had he once truly found equal delight in it?  His heart quavered at the thought, though he knew it to be true.  Such horrors had once served as his only true source of pleasure.  Though fleeting, the thrill made him feel alive.  Since, he had found the source of all true life and joy, but then his heart was cold and dead and it took such grisly pleasures to elicit any reaction at all.  
Kent finished briefing his troops and said, “after the slaughter you shall each be allowed to take your first step towards true knowledge and power.”  Colin could not believe the eagerness that lit every face.  Kent noticed Colin’s lack of enthusiasm, “and why are you uneager for tomorrow’s victory?”  
Colin sighed, “we have yet to succeed.  Much could happen in a day.”  
Kent laughed him to scorn, “fear not, our victory is assured.  You must not despair in the very face of victory.  Tomorrow you will learn what true power is.  You have great potential.  Do not disappoint me or I shall do what I must.  Understood?”  Colin nodded grimly.


Chapter 7

Colin slept little that night, but dared not contact any of his comrades lest he was watched.  The next morning he sat through his interminable classes, and finally, during the third hour he was able to seek out the Master at Arms.  He was closely watched by several of the students so could not overtly tell of the plan, but hoping the man was listening closely said, “I am not looking forward to supper this night.  There is just something about boiled liver that drains the life right out of me.  Whoever thought such a dish should be served on a regular basis is truly a heartless wretch.  Tonight will require more courage than I can muster.”  
The man laughed, “careful laddie or the Mistress of Student Affairs will have you before the High Chancellor, though I doubt even he could speak sense into that hard head as yours.  You are determined to remain set in your ways; mind your tongue or I shall know what to do.”
The other students laughed and Colin pretended to be chastened, though he secretly hoped he had conveyed his message.  The lesson drew to a close and the day inched on.  It was quite possibly the longest day of Colin’s life.  Finally supper arrived and the students filed in and took their places.  The plan was simple: Kent would stand up and announce that the Brotherhood was taking over the Academy and anyone who did not wish to participate in the new system could remain standing and die.  All those wishing to live were to hunker down with their hands on their heads.  The Brethren and the other armed professors were to die first and then the more rebellious or foolish students would be dealt with.  If all went well, the Brotherhood would soon be in control of the Academy.
After everyone had filed in, everyone except Kent took their seats.  All eyes turned to the man breaking protocol as a communal gasp filled the room.  He said loudly for all to hear, “I would like to welcome each of you to this momentous occasion.  Before your very eyes, we shall begin a grand new undertaking to spread reason and true knowledge to the entire world.  There will be a slight change in leadership during this transitional period, however.  I declare this Academy to be under the control of and the rightful property of the Brotherhood of the Serpent.”  As the words sunk in, all of Kent’s armed students stood and bared their blades.  The audience sat in stunned horror.  Kent continued, “any who wish to live will immediately drop to their knees and place their hands on their heads.  Those who wish to resist may remain standing until death drives them to the floor.  Do as I say.  Should any of our courageous Brethren feel the need to interfere, know that my students shall slay any number of these unarmed and helpless lambs until you surrender.”  
Turin stood and calmly said, “you would kill each and every one of us to advance your cause?”  
“Yes,” smiled Kent, “if you surrender, I may spare some of your lives.  Now on your knees and hand over your blade.”  
Turin nodded grimly, “you heard the man.  Any who wish to live a life enslaved to his ideals, please drop to your knees.  I suggest the rest of you fight for your lives and not trust in their complete lack of mercy.”  
“What?” snarled Kent, “How can you give such a speech?  They are helpless as newborn lambs; you are inciting a slaughter!  Their blood is on your hands.”  
Turin laughed grimly, “I think not.  Now!”  
At his command, a number of students drew forth blades previously hidden beneath their voluminous robes.  The Brethren and the Master at Arms were on their feet and ready to fight if needed.  Some of the other professors had also been warned and drew forth their weapons.  Those students without a weapon quickly withdrew to the sides of the room.  It was a stand off.  Their numbers were almost equal.  
Turin growled, “I suggest you surrender.”  In a louder voice he said, “any of the students in the sway of this vile man who drop their swords now will be pardoned.  Those who resist will face justice.”  Several of the students looked ready to cooperate, but dark looks from their fellows stayed their hands.  
“Kill them all!” snarled Kent, leaping upon Turin.  
Chaos broke out among the students and faculty as blows were exchanged.  A few students on each side fell, causing their fellows to stare in wide-eyed horror, if not drop their swords entirely.  Most had never killed before or even seen a violent death and found they had no stomach for either.  All across the room, swords were thrown down and students from both sides retreated to the far walls.  Those who still fought did so with a vengeance.  Many of the students on Kent’s side were desperate for the power he had promised, while the rest simply fought for their lives.  The men of the Brotherhood were quickly dealt with by a superior number of Brethren and professors.  With their leader down, all but the most determined of the students surrendered.  Colin fought for his life against three of the more desperate students; they were also the same three who had tried to make life unbearable when first he came.  
At first, the other students had come after him, thinking him in the sway of Kent, but he fought against his own ‘allies’ and they soon realized his true allegiance.  The three against whom he fought now were eager to avenge their fallen leader and their own shattered grasp at power.  He felled one, the other two pressed harder.  He took a slash across the shoulder but fought on as another dropped to his knees.  The last boy managed to slash Colin’s thigh before succumbing to Colin’s final stroke.
Two members of the Brotherhood were dead but Kent still clung to life.  He clutched at his hanging arm and snarled at Colin, “this is your doing, is it not?”  
Colin paused in trying to staunch his bleeding wounds and said, “it was I that informed them of their impending doom.”  
Kent snarled, “how?  Why?  I offered you everything!”  
Colin laughed weakly, “everything but what truly matters.  Your pitiful Brotherhood has nothing to compare with what I have found among the Brethren.”  “
You?” scoffed Kent, “I should have known.  I was right when I said that trusting anyone was folly.  I have killed myself with my own foolishness.”  
“You need not die,” said Colin softly.  
Kent scoffed again, “what would you know of it?  You have never faced such an end!  You have never had anything to worry about save your precious Master.  My masters do not tolerate failure.  It is a small mercy that I may take my own life rather than face their wrath.”  
Colin replied, “I know more of these things than you might think.  I once numbered among you.  There is always hope, even at the bitterest end of night.  Death is not the answer.”  
“I do not believe you,” snarled the man, “no one abandons their vows to the Nameless One and lives to tell about it.”  
Turin spoke, “by the Oath, he speaks truly.  I saw with my own eyes as he slew one of your greatest enemies and one of my dearest friends.  I also stood witness as he revoked the darkness and begged for the small mercy of death.  That mercy was not granted, instead the Lady offered him a second chance at life and he stands before you now a new man.  You may call all that we believe superstition or myth, but in my experience no mere myth has ever redeemed a life or saved a man’s soul from eternal darkness.”
Kent was speechless for a moment.  He had heard rumors of such things whispered in secret but publicly denied.  Pain tinged Turin’s voice as he spoke of the loss of his friend and joy as he spoke of Colin’s ransomed soul.  
Colin spoke, “take your own life and you will leave nothing behind but an oily puddle.  Your masters will not mourn your loss; they shall just replace you.  You think your life matters to them?  What has been the point of your entire existence?  Do not think death shall free you of the darkness.  Something waits beyond death, a fate of your own choosing.  I once thought as you do, that nothing lasts beyond this life, but I was wrong and nearly succumbed to that terrible fate.  You have chosen life without the Master and it is dark and drear.  Now imagine an eternity without even the vaguest hint of His presence.  The choice is yours, but you need not die this day.”  
Kent laughed long and loud, “very nice!  The Lady has made you a proper parrot.  Ever mimicking but never speaking your own words.  I know what it is I have chosen and I will remain true unto death.”  His words trailed away as he willed himself to die and nothing remained but a black ooze upon the flagstones.  Colin sighed and sat down heavily, still trying to stem the bleeding.  
Turin came up beside him and said quietly, “you tried, but the choice is always theirs.  You must not let failure eat away at your heart.  If not for you, many more would have died this night.  Come, let us see to those wounds before you bleed to death.”  
During the entire drama, everyone had watched in stunned silence, but the entire room erupted in excited chatter as the spectacle ended and everyone tried to give meaning to what they had just witnessed.  The wounded were tended and the dead carried out.  Miraculously there had been very few actual deaths.  Many were injured, but only half a dozen had been slain, including the three vile men of the Brotherhood.
The High Chancellor stormed in shortly thereafter.  No one bothered to bow.  “What is the meaning of this?!” he demanded, “What has happened?”  
Turin said, “this is why ideologies matter.  You would not listen!  Your precious professor Kent and his student militia attempted a coup this night.  Save for our efforts, many more would lie dead.  As it is, three of your students are dead and all three of your evil professors claiming allegiance to the Brotherhood.  Many are injured, but they will live.  As for the future of the Academy, I think it bleak indeed once word of this spreads.”  
Raye glared at Turin’s temerity and snarled, “how do I not know that it was not the Brethren who instigated the whole thing to gain control of the Academy?”  
Turin sighed, “how long have you been around us?  You know we cannot do any such thing without violating the Oath.  As I and most of my colleagues have not yet dropped dead you may be assured that we have not.  Make yourself useful and see to the wounded.”  
The man was taken aback but saw that he had little choice with every eye focused on him.  The question was what to do with the student aggressors?  Some had surrendered eventually, but others had slain (or attempted to slay) their comrades in cold blood and would not back down until forced.  Raye wanted to banish everyone who held a sword that night regardless of ‘side.’  
Turin said, “you cannot simply turn them all out into the wide world.  For some it would be a great injustice while those that are truly guilty would only turn to banditry or some other desperate act to survive.  I suggest you keep them all here, save those that murdered a fellow student and those that refuse to admit what they did was wrong.  Your Academy is about as joyless as any prison or work camp and a year here is punishment enough for any crime and will suffice for the latter.  
The murderers should be turned over to Arcan authorities to be dealt with accordingly.  Those students who did not participate in the uprising should be allowed a little more freedom in their lives; this is a learning institution, not a military academy.  Think back to your own University days.  Was not the brightest point in your day the chance to discuss things with your friends, or perhaps the very fact that you had them?  This place seems designed to remove any remaining vestiges of humanity and replace it with cold knowledge, but cold knowledge cannot fill that gap in the human heart.  There must be something greater else men will fill it with what they can.  Some of your students chose to fill it with power and selfishness and you have seen the result.”
Raye looked stricken, as if he saw all of his dreams for the future greatness of his Academy falling to dust around him.  Colin, seeming to read his thoughts spoke, “fear not that your dream is ended.  Every endeavor begins in smallness and must survive various trials and troubles before it becomes great.  Heed Turin’s words and you will be one step closer to greatness.  But true greatness requires humility and that quality is not to be found in this place.  You have great ambitions but are misguided in how to attain them.  You have avoided the failings of the University but have fallen into others just as bad, if not worse.  Wisdom and knowledge are tools, not an end in and of themselves.  A tool is only as great as the mind and intent behind it.  A sword in the hands of an enemy is terrible, but in the hands of a hero can stand between the innocent and death.  Your students need not only knowledge, but also direction and guidance in using their knowledge for the benefit of others else disasters such as this will be the inevitable result.”  
Raye sighed, “I see your point though I had hoped to establish this institution without the interference of the Brethren or the Master.  You have far too much influence as it is upon all history and learning.  It is time the hearts of men were freed from your intellectual tyranny.  It is time we moved on to something greater and the time is ripe!  
Turin smiled, “how can a created being exceed its creator?  How can our knowledge surpass the wisdom of Him who made all knowledge and truth?  It is foolish to think that it can be done.  That is why the Brethren will not separate their learning from the Truth or the Master: He is the source of all truth and knowledge and it is in His light that it is best interpreted and understood.  You can have the Master without wisdom but not wisdom without the Master.”  
“We shall see,” growled Raye but he seriously considered their propositions.
As things turned out, Turin’s plan was implemented and life as usual resumed at the Academy.  Five of the rebellious students were found to be guilty of murder, attempted murder, and rebellion and sent to the King for justice.  Most of the rest had either surrendered or had been driven on by fear and quickly recanted their intentions.  These were forgiven, but put on a year’s probation in which life continued as normal for them with very strict rules and far too much discipline.  The remaining students were allowed a little more freedom and were allowed to socialize, discuss, and debate with one another.  The Brethren were allowed to stay on in a teaching capacity and also advised the High Chancellor on restructuring the Academy into a more effective institution of learning and also a place that abounded with life instead of shutting it out.  
The Academy would do far better in the long run if it were actually a place that people looked forward to spending time rather than dreading every moment.  With matters seemingly under control, Turin felt that they should check on matters in Panmycea.  Via Geff, they sent word to the Lady of happenings in Arca and of their intent to visit General Karly’s burgeoning establishment in hopes of ending any quickening plots of the Brotherhood.  Geff was to deliver his message and then return to Panmycea if the Lady thought it appropriate.  Kard was to remain among the students to act as an unofficial source of information on the Truth and the Master, and also to act as a mentor and an example for the misguided though well-intentioned student body.  Colin and Turin would ride to Panmycea and offer what assistance they could.


Chapter 8

As they rode out of Arca, Colin sighed, “you have no idea how glad I am that that is over!”  
Turin laughed, “it was a dismal enough experience for me.  I know not how you survived among the students.  No wonder half of them were ready for a change (any change) in leadership.  I think things shall go better now.”  
They shared a hopeful grin but then laughed, knowing that with Raye in charge their hopes might be only wishful thinking.  It was a pleasant journey west and soon they were nearing the borders of Panmycea.  As they rode along one day, Turin noticed a rather roughly painted sign along one side of the road.  In large red letters it bore an arrow pointing along a narrow path with the words: ‘unicrons for sale.’  Unable to pass up such a curiosity, the pair turned off and followed the little lane.  At the end, they found a battered old man and half a dozen moth-eaten grey horses.  
“Evening gents,” said the old man, “have you come to look upon my fine stock?  You will find none better elsewhere.”  
Colin laughed incredulously, “those are unicorns?”  
The old man shook his head at the ignorance of his guest, “you know nothing of the beasties I see.  You should know that no unicorn will show his true self to anyone but his most trusted companions.  They look like nags to all but those they trust.”  
Turin laughed, “and how do we know that your nags are not truly what they appear?  I thought no unicorn could be tied against his will, let alone bought and sold?”  
The man smiled again, “that is just idle gossip perpetuated by the Brethren who want a monopoly on the beasts.  They are not thinking creatures as they say but only dumb brutes, though perhaps a bit smarter than the average horse.  They can be tamed as easily as anything else.”  Taragon tossed his head and snorted indignantly at such a thought.  
Colin chuckled, “I highly doubt your suppositions but I know that these poor old beasts are nothing but the nags they appear.  Has anyone actually ever captured a unicorn?  They are elusive and rarely glimpsed, let alone caught.”
The man smiled, “you are right laddie.  I am simply a poor old man trying to make my way in the world, and sadly I have turned to scamming foolish folk into buying these broken down old beasts.  But I hope my luck will soon be a’changing.  I know of a man in the north as calls himself ‘the Unicorn Hunter,’ and he is soon setting out on an expedition to capture one.  He is looking for able-bodied men with fast horses to assist him.  Perhaps you gents would care to accompany me?  He promises an equal share in the profits.”  
Turin asked, “why would you offer such a thing to strangers?”  
The man laughed, “it is no secret and the offer is open to everyone.  I just figured having two armed men with me on the journey north would be safer than going it alone.  The roads are not completely safe you know.”  
Turin nodded and said, “give us a moment alone please.”  The man shrugged and gazed idly off into the distance.  The Brethren rode aside and once out of earshot, Turin said, “it is a crazy venture and will like as not fail, but I think at least one of us should go, just to make sure these fools cause no harm.”  
Colin nodded, “it would be no different than if we heard about a plot to capture village children for profit, save a unicorn is infinitely more difficult to catch.  Let me go.  I am not all that popular in Panmycea I think.  If this turns out to be a fool’s errand at least I will be near enough to Astoria to ride home and discover what the Lady would have us do next.”  
Turin nodded, “I agree.”  They made their farewells and Turin continued down the road to Panmycea.  
Colin rode back to the little clearing and said, “I shall come with you.  My friend has pressing business in the west and must ride on.”  
The old man smiled, “welcome aboard my friend.  We shall leave immediately.  Business has been slow of late.  I hate to turn the poor beasts loose but they cannot come with and no one will be mad enough to buy them.  Perhaps they will find a better master than I.”  He removed the halters from the horses and turned them loose.  The ancient creatures ambled placidly away.  Colin hoped they would meet some kind person upon their path to take them in and care for them in their failing years; the fate of a ruined horse was not a kind one.
They set out immediately for the north and the unclaimed lands wherein unicorns were rumored to roam.  The old man’s name was Zeb and it seemed his whole life had been one of wandering and trying to scrape a living by any means possible.  He was not actually as old as he appeared, but years of hard living had taken their toll.  Colin said simply that he wandered the world in service to a noble Lady doing various tasks, great and small.  She was very fond of unicorns and therefore this business of theirs would be of great interest to her.  Zeb seemed to think that unicorns were truly mindless beasts and thus hunting them, trading them, or keeping them captive was of no greater concern than owning a horse or hunting deer.  He also thought the Brethren quite selfish for spreading such rumors about the brutes.  Everyone should have equal access to the creatures, not one special group.  It was tyranny!  
Zeb did not know how the Hunter planned to find and capture one of the creatures, but he was sure he had a good plan.  The Brethren of course knew the truth about unicorns, and as sapient creatures, holding them against their will, trading them, or using them unwillingly was akin to slavery.  Killing them was nothing short of murder.  Colin tried to speak with the man about it but he would not hear of it, insisting Colin was merely deluded by the Brethren’s nonsense.  They rode steadily north, passing very close to the borders of Astoria.  Colin yearned to turn Taragon towards home, but he pressed on with his strange companion north, whence their duty lay.  They finally reached the village of Waymeet, which was to be the rallying point for the hunters.  They stayed for several days and encountered half a dozen would-be hunters.  Finally, the Hunter himself arrived with several men in tow.  The man was encouraged by the turn out and that night regaled his new comrades with stories of his own adventures in the Northern Wilds and the unclaimed country west of Astoria.  
Colin asked, “how do you plan on capturing one of the beasts?  I know men occasionally catch a glimpse of them, but seeing one and taming it are two very different things.”  
Halfway through his fourth mug of ale, the Hunter slurred, “good question.  We shall send out scouts and pursue the beasts in the wild country where they dwell.  I hope to capture one using a special halter an old witch gave me.  She claims no unicorn alive can fail to be tamed by it.  That is the secret the Brethren have kept hidden for centuries, or so she says.  Now it is known to me and perhaps soon to all the world.  Failing that, I will capture a very young one.  The adults can easily out run a horse and are fierce fighters at bay, but a baby has not the speed or terror of his elders.  The mother of course will have to be killed, for she will defend her foal to the death.  But let us hope it will not come to that.  It would be a pity to slay such a creature, especially when a King may ransom his entire Kingdom to have one!  We must be off to bed lads.  Tomorrow we leave early.”  
Colin laughed quietly to himself, thinking of the enchanted halters the man was trusting in.  Unicorns were resistant to the evil of the Brotherhood and in certain cases could even counteract it.  What danger could a mere dabbler in such vile magics pose to a unicorn?  Colin thought the halters as likely to work as Zeb’s nags were likely to carry one of the Brethren into battle.  The thought of confronting a mare and her newborn foal however made Colin’s blood run cold.  Who would think to perpetrate such an evil?  Certainly the men thought them no more than dumb beasts, but even then to slay such a beautiful creature simply for selfish gain was reprehensible.  Colin slept little that night, wondering what would come of this mad enterprise.
Nearly a dozen men traveled north into that wild country, unclaimed by any sovereign.  There were not even the scattered farms and villages one could find in the Northern Wilds.  This was true wilderness.  Long ago, it had been the seat of civilization and society, but long years and many wars had transformed it into nothing but wilderness, scattered ruins, and forgotten tales.  It was a land of ancient forests, rolling meadows, and rushing streams.  Bears, wolves, lions, and occasionally evil things strayed out of the Wilds lurked in those lands, along with a plethora of elk, deer, and moose.  For a week they saw nothing.
They sent out scouts and traveled slowly, hoping to find some sign.  Colin wondered how long this errant venture would last if they found nothing.  The Hunter might continue his foray but his colleagues would soon turn to more promising enterprises.  If this all proved vain, Colin thought that might be the best possible outcome, but one of the scouts soon found tracks.  The cloven hoof marks were plainly seen in the mud along a stream, a tuft of white hair was caught in a nearby thorn bush, and they even found a few young saplings that had strips of bark missing, as if something had been rubbing horn or antler against them.  It was a promising start, though something was not right about the whole situation.  Taragon shook his head and snorted in contempt at the hunters.  He seemed to enjoy the whole concept of the hunt and the ineptitude with which it was carried out.  He was not happy about men thinking to take advantage of his kin, but they would keep that from happening thus he was free to enjoy the antics of the misguided hunters.  They followed the tracks and signs for three days.  Finally, they found their quarry.
Four shaggy beasts snorted upon catching scent of the hunters.  The adults came forward and lowered their heads, their long horns ready for battle.  The youngsters in the group quickly retreated behind the protective screen of their elders.  They had caught the herd grazing in a meadow with a great outcropping of rock at their backs.  The herd was now caught between the hunters and the rocky wall; malice glinted in their beady black eyes.  They had found their quarry but had wasted three days tracking a herd of feral cattle.  The rangy beasts were little more than shaggy white hair, horns, sinew, and bone.  They were not like the docile beasts kept around every farmstead for milk and beef: these were cattle who had not known domesticity in a thousand years and had survived simply because they were too mean to die.  The hunters cautiously backed away from the herd, not wishing to come between one of the awful creatures and her calf.  The only worse fate would be to come between a unicorn mare and her foal or perhaps irritating a dragon.  Taragon found the whole situation endlessly amusing.  Colin had wondered at their quarry from the beginning.  He had noticed a bit of what appeared to be cow dung, but in their excitement no one else had even bothered to consider what that might portend.  At least they were still nowhere near capturing one of Taragon’s fellows and the longer the hunt continued without some hint or sign, the greater the chances of all giving up and going home.  
They spent several more days vainly searching for some sign of the elusive beasts.  Unicorns can travel silently when they wish and can change their color, shape, and even scent at will to throw off pursuit.  They would be extremely fortunate to even glimpse one of the creatures.  Colin found it ironic that they rode with one of the creatures in their very midst yet knew it not.  One night, Colin lay down, trying to sleep but something kept him from drifting into unconsciousness.  Finally he got up and went to the picket lines in search of Taragon.  The stallion was anxious and nothing would quiet him.  Not knowing exactly what the stallion wanted, Colin loosed him and mounted; they were off like an arrow from the string.  For an hour they traveled as quickly and silently as only a unicorn can.  Finally they came upon a little clearing, well hidden unless one knew exactly where to look.  
There lay a unicorn, obviously in distress.  Colin had seen enough laboring cows and mares to know that the mare was trying to give birth and having trouble.  A nose and a leg protruded, but she made no progress.  In awe, Colin slid from the stallion’s back and cautiously approached the mare, not knowing if she would try to kill him or would accept his assistance or even if such assistance was proper.  The moment he was on the ground, the stallion vanished.  Apparently, Colin was not the only one concerned about propriety.  As he approached, the mare whickered a welcome, stood up, and moved her tail aside.  He had played midwife to countless cows, ewes, and mares, having grown up on a farm, but this was like helping an unknown lady deliver her child.  But short of Astoria, he was the only help available.  Something would have to be done soon or both mare and foal would die.
He removed his tunic and washed as best he could in a little stream that ran through the glade.  The mare groaned as his cold hand felt its way around the trapped foal.  The foal’s nostrils twitched and it pulled its foot away at his touch: at least the baby was still alive.  He soon found what he sought.  The right leg was pulled back against the foal’s side rather than sticking straight ahead as it should have been.  Carefully, he manipulated the leg and brought it up into its proper position.  A horse would have strained and squeezed the whole time, crushing his arm and hand between the mare’s bony pelvis and the foal, but the mare strained as little as possible while he tried to help her.  She saved him much pain and effort in the process.  Once the contrary leg was in the proper position, the mare heaved with all her might and Colin found himself pushed backward to the ground underneath the struggling foal.  The mare turned around and immediately began licking and nuzzling her newborn colt.  Colin disentangled himself from the leggy little creature and made his way to the stream and cleaned up as best he could and put his shirt back on.  Taragon was waiting for him and together they made their way back to the camp.  
The Hunter was also waiting for them, “off doing a little midnight scouting?”
Colin shrugged, “I could not sleep and we have not found anything but wild cattle thus far so I thought perhaps a midnight ride might avail something.”  
“And did it?” asked the Hunter.  
Unable to lie, Colin said, “I found something that might be of interest but it would be better to wait until daylight so we can fully examine the area.”  
The man smiled, “good.  I fear that unless we find something soon our little expedition may come to a premature end.  We shall see what you have found.  For your sake, I hope you tell the truth.”  The man smiled at him grimly and then sought his blankets.  Colin hoped the mare and foal would have time to move on before the hunters arrived.  Taragon whickered reassuringly.  Colin patted the great neck in thanks, but sleep did not come that night.
It took nearly two hours to reach the little clearing at the pace set by the horses.  The Hunter was ecstatic: the signs that something had given birth in that clearing recently were obvious.  Like horses, a unicorn does not consume the afterbirth and it lay in all its hideous glory upon the ground in that secluded glade.  The tracks were also those of some cloven-hoofed creature.  A long white tail hair caught on a branch added to the excitement; they had found their quarry.  The men mounted up and followed the scanty trail.  The mare had not gone far, slowed by her newborn.  They came upon three mares, one nearly grown foal, a half grown foal, and the new colt.  The mares and oldest foal came forward while the two youngsters drew back.  If it came to a fight, Colin did not doubt many of the men would die and all of the adult unicorns.  The Hunter ordered everyone to get their bows out and to be ready, if necessary, to kill the adults.  
Colin protested, “you cannot do this!”  
The Hunter looked grim, “I will do what I must.  Including kill you!  Now either help or get out of the way.  I am moments from victory.”  
Colin smiled, “what if you can capture all six?”  
The Hunter looked interested, “how would I do that?  Those mares look ready to sell their lives dearly.”  
Colin said, “how many halters do you have?”  
The man said, “four.”  
Colin smiled, “good.  I am willing to try capturing the older creatures.  The youngsters will not stray far from their dams.  And if I die in the process it is no great loss to you.  That baby cannot yet go far and I doubt the herd will abandon him to his fate.”  
The man gaped, “you are just going to walk up to one of the creatures and ask politely to place a halter on its head?”  
Colin shrugged, “I have no wish to see them or us die.  I am willing to risk it.  Besides, if the halters are truly magical as you think, perhaps it will have some calming influence around the creatures.”  
The man said, “it is as good a plan as any I suppose, but your blood is on your own hands.  If this does not work I will continue with my plan.”  
“Very well,” said Colin.  
The man rummaged around in his saddlebags and drew forth the four halters.  While the man found his equipment, Colin very quickly outlined his plan to Taragon, who communicated it to the other unicorns.  The mares were not happy, but it seemed the only viable plan and there seemed little true danger on their part.  All they had to do was appear tame long enough for the colt to gain the strength necessary to outrun the horses, then no one could catch them.  Colin took the first halter, dismounted, and walked up to the lead mare.  She eyed him suspiciously but allowed herself to be ‘captured.’  He repeated the process with the other two mares and the oldest foal.  They were not happy, but no one had died, and as long as they were patient all should turn out well.  The creatures could escape at any moment, but as long as the colt could not keep up they were vulnerable, thus they must pretend to be cowed until the foal was strong enough to outrun all else that lived.  
A week to ten days was all the time he needed, and since they were in uninhabited lands and could not travel quickly with the newborn, there should be time enough before they returned to civilization.  The other hunters stared in amazement as one after the other of the creatures allowed itself to be captured.  The old witch had been right!  Actually there was nothing special about the halters.  Colin doubted if they were strong enough to hold even the most docile of mortal horses.  There was certainly no magic about them; the only thing keeping the unicorns from fleeing was their cooperation with Colin’s plan.  
“Well done!” grinned the Hunter, “I would not have believed it had I not seen it for myself.  We shall rest here for the day and then slowly make our way back to more civilized country.  I would hate to tire our youngest prize.”  The small family of unicorns moved off to one side of the meadow and grazed for the morning and then retired to a shaded grove for the heat of the afternoon.  They did not try to run, but kept well away from any of the humans.  Colin was the only one who could approach them.
As they sat around the fire that night, the Hunter said to Colin, “should we tie them to something?”  
Colin shook his head, “I think if they were going to run they would have by now.  They will follow as we travel, but you are right in saying we should go slowly.  The foal is very young and vulnerable right now.”  
The Hunter asked, “why can you approach them and not the rest of us?”  
Colin mused, “who knows what strange powers the halters have?  Perhaps as the man who first caught them I have some slight advantage over others?  Perhaps things will change with time?”  
The Hunter nodded, “perhaps, but we have our quarry and that is the important thing.  I wonder if we should not try breaking some of them as we travel?  Do you think the halter makes them docile enough to ride?”  
Colin chuckled, “it may make them tame as any horse but I think, like a horse, they must be trained and acclimated to people and their ways before they can bear a rider.  I do not think this the time to try our hands at taming them.  Let their new owners worry about that.  The very fact that we have them in our hands is enough.”  
The Hunter smiled, “my thoughts exactly.  It is miracle enough that we have captured the creatures at all.  Their new owners can take the trouble and injury of trying to break them.”  
They traveled very slowly, though much more slowly than they really needed to, but every day gave the foal more strength and speed.  Soon he would be able to outrun the swiftest horse.  Finally the day arrived.  The mare knew her foal was ready and Taragon made this fact known to Colin.  They fled during the darkest watch of the night when Colin was the only one standing watch.  He did not waken his replacement nor alert anyone to the fact that their quarry had vanished.  When the men awoke they were at first baffled and then furious.
“Where have they gone?” shouted the Hunter, “what have you done with my prize?”  
Colin sat atop Taragon and had his sword out, ready to fly, but first he had to make sure these men forsook their foolish crusade.  
“They have gone back to wherever it is they call home,” said Colin, “the foal is now strong enough to outrun your horses and you shall never catch them.  It was all a ruse to buy time for the little one to gain strength.  Your halters are useless; they had no effect upon the creatures.  It was by a mutual understanding that they came along willingly and once they could outrun you they left.  Does this not prove that they are intelligent and thinking creatures, and that your aspirations would have been nothing short of murder and slavery?  Be gone and abandon this folly.  Even if you did somehow manage to capture one, it would die before it allowed itself to be an unwilling slave.  Persist in this foolishness and many lives will be needlessly lost, both among yourselves and among those you hunt.”  
“It is my right to hunt them in these unclaimed lands,” snarled the Hunter, “no one rules over these lands and I may take anything within them without fear of punishment or legal ramifications!”  
“Sapient creatures are protected wherever they roam,” said a new voice, “murdering a child is still murder even if he lives in the Northern Wilds.  Drop your weapons and surrender.”  Six of the Brethren rode into the clearing with swords drawn.  The other hunters were so surprised by the newcomers that they complied without quarrel, though Colin still held his sword and remained mounted.  
While the others were securing the rest of the party, the youngest rode up to Colin and bared his sword.  The boy growled, “drop your sword and dismount!”  
“Easy lad,” laughed Colin, “you have caught the villains without a fight.  Put up your sword and relax.”  The boy’s face was grim with fury and ill-contained frustration.  He rode forward and put his sword to Colin’s throat, “you will put away your sword now else I will have justice!”  
“Raine!” shouted the leader of the group, “Do not be a fool.  Put up your sword!”  
The boy hardly looked chastened and did not sheath his blade.  He merely drew it back from Colin’s throat by a few inches.  “He will not obey!  He is a vile man who would enslave a mere baby!  We must have justice!” said the boy angrily.  
The older man approached from the far side of the camp, “have you not heard what I said?  We shall have justice but not revenge.  Look at the man you are confronting!  Put away your weapon!”  The boy still would not obey and shifted, as if he might strike at Colin.  
His stallion, having more sense than his master, bucked and flung the boy to the ground.  “Vile wretch!” snarled the boy at Colin, “Whatever evil tricks you have used to confound my mount shall end now.”  
He retrieved his fallen sword and prepared to attack Colin from the ground.  Taragon had had enough.  He dropped his guise of being a normal horse and turned on the boy in fury.  There is nothing more terrible than a unicorn stallion in a rage, save a cranky dragon.  The boy fell to the ground and again dropped his sword.  The stallion seemed mollified and stayed his attack.  He had never intended to harm the boy, only to scare him into obedience.  The boy alternated between mumbles and whimpers, “how?  Who?  Why?  I did not see…I do not understand?  How can he ride with such scoundrels?”  
Colin dismounted and sheathed his blade.  He had never seen such behavior in one of the Brethren, apprentice though he be.  He said, “it is one thing not to see that I am one of your comrades.  It is quite another to disobey a direct order from a superior.  Not to mention the fact that striking me in a rage would be a very good way to break your Oath.  You must learn to control your anger before it destroys you.  Justice cannot be meted out in fury and wrath, but only after careful deliberation from cool and objective minds.  Yes, these men attempted something terrible, but even that does not justify what you intended, especially when you know not the full story.  They thought unicorns mindless beasts, no different perhaps than a deer or an ox.  They now know the error of their ways and I hope will be more careful in future.”
The boy was mortified.  His commander stood over him and said, “the Lady shall hear of this and you have drawn the late watch this night.”  
The boy got shakily to his feet and said, “I apologize for my behavior.  I did not see who I was confronting and was overcome by righteous indignation on behalf of the innocent.  I acted in rashness and anger, neither of which is conducive to justice, peace, or mercy.  Please forgive me.”  
Colin nodded and the head of the patrol seemed mollified.  The man turned to Colin and said, “I do apologize for what happened here.”  
Colin shrugged, “it was a misunderstanding, the boy has much to learn, but no blood was shed nor Oaths broken.”  
The man asked, “what are you doing in company with these scoundrels?”  
Colin smiled, “trying to avert disaster, which is exactly what we managed to do.  Everything has turned out for the best, though I hope you weigh the ignorance of these men in your decision as to what to do with them.  I tried to tell them their mistake but they would not listen.  They rode off in pursuit of riches, not intending to murder or enslave another being, though without our interference they would have done both.  What is a patrol doing out this far from Astoria?”  
The leader smiled, “we had set out simply on patrol when our mounts decided they were needed elsewhere and here we are.  It seems we arrived too late.”  
Colin laughed in relief, “not at all.  My colleagues had not yet gotten around to killing me, but it was only a matter of time.  I appreciate the interference very much.”  
The other man smiled, “very well, let us see what your friends have to say for themselves.”  
The Hunter was brought forth and made to speak.  He admitted hearing that unicorns were sapient creatures but had failed to believe it.  As such, he now realized he was wrong in his pursuits and said he would not do it again.  The others agreed.  As far as threatening Colin, they had done so out of anger and surprise and also apologized for their rashness.  The decision was made that the hunters had set out upon faulty judgment but had in the end committed no crime.  They could go free as long as they refrained from such vile activities in future.  They all happily agreed, especially since the consequences for kidnapping with intent to sell into slavery were dire.  
Before he rode off, the Hunter said, “to think we had a unicorn among us the whole time!  You did well, I am only sad to say we shall probably never work together again.”  
Zeb said, “I cannot believe I tried passing those poor old nags off to you as unicorns and you just stood there and said nothing about the true nature of your mounts!”  
Colin said, “I hope you can find a more honest line of work.”  
Zeb laughed and said, “I shall certainly try.”  


Chapter 9

It was little more than a day’s ride back to Astoria as the unicorn runs.  The Lady was perplexed as to the fate of her missing patrol, which had simply vanished a couple of days prior and was delighted to see them return.  She was not happy to learn of the misadventures of the hunting party, but heartened that it had been resolved without bloodshed.  Colin’s presence was a surprise, but such things happened so frequently that she took it easily in stride.  She was pleased by his news from Arca and thought their decision to go on to Panmycea a good one.  She would send Colin and Geff to meet Turin immediately.  
There was still the question of what to do with Raine.  The boy’s temper was infamous and this was not the first time he had had to stand before the Lady and explain his behavior.  She had assented to him taking his Oath because his heart was truly in the right place and she hoped it would aid him in gaining control of himself.  He had come very close to violating his Oath on at least three occasions and at this rate was likely to succeed in the near future.  He stood before her the picture of repentance, but ever it failed to make any impact on his behavior.  
She said, “Raine this must stop.  Either you will violate your Oath and thus be lost to us else your temper shall get you into some situation that you will not survive.  I know you are sorry for what you have done, but it never seems to change how you handle yourself.  We cannot go on like this.  Would it be better for you to willingly revoke your Oath and then go off and live peaceably as best you can?”  
The boy looked horrified at the thought, “no Lady, I am intent upon this course.  Please do not send me away.  I know I must do better.”  
“Very well,” said she, “perhaps you need more attention than you are able to find in service to me in Astoria.  You shall ride with Colin and Geff to Panmycea.  You shall be apprenticed to Colin until further notice.”  
His combined look of horror and pleasure was an interesting study as he said, “Lady, he is a Messenger and I had hoped to become a Warrior.”  
The Lady shook her head, “first we shall get you through your apprenticeship and then we shall worry about which sect you shall serve.”  The boy bowed in acquiescence.  The Lady continued, “there is no man in my service who has overcome greater anger or exercised greater patience than he.”  
Colin stepped forward and said, “Lady, I have only been numbered among your servants for a short time.  Am I truly ready for such a responsibility?”  
The Lady smiled gently, “we are very often not ready for any responsibility until we find ourselves thrust into the midst of it and must learn as we go.  You have the knowledge, skills, and heart for this assignment.  Raine is in dire need of your help and you are the only one who can give it.”  
Colin bowed, “as you have bidden Lady, so shall I do.”  
They made their farewells and made ready to ride the following morning.  But Raine was extremely awkward around his new mentor.  It had not been a good start for either of them that their first encounter had been such as it was.  The boy trailed a good foot behind Colin as they made their way through the corridors.  Colin stopped abruptly and faced the boy, “why do you act like a beaten dog?  I hold no enmity towards you after our initial encounter.  We must work together and I cannot have such a timid companion.  You are a man.  Act like it.  Stand up, speak clearly, and stand your ground when it is required, but also know when it is better to back down or compromise.”  
The boy nodded.  Colin continued, “I also expect you to obey an order immediately.  Any hesitation may cost you or both of us our lives.  This is not some merry ride on a spring day.  This is dangerous and delicate work in which we have found ourselves.  I will leave you here if you cannot comply, or if I find that you cannot obey once we are upon the road I shall send you immediately home.  Understood?”  The boy nodded again.  Colin smiled gently, “very well.  Then I think we can work together.  I will help you to learn to recognize and control your anger and frustration rather than letting it control you.  You need not fear me or worry that I shall hold your mistakes against you.  I have been forgiven far greater crimes than you can ever imagine!  I know we seem harsh with you at times but it is out of concern for you as well as everyone around you.”  
The boy offered a small, tremulous smile and said, “thank you.  I aspire to do my best but always find myself falling short or acting out in rage.  Any help you can offer will be gladly accepted.”
That night after supper, Colin called the young man to a private place where they could speak.  He said, “we shall spend the evening getting to know one another.  Tell me of yourself and what you can from whence your anger springs.”  
The boy said, “I grew up on a farm in the Northern Wilds.  Bandits killed my father and sorely abused my mother.  I was but a boy at the time and she hid me as best she could before they got into the house.  They took what little we had of value and left us utterly alone.  We eked out a living for a few months but my mother never recovered.  She died a few months later.  The healer said it was swamp fever but I think she died of grief.  I was left alone and heartbroken.  I had seen my parents die and had been unable to do anything but hide in terror.  I vowed then never to be found weak and helpless again, that I would avenge and protect the innocent.  I set out at once for Astoria.  After some years as a student I was allowed to take my Oath a couple of months ago.  I think my anger stems from all those years of guilt over my helplessness and my determination not to let others suffer as I did.”  
Colin shook his head sadly, “I think I begin to understand.  You must not blame yourself!  You were a child.  It was those vile men and they alone who deserve the blame.  Your mother did the only thing she could and you must not feel ashamed over such courage and sacrifice on her part.  You must also realize that bad things happen in this world, and though we can prevent or rectify some of them, no one person can prevent all the horrors that happen.  You will drive yourself to ruin if you do not realize that.  By joining the Brethren you can help stop some of that evil, but we will never stop all of it.  Do what you can but never berate yourself for things beyond your control.  You know well the difference between justice and revenge.  Revenge is no better than the very evils you have suffered.  Remember that and act accordingly.  Now I will tell you a tale of great evils and the good that came from meaningless tragedy.  For that is the beauty of the Master: He can take the world’s tragedies and bring something of good and meaning from the wreckage.  Such is the tale of my life.”
The boy looked at the man strangely, “what do you mean?”  
Colin smiled, “you shall soon hear the tale.  As you heard, I have not been among the Brethren very long.  Barely a year have I been in the Lady’s service.  Before that I was numbered among those who have sworn their souls to the Enemy.”  The boy looked stricken.  Colin continued, “I was one of the more powerful among those who call themselves the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  I thought nothing but power and evil could make life meaningful, but even at the height of my power I felt nothing but emptiness.  After the Battle of the Plains, I was stationed in Panmycea and assigned to keep the Citadel from falling into the hands of the enemy.  
There were a handful of soldiers from the Legion of the Serpent stationed there as well.  I had them firmly under my sway until a boy named Kard came from the University and somehow got himself admitted in order to negotiate an end to the siege laid by General Karly and his allies.  He succeeded and the soldiers were allowed to leave free and clear if they agreed to abandon the structure completely.  I did not trust them so took the scholar captive.  The apprentice accompanying the boy offered himself in exchange for my captive to which I readily agreed.  After all, of what use is a scholar to the Brotherhood?  Then the most surprising thing of all happened: one of the Brethren offered to take the boy’s place!  
Of course I agreed to this, as the man was probably the most hated man in the entire world by my fell masters and I could use him to buy my life when my masters learned that I had failed in my mission.  But I also wondered what these fools would be willing to trade for so great a warrior if he would trade himself for a mere apprentice.  We rode for Astoria to see what the Lady would give in exchange for the life of her servant.  She refused to bargain with evil.  I could not believe it and nearly slew the man right there, except his friend stayed my hand.  
She gave me until evening to get beyond the borders of Astoria.  I, my hostage, and three of the man’s friends rode for the border.  As soon as we were safely beyond the Lady’s reach, I killed the man, hoping to feel some sense of triumph but I felt nothing.  In the moment of my greatest triumph, my heart lay cold and dead within me!  I was overcome by shame, guilt, anger, frustration, doubt, and despair.  I begged for death when I could easily have ridden away.  They said if I desired justice, it was the Lady’s duty to mete it out.  I agreed, after all I had just slain her husband and she would surely give a swift end to my shattered heart and mind.  Instead she offered me another chance.  And since, I have been a new man, dedicated ever to the Master’s service.”
The boy looked at Colin in a mixture of wonder, horror, and joy.  
Colin smiled, “little did you know what you had gotten yourself into when you agreed to be my apprentice.  But if there is any man alive that can teach you to overcome anger I believe it is I.  Do you still wish to accompany me, knowing what I was?”  
The boy blushed, “you agreed to accompany me even after my horrid treatment of you and I was one of the Brethren at the time!  At least you had not yet taken your Oath when you did all those things.  Besides, if the Lady and Master can forgive you, who am I to disagree?”  
Colin smiled, “good, then I shall see you in the morning.  We had best get some sleep.”  
Colin returned to his room and fell asleep wondering what to do with the boy.  Raine slept little and wondered at the strange man with whom he would be apprenticing.  Morning came and the three assembled in the courtyard.  Raine had met Geff occasionally on the boy’s infrequent visits to Astoria.  They set out and traveled at a brisk pace, but it was not so fast that Raine could not speak quietly to Geff.  
The boy said, “Colin told me his story last night.  I can hardly believe it!  Have you heard it before?”  
Geff smiled grimly, “I saw it happen.  I was one of those he took hostage and it was my mentor that traded his life for mine.  I saw Tristan die and helped bury him.  Now I ride beside the man as a Brother.  Who needs fiction when life is so strange a tale?”  Raine marveled at the other boy.  Not only had he heard the tale, he had lived it and he still seemed to respect and trust the man.  If Colin could overcome all of that, why could he not overcome his own failings?  He was silent as they rode ever southwards.
As they rode, Colin often talked with them of many things and of an evening would have them practice the more physical disciplines.  They wondered what would meet them across the borders in Panmycea; ever had that country been in the hands of the Order of the Unicorn and later the Legion of the Serpent.  After the fall of the Legion at the Battle of the Plain, General Karly and his as yet unnamed band had taken over the great fortress known as the Citadel.  Though completely separate from the Brethren, Karly gladly accepted their advice and allowed them to teach whatever they wished to his men.  He hoped their influence could keep his organization from falling into the greed and selfishness of the former Order.  Needless to say, it was not a country the Brethren had visited on a regular basis in former years.  
They crossed the border into the little country and traveled half a day before encountering a patrol.  The six men stopped in the road before the three strangers, who then halted their mounts to address the patrol.  The leader was about to ask their business when he gasped and motioned for his men to draw their weapons.  The unicorns, sensing danger, started to back up.  
Colin, suspecting what might be happening, said, “remain calm.  These men are not our enemies.”  
The leader gave him an odd look but said, “you are under arrest.  Surrender your weapons immediately.  Resistance will be met with deadly force.”  
Colin asked, “may I ask from whence this accusation springs?”  
The leader gave him another startled look but said, “are you not the man who took a hostage and fled when the Citadel fell?”  
Colin said, “I am he.”  
The man smiled coldly, “a warrant was issued for your arrest as soon as you left.  You are accused of kidnapping, murder, and treason.”  
Colin nodded and moved towards his sword.  The patrol braced for violence but the man simply took his weapon and handed it over to the patrol leader.  He did the same with his dagger and bow.  The soldiers looked at him as if they had never seen a man before.  What fugitive willingly surrendered?
The two apprentices gaped at Colin but dared make no move without his leave.  Geff said, “I thought all that messy business had been settled?”  
Colin said ruefully, “things have been settled in Astoria perhaps, but not here where the crime was perpetrated.  I will face the consequences of my actions.  I have already been spared the death I so justly deserve.  I was a fool to think I could simply walk back into this country without causing something of a stir.  I suggest you two go find Turin and tell him of this little fiasco.  It will be up to him and the General to determine my fate.”  Colin faced the leader of the patrol, “the boys are apprentices of the Brethren.  They have nothing to do with this.”  
The leader said, “I have no interest in the boys.  They are free to go.”  
Colin nodded and said, “then you two had best get going.”  The unicorns fled swiftly towards the city but what help might await there none could say.  
The leader of the patrol stared after them and said, “I must bind your hands.”  Colin allowed himself to be bound and Taragon reluctantly allowed his reins be taken by one of the soldiers.  All six escorted the prisoner towards the city and justice.  
The two boys traveled as swiftly as their mounts could run.  Shortly they arrived at the city gates and were forced to stop their headlong flight and justify their passage to the guards.  Two armed men on galloping horses were enough to make the guards suspicious and it took some little time to talk their way into being allowed to even enter the city.  They made their way to the great fortress that loomed over everything like some massive sea cliff.  The guards upon the gates of the Citadel itself were not so easy to impress with the urgency of their tale.  
Geff said, “we must speak with Turin immediately.  A man’s life hangs in the balance!”  
The guard did not look impressed, “and what business would you have with one of the Brethren?  He is in a meeting with the General and cannot be disturbed.”  
Geff said sternly, “I am one of the Brethren and I happen to be Turin’s apprentice.  If anyone has a right to interrupt his meeting, it is I.  The blame for the inconvenience will fall upon me alone.  I know in this matter he would be much angrier had I waited than interrupted their meeting.”
The guard sighed, “on your head be it.  If you do not tell the truth, I think perhaps a stay in the stocks is in order.”  Geff did not flinch and a soldier was sent running.  The man returned immediately, the boys were allowed to enter, and were swiftly escorted to the chamber in which Turin, Pallin, and the General sat.  
The boys made their bows and Turin said, “Geff this had better be important.  You know better than to interrupt a meeting unless the need is dire.”  
Geff said, “I am sorry about your meeting sir, but Colin has been arrested.  They ride hence as we speak.”  Both of the elder Brethren looked stunned.  The General seemed rather confused.  
“Has he broken Oath?” asked Turin desperately.  
Geff shook his head, “no, the trouble stems from the unpleasantness that accompanied the fall of the Citadel.”  
Turin turned to Karly, “you put a warrant out for the man who captured Tristan?”  
The General was finally starting to understand, “the man committed a crime during the fulfillment of a duly authorized peace treaty.  He took a hostage and later killed a valiant man.  I had no choice.  I had thought the Brethren had taken care of all the nasty details; the warrant was only a way to show that such behavior will not be tolerated, thus ensuring order amongst my men.  I did not think the man survived his trip to Astoria or if he had, I did not think him fool enough to come back to Panmycea.  I never had the heart to ask the full tale.  But from your reactions I assume the black-hearted villain somehow managed to become one of the Brethren?”
Turin nodded, “I know it seems strange to you.  It seems strange to me and I witnessed the whole thing!  I cannot imagine what it must seem like to one who has not taken the Oath.  He murdered Tristan, yet we let him roam free and even take him into our service.  But you must believe me when I say that he is not the same man.  I trust him as much as any of my other comrades.  The whole nasty business was taken care of in Astoria to the Lady’s satisfaction and I had thought the whole thing over.  It never occurred to me that his returning to Panmycea might cause such a problem.”  
Karly smiled grimly, “I never thought he would return at all.  The order was merely for show.  It would pain me if things went ill for one of your colleagues but I pray the Lady understands that I will do what I must to maintain order within my ranks.  We cannot simply allow a villain to walk free, unpunished.”  The two elder Brethren nodded grimly and the two apprentices looked mortified.  
A knock sounded at the door and the leader of the patrol appeared.  He saluted and said, “General, I have apprehended the fell man who perpetrated such evil the day we took the Citadel.  Shall I put him in the dungeons?”  
The General said, “thank you for your efforts.  I would like to question him myself.  You may leave him here.”  
The man looked scandalized, “then let me and two of my men stay to guard you sir.”  
The General laughed, “if I and four armed men cannot keep one unarmed and bound prisoner in control I should hang up my sword.  Besides, there is hardly room enough as it is for us to draw our weapons without accidentally beheading our comrades.  Leave him and return to your post.  I shall see that he is taken care of appropriately.”  The man saluted and two of his men escorted Colin into the room, saluted, and disappeared out the door.  Colin mused that it was the same room in which he had first encountered Kard and Geff, what seemed a lifetime ago.

Colin made his bows to his colleagues and the General.  He said wryly, “General, I am sorry to disturb you with this.  Had I known it would have been an ordeal I would not have come.  I am not here of my own accord but come by the Lady’s orders.”  The General stared at the man in disbelief.  In looks he had not changed, but in manner and tone he was truly a different man.  
The General said, “had we met under different circumstances I think it would have been a pleasant experience, but you stand here accused of crimes against our allies during time of war.”  
Colin nodded, “I am guilty of many crimes.  I will face whatever justice you choose to mete out.”  Karly nearly gaped at the man; Turin smiled in grim amusement.  It was quite a shock if you knew what he had been like on his last visit to Panmycea.  
The General continued, “if I had my way, I think I would say that your case has been handled well by the Lady, but it is not only my feelings that matter in this instance.  My men need order and justice to maintain stability within this organization, without which it will quickly descend into selfishness, greed, and chaos.  Many of them witnessed you commit various acts of treason and all know of the order for your arrest.  By now half of them know you have been apprehended.  If I simply let you walk out of here a hero, discipline and order will break down and we may never repair the damage.  I understand that you came here to assist your colleagues in hunting down these Brotherhood characters and if they are present I am sure they will use just such a situation to foment anarchy.  I cannot do as I wish and simply let you go free.  You must at least stand trial.”  
Colin nodded and said, “sir, of what exactly are you accusing me?”  
The General said, “the warrant was worded as ‘kidnapping, murder, and treason.’  Why does it matter of what you are accused?  For all three the punishment is the same.”
Colin nodded grimly, “of kidnapping or hostage-taking I am obviously guilty.  While my hands are stained with the blood of another, I do not think you can arrest me for a murder that did not take place within your borders or to one who was not under your command.  Treason has many definitions but I am sure you can find something that I have done that fits under such a heading.  You should probably accuse me of kidnapping with intent to murder, and treason.”  Karly again gaped at the man.  
Turin said, “he has the right of it, though in the end it all comes down to the same thing.  Will you truly have him executed?”  
Karly asked, “what does the Common Law say?”  
Turin looked grim, “the Law is of little help here.  Basically, a man must face the consequences of all his actions to all the people to whom he is accountable.  It has been dealt with in Astoria.  You must deal with it as you feel you must here.  I am sure the Lady shall understand though she may not like it.  If there is one thing we understand, it is our duty and the risks attendant there unto.”  
The General looked at Colin and said, “and what have you to say of all this?  After all it is your life that hangs in the balance.”  
Colin smiled sadly, “I am guilty of all you have accused me.  I have already lived longer than perhaps I should have.  I wear the uniform of one of the Brethren, can I be above the law when I claim to enforce it?  You must do as you see fit.  The guilt is on my own head.  You must do your duty and I will do mine.”  
The General still could not believe the changes in the man.  A year gone he had been willing to kill a helpless boy to save his own skin.  Now faced with death for a seemingly settled matter, he did not flinch!  Karly sighed, “it is not as I wish but as I must.  You shall stand trial tomorrow and then the sentence shall be carried out swiftly thereafter.”  
Colin nodded, “it will be as it must.”
He was taken to the dungeons to await his trial, though all would have rather had him spend the night in a less dismal setting.  Colin insisted that they treat him no differently than any other criminal of his standing.  The others reluctantly agreed but saw the wisdom in it.  Raine visited the condemned man after supper, “what will come of you?”  
Colin shrugged, “I suppose I shall die.  It has been long in coming but it is justified.  You will either continue here until the current crisis is averted or go back to Astoria and await your next mentor.  I have not known you long but I have enjoyed our time together.  You shall do well!”  
Raine blinked back tears, “I do not understand?  I have only just begun to learn how to control my anger.  What shall I do without you?”  
Colin smiled, “serve the Master and the Lady faithfully until we meet again in the lands beyond death.  Continue as you have begun and you shall conquer your anger.  I am proud of you; may the Master ride with you.”  The boy took Colin’s hand before the guard motioned that it was time for him to go.  It eased his heart that Colin was facing his doom with such peace.  The four Brethren assembled later that night, trying to decide how to aid their colleague but could come up with nothing.  
Turin said grimly, “I fear unless the Master Himself intervenes, we shall soon bury another friend.”  The others nodded grimly but refused to give up hope.  Karly lay awake long into the night also looking for some answer but his efforts were likewise vain.
The morning dawned cold, cloudy, and wet: a perfect day for the dismal proceeding.  All of the Brethren stationed in Panmycea assembled that morning in full uniform.  Off-duty soldiers took up the majority of the room allotted for witnesses and curious townsfolk filled in the gaps.  Karly and four other officers sat upon the tribunal.  They had offered a place to one of the Brethren but they had declined, citing a perceived lack of objectivity by the onlookers.  A military trial in and of itself was not all that exciting, but the trial of a villain who was now numbered among the Brethren was an event not to be missed.  
Colin was brought forth from the dungeons in the plain clothes in which he had traveled from Astoria.  He refused to wear his uniform for these proceedings, saying that when he had committed the crimes he had not been numbered among the Brethren and would not dishonor them by claiming to be, however indirectly.  The charges were read.  Witnesses were presented.  Colin pled guilty.  For those hoping for drama, it was a disappointing day.  They had hoped for rousing arguments but it seemed the case was decided ere it began.  The tale of happenings after they left Panmycea was told by Geff and Turin, who had both accompanied Tristan on his final journey.  The tale touched many hearts, but it could not erase the man’s crimes no matter his change of heart.  That sort of thing was fine for the Brethren, but this was Panmycea and he must face the consequences of his actions the same as everyone else.  
The judges consulted briefly and finally the General stood heavily, as if burdened by a great weight.  He said, “we unanimously agree that this man is guilty as charged.  The traditional sentence is three days in the stocks and then a swift execution.”  The Brethren began to hope at the mention of the ‘traditional’ sentence, there might yet be hope.  But the General continued, “in light of his cooperation since his arrest and during the course of these proceedings, the sentence has been reduced to one day in the stocks to be followed by a swift execution.”  The crowd was deathly silent, but justice would be satisfied.  Everyone started talking at once; a few women wept.  The Brethren looked grim.
Colin was taken from the trial to the stocks in the center of town where he was secured and placed under guard.  The traditional use of such treatment was to show others that crime would not be tolerated.  Humiliation was a very good way to deter others from mimicking such behavior.  Usually, the offender was surrounded by a crowd that would jeer, insult, and occasionally toss rotten produce, but in this case, only occasionally would someone walk by with a smart comment, most looked sadly at the man and walked away.  The Brethren refused to go near the spot out of respect for their friend.  
Turin confronted Karly on the issue, “the stocks?  If you were going to kill him why not just be about it?  Why this humiliation?  At the least he deserves a swift death.”  
Karly looked sadly at his friend, “he did not go to the stocks because I thought it warranted.  He may yet serve a greater purpose.  His old colleagues may choose to take advantage of the situation, thus drawing them out into the open.  As you know, we have had no luck in ferreting out anything on that front save a few rumors.  This also allows time for intervention on the part of others.  If I had had his head off this morning, that would have been the end of it.  This buys us a little time.”   
Turin said, “I can understand your reasoning with the Brotherhood and it is a good idea.  But what do you mean by ‘intervention by others,’ if I may ask?”  
Karly smiled, “I thought you lot believed in miracles and that is what it will take to save this man’s life.  Who knows what could happen in a day?  I am not suggesting that the Brethren would make any attempt to save him.  You know as well as I that justice must be served no matter how regrettably.”  Turin was content with the General’s answer and went in search of his comrades to make his reasoning known to them.
Night fell and Colin was alone with his guard in the deserted city square.  It had been a long and dreary day; he actually looked forward to the morrow, when all of this nonsense would end, one way or another.  He began to understand Tristan’s attitude during those last, fateful days.  He wondered what the man would say when they met once more; they would both probably have a good laugh.  His only regret was that Raine would be left alone and drifting when he had only begun to heal.  There was much promise in the boy, but also much pain and anger.  He sighed.  
His guard heard him and said, “still awake then?  I see none of your friends have come to bid you farewell on this, your last day.  I suppose you were naught but an embarrassment and they will be glad to be rid of you.”  The man laughed long at this and then said, “but there may still be hope.  Perhaps you have learned the folly of your choices?  I know people who know people.  If you come back over to your former allies, I am sure things will work out much better than anything else you have to look forward to.  All you need do is revoke your Oath and they shall do the rest.”  
Colin would have laughed but he felt cold and his mind moved sluggishly.  He tried to reply but no words came.  His vision dimmed and the world went dark.  The man looked down at the prisoner, expecting some reply but found the man slumped, as if asleep or unconscious.  He kicked the limp form but there was no response.  He shouted in the man’s ear and kicked him again.  Still no response.  He felt desperately for a pulse but could not find it; he watched closely but could not see any signs that the man was even breathing.  How could a perfectly healthy man suddenly die the night before his execution?  His contacts would not be happy, neither would the General or the Brethren.  In desperation, he took his dagger and slashed it across the man’s palm.  There was not so much as a flinch.  He ran in search of his superiors.  He would take no blame for this!

Colin sat up suddenly and in great surprise.  He was free of the stocks and sat in a pleasant wood on a sunny day rather than in that dismal courtyard on a rainy night.  And he was not alone.  Sitting with his back against a tree was Tristan with a smile on his face.  “Hello,” said he cheerfully.  
Colin shook his head in confusion.  How could he be dead?  He faced the other man, “how can I be here?  I was not to be executed until the morrow?”  
Tristan smiled, “you are not really dead, at least not yet.  It is a strange sensation.  It happened once to me when I went poking about in places I should not have been.  On rare occasions the Master pulls us hither for a time and then returns us to our bodies to accomplish some plan or other of His own.  You are simply visiting.”  
Colin smiled and then saddened, “I really must apologize for everything I put you through.  Can you forgive me?”  
Tristan laughed, “I forgave you ere your blade struck.  Much good has come of what should have been a tragedy; I am glad you have found the Master at last.  I hope the Lady is well?”  
Colin nodded, “for what she has lost, she is doing very well indeed.”  Suddenly, Colin felt some great Presence, the awe and terror of which drove him to his knees with his face to the ground.  Tristan went to one knee as the Master approached.  
Colin trembled in absolute terror, but a wave of peace washed over him as the Master said, “fear not, child.  You have done great evil but My blood has atoned for it.  You are now in My keeping and have nothing to fear.  Stand firm.”  Slowly Colin lifted his head and then gradually stood.  The Great Unicorn towered above him in awful beauty exceeding a common unicorn as much as the unicorn himself exceeds a common horse.  
The Master continued, “you know why I have called you here.”  It was a statement, not a question. “You have many things to do ere I call you home, but justice must be met in the eyes of the common soldiers and that cannot be done short of death.  Justice has had its price and I will continue to have your service.  The boy Raine is in great danger of falling away from Me.  If he does not persevere, a great tragedy will befall many that could have been averted had he stayed true.  You must do what you can to help the boy conquer his anger.  I shall be with you.”  Colin’s vision swam once more and then all was darkness.


Chapter 10

The soldier awakened his immediate superior and nearly dragged him to the stocks where the prisoner’s prone form still lay.  The man examined the body, asked what had happened, left the man to guard the corpse, and went in search of the General.  The General was not happy to be awakened in the middle of the night but when the situation was explained he nearly trampled the man in his haste to reach the stocks.  He found Colin as the captain had described.  
He said, “have the body taken to the chambers in which I first interviewed the prisoner.  I must break the news to his former comrades.”  
The two soldiers released the man from the stocks and carried him away.  Karly went grimly in search of Turin.  He found the Brethren still awake and gathered together.  None could sleep on such a night.  The news that their friend was already dead came as a shock to them all.  So much for the General’s miracle.  Raine’s heart was deeply grieved, but the memory of the peace with which Colin had faced death was a great comfort, along with the thought that in the place where he now dwelt there was no humiliation, pain, or death.  Geff did not look forward to burying yet another man he had come to respect and love so dearly.  Turin appeared deep in thought.  Pallin just looked shocked.  They left their companions and followed the General to that ill-fated little room.  The two guards stood at the door as the saddened company made their way towards it.  
The captain said to the General, “what does this mean for the execution set for tomorrow?”  
Karly laughed mirthlessly, “are you suggesting we execute a corpse?  The man is dead.  How much more dead can he get?  What does it matter that it was not the headsman’s axe that claimed his life instead of some other cause?  The man has been tried, convicted, and has paid the price declared.  His body shall be given into the keeping of the Brethren and they shall do with it as is their custom.  Understood?”  The soldier nodded.  The General added, “both of you guard this door.  Let no one enter save myself or one of the Brethren until they decide it is time to bury their friend.  Then go back to whatever it is you usually do.”  Both men bowed and the party entered the little room.
Colin lay on the table, a black cloth draped across his body.  His slashed palm had been roughly bandaged.  Turin moved the cloth, hoping to find some clue as to his friend’s demise.  Colin sat bolt upright and gasped as if he had been doused with cold water.  He put a hand to his head as if it hurt and then flinched as his wounded hand touched his head.  He stared at his bandaged palm in confusion and then looked at the startled folk standing about him, all except Turin were white as a sheet.  
Turin smiled, “welcome back.”  Colin nodded painfully.  It is unpleasant to be blissfully pain free and then suddenly find oneself again in a stiff and aching body.  
The General said, “welcome back?  He was dead, or at least the best pretender I have ever seen.  What happened?”  The others were dying to know the tale.  
Turin smiled impishly, “Tristan told me once of something similar that had happened to him.  He was sneaking about an old fortress on the coast of Syre and a couple of rogues came upon him.  The Master snatched him out of his body into His own country.  The scoundrels thought him dead and disposed of the corpse as it were.  He was sent back when the danger had passed and walked away a free man instead of facing the torture and death his capture would have otherwise resulted in.  Am I right in guessing this is your own tale?”  
Colin nodded, “one minute the guard was telling me that if I revoked my Oath and took back my old allegiance his friends would see to my release.  I tried to reply but lapsed into darkness.  Next thing I know I am sitting in a pleasant country speaking to Tristan of all people!  Then I met the Master Himself and soon after found myself here once more.”  There were looks of astonishment and joy all around the room.  
Turin smiled, “I guess you were right on both counts General.  It seems we now have a lead on the Brotherhood and we have also witnessed your miracle.  Or are you still intent on executing Colin?”
The General smiled, “a man only needs to die once for his crimes.  As long as you can smuggle him out of the city without my men knowing he yet lives he can go on doing just that.  The point of the whole exercise was to demonstrate that such acts will not be tolerated and that end was achieved.  It matters not how he died.  Justice has been achieved and order maintained.  Do you remember what this guard looked like?”  
Colin said, “he was the man posted to guard me when I…died.”  
Karly smiled, “and he guards the door as we speak.  After the excitement settles down we shall speak with him.  He may be just the break we have been waiting for.  Now how do you plan on getting out of the city?”  
Colin smiled, “I am dead, remember?  Wrap me up and haul me out for burial.  No one will find anything suspicious in that and you have witnesses enough to vouch that I was truly dead, at least temporarily.”  
The others agreed to the plan.  Raine would also ride with the funeral party though he would not be coming back.  He and Colin would continue on to Astoria and then on to wherever the Lady would send them next.  Colin figured he had best avoid Panmycea for a few decades.  Raine rejoiced to have his mentor back; the other three warmly welcomed back their friend.  Karly even went so far as to clap him on the back.  
They lost no time in finding a wagon and team with which to haul Colin to ‘his final resting place.’  They wrapped the man snugly in a black shroud and hauled him out to the wagon.  Turin and Pallin climbed into the wagon seat and the two apprentices rode escort.  The frantic Taragon followed close behind.  By now word of the early demise of the criminal had spread and even in the dim light of early dawn, people were abroad eagerly discussing the news.  The guards upon the city gates asked Turin why the need for a spare horse, obviously not under anyone’s control.  
Turin looked grim and said, “that is no horse.  Have you ever dealt with a grief stricken unicorn?”  
The man paled at the thought, “no sir. And I have no wish to.”  
“Then ask no more foolish questions and delay us no longer.  I want to be back before nightfall,” replied Turin.  
“Yes sir,” said the guard and waved them through.  They drove on until they were well beyond the borders.  They did not wish to be discovered by another patrol.
Colin was very red and warm by the time they cut his bonds and released him from the shroud.  Taragon was finally quieted by the sight of his master and resumed his usually unflappable demeanor.  Colin saddled Taragon and was soon mounted.  Raine produced Colin’s weapons and they were carefully returned to their proper places.  
“Thank you for everything,” said Colin, “I seem to burden you far too often with such duties.  I will try to do better when next we meet.  May the Master ride with you!”  The others smiled their goodbyes and went to work digging a bit just to make sure they looked like they had been about a burial.  They tried to stifle their joy as they returned to the city.  
The guard upon the gate said, “I thought four of you had ridden out?”  
Turin said, “the other boy was the dead man’s apprentice.  He returned to Astoria since he now has no place here.”  
The guard nodded and let the Brethren pass.  Many in the city were amazed that the man had died before his execution.  Some spoke of quiet plots in the night, either murder or escape.  Others said the Master had slain him early for his crimes or that the Master had taken pity on the man’s situation and spared him a public death.  All were quite happy to talk about it and it changed so much in the telling that within a year the real tale was quite forgotten.

Colin and Raine rode slowly towards Astoria.  Colin longed to talk with the boy, though he could never tell him of what the Master had said.  Raine asked, “what is it like?  Dying I mean.”  
Colin smiled, “I do not know if it was technically dying but it was simply a loss of consciousness here and awakening in a much nicer place.  I cannot say that I minded it at all except for the coming back part.  Aches and pains you have forgotten suddenly rear their ugly heads and must be conquered anew.  The Master Himself is another thing entirely.  I have never been so utterly afraid or joyful all at once.  He is everything good and wonderful and kind, but He is also everything holy, just, and righteous.  I would not like to face Him in His wrath.  I am very glad I finally saw reason and came over to His side.  He is terrible enough (in a very good way) when you are His.  I would not like to be His enemy!”  
The boy looked stunned and said quietly, “I pray I can find a way to avoid that fate.  Is there any hope for me?  Will my anger destroy me?  
Colin smiled gently, “you must not despair.  With the Master’s help, you have it within you to conquer this.  You have already made excellent progress.  I think we shall return slowly, to give us time to work on a few things.”  They did as Colin had said and made the return journey smoothly but gradually.  By the end of the trip, the boy felt very much in control of his emotions.  He still had yet to be tested under pressure but his patience and deliberation had increased dramatically.  Whether it was his experiences in Panmycea, their discussions along the road, or the Master working in his heart (or a bit of all three) Colin never knew.  
Their return was unexpected and the Lady saw them immediately.  “What has happened in Panmycea?” asked she.  Colin told his story and the Lady was as astonished as any of the others had been.  She smiled gently, “I now understand why you cannot remain there.  It had never occurred to me that there might yet be an outstanding order for your arrest.  Is there anywhere else I must not send you because the authorities are after you?”  Colin smiled and shook his head.  “Good,” said she, “I think for a little while you should both remain here.  There are classes and duties that could benefit you both.  Raine you are excused.  Colin shall find you later.”  The boy bowed himself out.  The Lady then faced Colin, “what of the boy?”  
Colin sighed, “when I encountered the Master, He spoke of a great tragedy that will befall many should the boy fall away.  We returned to Astoria slowly and have talked much about his emotions.  He has come far, but he has not yet been tried by fire as they say.  Thus I cannot be sure, but I have great hopes for him.”  
The Lady nodded, “we must have such assurances before he is sent out again.”  She then outlined her plan.  Colin saw the need for it though testing the boy was not something he wanted to do.  Usually such a trial was not necessary but this was a peculiar case.  
Before he left, Colin said, “Lady, there is one other thing that you should know.  While I was in the Master’s country I spoke with Tristan.  He seems quite happy.”  
The Lady smiled, “I had no doubts as to that but I thank you for your words.  It warms my heart to know he is well.”  He bowed himself out and left her alone with her memories.

During the days that followed, Raine and Colin attended classes but also had time to work together on various exercises.  Colin even taught a few lessons and Raine assisted.  It was a quiet time of rest and renewal for both of them.  By the end of the second week, they were beginning to feel ready to again try their chances on some foolish but vital quest.  With no assignment imminent, Colin took the boy out for a ride one bright morning.  They rode into the high and rocky country north of Astoria.  Colin wished to work on the boy’s horsemanship and fighting abilities in difficult terrain.  He found a particularly steep area full of scree and fallen logs.  The unicorns slipped and slid as the ground shifted beneath them but kept their footing.  Colin drew his sword and prepared to attack the boy.  Raine had his out, ready to take on his ‘foe.’  An arrow whisked through the air between them as a dark figure, draped all in black astride an equally dark horse, appeared on the ridge above.
The man pulled back his bowstring again and sent an arrow flying towards Colin’s chest.  Taragon screamed in rage as Colin fell from his saddle.  Knowing there was little he could do for his fallen mentor, Raine directed his stallion after the dark horse and he who sat upon it.  The black figure saw that the boy pursued and only paused long enough to send another shaft at his prey.  The arrow narrowly missed his shoulder but undaunted, Raine continued his charge.  The sinister man laid his heels to his mount’s flanks and fled.  They ran up hill and down, splashed through rushing streams, and raced across open meadows.  Finally, in the midst of a wide field, the man stopped and turned his spent horse.  He did not waste time with his bow, but reached immediately for his sword.  The boy approached slowly with sword in hand.  
He said loudly, “you have felled one of the Brethren this day and must face justice.”  
“Justice?” scoffed a woman’s voice, “What justice is this?  Have I not saved your life from the very man who tried to kill you and this is the thanks I get?  I saw him ready to strike and did what had to be done.”  
Raine paused for a moment and said, “then why did take aim at me?”  
The dark woman laughed, “very good young one.  Now shall we fight or do you wish to talk?”  
The boy said, “if you will surrender we need not fight, but I will fight if I must.”  The woman laughed again, this time not with cold and unholy delight but with sincere joy.  She threw back her hood to reveal a young woman a few years older than himself.  Most surprisingly, she was one of the Brethren.  He dropped his sword in surprise, “but how is it that you have not broken Oath?”  
She laughed once more, “I have a skill with the bow that few can match.  If I wish to hit something I do not miss.  Your friend lives.  He rides this way even now.”  
As she spoke, Colin came riding quickly into the meadow, his face alive with joy.  Raine was not sure whether he was supposed to be angry or not.  There was some plot betwixt the two and he was in the middle of it.  Colin sprang from Taragon’s back as Raine also dismounted.  He stood a little back from the man he thought dead but Colin ran forward and embraced him.  
He said, “you have done well!  I am very proud of you!  You appear to have mastered your anger.  I see you have met Tia.”  The girl bowed in her saddle.  Raine could not decide whether to blush, laugh, or scowl.  
He was hurt that they had so sorely tested him and said, “did you not trust me?”  
Colin’s smile retreated and he said, “I trust you and am very proud of your progress but your life, my life, and the lives of others are at stake when next we ride forth.  We needed to know that your growth was something that did not disappear under pressure and so we have seen.  Forgive the secrecy, but the Lady was adamant that we know for certain ere she give us another mission.  I am sorry to try your heart and feelings so, but it was something that had to be done.”  The boy seemed mollified and was ecstatic at their joy in his success.
The three rode back towards Astoria together.  “I thank you for your help Tia,” said Colin, “this would have been a much more dangerous exercise without your help.”  
Tia smiled, “I am always happy to assist as I can.  I do hope I did not frighten you too badly Rain?”  
Raine smiled, “I understand the necessity of the exercise and my pain was relieved the moment you revealed yourself, so it was of short duration.  I must get used to this it seems, as it is my second such scare in my few short months as Colin’s apprentice.”  
It was Colin’s turn to blush, “that is all very well.  I hope for no more close calls myself.  Dying once is quite enough for anyone and I shall at least have to endure it twice.”  The others laughed as the unicorns quickened their pace, catching their riders’ mirth.  The Lady was there to greet them and once they had bowed and dismounted, Colin told the tale.  
She looked Raine straight in the eye and said, “now this is the sort of news I am happy to hear.  You have done very well!”  
The boy seemed to glow with delight.  He had not yet stood before the Lady and received such encouragement.  That it was not a scolding was enough to make him smile.  Words of praise were least expected and most joyfully received.  
She turned to Tia and said, “it is long since you have been in Panmycea.  Turin is in need of your help there.  I do not know the particulars but he has asked specifically for you.  You ride at once.”  The girl bowed, lost no time in packing her things, and was soon off.  The Lady turned to the others and said, “I am sending you both to Tithbia Plain.  There you shall see how matters stand after the battle and if there is anything that we may do for the Tithbians.  May the Master ride with you.”  They bowed again and she withdrew into the castle.


Chapter 11

Tia rode swiftly towards Panmycea, not looking forward to whatever adventure awaited her there.  There was just something about the city she did not like.  She was however, happy to be away from Astoria for a time.  She was one of the few women amongst the Messenger sect, and like the rest of her comrades, she did not like to be left at home too long.  Women among the Brethren were few enough and most preferred the more peaceful Philosophy or Teaching sects.  Tia had always liked adventure and thus had joined the sect most likely to provide it.  She wondered what Turin had in mind that he would specifically request her presence.  She rode on, wondering what the future held, hoping this assignment would be better than she thought.
Geff yawned as he sat his saddle watching the road.  He had been out here for two days hoping to catch Tia ere she came to Panmycea.  Turin had not yet revealed his plan to the rest of them, but he wanted the young woman brought into the city without anyone knowing her identity or relation to the Brethren.  Geff wanted to sleep; it was not even dawn.  He willed himself awake but was just drifting off again when his mount alerted him to the presence of another unicorn in the vicinity.  They silently moved forward.  Tia certainly traveled at odd times of day.  Kozak, her stallion whickered a greeting.  Geff’s mount answered back.  He had almost wished to surprise her, but they were well past that point.  He waited in the middle of the road as she approached.  
“A welcoming committee?” she laughed.  Geff yawned again.  She laughed, “a very tired welcoming committee.  You have summoned and so have I come.  What news?”  
Geff said, “Turin will be very happy you are here.  He has some plot that he refuses to share with any of us and you are in the middle of it.  Our current mission is to weed out those elements of the Brotherhood that are trying to win sway over the General’s organization.  So far, all we have is one crooked guard that took a bribe but knows nothing more about who these people are or what they are up to.  The guard is the only proof we have that anything is happening at all.  I have been hiding along this road for two days, hoping to meet you.  You are to steal into the city as anonymously as you can and someone will meet you tonight at the Red Feather.”  
Tia nodded and set her course towards the city.  Geff waited a good hour before his own return.  Tia smiled, this was going to be interesting after all.  Last time she was here, all she got to do was teach beardless boys the use of a bow, important, but hardly interesting.  She rode into the city, one more mounted girl amongst the morning crowds caused no notice among the guards or any other possible observers.  She asked directions and soon found the inn she was looking for.  It was small, but comfortable, and she took a room.  That evening she emerged and found a place in the common room.  It was a quiet evening and it seemed only the guests were using the common room.  All of the guests seemed to be merchants of middling success, among whom she did not stand out except perhaps for her age.  
Geff appeared some time later in the evening and sat alone for a time.  Then he bought her a mug of wine and invited himself over to her table.  She smiled at him blandly, as if he were a kind stranger.  They talked of idle pleasantries and then he said, “you are to be our bait in drawing these rogues out of hiding.”  
She looked at him in surprise and said, “and how exactly am I to accomplish this?  What interest have they in a mere girl?”  
Geff smiled, “you need an alternate identity, one that will not reveal who you really are.  You are also to cause a sensation, we need plenty of rumors and gossip circulating.  Do not actually hurt anyone.”  She gave him an annoyed look at that obvious statement.  He ignored her and continued, “if you make the people wary enough of your existence, perhaps the Brotherhood will take an interest and seek you out.  The fact that you are really a woman means you can go about without anyone becoming suspicious; your alter ego should be male.”  The annoyed look returned.  He blushed.  
She said, “so what am I to do to cause such a ruckus?”  
Geff shrugged, “that will be up to you.  Just make sure that people know that you are around and ready to cause trouble should you wish it.”  
“And who am I to report to or how will you check up on me?” asked she.  
Geff smiled, “I shall occasionally come by this inn and leave a note or speak with you personally.  People may start to think there is something betwixt us.”  
Tia shook her head in amusement at the hopeful sound in his voice but said, “as long as people only think it, that will be fine.  Do not start thinking thus yourself.”  Geff blushed terribly and she knew she had hit her mark.  She smiled, “very well, I shall do the best I can.  I have never terrorized a city before but this could be interesting.”  He smiled and left.  She sat there for a long time wondering how she was going to pull this off.
The next morning, she went abroad and asked many questions about the city, its inhabitants, and major traditions, hoping to find something useful.  Finally an idea struck her, she had already tried her hand at it and had proved fairly competent.  Geff was not going to like it though, but it was an obvious way to get the attention of any factions that wanted to cause problems for the Brethren.  She would take potshots at her colleagues.  She spent the day acquiring a disguise and making sure her equipment was in order.  Early the next morning, she donned her baggy clothes with the voluminous cloak.  She put her hood up and tied a red scarf around her face, leaving only her eyes visible.  She then mounted Kozak and asked him to find the nearest of his fellows.  They found Pallin’s mare and Pallin himself.  
The man was talking intently with a shopkeeper.  She scurried out of sight and found a place from which she could strike without being seen.  She pulled out her bow from beneath the bulky garment and nocked an arrow, a carefully attached a note upon the shaft.  She waited a moment and then sent the arrow flying.  It landed inches from the man’s head.  His sword was out and he was searching frantically for his hidden foe.  She smiled and watched intently.  The passersby were astir and the shopkeeper had ducked behind the door at which he stood.  
Seeing no one immediately, Pallin drew the arrow out of the doorframe in which it had embedded itself and read her note.  It said: ‘this is your only warning.  The Brethren shall leave Panmycea at once.  There are those of us who consider your presence a menace and will stop at nothing to see that you are got rid of.’  He narrowed his eyes as he read the note but said nothing.  He summoned his mare and rode at once for the castle.  The shopkeeper was left to scratch his head in confusion and try and answer the questions of the anxious people who had seen it happen.  Geff had his rumors and people were definitely excited.
Over the next few days Tia would find one of her associates and use them for target practice.  She would time her arrows to strike just as they moved aside slightly or bent over, missing by mere inches.  One day she caught Turin in the shoulder but only snagged his clothes, as was her intent.  It was a foolish move, but one that would be noticed.  The city was abuzz about the masked bowman who was hunting the Brethren.  No one suspected the young lady who frequented the Red Feather.  She was careful to leave her disguise carefully hidden in the stable.  Rumors were flying and people were a little nervous (but also excited) to go about outside; many wished to witness such an event (not where a man was actually killed but near misses were always good for bragging about).  Tia began to hear whispers that one or two of the Brethren had actually been slain and it seemed that she was attacking four to six times per day.  
Geff visited once more of an evening.  He looked upset.  She smiled warmly as he brought her a mug of tea.  “Are you mad!” asked the boy, “You nearly killed Turin.”  
She smiled, “I did no such thing.  Had I wanted to kill Turin he would be dead.  Too many near misses and no hits would mean the interest and rumors would soon die out.  You wanted me to gain a following and this is the best way to do it.  Does Turin wish me to stop?”  
Geff looked a little taken aback but said, “no, he says you are doing exactly what you must.  He actually seems pleased.  I am just a bit upset about people shooting at my mentor.”  
Tia smiled in understanding, “do not worry.  I do not miss.  If these dark friends of yours are out there, I think they should be contacting me soon else they will never be drawn out of hiding.  A few more days of this nonsense and we shall know.”  Geff nodded.  They spoke of other things and he withdrew.
The next day she rode slowly through the crowded streets.  She was not trying to find a target, but hoped to catch the eye of her quarry.  She winced when she saw a group of soldiers approaching.  She cued Kozak to move down a cross street but he had already anticipated her.  They found another patrol marching down that street as well.  She could not use the speed of her mount to advantage in the crowd, but perhaps she could use the crowd to her benefit.  She had wanted to attract attention and she had achieved her goal.  She dismounted and hurried down an alley.  She tried to hide among the crowd, but her clothes made her stand out to anyone who looked directly at her.  She hurried down one street after another but it seemed there were soldiers everywhere.  She was just about to surrender when an ordinary looking man in his middle years beckoned her into a door that opened on the currently empty alley.  This might be a terribly foolish thing to do, but she scampered into the open door and it was shut swiftly behind her.  
Some minutes later came a pounding on the door.  It was opened and a soldier asked of the man, “have you seen a man in a cloak, baggy clothes, and wearing a red scarf?”  
The man shook his head, saying he had not been abroad that day nor had anyone come to the door.  The soldier nodded and returned to his search.  After the door was shut, Tia came out of the back room and the man said, “I see you have caused quite a stir with the guards.  Your antics have also attracted the attention of others who have similar feelings to your own.”  "But,” smiled the man, “I think you are safe for a time.  Though it might be wise if you refrained from using people for target practice for a little while.  It seems you have angered the wrong people and they are making an effort to put an end to your mayhem.  What exactly were you trying to accomplish?  While I do not agree with much the Brethren have to say I do not think they need to be hunted down like beasts."
In her most manly voice Tia said, "why rescue me if you do not agree with my tactics?"  
The man smiled, "we seem to have a common goal in removing the influence of the Brethren from Panmycea, but we have very different ways of going about it.  I thought perhaps we should discuss our differences before I decide whether to turn you in or not.  Who knows, perhaps we can come to some mutual understanding?  I can always turn you in later.  I am a part of a group that likes to know everything they can before making an informed decision.  We are curious about you and your antipathy towards this common irritant."  
Tia smiled, "you rescued me merely to talk and then you shall throw me back to the wolves?"  
The man shrugged, "that depends upon your answers.  If you are wholly committed to a violent solution then we cannot agree, but if you are interested in a more rational approach, perhaps we can work together."  
Tia smiled again, "violence is only a last resort in my opinion, only to be used when all else fails."  
The man smiled, "has all else truly failed that you have resorted to deadly force?"  
Tia shook her head, "I am not sure I have actually resorted to violence.  I have gained their attention yet have not injured anyone."  
The man looked skeptical, "rumor has it that you have felled several of the Brethren."  
Tia laughed, "I have done no such thing.  Rumor is the last thing you should believe.  Do you think I would be free this long had I actually hurt someone?  I would be considered a public menace and they would have used all of their resources to put an end to my mischief long ago." 
 The man nodded, "perhaps we can work together."  
Tia asked, "who is this 'we' you speak of?"  
The man shrugged and said, "I suppose I must trust you a little if we are to have a decent conversation.  My fellows and I have formed a little group we like to call 'The Freethinkers.'  Our goal is to assemble a group of rational people with various ideas and beliefs (all based upon rational thought of course) so that we may promulgate such ideals in the public square.  We will start in Panmycea and one-day hope to reach the world.  We are men of ideas and not violence.  We understand that occasionally violence is necessary but we hope to avoid it with rational thought and action.  We have no problem with the Brethren in theory; they are free to believe whatever it is they wish.  
But we are troubled by their continued influence on all aspects of society and their apparent love of violence.  Our goal is to make them a thing of the past.  Yes, there are useful aspects to what they do but their ideas (or perhaps lack thereof) are outdated and a thing of antiquity.  A new era is dawning in which rational thought will replace outdated custom and irrational faith.  We hope to take their place in advising leaders, negotiating peace, and educating the people.  If our goal is achieved, within a generation they shall be little more than an almost forgotten cult.  Our interest in you is simply that you seem to have some argument with them and may prove a useful ally."
Tia hoped she had fallen in with some branch group of the Brotherhood, but this man seemed to think firm belief in either the Master or the Nameless One folly.  Perhaps the Brotherhood would still try to manipulate these men without revealing themselves.  Her efforts had achieved their end, if not the end she had in mind.  Tia said, "your group seems a fascinating concept.  It is my fervent wish to use my mind before my sword.  I would be very interested in speaking with you about whatever it is you wish to discuss."  
The man smiled, "I am glad to hear it.  First I must know what you have against the Brethren and why you make such efforts to either intimidate or annoy them?"  
Tia took a chair and said, "I have nothing against them personally.  Much of what they do is quite admirable in its own way.  I just cannot stand hypocrisy.  How can a group that claims to stand for justice and peace allow one of their own members to die simply because it is the easiest way to maintain order?  Did that man receive justice or did he die for mere political ease?  If they are what they say they are, should they not have done something differently?"  
The man smiled, "there have been many rumors and much gossip about that incident and I do not rightly know what to believe.  I pity the poor fool his fate but such is the risk when you associate with those of questionable belief.  Is this your only quarrel with them?  How do you feel about their beliefs and their methods of indoctrination?"  
Tia smiled, "what would one such as I know of such things?  I am eager to learn more, however."  
The man nodded, "fair enough.  Understanding the full truth of things is what we claim to seek.  It is only fair that we also give you that chance."  
Tia asked, "what are your plans and aspirations to displace these Brethren from their current position of influence?"  
The man smiled, "that information will be disclosed once we know we can trust you.  My friends and I meet this night.  Would you care to join us?"  
Tia nodded and said, "I would be honored but there is one thing you must know."  She removed her scarf and threw back her hood.  
The man smiled, "your voice sounded very odd for a young man.  I suspected as much.  We have no problem entertaining a young woman.  Your sex does not matter, only the openness and sharpness of your mind.  We shall meet in a small room at the back of an inn called the Ugly Pig."  
Tia laughed, "I shall be there.  May I go and prepare for the meeting?  I am afraid my horse has been wandering loose for some little time."  
The man smiled, "I look forward to this evening."  She bowed politely, removed her cloak and scarf and ducked out the door.
She disposed of her incriminating clothing as best she could and tried to debulk her garments as much as possible.  By the time she emerged onto the main street she looked almost nothing like her alternate persona.  She saw several soldiers, but none paid any heed to a plainly (though oddly) dressed young woman.  She felt Kozak's presence vaguely in the direction of the Citadel and made her way towards the fortress.  She reached her destination only to find that he must be inside and she had no way to reach him.  She would have to wait for her comrades to act before she could get him back.  One of the soldiers must have found him wandering and brought him back as 'evidence.'  
She went back to her inn to prepare for the evening's meeting.  She wondered if she would have a chance to talk with one of the other Brethren before this little gathering began.  For some reason, she doubted she would have a chance afterwards.  She cleaned up and changed into better fitting clothes than the ungainly garments of her disguise.  It was good to feel like a girl again.  It was only early afternoon and she had several hours before her meeting so she assumed a place in the common room and sat thinking, hoping that one of her colleagues would come to check on her.
She was not disappointed, for Geff soon came to visit.  She smiled coyly.  He blushed.  He took a seat and said, "the guards were sure they would have caught you.  How did you slip through unseen?"  
She smiled, "I have attracted the attention of someone, though perhaps not who we feared.  There is some group calling themselves 'the Freethinkers' with whom I shall meet tonight.  It was one of them that aided my escape.  They wish to displace the Brethren with their own more rational representatives.  I do not think they would view the Brotherhood any more warmly than the Brethren.  They are not violent and I do not think they are yet entangled with the Brotherhood though they could easily take advantage of these idealists.  Why does everyone seem to think we are fanatical fools?"  
Geff laughed, "I have no idea?  Jealousy?  I have brought Kozak back.  One of the soldiers saw you abandon him and brought him back to the Citadel.  If you are getting involved with these new friends of yours, does it mean we shall be able to walk about without fear of an arrow in our backs for a time?"  
Tia shrugged, "I do not know.  I shall know more after this meeting.  Why were the guards out in force today?"  
Geff shrugged, "we informed the General of our plans but he seemed to think an official show of force might force whoever is interested in you into action.  It seems to have worked though not in the way we had hoped."  
Tia rose and said, "thank you for returning Kozak, I must be going if I am not to be late."  Geff bowed formally and she kissed him lightly on the cheek, which made them both blush.  She hurried out the door and he gazed after in wonder.


Chapter 12

Tia rode at a fast walk towards the Ugly Pig in the center of the city.  She left Kozak 'tied' out front and went in search of her new acquaintance.  The innkeeper directed her to the specified room and she knocked upon the door; it was opened by her rescuer.  He smiled and beckoned her in saying, "I must say you look much better than at our first meeting."  
She smiled and gave him and all gathered a polite bow and took a seat.  They waited a few more minutes in silence and a few others straggled in.  At the appointed time the door was bolted shut and the meeting began.  Her rescuer said, "welcome friends of reason.  This night we shall discuss the future course of our entire organization, small though we be.  What we decide tonight may impact our group for years to come, so I ask that we think over everything carefully.  Some of you are official members and others are simply curious.  This session is open to all and if you feel so moved, I hope those of you not yet committed shall make such a commitment ere the night is over.  Luis?"  
Her rescuer took a seat and another man stood, saying, "again, welcome friends.  We have up until this night been a rather informal group with very little in the way of guidelines, rules, bylaws, goals, and the like.  Tonight I wish to establish the principles that will guide our organization long after our own lives have passed out of existence.  One other issue I wish to address is how to confront the Brethren, among other rulers, nations, organizations, and powers about our right to meet and share our ideas with others.  We should have as much right to a say in things as any other group, including the Brethren.  However, we all know that the Brethren are highly intolerant of any views outside their own and will work very hard to silence our voices if our views conflict with theirs.  But let us first begin by creating an outline of how our organization shall run in the future.”  For many long hours they discussed back and forth the best way to run their organization, what their goals should be, how to attain said goals, and the like.  Tia sat patiently through the entire ordeal.
Finally, with the majority of the rules and bylaws decided upon, Luis stood once more and said, “we have made a wonderful start upon the foundations of the Freethinkers.  Now let us turn our attention to how to gain our rightful voice in the public square.  I fear the Brethren and others may resist us or simply ignore us.  We have a right to speak and to be heard.  How shall we guarantee our right to be listened to?”  
Tia finally chimed in, “why not just make your presence known and see how people react and then act accordingly?”  
Luis shook his head sadly, “such revolutionary ideas as ours will no doubt be suppressed by the very people who claim to support an individual’s right to think and speak freely.  We must guarantee our rights ere we speak out or we may never have them.”  
Tia did not understand his reasoning; the Brethren would happily debate any ideas that conflicted with their own views, but the Freethinkers had the right to debate any conflicting views that the Brethren might have.  Healthy dialogue and debate were exactly what was needed for free thought and rational decision-making.  Suppressing any view (even the dangerous ones) was not conducive to encouraging people to think for themselves but was simply telling them what to think.  If an idea could not survive unless it was presented as the only option, it probably was not an idea worthy of wasting time thinking about.  These Freethinkers were so afraid that their ideas would be suppressed that they refused to even share them in the first place!  
Tia said, “why not discuss your fears with the leaders amongst the Brethren stationed in Panmycea?”  
Luis said in dismay, “those here may allow us to speak freely, but that does not mean we will be allowed to do so wherever we wish.  Such a thing must be guaranteed by their leader, not just a few local adherents.”  
Tia sighed, “then you have no choice but to send a delegation to the Lady of Astoria and present your case to her.”  
All around the table people exchanged surprised but eager glances.  A woman in her middle years said, “that is an excellent proposition.  I shall certainly go.  If this Lady of theirs recognizes our right to speak freely, no power on earth shall deny our rights.”  There was not quite a cheer, but everyone seemed eager to prove their right to exist to this mysterious Lady.  Tia had little choice but to volunteer to go on this expedition and see what adventure she had thus entangled herself in.
In the end, over half of the people at the meeting chose to go to Astoria.  The rest would stay in Panmycea and work on finalizing the bylaws and increase their recruiting efforts.  Late that night, Tia returned to her inn to get what sleep she could, as the entire party was eager to be underway as early as possible.  She wondered why they were so desperate for official recognition, but then she had never been a member of an unofficial and underground organization with seemingly radical ideas before.  She left a note for Geff when next he ventured forth and set off to meet the rest of her traveling companions.  Eight people would be traveling to Astoria and three of them were women.  Several of the men wore swords, as did Tia.  They should not prove an easy target for bandits with so large a party and so many swords amongst them.  
They set off at once and set a quick pace.  All those who chose to leave the peace and comfort of Panmycea for a long and sometimes uncomfortable journey were well aware of the dangers and discomforts to be found upon the road.  Among those present were several merchants who often traveled great distances in the course of their business and a few retired soldiers.  The rest were somehow related to the minor nobility of various countries or had otherwise made their fortune in the wide world.  It seemed that none of the current members of the Freethinkers worked for a living but lived off of some private fortune and were thus able to spend most of their time in thought and meditation.  When asked of her own situation Tia said, “I am the daughter of an Arcan noble.”  
The woman who was questioning her said, “I would have thought your father would have had you married off by now?”  
Tia smiled and said, “we have a mutual disagreement on that subject.  That is one reason I do not currently reside at home.”  
“Yet he still agrees to provide for you?” asked the woman, apparently scandalized.  
Tia smiled again, “my support (such as it is) is not in question or likely to fail.  I shall not starve.”  
The woman said, “I applaud your decision to seek your own way in the world rather than remain at home as some political pawn.  It is nothing short of slavery the way the Arcan nobility treat their daughters!”  
Tia smiled, “long have I thought the same, but some are better than others.”  It was ancient Arcan custom that daughters were only objects to be married off to the highest bidder.  Things were slowly starting to change but it would take several more centuries at the current pace before the change was noticeable.
The journey to Astoria seemed much further than Tia remembered, but then she was not traveling as fast as was usually her wont.  Her companions were fascinating people, if a little eccentric.  They were exactly what you would expect from a group of people used to privilege, who had ample time to think and philosophize about minutia because they did not have to worry about providing for themselves and their families.  The things they found to fill their hours were things most people did not have the luxury to even consider.  Tia found them a tad tedious but well-intentioned.  They meant well but often did not have a full understanding of what exactly they wanted or how to attain it or what the results would be for others should they have their way.  
They had lofty aspirations but little more than high-sounding ideals.  There was much more fluff than meat to their thoughts.  Listening to them for a time could be interesting but after too long they began to repeat themselves without realizing it.  Each had their own topic of interest and could speak endlessly on it and bring it up in any conversation.  Tia began to wonder if they had escaped from the University, but after some questioning she discovered that they held that institution in great contempt: the thought that one could buy a professorship was anathema.  They held great hopes for the Academy however and each secretly hoped one day to be honored with a teaching position there.  They were not happy that the Brethren were also interfering in that institution, as they seemed to in all else.  
One day Tia asked Luis, “why do you think the Brethren have such influence everywhere if their notions do not carry some weight or have some truth behind them?”  
Luis laughed contemptuously and said, “because they will not allow any other voice but theirs to be recognized or heard.  Not to mention that most leaders are cowed into cooperation by the threat of violence if they do not allow the Brethren to have more than their fair share of the input in all aspects of life.  It is not that they have knowledge or wisdom but that they know how to intimidate people and suppress all rival ideas.  We may face a cold or even violent reception when we reach our destination, but I at least am ready to face violence and even death for our cause.”  Several cheers of agreement came from the other people in the party.  Tia could only shake her head at their strange notions of the Brethren but began to wonder from whence they came.
They were very close to the borders of Astoria and in country Tia knew well.  Another day’s riding would bring them across the border itself.  Luis halted the party at midday upon the road and said, “we will soon enter potentially hostile territory.  If the worst should happen our message will be remembered by those we leave behind and will be all the stronger for what we endured in its defense.”  The others cheered at his courageous words.  Luis continued, “whatever happens my friends, it has been an honor to know and serve with each of you.  It is a comfort to know that our cause shall go on even if we do not.  It is our legacy and our future.  Each of us will live on in the knowledge we leave behind.”  Another cheer went up and they rode on.  
Tia could hardly contain her amusement at their thoughts of martyrdom upon the swords of those who would gladly die in their stead if need be.  Why were they so misguided about the very nature of the Brethren?  They rode on and camped that night just outside the fateful bounds of Astoria.  They arose early and followed the road that led directly to the city.  Unsurprisingly, they met a patrol before they had gone very far.  Luis motioned for them all to stop and said quietly, “courage friends.  Remember what we have come for.  Fear nothing, even death.  Whatever happens we have already won the day.”  
The patrol approached and halted not far ahead of the strangers.  The leader glanced curiously at Tia, who shook her head slightly that he should not greet her as a comrade in arms.  He then addressed himself to Luis, who seemed to be the leader of the little band.  The patrolman said, “I welcome you to Astoria.  May I ask what business brings you to our country?”  
Luis took a deep breath and said, “we wish an audience with the Lady if that is allowed.  We come in peace but wish to address her with a few concerns of our own.”  
The man nodded, “if that is your business then I wish you well in your quest.”  
The man looked ready to ride off and Luis said, “that is all?  You are not going to arrest us or try turning us back?”  
The man laughed heartily at this and said, “why would I do that?  My duty is to maintain the peace of Astoria and you have said you mean no harm towards us so I have nothing more to do than wish you a successful trip.  Why do you seem surprised?”  
Luis only said, “perhaps I have been misinformed.”  The man smiled, motioned for his men to ride on, and disappeared into the distance.
Luis turned back to his companions and said, “that went much better than expected but perhaps we were only lucky?  We must be on our guard until we leave this strange country.”  
The others nodded and the party rode on towards their final destination.  They reached the city without incident and the guards upon the gate did not try to hinder their passing as Tia rode with the party.  Her companions goggled at this as well.  This was not the reception they had anticipated; they were almost disappointed in the lack of hostility with which they were greeted.  They made their way towards the castle and the guards looked expectantly at Tia but again a small shake of her head quickly told them to ignore her.  
They focused their attention on Luis, who seemed to be waiting patiently for some dire confrontation.  When he had their attention he said, “we are a small but dedicated group calling ourselves the Freethinkers and wish to petition the Lady on matters regarding our rights to speak freely in the public square.”  
One of the guards nodded and a servant was sent running.  He returned shortly and said, “the Lady will have time to see you tomorrow, two hours before midday.  Return at that time and she shall hear you.”  Luis and the others looked surprised, but Tia could hardly contain her amusement.  While some rulers might keep you waiting weeks, if not forever for an audience, the Lady was quite efficient in hearing the petitions of those who sought her counsel.  
Luis bowed politely and said, “thank you.  We shall return at the appointed time.”  
They turned their mounts and rode back into the city.  They found what looked to be a pleasant inn and turned their mounts over to the stable boys.  They acquired rooms for the night and claimed a large table in the common room.  Luis said, “things are going much better than I expected, however each of us must continue to be on our guard until we are safely away from this place.  I think the balance of the day would be best served by talking with the common folk about their thoughts on these peculiar people.  They would know better than anyone else what the Brethren are truly like and what we face on the morrow.”
All agreed and quickly dispersed to carry out this apparently vital task, but Tia had other plans.  She wound her way through the midday crowds and returned to the castle gates.  The guards waved her through and she nodded her thanks.  She found a waiting servant and asked if she might see the Lady at some point during the day.  The fact that the guards had simply let her walk in and that she yet wore her sword told the servant that she was one of the Brethren though he did not recognize her himself.  
He asked, “who should I say is asking and pertaining to what?”  
She smiled and said, “tell the Lady that this regards the strange meeting she will have with these so-called Freethinkers on the morrow.”  
The man bowed and ran off to ask after the Lady’s availability.  He returned soon after and beckoned her to follow.  She patiently waited outside the closed door for almost an hour before she was allowed to enter.  The Lady looked surprised at her presence but said nothing as Tia made her bows and said, “my Lady, I have traveled from Panmycea with representatives of a group calling themselves the Freethinkers.  They are just beginning to form their organization and only number around a dozen individuals, but they have great aspirations of one day supplanting the Brethren in negotiating peace, educating the masses, and our myriad other duties.  They feel the time has come for rationalism and reason to rule the affairs of men and superstition to cease, save perhaps among the more eccentric members of society where it may be practiced in private.  
They come on the morrow to discuss their apparently suppressed rights to speak freely without fear of violence or repression.  I do not know where they have learned what they seem to think they know of the Brethren but I begin to wonder if it has a more devious source than even they know.  They are misguided and eager, but not yet prone to violence.  Their whole organization may wither and die within a few years but in my quest to root out the Brotherhood in Panmycea it was they whose attention I drew.  I do not know where this fool’s errand will lead ere it is over, but so far it has produced nothing of great interest.  We as yet have no other leads to follow; the others remain to continue the search.”
The Lady smiled, “it often seems what we need to find the most is found down a path least expected.  Pursue this course until you are sure of its end and then resume whatever duties it is you had in Panmycea.  I shall speak with your friends tomorrow.  What exactly are they going to ask me about?”  
Tia laughed, “they seem to think that you and your minions will violently repress their rights to speak freely.  They would not rest until they had spoken with you in person and received assurances that this would not happen.  I tried to talk them out of it but alas failed miserably.  They were ready to be martyred for their cause when we encountered one of our patrols.  I do not know from whence their ideas come but I would dearly love to discover the source.”  
The Lady found great amusement in the strange notions of the Freethinkers and almost looked forward to the meeting on the morrow, for she greatly enjoyed the ridiculous.  She said, “thank you for apprising me of the situation and we shall see what comes of this strange meeting.”  
Tia bowed herself out and made her way back to the inn.  She was the first to return and waited almost an hour until the first of her companions came back.  She smiled and asked, “what did you learn from the common folk of Astoria about those we have come to call upon?”  
The woman smiled grimly and said, “they seem a peaceful and contented lot, but have odd notions about those in whose very shadow they dwell.  I talked to one woman who had two sons who had joined up with the Brethren and she seemed proud as could be though she rarely sees them any more.  One man seemed to think Astoria the greatest city on earth as far as peace, prosperity, and wisdom are concerned.  Almost everyone I spoke with seemed to have a positive view of the Brethren, though few could tell me very much in the way of detail as to how they function, their major traditions and beliefs, and that sort of thing.  Either some of what we have assumed about them is very wrong or they are very good pretenders, at least among their own people.  Did you discover anything of interest?”  
Tia smiled and said, “I talked to one Lady and she had very positive views of the Brethren but said not much else of interest.”  


Chapter 13

The others soon arrived and began to discuss their discoveries.  It seemed almost everyone was very happy and content with their lives in Astoria and thought well of the Brethren.  The Freethinkers debated the apparent contradictions of what they had heard about the Brethren from the townsfolk and what they themselves thought they knew.  By the end of the evening they had decided that the Brethren were doing a superb job of indoctrinating or fooling the common folk of Astoria.  It was the only possible solution as their information was of unquestionable authority.  
Tia asked from where they had come by said information and Luis said, “from a very knowledgeable source.  Perhaps I should introduce you to him someday.  He has the most fascinating knowledge and he says it with such firmness that no one would doubt his veracity.”  
Tia said, “that would be a most interesting meeting indeed.”  
Luis smiled, “he is very shy and does not like to be sought out, but I am sure he will again approach us to share his valuable insight.  Perhaps when you officially join our little group you may have the pleasure of hearing him.  He will not meet with just anyone, but only wishes to associate with the heart of our group.  You seem a very broadminded and thoughtful girl and I am sure you would make a fine addition to our membership rolls.”  
Tia did not wish to join such a foolish organization but she might have to in order to discover their shadowy informant.  She said, “we shall see what comes of this mission and then we shall speak more on this issue.”  Luis looked pleased by the prospect.  They finished their discussion and retired to their beds, for it would be a momentous day tomorrow.
Tia arose, dressed, and had breakfast at an early hour along with all of the others.  She intentionally left her sword behind so as not to cause any distractions.  No one else would be allowed into the keep armed and she did not want to risk any awkward questions from her well-meaning colleagues as to why she was also disarming herself.  It was simpler just to leave it at the inn.  They mounted up and rode towards their historic meeting.  They announced their business and the guards let them pass.  Servants came for their horses and another came to lead them to the Lady’s small audience chamber.  They were announced and made their bows as they entered the room.  She nodded regally in greeting and they seated themselves in the waiting chairs.  
The Lady spoke first, “welcome to Astoria and to what do I owe the honor of your presence?”  
Luis smiled grandly and said, “Lady, we the representatives of the Freethinkers, have come to petition you for the right to speak freely in all lands in which you have influence.”  
The Lady asked, “and who has denied you this right?”  
Luis looked taken aback, “have not you yourself declared that no views conflicting with your own beliefs shall be tolerated in the presence of the Brethren?”  
The Lady laughed at the inanity of this assumption, “sir, I nor any of my predecessors have ever declared any such thing.  There are many with whom we interact who have far different views than our own.  We may openly debate those things on which we disagree but we do not suppress anyone’s rights to speak openly about things with which we do not agree.  If you receive persecution for your views it shall not be from me or mine.  We deny no one the right to speak out if they do so peacefully.  But we also claim the same right to express our thoughts in a peaceful manner.  We gladly welcome healthy debate on all ideas of import.  If however, you choose to use force to impress your views upon others we shall stand betwixt you and your victims.”
Luis and the rest looked absolutely stunned, “we had thought that we would face some opposition from the Brethren because we hope one day to displace you as arbitrators of peace and administrators of wisdom.”  
The Lady smiled, “if such a day should come that we should be so easily replaced then it will have been we that have failed in our duties to the Master.  Fear not that we would oppose you as a perceived threat to our current status.  We have maintained our current duties for generations beyond count and wish to continue in them but we must ever maintain our vigilance or we may fail utterly and it will be of our own doing.”  
The man looked both stunned and disappointed, “so we made this journey for nothing?  We had nothing at all to fear from your people?”  
The Lady smiled, “I am sorry but so it seems, but perhaps it will not be a complete waste of time and effort.  You call yourselves the Freethinkers.  What is it that you aspire to do and claim to believe?”  
The man smiled proudly and said, “we are a varied group of individuals with a myriad of beliefs and areas of interest.  We have come together because we feel that the Age of Reason has come and a vehicle is needed to see that it is properly begun.  I mean no offense to you and yours when I say that the time of superstition and blind faith in ancient myths is coming to a close.  It is time for the knowledge and wisdom of man to be the foundation upon which we base our lives, our decisions, and our ideals.  Our goal is to gather a number of like-minded individuals fluent in a variety of topics and spread our influence across the world.  One day we hope to have enough influence to have a great impact upon every life and usher in an era of wisdom and peace.  We hope to know the full truth about everything and make such things known to all who wish to hear it.”
The Lady smiled, “lofty goals indeed.  You seem to have some curious ideas about the Brethren and yet wish to know the truth of everything.  Why not stay for a week and learn more about us?  You are welcome to speak with my people and participate in our classes.  You may stay or go whenever you wish.”  
Luis looked at the others who seemed intrigued by the idea.  He smiled and bowed cordially, “I thank you Lady for your consideration and we will gladly accept your offer.”  
The Lady smiled, “I would like to meet again ere you leave to discover what you have learned of us and perhaps areas in which we could improve ourselves.  It is always interesting to have an outsider’s view of things.”  
The man bowed again and said, “as you wish my Lady.  We shall meet again one week from today if that is agreeable to you?”  She nodded and they bowed themselves out.  As they walked along the corridors Luis said, “this shall be an interesting experience and one I think few have had the chance to undertake.”  The servant arranged quarters for the guests and they went back to the inn to fetch their things.  Upon their return, they separated and each decided which classes to attend that day.  They met again for the evening meal and discussed what they had observed during the course of the day and during their interactions with the various inhabitants of the castle.  They all agreed that their hosts were a pleasant and polite folk and extremely dedicated to their cause, no matter how misguided.  As the days passed, it became clear that they were well versed in many aspects of knowledge and were skilled at passing on their expertise.  It was however, disconcerting to hear mention of the Truth, the Law, and the Master so frequently.  It seemed they thought all wisdom and knowledge sprang from the Master and one could not interpret it appropriately without bringing children’s stories into the equation.
They spoke frequently with the Brethren, apprentices, and students trying to understand the strange organization amidst which they found themselves.  They could not comprehend how such apparently intelligent and well-educated people could fall under the sway of such obvious myths.  They themselves could find no obvious forms of indoctrination, but the Brethren had to have some method of forcing their beliefs upon their students else how could they develop such converts?  The week was soon over and the Freethinkers were no closer to understanding the Brethren or their ways, but at least had gained some respect for their wisdom and skill and they no longer feared a knife in the dark for their apparent apostasy.  They still did not fully trust their hosts because they had yet to find the mysterious way in which the Brethren forced their views upon the innocent minds of others.  They stood before the Lady once more and made their courtesies.  
The Lady asked, “how did you find your time among us?”  
Luis said, “it was very interesting my Lady.  We find you very learned in any number of subjects.  Our only grievance is that you seem to rely so heavily upon this Master of yours and give humanity so little part in the story.”  
The Lady smiled, “such is our way.  I am sorry you did not find it more enlightening but then you probably think we are the ones in the dark.”  
Luis laughed and said, “perhaps we shall agree to disagree on that point.  We had a very enjoyable week nonetheless.  One thing still concerns us however.  How do you force your antiquated ideals upon others and force them to join your ranks?  We cannot fathom how a truly enlightened mind could endure such fallacy willingly.  What vile trickery do you use to impose your thoughts on others?”  
The Lady looked truly surprised and said, “we use no more trickery than what you have observed in our lessons and daily lives.  There is no trickery about it.  All who wish to join us may but we force no one.  The Oath is not something that can be taken unwillingly.  Perhaps your assumptions are wrong in believing that a truly wise man cannot be taken in by our beliefs.”  
Luis smiled condescendingly, “Lady with all due respect, it is a truly wise man that has moved beyond such nonsense and has discovered that reason and rationality alone are responsible for man’s advancement throughout history and are the key to his future without needing mythic beings to guide and protect us.”  
Before the Lady could respond to this statement, a woman amongst the Freethinkers said quietly, “Lady if I may, I would speak?”  Luis glared at her but said nothing.  
The Lady smiled gently and said, “by all means.”  
Bella continued, “Luis speaks for the majority of us but not for me.  I have found something here that I did not even know I was missing.  All of my life I have felt as if I had a great gaping hole in my heart and have tried vainly to fill it with knowledge and various causes but never succeeded.  For the first time in my life, I feel as if I have the chance to be whole, if only I can overcome my pride and embrace these radical ideas.”  She went to one knee and said, “even if all the others leave and think me a fool.  I will stay if you would have me?”  
The Lady smiled warmly and said, “of course you may stay and for as long as you wish.  You may one day even take the Oath if you so desire.”  The woman smiled gratefully but Luis and the others looked as if they had just watched someone swallow a live mouse.
Luis hissed, “get up Bella, you demean us all!  What idiocy has softened your mind?  If this is not proof of some foul trickery, I do not know what is.”  Luis angrily faced the Lady and said, “perhaps the deceit lies not in your classes but in this mysterious Oath of yours.  What foul witcheries do you employ to ensnare the minds of others?  Would you let us observe this vile rite?”  
The Lady shook her head, “none but those taking the Oath and those who have already taken it are allowed to attend an Oath-taking.  I am sorry but so it has ever been and ever must be.  I have been very open with you about all else that we do but you would not ask to sit in on a King’s most secret councils, neither will you be allowed such an opportunity here.”  
The man fumed and said, “of course I would expect such an honor once the Freethinkers have gained their rightful place in society.  All will come to cherish us and our wisdom.  All will one day realize that all men are equal and none should bow to another, save in affairs of the mind.”  
The Lady sighed, “it is true that all men are equal in the eyes of the Master but as far as the current system of government goes, some are appointed to rule and others to serve.  You can work to change the system if you wish but must not speak as if you could simply change everything on a whim.  It would be anarchy!”  
Luis smiled coldly and said, “it would not be anarchy if all men were truly enlightened as we wish to make them.  True, it shall take time and effort but one day we shall reach our goal.”  
The Lady said, “perhaps in time that may come to pass but it is not possible yet.  You cannot simply declare yourself to a King and expect him to listen to you and all you have to say.  Such an audience must be earned.”  
Luis said, “and how did the Brethren earn this right?”  
The Lady said simply, “millennia of service in the name of the Master.  We have proved our worth time and again.”  
Luis laughed her to scorn, “you have no more right to rule than me, less in fact.  A mere girl yet short of thirty years has no right to run such an influential organization.  Step down and allow someone older and wiser to take your place, then we could truly make something of the Brethren.”  
All stared at Luis with wide-eyes, wondering from where his temerity sprang.  The Lady stood and such was the awe and grace about her that Tia instinctively went to one knee, not caring whether or not her allegiance became known.  No one should treat the Lady with such disregard.  Several of the others also went to one knee.  Luis stood his ground. though he seemed a bit nervous as to what kind of a response he had provoked.  
The Lady said, “you find me unfit to rule the Brethren on account of my age?  Have you any other qualms about my position?”  
Luis smiled coldly and said, “I do not know enough about you to have any other concerns, but your age is definitely not in your favor.”  
She asked, “and would you deny a King or Queen their rule if they were placed upon the throne at a similar age?”  
Luis shrugged, “that is not my decision to make but if I were in charge I think the wisest and therefore an older and more experienced person should be the leader of any group.”  
The Lady said, “and if I told you I have lived nearly a century would that ease your mind?”  
The man laughed but his heart was not in it, “you cannot be serious.  Can you?”  
She smiled, “know by the Oath that I cannot lie.  It is as I say.  Fear not that a ‘mere girl’ leads the Brethren.  Know also that the Master Himself raised me to this position for reasons of His own choosing.  It is not by my or any other mortal’s counsel that things happened as they did.  At least in this matter, I fear you have no more you can say.  If you treat other rulers as you have treated me you shall have no right to speak anywhere.”
Luis said, “you would have your people prevent us from being heard even after you said you would not?”  
The Lady smiled coldly and said, “the Brethren would have nothing to do with it.  As long as the current system of government endures you must earn the right to be heard.  Such behavior will only ensure that no one wishes to hear you.  You have had my counsel and I have heard enough of yours.  I bid you farewell.”  
She resumed her seat and all those who had gone to their knees stood, save Bella.  They made their bows and left her presence.  Luis was very stiff in his courtesies and glared at Bella coldly as he passed her on his way to the door.  The door shut behind them and they silently made their way to the stables to collect their mounts.  They rode silently out of Astoria and said nothing until they were well beyond the border.  
That night as they sat around the fire, Luis finally spoke, “the temerity of the woman!”  
One of the men asked, “Bella or the Lady?”  
Luis scowled, “both!  This trip has been a complete disaster.  We lost one of our formative members and have gained nothing.”  
Tia spoke up, “at least you know more of the Brethren and also know for certain that they will not hinder your future efforts.”  
Luis cooled marginally and said, “you are right.  It has not been a complete waste of time, but it has been a costly endeavor.  But perhaps it is for the best that the weaker minds are weeded out before the true work begins.  At least we know that all here are faithful and dedicated to our goal.  We must meet again with our informant as soon as may be once we return home.  He must hear of this and his knowledge will be invaluable in the coming days.”  
Tia asked, “if he was so wrong about the Brethren you will yet trust him in other matters?”  
Luis smiled like a father at a toddler asking foolish questions, “my dear, he was more right than you can imagine.  Mark my words, the Brethren shall try to stop us in one way or another, if not by overt violence.  You saw what they did to poor Bella!  How can we let other fragile minds be so influenced?  They have affirmed all of the dangers my secretive friend spoke of and have only shown us that we must protect others from Bella’s fate.  They say the Brethren cannot lie, but who could look at the Lady and not know she lied about her age?  And her claims of being appointed by the Master himself?  Pure madness!  Yes my friends, it shall be our noble duty to protect all the world from sharing in their insanity.”
The others did not seem to disagree with him, or at least were not foolish enough to voice such thoughts, and the subject was not broached again.  They returned to their philosophical musings as if nothing of great import had happened and so did it continue all the way back home.  Tia had never thought she would be so happy to reach Panmycea, but at last the tedious journey was ended and perhaps the true work would begin.  
Before her party left her at her familiar inn, Luis said, “you must join us for our next meeting my dear.  It shall be two nights hence at the same place and time as our last encounter.  Farewell.”  
She smiled blandly and bid them goodnight.  She sent a letter to Turin at the Citadel to let him know that she had returned and also to inform him of happenings upon her journey.  The afternoon before the appointed meeting Geff turned up once again.  “Welcome back,” said he happily.  
She smiled in spite of herself, “it is good to be back.  It was a long and tiresome journey.  Tonight I hope to learn more of their mysterious informant.  I hope something useful comes of this little outing.”  
Geff nodded, “we still have no more information than when you left, though I am happy to say we have not had to worry about mad archers for a time.”  
She smiled sweetly and said, “it is good to speak with a friend again.  I wish I could spend a little time with all of you but such is my mission.  I am sorry to rush off but I have to prepare for my meeting.  Thank you for cheering my heart.”  
Geff smiled and vanished out the door.  Tia carefully prepared for her meeting and then rode off towards the familiar inn.  The innkeeper glanced up and simply motioned towards the room at the back.  Apparently he was well used to this sort of thing.  She made her way to the appointed room and took a seat.  
Luis was the only one there.  He looked nervous, but excited.  He welcomed her and said, “you should be very excited.  My contact has agreed to meet with us this very night!  He says he has important information to share with us.  Information that will greatly assist us in shaking the pillars of the world!”  Tia tried her best not to look concerned.
The others filed in soon after.  Luis kept glancing nervously at the door as if he thought his contact might not show up after all.  Just before the meeting was set to begin and the door was to be bolted shut, there came a great banging knock and the door was flung open.  A tall, broad man with great curling mustaches sauntered into the room.  He glanced around at the dozen people there gathered and smiled broadly.  “Well met Luis,” said the man, “a grand turn out as you promised.  Each of these is sworn to your cause?”  
Luis nodded, “I will vouch for their sincerity myself.”  The man eyed them all again then said, “and which of these stout lads was responsible for taking potshots at the Brethren?”  Luis smiled proudly and pointed at Tia.  
The stranger laughed, “well done my dear, very well done.  It takes much courage to prove your point to one’s enemies.  I shall expect great things of you in the future.”  Tia tried to smile proudly, but something about the man made her skin crawl.  She had no doubts she was being addressed by one claiming allegiance to the Brotherhood.  Surprisingly he said just that, “you are all probably wondering who I am and what I am doing addressing such an auspicious group of people?  I am called Durme and I come before you today as an enlightened mind that has forsaken the mythical snares in which my mind was once entrapped.  You are wise folk to stay away from such things.  Rationality and reason are the only true aspirations of a learned mind.  I hear some of you went on a trip to Astoria.  What tales can you tell of that strange land?”  
Luis looked solemn and said, “one of our number succumbed to their fairy tales and when confronted about various concerns, their Lady proved very argumentative but had little of substance to share.  If we continue steadfastly in our mission, I think we shall easily supplant them one day as the source of wisdom and peace in the world.”  
Durme said, “I am sorry to hear of the loss of your colleague, perhaps one day she shall learn the error of her ways and return to us.  But I am glad you have satisfied your curiosity as regards the Brethren and have a better understanding of the greatest enemy to reason we yet face.  It is of such superstitions that I have come hither to speak.”
He continued, “I was once a member of a group calling themselves the Brotherhood of the Serpent that held as its core belief the idea that one could gain absolute power by dedicating one’s life to a being called the Evil One.  Of course, it did not take long for me to realize the whole thing was an elaborate hoax and I shortly withdrew my support.  These people are as misguided as the Brethren, save they worship the supposed nemesis of the fictitious Master instead of the Master himself.  Both the Brethren and the Brotherhood are immune to reason and logic, but both exercise great influence upon the powers that move the world.  Our goal shall be to counteract their sway and replace it with our own, which shall be based entirely upon knowledge and reason.  We cannot allow fairy tales to rule the world as they have since the dawn of time.  The time has come for the Age of Reason and the end of myth and superstition.  We are the bearers of these great tidings and shall usher in the next great age of humanity!”  
Tia had no doubts that the man was still deeply entangled with the Brotherhood, but unlike the Brethren, they could lie as much as they liked to advance their cause.  She wondered why he would deny his allegiances publicly and then realized that there was no better way to exploit these enlightened fools than to say he had rejected the very ‘myths’ they wanted to destroy.  The Brotherhood did not openly court adherents, as did the Brethren; those who wanted to find the Brotherhood were always drawn thither.  Durme’s denials of his allegiance did not negatively affect the Brotherhood in the least and greatly helped his current goal.  These poor fools would play right into his hand and he would exploit them in the best interests of the Brotherhood.  The irony would have been delicious were it not so sad.  
The rest of the meeting was simply glorified words meant to inspire the already dedicated.  Tia found no concrete plans of any kind, simply rhetoric.  She dreaded the future meetings she would have to endure before she had something of use to report.  She supposed that their numbers were simply far too few to as yet be of much use.  
As the meeting ended Durme said, “to be effective we need far greater numbers of dedicated disciples.  I charge you all to go out and recruit more individuals of like mind to join our cause.  Only then can we act.”  The small group gave a rousing cheer and instead of leaving, they broke into small clusters to discuss recent revelations.  Tia found herself unwillingly ensconced between Luis and Durme.  Durme said, “I have great aspirations for you my dear.  Do you have friends you could bring into our little circle?”  
Tia shook her head, “I am a stranger in the city and very nearly alone.”  
Durme looked disappointed, “we cannot begin to shake the foundations of the world without ample support.”  
“What exactly is your plan to change the world as we know it?” asked Tia.  
Durme smiled eagerly, “first we hope to win the hearts and minds of the soldiers within the Citadel over to our own way of thinking.  With such numbers we can then move on to sharing our message with the entire world.  Reason shall win the day and hold sway in all nations within a generation.  The Master and the Nameless One shall soon hold places of honor beside Kerfluffle the Ogre and his comrades as nothing more than children’s tales.”  
Tia asked, “how shall you gain access to the soldiers within the Citadel?  They are very cautious in who they allow through the gates.”  
Durme smiled, “you have a sharp mind young one; you shall do very well indeed.  We shall find our way in sooner or later.  Perhaps the General shall allow us in freely after hearing our petitions and then shall allow us to speak at length with his faithful men.”  
“What of the Brethren?” asked the girl.  
Durme smiled villainously, “they will be dealt with as necessary.  Their interference is an annoyance we do not need and a distraction from true wisdom.  Perhaps you shall have another chance to shoot at them again, and this time it will not be only a means of getting their attention.”  
She said quietly, “I shall do what I must.”  The others nodded happily, not understanding her meaning in the least.


Chapter 14

She left the meeting feeling cold and dirty.  These peaceful philosophers would capitulate soon enough to a little violence if it would hasten the advancement of their cause.  She wondered how fast the group could gain adherents and how dedicated they would be to the cause.  It was one thing to discuss these matters in a small meeting and quite another to carry them out in cold blood on a dark night.  It could be months or even years before they had numbers enough for whatever the foul man was plotting, but she doubted Durme would wait that long.  The men of the Brotherhood had not the extended lifespans of the Brethren and each moment was therefore counted much more dear.  
Tia returned to her inn and was surprised to find Geff awaiting her in the common room.  The innkeeper smiled knowingly, assuming some illicit romance.  Tia blushed crimson.  She put her things away and returned to her ersatz suitor.  To her horror, Durme chose that moment to walk in the front door.  He saw the young pair and made an assumption, “dear heart I thought you said you were here alone?”  
She blushed crimson and said, “this young man has shown great interest in me and seems to haunt my steps, however I do not know if I return his feelings.  I did not want to entangle him in something before I was sure of my own thoughts on the matter or even if I had the time.  We have important work to do.”  
Durme smiled broadly and said, “who cares what your personal feelings are.  We need cool heads and broad minds.  Love can wait.  Our mission cannot.  What do you say lad?  Do you want to join a remarkable group of great thinkers who want to change the world?”  
Geff smiled shyly and said, “I do not know.  I simply came to see the lady.  She continues to tease me and I wish to know if it is more than a game to her.  Besides, I have other duties to which I must attend.”  
“Bah,” laughed Durme, “what can be more pressing than progress?  Join us boy and change the world.”  
Geff sighed, “I am intrigued by your offer but am merely an apprentice and must ask my master before I promise anything.”
Durme sighed, “a man of honor I see.  Well, be off and speak with your master on the double, bring him here and I will answer all of his objections.”  Geff exchanged a plaintive look with Tia and then disappeared from the inn.  
Durme took his place at the table across from the girl.  “Now dear one,” said Durme, “let us discuss the future.  You have great promise if you are guided correctly.  We need you on this little errand and if successful, we shall need you even more thereafter.  If the boy here does not strike your fancy, I shall be more than happy to offer my consoling shoulder in your time of need.  However, I place no requirement upon you.  If the boy joins us, I wish you both well.  If not, remember me when next you feel the need for companionship.”  
Tia wanted to shudder at his offer but only long years of practice hid her revulsion.  They sat and exchanged meaningless babble until Geff returned.  Turin had not been happy to be woken by the excited boy, but when the situation was explained he thought it the best course of action.  Geff left immediately and rode back towards the inn like a madman.  
He smiled broadly and said, “my master has given his blessing.  Count me in on your mad scheme though I hardly understand it myself.”  
Durme clapped the boy on the back, “welcome aboard!  What friends can you bring into the fold?”  
Geff shrugged, “I know a few people but I do not know if they care for such things.  I shall ask however.”  
Durme smiled, “that is all I wish.  Goodnight young ones.  We meet again tomorrow night.  Bring what friends you can, even if they lack conviction.  We shall see who we can convince.”  He smiled eagerly and left.  The two Brethren exchanged a look asking what they had just found themselves enmeshed in. 
Durme smiled happily at the thought of one more member in his little organization and left immediately to see if he could encourage other members of the group in their recruiting efforts.  Tia looked at Geff and shook her head.  What was the man up to and how were the Freethinkers foolish enough to become involved with it?  They must wait until tomorrow's meeting to find out.  
Geff returned to the Citadel and informed Turin and the others of the strange happenings of the night.  He would return for the meeting on the following evening.  Tia was happy to have a friend in the group and someone else who had some common sense but she hoped this whole fiasco would soon be at an end.  The following day went rather slowly and Durme stopped in several times to hassle her about others who also might like to join.  She was adamant that she knew no one else though he did not seem to believe her and left disappointed.  Evening finally arrived and Geff appeared at the meeting as well as many new faces.  It seemed Durme had been busy.  The usual dozen or so had grown to nearly twenty people.  Some looked eager, others bored, and a few confused.  
Luis made a few welcoming remarks and then Durme took the stage.  He smiled and nodded at various newcomers, as if he knew them intimately, and then began, "welcome my fellow Freethinkers and all those thinking of joining this august group.  You are all here by special invitation because you meet our exacting standards."  
Tia fought to keep a straight face, thinking the only requirement was the ability to breath and put together a sentence.  Her smile faded as she felt a strange sensation envelope the room, as if something were trying to cloud her mind and suppress her own thoughts while making room for the thoughts of another.  All around her, the people succumbed to the urge.  Most wore dazed expressions or had closed their eyes altogether.  Tia glanced at Geff in alarm.  He shook his head minutely and almost completely closed his eyes.  Tia did the same though she kept them open enough to watch what happened around her.
 She knew the Brotherhood could use such vile tricks but this was her first encounter with their foul powers.  She and Geff were protected from the witchery by their Oaths but the rest in the room had no defense and easily succumbed.  Durme began speaking again and extolled the virtue of the Freethinkers and reason.  He urged them to find others to join their ranks.  He encouraged haste in overthrowing those that stood in the way of reason, with violence if necessary.  No one said anything.  There were no cheers or cries of outrage.  Everyone stood there like sheep and absorbed whatever information Durme chose to throw at them.  
The miasma dissipated and Luis stood forth (after a moment to regain his senses) and said, "thank you Durme for those encouraging remarks.  We must now decide upon a course of action.  I think perhaps an envoy should be sent to the Citadel to speak with the General about allowing us to speak with his soldiers upon the finer points of reason.  If that fails we may have to try something else."  
Durme smiled, "an excellent idea.  I think that you and two others should make our case before the General tomorrow and then we shall meet again tomorrow night and discuss our future actions."  
Luis smiled broadly, "I completely agree.  All of you not yet official members that wish to become so please see me after the meeting.  The rest of you continue to look for possible recruits.  We will need much help if we are to succeed in spreading reason across the world."  
All of the new people seemed impressed by the Freethinkers and wanted to join immediately.  Since it involved nothing that would violate his Oath, Geff signed up so as not to draw suspicion.  Tia had never actually signed up yet had somehow become a member by default.  Luis asked Tia and an older, matronly woman called Mollie, to go with him to the Citadel on the morrow.  She readily agreed.  Durme wandered over and wished them luck and gave Tia a horrible smile that bordered on a leer.  She tried not to shudder.  Geff pretended not to notice.  The group broke up and returned to their various abodes.  Geff and Tia walked back to the inn and discussed what to do next.  It would all rest upon the General's reaction on the morrow.  Geff went back to the Citadel to give the General and the others a full report.
 Luis and the Mollie called early the next morning and they made their way to the Citadel, hoping for a prompt reception.  They made their request of the guards upon the gate and after some little while were told to call back an hour after midday.  They thanked the guards and went to find somewhere private to wait for their meeting.  It seemed to Tia they endlessly discussed what they would say and do in every possible circumstance.  Tia feared she might go mad very soon if this continued, but the time passed and they arrived early for their audience.  The General met them in his cluttered office and glanced up without recognition at his visitors.  An aide whispered in his ear and he put on an uninterested smile and welcomed them.  They moved stacks of paper aside and sat in the provided chairs.  
Luis began, "General we represent the Freethinkers, a group dedicated to the promulgation of reason and knowledge.  We would like to offer our services to your men and help instill in them a firm foundation of reason, logic, and philosophy on which we would hope to later build with more focused learning."  
The General said, "I already have educational matters firmly in hand.  What makes you think I need any more help in that area and who are you that I would accept such help had I the need?  All I know of you is what you have just told me.  What qualifies you to teach my men anything?"  
Luis smiled condescendingly, "General you are a man of war and not learning.  Fear not that we would negatively influence your men.  We would in fact do them a great good.  Who else but the Freethinkers could provide them with unbiased knowledge?"  
"Who indeed?" laughed the General, "So you think I am an imbecile just because I lead an army?  That in itself is enough to make me avoid any influence of your little group upon my men.  The Brethren are doing a superb job of handling things and they do not insult my intelligence."  
Luis smiled even more patronizingly, "that is exactly what we have feared and why we have come.  Our teachings are free of any children's tales about the Master and his ways.  We teach pure reason untainted by myth and superstition."
 The General was silent and Tia realized he was trying desperately not to laugh.  Finally mastering himself, he said, "as for fairy tales, I do not think the Master counts as such.  I welcome the Brethren's 'contaminated' knowledge.  My men need such things as morals and ethics, ideals that must stem from some higher purpose.  Without that my little band would quickly fall into the greed or evil of the Order and the Legion respectively.  What is to keep them from taking advantage of others save for a belief in and respect for the Master, the Truth, and the Law?  Reason alone would not suffice to keep the baser human tendencies at bay, by which the strong prey upon the weak."  
"On the contrary," said Luis, "by reason man can overcome his more animal instincts and then use his reason to benefit others and thereby usher in an era of peace."  
This time the General did not bother to hide his amusement, "you have not lived among the majority of humanity if you believe that.  I have met brilliant men who are evil by choice.  If you believe in nothing higher than yourself, then it would be foolish not to take advantage where you can.  You cannot call yourself reasonable and do otherwise."  
Luis said, "but we have no such problems among ourselves."  
The General looked grim, "you have not yet encountered want or lack of plenty.  Let desperation take you and then let us see how much reason remains among you."  
Luis said, "in want or plenty reason shall always remain."  
The General laughed, "for you it may but you shall die with that platitude on your lips as someone forcefully takes advantage of the situation."  
Luis did not look happy but said, "all we ask is equal opportunity to teach your men as that granted to the Brethren.  It is only fair.  Let the men decide what they shall believe!"  
The General smiled coldly, "this is a military organization.  We care nothing for what you consider fair.  You shall have your teaching opportunity when you can prove that you have as much sense as the Brethren."  
Luis smiled broadly, "we have much more sense.  We have rejected the myths to which weaker minds cling."  
The General said, "I and many of my men actually saw your so-called myth in person after the Battle of the Plain.  Even if I had not had that one privileged glimpse I would have no doubts as to the veracity of their claims.  Not only have I seen things otherwise unexplainable, but I have met many valiant and brilliant men whose lives testify to the validity of their beliefs.  I may not be numbered among the Brethren but my faith is no less strong."
 Luis looked stunned which quickly flashed to irritation, "if that is the case we shall trouble you no further.  Thank you for your time.  Perhaps we shall speak of this again another time."  
The General smiled, "none too soon I would hope."  He laughed quietly to himself as they bowed themselves out.  Luis spent the whole return journey fuming silently to himself.  The two women exchanged worried looks but remained silent.  They arrived in time for the meeting and Luis gave a full account.  Durme and most of the others were not happy.  "
What now?" asked a man in the back.  
Durme smiled in anticipation, "we must take by cunning or force that which we could not take by politics."  
Several people (mostly those who had not been there the previous evening) looked concerned and one said, "is this not against our charter?"  
Luis said, "the charter of the Freethinkers says nothing about using (or not using) violence or cunning under extreme circumstances, but perhaps with patience we can gain influence.  The General is merely uneducated about the Freethinkers and our value.  He will learn in time."  
Durme said, "he has had time.  We need a new strategy or perhaps a new leader in control of the Citadel."  
"I have heard enough," said a new voice, "arrest him."  
Everyone looked around in confusion as over a dozen men in the uniform of the General's men and three of the Brethren came through the door and surrounded the crowd with drawn blades.  
Durme smiled grimly, "on what charge do you arrest me?  I have done nothing wrong."  
Turin smiled just as grimly and said, "you are a member of the Brotherhood of the Serpent and are plotting treason, I think that reason enough."  
Durme smiled innocently, "but I am a former member of that group.  You cannot hold my previous sins against me.  Have you not taken such as I into the service of your Lady?"  
Turin shook his head, "you have not repented of your evil.  You still feel as if you wallow in it.  I have met those of whom you speak and none has the evil reek that you yet carry.  My order stands, arrest him."  Seeing that the Freethinkers were not likely to intervene due to worries about their own futures, curiosity about the whole situation, or reluctance to face death for a stranger, Durme took matters into his own hands.  He drew his sword and grabbed a handy hostage, ready to barter the girl's life for his own.
 Turin sighed, feeling as if they had done this all before and hoping he did not have to repeat it.  He said, "let the girl go.  We will not bargain with you."  
Durme smiled evilly, "then her blood is on your hands."  
Turin said, "it is you who wish to shed innocent blood, not I.  Do not add murder to your crimes.  Let her go and perhaps we will be merciful."  
Durme laughed, "not good enough.  I want a full pardon and a fast horse.  Then I may let the girl go or perhaps not.  I have taken rather a fancy to her."  He smiled disgustingly at Tia whom he held tightly by the arm.  
She said to Turin, "do what you must, but by no means bargain for my life; it is in the Master's hands as ever it has been.  If I must, I will gladly die in His service.  This vile lecher must not be allowed to escape."  
Turin sighed, "you are as bad as Tristan in these things but you have the right of it."  He turned to his men and said, "spare the girl if you can but catch the man at all costs."  
Durme snarled at Tia, sensing that his time was growing short, "you?  One of them?  A pity, I had thought we had found something beautiful together.  At least if I die, it will not be alone.  I don’t have time for more."  He slashed her across the side of the neck with his tainted blade.  While the wound was not serious in itself, the proximity to her heart and brain of the vile magics with which it was tainted made it quickly fatal.  She did not even have time to scream as she blacked out and collapsed.  Geff and Mollie caught her.  Turin and his men rushed at the evil man.  
Geff said to the nervous woman, "quickly, to the stables."  
She looked at him as if he had asked her to dance with him at that rather inopportune moment, but there was purpose in his plan.  Before they could take another step, a great crashing noise filled the room as the shuttered window at the back of the room flew apart.  Kozak stuck his great head in the hole he had just created.  He whickered nervously at his stricken mistress and they carried her prone form over to the stallion.  He instinctively sought the wound and drooled upon it profusely.  Tia stirred, gasped, and reached up a hand to stroke the great nose.  Kozak whickered happily.  The old woman and half the room gawked at the magnificent creature they had once thought as mythic as the Master himself.  The other half of the room watched the drama unfolding between Turin and the vile man.
A fatal blow had been struck, the man clutched at his ruined chest, scowling up at his killers.  Turin looked grim, "you yet have time to repent of your evils before the darkness and despair that is yours by right claim your soul upon death."  
Durme laughed, "and will even now your precious Master heal me?"  
Turin shook his head, "you have earned your reward, but He promises life whereas your masters lie about death."  
Durme laughed weakly, "and what would you know of such things.  There is nothing beyond the gates of death."  
Turin shook his head sadly, "your masters lie as easily as you do.  Why trust them even now?  What has any of this gained you save an early grave and a wretched life?"  
The man grinned on the brink of death and said, "I shall soon know the truth then, but I shall not turn aside from my chosen path."  He toppled over, shuddered, and dissolved into an oily stain on the floor.  All gathered took an instinctive step back in disgust.  
With that settled, Turin turned his attention back to the silent audience saying, "you have all been under the influence of an evil sorcerer.  He has used his vile powers to influence your minds.  I will not hold any accountable this night for any intended actions.  Go home in peace.  If you must meet again, choose a more honest leader and abide by the law."  
Most quietly slipped out and never associated with that group again.  A dozen people still remained, as if nothing more interesting existed elsewhere.  Turin made his way to the back of the room and found Tia well, save for the nasty gash on the side of her neck.  Someone had already returned with water, soap, wound dressing, a needle, thread, and bandages.  Geff and the old woman were skillfully attending to her wound.
 As she finished stitching the wound and began to bandage it, the old woman said, "it warms my heart to know unicorns are real.  All my life people have told me they were just a myth, but how could such a great hearted beast be naught but a fairy tale?"  Kozak whinnied in the affirmative.  Mollie reached up and stroked the great head, "it almost makes me want to believe in all the other things I have also dismissed as myth or superstition.  You seemed ready to die for your beliefs yet you do not seem mad, so either they are true or you are greatly deceived."  
Tia smiled, "when the Oath is taken we all know that we may one day be asked to die in the Master's service.  I am neither mad nor misinformed; the Oath cannot be taken in either case.  It is a choice made with full understanding and a willing acceptance of all that is involved."  
Mollie sighed, "all my life I have sought something worth dying for and therefore worth dedicating my life to.  I have tried many things but always come away empty.  Am I too old to learn of your Master?"  
Tia laughed joyfully and threw her arms about the old woman and said, "I shall ride with you to Astoria."  Several others about the room were also so moved and Tia soon had five people to escort to Astoria.  
Turin smiled, "it is a good thing I am done with you then.  I think we have accomplished our mission and Panmycea is once again relatively safe from the Brotherhood.  Geff and I shall return to the Academy on the morrow, much as that thought pains me.  If the Lady has need of us elsewhere please have her send word."  
The Brethren and the soldiers left, leaving Tia alone with the remnants of the Freethinkers.  Luis approached, "Mollie you cannot be serious?"  
Mollie smiled blissfully and said, "for once in my life I think I am.  I am going to Astoria."  Several of the others nodded.  
Luis turned to Tia, "you have been one of them all along?"  
Tia laughed, "of course.  My job was to ferret out the agents of the Brotherhood plotting evil against Panmycea.  My colleagues were safe from any real harm and my arrows drew out my quarry as I hoped they would.  What shall become of you now?"  
Luis shrugged, "we shall not be popular here for some time, perhaps I will head east and see if I can breathe some life into the moribund University."  Several others cheered.  Luis smiled sadly, "then we leave on the morrow.  We shall see if we can bring reason to the East."  
Tia said, "you still do not believe in anything beyond reason, even after all you have seen this night?"  Luis took her hands gently and looked into her eyes sadly, saying, "my dear there are just some things I cannot bring myself to believe.  Even if the Master himself stood before me I do not think I could acknowledge him.  I have seen many strange things yes, but I am sure there is a rational explanation.  Perhaps an explanation that we do not yet know enough to understand.  Neither do we understand the turn of the seasons, the mysteries involved with conception and birth, and the exact nature of the stars.  We shall know all of this in time.  I shall be patient rather than superstitious.  I had hoped for much more from you my dear.  But you have your path and I have mine.  Perhaps in time you shall learn the folly of your ways.  Farewell."  
Tia smiled sadly as he turned away and said, "may the Master ride with you Luis, whether you believe in Him or not."  He gave her a small smile and walked away.  His remaining followers went after him.  Tia and the remaining five sought their beds and departed early on the morrow.


Chapter 15

 Colin and Raine rode west from Astoria towards the plains of Tithbia.  The semi-nomadic Tithbians had played a crucial role in the outcome of the Battle of the Plains almost a year prior.  They were a proud and independent people who had little to do with outsiders save for traders come to buy their famed horses.  After the Battle, the world’s attention turned inwards as it was busy putting itself back together; the Lady felt it was now time to check on their reluctant allies.  The Brethren had wandered about the Plain in former years but were roundly ignored, save the occasional singer who was eagerly listened to.  Colin thought it would be interesting to see if their attitude towards outsiders, particularly the Brethren, had changed in the year since the Battle.  They entered a modest village on the edge of the Plain and spent the night, hoping to move on in the morning towards the unofficial capital where the elected Chieftain sat.  That night at the inn, two men appearing to be middlingly successful merchants accosted them; they invited themselves over and took chairs at the table shared by the two Brethren.  
"Hello gentlemen," said the elder of the two, "I hope we are not inconveniencing you but we have a pressing matter we wish to discuss with the young man."  They waited patiently for Colin to leave but he did not take the hint.  "Very well," continued the elder man, "we will discuss it with both of you.  Young man, are you perhaps the son of a woman called Katia?"  
Raine looked shocked and asked, "how do you know that and who are you?"  
The older man smiled, "you have the look of the royal family of Kalmar.  The youngest daughter of the late king went missing about twenty years ago.  It was rumored she was killed in a riding accident but many people think she ran off with her lover, a common soldier, and so as to avoid scandal, her family covered over the whole affair with the story of her early demise.  I take it by your reaction that you are her son.  Have you any other family and does your mother still live?"  
Raine shook his head, "I am an only child and my parents are dead.  What have I to do with you?"  
The man continued, "shortly after the girl's disappearance her entire family, including the king, died suddenly.  Many think they were poisoned but no investigation was ever made.  The King's brother assumed the throne with the help of one of his advisors and has ruled ever since.  We two and the traitor are all that remain of the late King's many advisors.  The rest were executed for heresy; we managed to flee before we were arrested and have lived in exile these many years."
 Colin asked, "executed for heresy?  Treason I can see, but why heresy?"  
The man smiled grimly and said, "the king and the traitor have twisted the Truth and the teachings of the Master to serve their own ends.  They call their new interpretation 'the Way.'  Anyone who does not abide by the teachings is executed or imprisoned.  The common folk live in abject poverty with all but the barest necessities going to the King and his minions for 'redistribution' in the name of social justice, though little enough is returned to those who need it.  The king is unjust and a tyrant; he holds a throne that is not rightfully his.  You are the sole survivor of your kin and have every right to claim the throne.  The people are ready to revolt and will do so under your leadership.  War will come shortly, no matter your decision.  Things cannot go on like this."  
Raine smiled grimly and said, "you would have me start a civil war that might claim countless lives and then place me upon the throne to rule as a puppet under your guidance?"  
The man looked startled but said, "war will come regardless and your rule would be your own."  
Raine sighed, "I cannot take the throne even if I wished to.  I have duties elsewhere.  And I will not start a war."  
The man gasped, "we offer you a crown and you shrug us off so easily?  What pressing duties can compare with the needs of your own people?"  
Before Raine could answer, Colin broke in, "why does the Lady of Astoria not know of this?  She would not sit idly by while Kalmar descended into chaos.  Is there no advisor to the King from the Brethren?  If he was slain, why has she not acted?  How can this go unnoticed for twenty years?"  
The elder man shrugged, "the traitor of which I spoke was once numbered among the Brethren.  I know little of such things but I doubt that he any longer considers himself one of them.  I have no doubt that he can lie to the Lady of Astoria as easily as he has lied to us all."  
Colin shook his head, "these are grim tidings indeed.  We shall come to Kalmar as soon as we are finished with our business in Tithbia and we shall see if there is a way to remedy this disaster short of civil war."  
The men looked at Colin oddly, "you would come to our aid yet reject our offer of the throne.  Why?"  
Raine smiled, "the Brethren are not allowed to rule nations but that does not mean we may not aid them at need."  
The elder smiled, "perhaps this is not just a chance encounter after all.  We shall need your help and counsel in this matter if things are to change.  We shall accompany you, if we may, and then ride to Kalmar together once your duties are finished."  Colin agreed but asked that they hang back and not form part of their party as they interacted with the Tithbians.  This was readily agreed to and they all set off the next morning to speak with the Chieftain.
 They rode swiftly across the plains and soon came to Grubar, the unofficial capital of the Tithbian clansmen.  The Chieftain was eager to see the emissaries from the Lady, a great change from a year ago.  He said, "I welcome the Brethren again to Tithbia.  Life has not been the same since the Battle.  Many saw things of which we thought we had no part and it seems our hearts will not let us rest until we do have some part in the matter.  Long have we avoided any contact with the outside world and its ways.  We have maintained our own customs and traditions, but we can no longer live contentedly in silence and let the world slip away around us.  We desire more than we currently have.  We have seen the Master but do not know Him.  Can your people fill the void in our hearts?"  Colin was surprised by the man's pleas: the pleas of an entire people it seemed.  He thought back to his first encounters with the Brethren and could understand their longing for something more in life than what they had yet found.  
Colin said, "I am sure the Lady would be happy to send whatever teachers you would require."  
The Chieftain smiled and said, "this would be of great value to us.  We once thought ourselves beyond or above such things, but we have come to realize the darkness and meaninglessness in our own hearts and yearn for this knowledge.  We will gladly accept your offer, and many of my people wish to go to Astoria and learn these things for themselves.  I know such a process must take many years but if our own people could go, learn, and return to teach us it would greatly warm our hearts.  Your own teachers could then go elsewhere as ours return to take their place among their own kindred."  
Colin said, "I have not the authority of the Lady so cannot guarantee her answer, but I am sure she will seriously consider your offer.  When will your people be ready to ride?"  
The Chieftain smiled, "tonight we shall hold a feast and they shall ride on the morrow.  Will you accompany them?"  
Colin sadly shook his head, "we have pressing duties elsewhere, but I will send a letter to the Lady with your folk who ride for Astoria."  
The great man nodded and clapped his arm across his chest in the Tithbian equivalent of a bow, "it shall be as you say."  
Colin quickly wrote his letter and spoke with the Tithbians who had gathered to make the journey to Astoria.  Word was quickly sent to the other villages and their folk would make their own way towards Astoria.  A great celebration was held that night, to the joy of all.  It seemed the Tithbians were very eager in their desire to learn more of the Master and the Truth.  Colin wished he could ride back with them, but they had business in Kalmar.  Early the next morning they rode off with the exiles.

 Their road took them southwest towards the sea and the mountains.  As they rode, they discussed how best to pursue matters.  Colin flatly refused to start a war unless no other way could be found and the Lady was consulted on the matter.  Their only choice was to confront the King and his traitorous advisor themselves.  Once they crossed the Kalmaran border, they occasionally stopped along the way and spoke with the common folk.  All seemed ever on the verge of terror, wondering if the men to whom they spoke were secret agents of the King sent to trap them.  The two merchants explained their side of things and a few peasants actually spoke with them.  All were miserable and lived with barely enough to survive.  All were terrified to rise up or even complain lest the King have them killed for heresy.  The Master was a distant and terrifying creature who smote those that did not please him.  The whole country stunk of poverty and despair.  
The merchants were opposed to the Brethren going directly to the King and one said, "you will not leave alive and then of what value is your aid?  The King will not allow word of the situation in Kalmar to reach the Lady.  Your lives will be forfeit once you pass the gates of the castle."  
Colin said, "word is already on its way to the Lady.  I sent word with the Tithbians.  She shall know either way.  I will not sit in hiding and wait another twenty years for something to happen.  If we cannot do something ourselves by confronting the king then the Lady must find another strategy but negotiation must be attempted first.  I know that our lives may be forfeit, but if we can buy these people freedom it will be worth it.  We do not fear death."  The man nodded sadly and said no more on the subject, as they appeared firm on the issue.  The Brethren rode boldly up to the gates and asked to speak with Geof, the former advisor to the King from the Lady.  The merchants hung back and found a quiet inn in which to conceal themselves.  If things went ill, it would be up to them to pass on word to those the Lady sent after Colin and Raine.  
The guards laughed saying, "it is your life but if you must see him that is your business."  They sent a servant running and he returned with these instructions, "you must leave your mounts outside the walls of the castle and your weapons with the guards."  The two complied, though the unicorns were not happy to be so abandoned.  They spent a moment in farewells, not knowing whether they would meet again this side of death.  The guards laughed scornfully at their strange attitude towards their mounts, but dutifully took their weapons and ushered them into the courtyard.
 They were escorted into the presence of Geof and immediately knew what everyone had assumed: he was no longer a part of the Brethren.  He dismissed the guards and smiled grimly at his guests.  He said, "it has been twenty years since I have spoken with one of my old colleagues.  I have carefully kept the situation in Kalmar a secret from the Lady.  My regular reports assure her that everything is as it should be.  Any of her agents that enter this country are kept carefully from my presence until they ride on.  Until now, we have been blissfully untroubled by the Brethren.  You must know you cannot leave here alive unless things change drastically and I have no wish for that to happen.  You boy, you look as if you were one of the royal family.  Is that possible?"  
Raine shrugged, "my mother was called Katia and it is said she was an exile from this land."  
Geof smiled, "you have some claim to the throne then.  The King shall not appreciate that but in your present state you can make no claims.  You could do as I did long ago and revoke your Oath for greater things."  
Raine shook his head, "what could be greater than the Master?  I have no desire for another life."  
Geof grinned, "we shall see.  Perhaps when you realize what you have to gain you might reconsider.  We live richly here and the peace is maintained because the peasants are scared witless of our new belief system.  They fear the King or the Master will slay them if they fail to obey.  They give everything over to us and we make sure everyone has a bed and food.  It is all in the name of the common good.  As long as they attend to the Way, they will be safe."  
He laughed long and loud, "this is the way things should be!  Instead of wasting our lives in service to the Master, we should be using him to our own advantage.  The late king's brother came to me with a plan.  I agreed.  I revoked my Oath without anyone's knowledge and began developing the Way and teaching it among the people.  We had the whole family poisoned (save the girl who ran off of her own accord) and said it was the Master's disfavor that killed them.  The grieved brother assumed the throne and has ruled ever since.  I am his devout spiritual advisor: the intercessor between men and the Master.  People live or die by my whim.  The people keep to the Way and avoid the wrath of the Master.  A list of rules is much easier to follow than the Truth."  Both of the Brethren gaped at his twisted thinking.  Geof said, "so what brings you to Kalmar?"  
Colin said, "we encountered merchants in Tithbia with dire tidings of this country and came to investigate.  We hope to change things for the better."  
Geof laughed, "the Brethren never change it seems.  I have heard of you my friend.  You once walked in utter darkness only to change completely.  Why not switch sides again?  You do not have to die if you cooperate in our little scheme."  Colin shook his head.  Geof looked disappointed but turned his attention to Raine, "and you my boy?  You could be heir to the throne.  You have not been long enough in the Master's clutches to be completely lost to reason."  
Raine smiled grimly, "I am firm in my decision.  Will you not consider coming back to the Master?"
 The man laughed, "bah!  The Master!  What has he ever done for me save imperil my life and take all freedom over my own destiny.  Here I am very nearly a king.  I shall take you before the King, but I fear he will not be impressed.  He happens to like things the way they are.  I am afraid you shall die at dawn unless you can work a miracle upon his majesty."  He laughed again and led them from the room.  The King was not impressed.  He nearly called for the headsmen immediately.  
Geof said, "they shall die in the morning.  It has been long since we have had a good execution.  It shall do the people good to remind them of the price of apostasy."  The King smiled and the pair was escorted to the dungeon to await the morning.  
When they were alone, save for the guards, Raine said, "have we made a mistake?"  
Colin smiled gently and said, "no, this situation must be rectified one way or another.  The Lady has been alerted and we have done what we could peacefully.  This is not yet over and I cannot foresee the end.  Perhaps we may yet have some effect unlooked for.  Are you afraid?"  
Raine smiled, "I am not afraid of death, but I did not think it would end this way.  I had just begun to feel like I knew what I was doing with my life.  My anger and grief are finally under control and I felt I could begin being of actual service to others."  
Colin smiled, "we cannot know of what use or benefit our lives have been until we view them from the other side.  If nothing else, you have been a great friend to me.  It has been an honor to serve beside you."  
The boy smiled sadly, "I look to you as I used to look to my father.  I have enjoyed what little time we have had together."  
Colin said solemnly, "I do not think there will be anyone to carry out the proper rites once we have been executed, perhaps we should do so now?"  
The boy frowned, "there is nothing special about a burial save the song.  We do not even mark the grave."  
Colin smiled, "I know, but there is no song more beautiful to my knowledge.  It haunts the very soul with grief and hope, let us give these guards something to remember us by.  We shall not care tomorrow evening."  
Raine looked nervous, "what if it angers someone?"  
Colin laughed, "we are already set to die at sunrise, what more can they add to the sentence?"  
The boy laughed outright, "as you wish it, though I warn you I am no singer."  
Colin laughed, "even better."  
They began the ancient song reserved for the burial of one of the Brethren.  It spoke of mortal loss but eternal gain and all the hope and joy that could be found in such a circumstance.  The guards at first looked angry but soon lost themselves in the haunting paean and said nothing.  Long after, it haunted their memories and could still bring tears to their eyes in remembrance.  They talked long into the night of many things and did not bother with sleep.
 Morning came cold and damp.  The guards bound their hands behind their backs and led them out into the courtyard where a crowd of grim spectators had gathered.  The soldiers had been out and roused everyone in town from their beds for the spectacle.  A wooden platform stood in the midst of the throng and the Brethren were herded onto it.  A smiling headsman and an oft used block were there to greet them.  Several workmen stood about to deal with the messier parts of the event.  The King and Geof stood upon the platform in their regal best.  
Once the prisoners had arrived, Geof said, "these men are accused of apostasy and heresy and are about to be justly executed.  They claim to be of the Brethren, but that accursed lot does not serve the true Master or his Way.  They refuse to bend their stiff necks to our beliefs.  To appease the Master's wrath they must die lest calamity fall upon us all."  The audience was as grim and silent as ever.  Geof said, "bring forth the boy.  This boy also claims to be of the royal line and must not be allowed to foment discord amongst our loyal citizens.  What have you to say boy, to these claims of infidelity and treason?"  
Raine smiled grimly and said, "it is you who are the traitor and the infidel.  I die because I would not betray the Master for temporal gain.  Such is my fate but far happier than what you shall face one day."  
"Enough," growled Geof, "have his head off if only to silence his tongue."  They pushed him forward onto his knees with his neck over the block.  He gave Colin an impish smile and then looked straight ahead.  As the axe was raised for the fatal blow, Colin averted his gaze.  The blade fell with a sickening thud.  Geof smiled grimly, "this is what comes of all those who refuse the true Way.  Will you not turn from your heresy and embrace true freedom?"  
Tears of grief ran down Colin's face but he said, "I have turned from the darkness to the light and have true freedom.  You think I shall settle to live in the twilight once I have lived in the sun?  You can only kill me, what have I to fear in death?  How much more terrible to stand before Him who made my very soul one day and explain to Him why I have betrayed Him.  Your whole Way is a corrupt and evil thing.  I will have no part in it and cling to the real Master, not your heartless wraith.  Do what you must but I will not recant."  
Geof looked taken aback at Colin's firmness of heart and said, "proceed."
 Colin was prodded in the back and driven towards the block, where he went to his knees.  Even now they were nailing shut the lid on the box into which his apprentice's mortal remains had been carelessly tossed.  Another stood waiting for him.  He took these last moments to address the people, "you are captives of a corrupt and twisted version of the Truth.  Know that the Master is real and not the strange phantasm that these imposters promote.  He himself died that men might live.  That is why I willingly die this day because there is more meaning in my death than in the lives of such imposters.  I do not stand guilty of heresy save to those who cling to this false religion."  
"Silence!" scowled the king, “Be done with him and his rebellious lies.”  The headsman smiled happily and raised his axe once more; this was what he lived for.  
Colin prepared for the inevitable but instead came a strangled yelp of, “wait!”  
The confused headsman lowered his blade in disappointment and glanced questioningly at the King, who was just as bewildered by Geof’s behavior.  Geof looked stricken and said, “this man has done nothing wrong.  Neither did the boy.  It should be my head on the block, not theirs.  They had the courage to stand firm where I gave in.  I surrendered greater purpose to cowardice and greed.  Twenty years ago I was numbered among the Brethren but I forsook that calling to murder, lie, and steal.  I was faced with the choice of a death such as this or capitulating to the plots of others.  We murdered the royal family and then took the throne for our own with a warning that their demise was the result of the Master’s displeasure and any further hindrance to his plans would bring about further ruin.  
The grief-stricken people gladly turned to their new King and embraced the Way to ward off further disaster.  The Way and the Master we represented to you were corruptions of the true Master and His Truth.  It was all a lie invented to keep you under control and to prosper ourselves.  The boy died for what he believed and this man also goes to his death willingly.  I have finally found the will to turn from my evil and face the justice that is due me.”  Shocked silence reigned but Geof turned quietly to the still kneeling Colin and pushed him aside, taking his place.  He asked, “will the Master forgive such as I?  I cannot again take the Oath but are my crimes too many and too dark?”  
Colin looked him in the eyes and said, “He took me in when my crimes were darker than yours.  He will take you back if you let Him.”  A look of profound peace passed across the man’s face as he placed his own neck upon the block.  The very confused headsman looked to the King, who was staring with mouth wide open in shock.  The King nodded vaguely, the headsman smiled, and the blade found its mark.  No one spoke as they tried to take in what had just happened.  The workmen went about the tedious business of cleaning up the mess and the headsman sharpened his axe while grinning the whole while with anticipation at Colin.  Colin sighed and again took his place before the grim block.  
The headsman looked to the King, who shook his head.  The headsman was aghast, but there was little he could do.  The King walked over to Colin, raised him to his feet, and unbound his hands.  He said, “enough innocent blood has been spilled this day and on many such days.  It took you and the boy standing firm in your faith until the bitter end to make me realize what we have done.  You wept more for the boy than I ever wept for my murdered kin.  What a wretched man I have become.  It was I that had the cook poison their meal.  The cook then killed himself.  It is now only I that am left to face the justice so long denied me by my own greed, cowardice, and pride.  I am not worthy to rule over these people.  I must face the same fate as my fellow conspirator.  Rule over my people in my stead.”  
Colin was shocked but said, “by my Oath, I cannot rule over your people though I will gladly aid the man to which that duty falls.  Is there none that can take your place?”  
The old king smiled and said, “Justan!”  A boy about Raine’s age climbed the platform and knelt before the old man.  The King removed his crown and placed it upon the boy’s head, saying, “you shall rule now in my stead.  Revoke the falsehood that is the Way and seek the Truth and the true Master.  Lead our people in the ways of our forefathers.  Bring back the peace, the joy, and the prosperity we enjoyed under my brother and his predecessors.”  
The boy wept openly but rose and embraced his grandfather saying, “must it be so?”  
The King nodded sadly, “it must but your reign shall be great.  Learn from my mistakes.”  
The boy faced his people and said, “you have seen justice done this day.  In one week’s time we shall open the royal coffers and storehouses and return to the people that which we have stolen from them.  The old system of taxation shall replace the Way and no more than what is necessary shall be taken from each family.  The Way is hereby abolished and only the Truth, the Common Law, and the real Master shall be acknowledged by myself and my court.  No man is required to follow the Master should he not wish to do so, but no more will the Way be in any way respected or enforced.  Fear no more the terror of previous days!  We are free.”  
The old king smiled proudly at his grandson and then looked to Colin, “you have shown this old and weary heart great courage.  I repent of my evils this day, but am I to be tossed aside by the Master as I have pushed Him away and distorted His truths?”  
Colin said gently, “if you truly repent and seek Him you shall have nothing to fear.  Be at peace.”
The old man did look content with his situation and justice was soon meted out.  The boy wept at the passing of his only surviving kinsman.  The people were in shock after these terrible revelations and events and knew not what to think.  The old king was buried alongside his murdered kin.  Raine and Geof were buried in unmarked graves and Colin alone remained to sound the ancient hymn of death and all that lies beyond.  Finally, Kalmar and its people had found justice and hope.  
Over the next week, Justan did as he had said and much of the pilfered wealth was returned to his starving people.  Investigations were made into all who had participated in various treasonous activities and all were dealt with accordingly.  Colin was kept busy overseeing the return of the people’s rightful wealth, the investigations into those responsible for previous treasons, and also teaching all who would listen about the Truth and the real Master.  Many wanted nothing to do with such things after two decades of oppression in that name, but many were the folk who were hungry for the real thing.  
He was grieved at the loss of his apprentice, but encouraged by the changes being so quickly wrought in Kalmar.  The boy had indeed averted great disaster; the people were desperate and on the brink of civil war, but Raine had stopped war in its tracks.  The young king was a very impressive individual and would rule his people well for many years.  There was much joy (and no little fear that this was all a dream) among the common folk as life returned to its former glories, not enjoyed since the days of the former king.  As the days passed, the people realized that things had truly changed and no longer worried that their new king would bring back the days of horror and dread.
One fine morning, Turin came riding into the castle courtyard with Geff and Kard behind him.  Colin was greatly cheered by the presence of his friends.  He had sent word to the Lady immediately via pigeon after things had been resolved in Kalmar.  The Brethren came before the King and asked of what help they might be.  
Justan smiled and said, “welcome friends.  My people are in desperate need of your wisdom.  Can you teach them the Truth that they have been denied all these long years?”  
Turin smiled, bowed and said, “Majesty it will be our pleasure.  I shall send to Astoria for more qualified teachers if you wish it.  We are merely warriors with a good education.”  The king smiled and said he would very much appreciate if they would do just that.  Word was sent immediately and the four continued in the work Colin had thus far managed alone.  After that was settled, Turin said, “I have heard that you are in need of an apprentice.  How do you feel about taking on a slightly used specimen?”  
Colin said, “I am not sure I am ready yet or ever shall be.  Losing Raine was not something I wish to repeat.”  
Turin put a supportive arm around his friend’s shoulder and said, “I am afraid you have no choice.  The Lady has decided that you and Geff are stuck with one another and I am to take on Kard.  It appears I am better with these creatures during their delicate, formative years and you are much more exciting, and excitement is exactly the thing Geff needs right now.  He has been bored silly with me.”  
Geff smiled and said, “nobody seems to like me.  You will be my third mentor.”  
Colin finally smiled, “I am honored and sure we shall get on fine.  You can begin by polishing my saddle.”  All four shared a much needed laugh.
The days passed quickly and Colin’s grief gradually became less and each day easier.  Finally, the new Teachers arrived and were assigned particular areas within Kalmar in which to work.  A new advisor to the King was also appointed and the four were ordered home.  Colin was glad to be on his way out of Kalmar.  He was not sure enough time could pass to make him ever think of that country again without grief.



Book V



“Riches I need not,
nor man's empty praise,
Thou mine inheritance,
now and always.

Thou and thou only,
the first in my heart.
High King of Heaven,
my treasure Thou art.”

‘Be Thou My Vision’
Irish Hymn



Chapter 1

The richly dressed man rode proudly through the streets of Astoria.  Occasionally one of the townsfolk glanced his way and idly wondered which ruler or country had sent an emissary with a petition for the Lady.  Such folk riding through the streets were an almost every day occurrence, and it was not a cause for great wonder or astonishment, merely idle speculation.  The man dismounted at the castle gates and made his request of the guards.
A servant was sent and soon returned saying, “you are expected and the Lady will see you immediately, if that is agreeable to you, sir?”  The man nodded and followed the servant into the courtyard where a groom took his horse.  
He was a bit irked to be asked for his weapon but remembered from his previous visit that none save the Brethren could stand before the Lady armed.  It was not as if one of her own people turning on her was not as likely as harm coming from visitors.  If one must have silly rules they should apply to everyone, not just a select few.  He sighed as he relinquished the sword, he thought it added considerably to his dashing charm.  He followed the waiting servant and prepared to address the stubborn woman who ruled this motley crew of superstitious rogues.  He had come on an important mission and would not fail as he had done on his previous visit.  The servant opened the door, announced the guest, and bowed himself out.  Luis walked into the room, made a minimal bow, and stood before the woman who seemed unchanged from when last he saw her.  She nodded regally in acceptance of his courtesy, as if he had done her a great honor.  His face reddened in shame, but he said nothing.
“You have come again I see,” said the Lady, “I do hope this is a happier errand than was your last visit?”  
He smiled through gritted teeth and said, “perhaps.  After recent events in Panmycea, I and the remnants of the Freethinkers withdrew to Syre to see if we could breathe new life into the University.  I am happy to say that we have succeeded and will be turning out true scholars to rival the Academy and Astoria within a few years.  Perhaps you have also heard that Salita has started its own College, not wishing to be outdone by Arca and Syre?  Soon enough I think, every country may have its own institution of learning.  As such, we have formed an organization to oversee the quality of education at each institution and also to help the Scholars find places where their knowledge may be of use.  For centuries it was the duty of the Brethren to wander about the countryside and educate the common people in all manner of things beyond basic reading and writing: in all things that a child’s parents were unlikely to be knowledgeable about.  We wish this duty to be shared, or even assumed completely, by our graduates.  
They will be highly skilled in all topic areas and will not have that pitiable little bias that corrupts your entire attempt at education.  However, we thought that Astoria might wish to join the Alliance for the Dissemination of Knowledge.  If you meet our stringent standards, your teachers will be allowed to continue in their ancient duties.  Of course you must refrain from corrupting your teachings with myths, but otherwise I do not fear that you shall qualify for such a distinguished honor.  Henceforth, any roaming teacher must be certified by the Alliance else we do not guarantee the quality of the educational experience they offer.  We shall be speaking with all sitting monarchs upon these matters and hope to have their cooperation in barring any but our Scholars from teaching their people.  If you fail to qualify for the Alliance, I am afraid you may lose all access to your teaching privileges.”
The Lady wished to laugh but her visitor was far too serious and might take offense.  She said as calmly as she could, “you come to inform me that we are denied our ancient duties unless we relinquish those things which make us who we are?  Such has been our duty from antiquity and shall be until time ceases.  Are we truly to deny who and what we are just because it offends a small group of people who think themselves above us?”  
Luis smiled placatingly, “you should be honored that I am even here to offer you warning of things to come.  I knew your reaction would be exactly this and told the others it was a waste of my time and yours.  You are right in saying that it has been your duty from antiquity: the Brethren are antiques, archaic, quaint, and obsolete.  You are a remnant of a dying era.  The future is to be found within the mind of man, not in some almighty quadruped.  The masses must be educated and they need no superstitions involved in their learning.  Since the dawn of time, man has been enslaved to myths, but no more!  We are witnessing the birth of the Age of Reason and no one can stop its dawning.  Your only choice is to change with the times or become a forgotten remnant of the past.  You have been warned.  You may seek admittance to our Alliance whenever you wish but remember the stipulations: you must abandon all nonsense of the Master and the Truth in your educational efforts.  A time will come when a teacher will not be respected unless approved by the Alliance.  The choice is yours, though I do not know why I even bother.  Good day.”  He bowed and abruptly left her presence.  
She stared in wonder at the closed door.  The nerve of the man!  However, she did have to respect his tenacity.  She sighed and then summoned one of the servants to call the Council of Six together.  They had much to discuss.  The Council was quickly assembled and she told them of her encounters with Luis.  All shared a look of astonishment that then turned quickly to amusement.  Perhaps in time, the man’s dire warnings would come to pass, but the fledgling Alliance had yet to prove itself in the eyes of the nations while the Brethren had millennia of proof.  The University was thought a joke by most and the Academy and the College of Salita had not yet had time to establish any reputation at all.  At least in the near future they had little to worry about, but this could grow into something ugly and the Brethren must be prepared.  
The Lady said, “we have been focusing our efforts on producing more Teachers who will stay in a particular area and teach the locals indefinitely rather than those that wander about, apparently at random, and spend only a few days in one location.  How go our efforts?”  
One of the Teachers on the Council said, “we have seen a surprising number of new recruits with just such aims, especially from Tithbia and Kalmar.  It will of course take several years before these students are ready to go about on their own, but the numbers look promising.  We have also sent a number of Teachers out on such assignments already.  Kalmar and Tithbia have specifically requested assistance.  We shall assign new Teachers as they become available.”  
The Lady nodded, “excellent, continue to keep me informed.  Have we met any resistance in the field?”  
The Teacher shook her head, “most have found an eager reception.  The world and all its people seem primed for learning and we shall be there to serve them as ever we have.”  
The Lady smiled, “very good.  We shall continue as planned.  I need not ask if any of you think we should agree to the terms of the Alliance.”  They shared smiles all around.  She continued, “I shall also inform all of our agents assigned as Advisors to the various rulers to keep abreast of this matter.  The Council is dismissed.”

Luis rode away from Astoria well pleased, for the Lady had acted exactly as he thought she would.  He was glad to have this fool’s errand finished and to be on his way to more important endeavors.  He had hoped that she might see reason, but that was one thing the Brethren seemed adamantly opposed to, at least wherein their silly beliefs were concerned.  Could they not see how their faith blinded them?  He was not at all happy to have glimpsed not only one but several of his former colleagues from the Freethinkers running about in the uniform of an apprentice of the Brethren.  They had tried to speak with him but he blatantly ignored their attempts at conversation.  They were lost to rationality and there was little hope they would ever turn from the folly they had chosen freely.  They had walked away looking grieved of all things!  What could they possibly be so upset about?  Perhaps they worried for the supposed state of his soul, as if any such thing actually existed.  Man was born, lived, and died like any other animal.  That was all there was to his existence.  This nonsense about eternity was just that.  He pushed his horse into a trot and soon left the fools far behind with their little shield of faith against the harshness of life.  
He rode on and finally came to Dara, the capital of Syre.  He was to visit with the rulers of various nations to gain their cooperation with the Alliance in educating their people.  Others would ride to the Southern Kingdoms and the North Countries.  He applied to the King, and after several days of waiting, was granted a brief audience.  He made his statement and the King replied, “the University is a disgrace to this country, we know nothing of this so-called Academy and even less of the College.  We will leave things as they are until these educational institutions can prove the match of the Brethren and this Alliance of yours proves itself a proper judge of talent.  Right now all I hear is jealousy and arrogance.  Come back in a century after things have had time to work themselves out and then we shall see.”  
Such was his reception in Arca, Panmycea, and Vespera.  His credentials were not respected by anyone and everywhere the Brethren seemed to be, if not respected, at least tolerated.  Why could the fools not see?  They were blinded by superstition!  Such blindness begins in the cradle and can haunt one through all of life, but the only way to stop it was to educate the masses, especially the children in that which was right and true.  Yet he was being impeded in this noble quest by those who had themselves been corrupted from infancy.  They must somehow break the cycle and begin anew if the Age of Reason were not to die aborning.  He rode dejectedly back to Dara to resume his chairmanship of the University.  
Great progress had been made in improving the institution in the six months since the arrival of the Freethinkers.  They hoped for even greater progress as its reputation changed, when it once again could attract learned men and eager students.  They had weeded out all those claiming a professorship without true knowledge and were actually teaching some things of use, though much was still more theoretical than practical.  Perhaps in time it would bear fruit, but at least it was interesting.  He returned to Dara late one night feeling more dejected than glad to be home with the dreadful news he had to report.  He was the last to return from his errand and a meeting was called on the morrow for all to make their reports.
He donned his institutional best and arrived early, hoping for glad tidings from other quarters.  He was vastly disappointed, for the others had had a similar reception to his own.  They were at an impasse, what were they to do?  Some suggested they continue training their Scholars and then send them to places the Brethren were not yet established that the rulers see the results for themselves.  That might take centuries at the current rate and who knew how powerful an effect the Brethren could have in that time with a concerted effort as now seemed their goal?  They had a few teachers ready to go, but a random teacher alone in the wilderness could do little.  They needed several in one area and only when the positive ramifications were seen, would more countries finally invite them thither.  But as long as the Brethren remained on the scene it seemed their efforts would avail little.  They concluded the meeting with no great plans for the future but simply a dogged determination to press onwards no matter the odds.  Luis returned to his quarters and found a sealed note that had been slipped under the door.  He did not recognize the strange serpent stamped on black wax but curiously opened the letter and read it.  
A person unknown requested his presence at a shady inn this very night in hopes of a conversation of mutual advantage.  For a moment a faint hope roused in his heart but he stamped it down in expectation of more disappointment.  What could a random stranger have to offer him?  He donned his cloak once more and made his way towards the disreputable inn.  He found the man waiting for him as promised.  He seemed to recognize Luis on sight and beckoned him over.  Something about the man reminded him of Durme which was both a hopeful and disturbing sign.  
The man did not give his name nor ask Luis his.  He simply said, “we are both agents of change and rationality.  I have great hopes that we can be mutually beneficial to one another.  You have the means to disseminate knowledge to those who prefer to wallow in their superstitions.  I have the means to open wide the world for your Scholars.”  
“What are you implying?” asked Luis skeptically.  
The man smiled coldly, “we both have a mutual enemy in the Brethren.  I have people willing to remove them if you wish.  All you must do is tell me in which area you wish to place a teacher.  We shall dispose of any of the Brethren within the vicinity and the area shall be yours.”  
Luis raised his eyebrows in surprise, “why not simply send a teacher to an unoccupied territory?”  
The man smiled, “first, it neatly removes your competition and second, it is efficient, in that it eliminates all the work involved in establishing your scholars: the Brethren will have found places to meet, established a schedule and a group of pupils, and will have also given the students a taste for learning.  They will be much grieved to discover that their beloved tutor has surreptitiously vanished in the night and abandoned them in the middle of their educations.  You will happen upon them in their hour of need and they will gladly take your Scholars in place of their former instructors.  All is well for everyone involved save the poor fool who stood in our way, but then they claim happier climes exist beyond the grave so perhaps they are better off in their own minds as well.”  
It was a terrible but intriguing offer and one Luis had never considered.  He had never thought to incite violence in the name of progress, but perhaps it was the only way.  It certainly seemed to grant his every desire and tie it all together in a neat little package.  He said, “and what do you and yours get out of this?”  
The villainous man grinned, “we get to remove the influence of our hated nemesis and the happy knowledge that truth is finally being spread, untainted by myth.  We are men of reason, just like yourselves, and this change will benefit us all.”
Luis said, “I had not considered murder to gain my ends.”  
The man shrugged, “just consider it removing an inconvenience.  Let us deal with the moral repercussions.  You need only focus on your educational aspirations.  Where would you like to start and what is your timetable?”  
Luis smiled, this was something he could agree to, and after all, it was not as if he was the one doing the fell deed; he was just making the best of a tragic situation.  He said, “it will be at least a year before the majority of our Scholars will be ready for such duty but I have half a dozen who would suffice at the moment.  I would like to focus our initial attention on the Eastern Realms if we could, and once we have attained success here, we may then move on to other places.  I would like to concentrate my teachers in one area so that the net effect may be seen rather than spreading them too thin.  Is there a concentration of the Brethren in the East that meets our needs?”  
The man nodded eagerly, “actually there are several in Eastern Syre that meet your needs perfectly.  We shall see to their removal and then you may fill the dire vacancies in the hour of need.  This will be a very agreeable and profitable partnership I think.”  
Luis nodded, “it shall be as you say.  I will not inform any of my associates as to the more sinister aspects of this relationship but I am sure they will be more than willing to take advantage of the Brethren’s sudden misfortune.  How shall I contact you?”  
The man smiled villainously, “I shall be contacting you.”  
Luis shrugged, “it will be as it must.”  The man smiled again as they sealed the bargain and parted for the evening.  Luis slept well that night, untroubled by what tragedy might result from his decision.  After all, that was to be blamed upon others, was it not?


Chapter 2

A year after events in Kalmar, the Lady summoned her most capable agents to stand before her.  Half a dozen of her Messengers gathered before her and made their bows, curious as to what dire situation prompted such a gathering of their Sect.  The Lady began, “six months ago I was approached by a member of the Alliance for the Dissemination of Knowledge, which seems to be a conglomeration between the Freethinkers, the Academy, and the University.  They wanted to gain our allegiance to their rules and said we would not be allowed to teach others without their consent.  They would deny us our ancient duty unless we denied the Truth and the Master.  Of course I refused them and have not heard from then since.  In that time, five of our Teachers in Syre have disappeared or are known to be dead.  And each time a Scholar swearing allegiance to the Alliance has miraculously appeared in the affected district within a few days to several weeks following the event.  They take up where our slain comrades left off and never look back.  
I fear there is some dark plot at work in the East and eventually it will spread to other lands.  I do not know if the Alliance has the talent or will to gain what they wish through murderous means, but I fear they have allied themselves with someone who does.  I do not doubt the Brotherhood is behind this plot.  Your job shall be to ride East, split up, and see if you can learn more of this plot against us.  Some of you shall investigate the educational institutions and the Alliance.  The rest shall be assigned to some of our surviving Teachers to see if you can apprehend one of the villains behind the plot.  I have already assigned a Warrior to accompany each of our Teachers in the affected areas but I have yet to learn if this will deter further attempts or just make their job more difficult.  Have you any questions?”  They shook their heads and she said, “good, then may the Master ride with you.”  They made their bows and left to prepare for the journey east.
Turin and Kard would investigate the Alliance and the schools while the rest were assigned a particular Teacher to shadow in hopes of catching one of the villains responsible and thereby hoping to gain insight into the whole situation.  Colin and Geff would be working with a Teacher called Gennie.  She would in effect be acting as bait for these would-be assassins.  Geff did not envy her her position and wondered if it required greater courage to be a Teacher than he had once thought.  The six rode east together the following morning, each turning off as they neared their assigned areas.  Colin and Geff rode towards a small cluster of villages on the very coast of Syre where Gennie taught all who would listen.  Colin thought it nearly time for Geff to be done with his apprenticeship and out on missions of his own, but he enjoyed the young man’s company and surprisingly found great joy in teaching.  Geff was eager, but also nervous about starting out on his own and was grateful for at least one more mission under another’s guidance.  
They reached one of the villages in question and took a room at the inn.  A few questions quickly revealed where Gennie would be and on which particular day, happily she would be in the next village over on the following morning.  Their plan was to introduce themselves and make known their mission to Gennie and her guard and then stay quietly in the background, waiting for something to happen.  They arose the next morning and went in search of the nearby village.  They found it easily and took seats in the very crowded common room where she would be holding her lessons.  It seemed everyone was eager to learn, regardless of age.  
The locals took note of the strangers, but there were enough traders that passed through so as not to occasion comment.  Gennie soon noticed her comrades amongst the audience, but would not make time to speak with them privately until after her daily lessons were finished and all questions had been attended to.  Colin did not notice her guard about.  So far none of the missing Brethren had disappeared while in company with others so it was assumed that the villain would not strike during a public lesson.  If the Brethren disappeared quietly it could be noised about that they had simply grown tired of their duties and moved on.  A public murder would cause far too much scandal to be of much use so the killers would have to wait for a more private moment.
Gennie went on for much of the day and stopped only briefly for lunch.  In the early afternoon she finished and allowed her listeners to ask whatever questions they wished.  Another few hours passed in this way until finally all withdrew to seek their evening meals and she was able to meet with her comrades.
“What brings you to my remote corner of the world?” asked she of Colin and Geff, “Is not one guard enough?  I cannot abide three!  Please tell the Lady that I can yet use my sword.  One guard occasions enough comment.  What will three of you do?”  
Colin laughed, “fear not lady.  We have been sent to find the perpetrators, not to keep you out of danger.  In fact we almost hope that you encounter a little danger so that we might catch whoever is responsible for these vile deeds.  We merely wish to alert you to our presence and our errand.  We shall trouble you no longer after this brief meeting.  We should also alert your guard to our presence lest we find ourselves inadvertently crossing swords on a dark night.”  
Gennie smiled in thanks and said, “Dorn should be here soon.  He sleeps most of the day and watches all night.  I am greatly restricted in what I am allowed to do alone.”  As if summoned, a very large man who seemed all muscle, approached their table.  He smiled when he recognized the two strange men confronting his charge.  
He said, “I hope the Lady has not found me lax in my duties and sent reinforcements.”  All laughed and Colin explained their mission.  Dorn shook his head grimly, “I suppose we must offer the villains a few more chances to strike, at least to aid your quest, but I hate jeopardizing the lady.”  
Gennie looked a little miffed, “remember I also have some say in this matter and that is precisely what must be done lest we wait forever for nothing to happen.  I am no infant in the nursery and you are certainly not my nurse, though I greatly appreciate the pains you have all taken on my behalf.”  
Dorn smiled as if this were an old argument and said, “as you wish my lady, so shall it be.”  She smiled fondly at the man and then retired to her room.  Dorn disappeared into the darkness outside to guard her window.  Geff remained alone in the common room while Colin found a place to hide himself outside in full view of the window and Dorn.  Nothing happened that night or in the ensuing days.  When she moved on of a morning, Colin rode ahead and Geff lagged behind; they watched sharply but saw nothing even remotely interesting.
Early one morning, Colin caught a glimpse of one of the inn patrons and his blood ran cold.  He recognized the man as Griffin, one of his former colleagues from the Brotherhood, and worse yet, the man was one of those he had tried to talk out of his allegiance to the darkness.  The man had not yet seen Colin, so he quickly concealed himself from casual sight.  
Geff emerged from their room and found Colin in hiding.  Geff laughed, “what are you about this morning?”  
Colin motioned for silence and nodded towards the man as he made for the door.  Once he was out of the inn, Colin said, “that will probably be our target.  He is one of my former colleagues.”  
Geff narrowed his eyes, “are you sure?  I felt no evil pall about him.”  
Colin nodded, “I am sure, but you are right.  This shall be interesting.  I shall ride ahead and track the man.  You follow closely in case I find myself in trouble.”  
Geff smiled, “that is your preferred situation in life is it not?”  Colin smiled, recalling the various scrapes they had survived together over the last year.  He would miss the boy.  
He gathered his things and headed for the stable, leaving Geff to settle the bill.  A careful investigation revealed no one but the stable boy busy mucking a stall.  Colin saddled Taragon and asked if the great creature had seen the man in question and whether he could quietly follow the man’s mount.  He seemed willing and able to comply and they were quickly off.  Geff followed, after telling Gennie and Dorn of the situation.  Gennie looked eager of all things!  The Teacher and her escort set off and Geff followed not far behind, asking his mount to keep a close watch on Taragon should Colin leave the road. 
About halfway to the next village, Griffin pulled his mount off the road and hid himself in the surrounding woods, waiting for his prey.  Taragon followed silently as only a unicorn could.  Colin slid silently from the stallion’s back and crouched not far from the man waiting with an arrow nocked and ready.  As Gennie and Dorn rode into view, Griffin drew back and prepared to strike.  Colin leapt from his hiding place, sword in hand.  The man jumped with surprise and relaxed his grip on the bowstring as he felt Colin’s sword at his throat.  Griffin jumped again when he recognized his attacker.  
Before anything could be said by either party, Colin felt a sword at his own throat and someone growled, “drop your weapon.”  
Before anything else could happen, Griffin’s mysterious ally found similar treatment from Geff who said, “drop yours too.”  
There they stood, four men in a line holding one another at sword point.  It was almost laughable but none save Griffin found it amusing.  Finally he controlled his mirth and said to Colin, “I shall call off my apprentice if you call off yours.  We can cross blades later but you are men of honor and I think you would wish to chat first.”  
Colin nodded, “if he drops his blade we shall drop ours.”  
Griffin said, “drop your blade Benn.”  
The boy angrily said, “but how do we know they shall comply?  Why not kill them while we may?  Our quarry evades us.”  
Griffin shook his head, “you must learn to obey if you are to survive long in the Brotherhood.  One thing you must learn about the Brethren is that they are bound by their word, cannot overtly lie, and will not attack unless lives are at stake or a known criminal tries to flee.  Besides, our quarry will wait.  We know her habits and will deal with her another day.  I am very curious about something and wish to know more of happenings in Panmycea.  It was thought that this man died there.  I would know what happened, just for curiosity’s sake, since it is well known that you and your kind cannot lie knowingly.  Benn!”  The boy looked angry but withdrew his blade.  The two Brethren did likewise.  
“Good,” laughed Griffin, “now let us return to the inn and find a quiet place to chat ere we decide upon a resolution to this little disagreement.”  
Benn gaped, “why do you treat this man as an old friend?”  
Griffin smiled, “because he was once one of us and in that vein we are old friends, or at least former colleagues.  Though you are right, that usually I would not fraternize so with a sworn enemy.  His whole story intrigues me, especially the rumor that he was dead.  I must hear it ere we kill him else I shall be forever curious.  Shall we ride together?”  
Colin nodded and each man found his mount.  Geff was very curious but had finally learned to hold his tongue and mind his facial expressions; the other boy was furious but said nothing.  Colin was also very curious but held his peace.  Griffin seemed almost anxious for conversation.  They rode back to the inn, Benn was sent off to watch for anything dangerous and Geff was sent on to the next village to inform Gennie and Dorn as to their current predicament.  Colin and Griffin cloistered themselves in a small, private room.  
Once they were alone, Griffin sighed and said, “thank you for interrupting me!  You have no idea how dreadful it is to be in my current occupation and to be bothered by your conscience.  It is not something I really had to worry about until your little chat with me a year ago.  I have been unable to banish your words completely and every moment they gnaw at my heart like ravenous mice.  Somewhere along the way, over a decade of indifference to my conscience has disappeared and I find myself questioning every assignment.  I cannot shoot a woman in the back without a good reason!  I would have utterly failed at my quest and the boy would have slain me as a traitor or an incompetent.  I would have left the Brotherhood quietly a few months ago had I not been saddled with such a ruthless apprentice.  I think he begins to suspect me; I do not know where to turn or what to do.  I almost consider joining up with your friends but have not the courage.  The boy will kill us all if he suspects anything, most especially if you both walk away from this encounter.  What am I to do?” 
Colin smiled, “I know exactly how you feel.  I once begged for death to spare me the maelstrom of emotions that raged through my head when I forsook my vows to the darkness.  I was wondering why I could not feel the miasma of evil that usually hangs about the members of the Brotherhood when I saw you here earlier.  I had hoped for, but could not be sure of the reason.  I shall help you by whatever means I can.  Can you help us put an end to this plot against our agents in the field and help us uncover the link between the Brotherhood and the Alliance?”  
Griffin smiled grimly, “if you get me safely away from the boy and our former colleagues, I will help you with whatever you wish as far as I am able.  I have left the losing side but have not yet found a home.  I know the Evil One exists and have no trouble believing in the Master.  He has taken you and others in from our side, so I do not doubt He will also take me, but one thing still troubles me.  What happened in Panmycea?  Our agents were sure you were dead.  How did you survive and why did your comrades simply abandon you to your fate?  I must know before I can join you with a good conscience.”  
Colin nodded, “fair questions all.  On my visit to Panmycea previous to that fateful day I was still a part of the Brotherhood and charged with keeping the Citadel out of enemy hands.  I abandoned my post and fled with a hostage.  It is a long story, but shortly after my flight, I was declared a traitor and a warrant was made for my arrest by those who took the city.  You have heard the tale my doings in Astoria and how things were settled there.  I was ordered back to Panmycea to deal with a threat to the General’s forces, but was unaware of the warrant that yet remained for my capture.  I was justly captured for crimes of which I was guilty.  My comrades could do nothing but let me stand trial; they could not nor would I let them intervene.  
I was sentenced to a day in the stocks and then to death.  During my time in the stocks, everything grew suddenly hazy and then I blacked out.  I awoke in the Master’s bright country talking to a man I slew and saw others bury!  Then the Master Himself appeared, which is a terrifying experience to any mortal, especially to one of my background.  He sent me back to my body shortly thereafter.  My soul was absent long enough that all thought me dead, which to all appearances I was.  It was useless to execute a corpse and enough had seen my lifeless body that word soon spread of my early demise.  The price of justice was met and my colleagues were allowed to smuggle me out of the city for burial, as it were.”
Griffin gaped at him, “I would not believe such a tale if I did not know that your kind cannot make up such a fallacy!  Is this a common occurrence with your folk?” 
Colin shook his head, “it happened only on one other occasion that I know of.  The Master still had a purpose for me here, thus He spared my life in the only way possible.  Too often death is the price we pay for our dedication to the Master and only rarely do miracles like this occur and then only according to the Master’s plans.  There is certainly no guarantee.  It is a dangerous life but I would not change a thing about it.  Now what can I do to help you out of this bind and how can you help us end the slaughter of our Teachers?”  
Griffin smiled eagerly, “all we need do is capture my apprentice and either kill him or take him prisoner.  He is a valiant fighter but no match for three of us, if your apprentice will cooperate.  After he is out of the way, I have an idea that may shed some light on your predicament.  I would rather capture the boy than kill him but he may force our hand.”  Colin nodded in agreement and they came up with a sketchy plan to apprehend the boy alive.  Griffin smiled, “he is not yet so deeply enmeshed in our evils that he can end his life at will.”  
Colin smiled, “that is good to know.  Perhaps he is not as hardened as he pretends to be, but we will be cautious nonetheless.  I would like to give him another chance in Astoria.”  
Griffin nodded, “I would appreciate that.”  They left their little room with Griffin holding Colin at sword point.  It was a great risk but Colin felt it worth taking.  The boy met them outside the inn and smiled coldly at his master and their prisoner.  
The boy said, “shall we be done with him now?”  
Griffin said, “no, we may be able to use him for leverage with the others.  Our goal is still the woman.  Bind his hands.”  
The boy dug around in his saddlebags, found a length of cord, and went behind Colin, who obligingly held his hands behind his back.  As the boy was busy with the rope, Griffin came up behind him and cuffed him across the back of the head with the hilt of his sword.  The boy dropped like a stone.

They bound his hands behind his back and disarmed him.  He awoke shortly and found himself a prisoner.  Fury at Griffin’s betrayal burned in his eyes.  “Why?” asked the boy.  
Griffin said sadly, “I have come to realize that the side I previously thought would make all of my dreams come true had lost long ago to a much greater Power and gave me nothing back for my service but emptiness and a longing for something more.  This man tracked me down a year ago, and after hearing his story, I have not been the same.  I can feel again and am no longer ruled by my baser emotions.  I hope one day you can find the same freedom.”  
The boy snarled at his former master but said nothing.  They helped him onto his horse and took the reins, leading the creature to the next village.  The other three Brethren gaped at the story and quickly agreed to help.  Griffin said, “lady, if you will quietly disappear for a time, I can send word that my mission has been completed, then I will have a chance to meet with my superior, who knows far more about this plot than I.  I think that Colin should accompany me to the meeting and seek readmittance to the Brotherhood after the seeming betrayal of the Brethren in Panmycea.  They would be quite eager to have him back.  It is dangerous, but I think it our best chance of ending this plot.  Only my superiors can connect this plot to the Alliance and only they can contact all of our agents in the field and put an end to it.”  
Colin said, “how am I to be taken back into the Brotherhood with my inability to lie?”  
Griffin smiled, “you are only at risk if they ask directly if you are one of the Brethren and will not settle for anything less than a solid yes or no.  You may not be able to lie, but I know you can tell the absolute truth and let others assume the wrong meaning thus protecting your identity.”  
Colin smiled, “I am glad I never confronted you as an enemy!”  They laughed and it helped to break the tension.  Colin continued, “I will do as you say.  The others can take the boy back to Astoria and you can ride thither whenever you are ready.  I will face whatever adventure awaits me.”
There was some argument from the others but finally they agreed that Gennie and Dorn must be thought dead and Geff could be of no use to Colin save as a liability if the Brotherhood caught him.  Griffin would help as far as he could, but he thought he would be assigned another of the Brethren to murder.  If so, Griffin would ride to Astoria after Colin was sent off with Griffin’s superior.  Griffin would also say that the boy had been found harboring ideas about joining the Brethren and had been dealt with accordingly.  Thus, even if Benn did escape Astoria alive, he would have a very hard time rejoining the Brotherhood.  They gave the three Brethren and their unwilling guest several days to ride back to Astoria and then Griffin sent word to his superiors that the deed had been done.  He also informed them of Colin’s apparent change of heart.  
They were to meet with Griffin’s superior in two days, though Colin was not looking forward to again confronting someone high within the circles of the Brotherhood as once he had been.  They met at the appointed inn that night and waited for the man to appear.  It was obvious who he was the moment he walked through the door.  People pulled away from him in fear and Colin felt evil roll off of him in waves.  Colin recognized him as a man formerly of some importance, but it seemed he was even more significant in these latter days.  
He smiled broadly as he took in the two men.  He bought a round of ale and took a seat, as he said, “I see you have both accomplished your goal and also found a lost sheep, Griffin.  Well done, our masters shall be pleased.  But where is your apprentice?”  
Griffin looked grim, “he felt the need to whisper in secret that he longed for greater purpose and thought to find it among the Brethren.  He has been dealt with.”  
The man did not looked pleased and said, “they have an unfortunate way of corrupting our most promising agents.  We shall deal with them presently.  But you tell me that this one wishes to forsake those amongst whom he sought refuge once he had repudiated his true masters?  I will know more.  It would do wonders for our morale to know that we have one that went over to our enemy only to come slinking back because he found things greatly to his disliking.  Of late we have too many that seem to harbor such dangerous thoughts.  It would be good to have an example to show them of what the Brethren are truly like.  I had also thought him dead.”  
Griffin smiled, “I thought him dead as well but he helped me settle matters with his two former colleagues and then told me his story.  It seems he was arrested for various crimes in Panmycea, tried, and set to be executed.  Those he thought were his friends stood by and were willing to let him die.  He managed to escape, and to prevent embarrassment, it was rumored about that he had died before his execution.  The Brethren have shown their true colors and he regrets his rash actions, hoping to once again be accepted by those who offer true power and meaning.”  
The stranger looked at Colin and asked, “will you again swear yourself to the Brotherhood?  I assume by Griffin’s words that you no longer abide by that foul little Oath, otherwise you could not act against your fellows.  Are you willing once more to submit yourself body and soul to your true masters?”  
Colin smiled grimly, “I am already sworn to those I wish to serve.  I need only know that I am again accepted among you.”  
The man smiled and asked of Griffin, “is this true?”  
Griffin nodded, “I know he has sworn himself to the true power in the world.  He has learned his lesson and is ready to tell you whatever you wish to know about his former comrades and to assist in our plans, should you have a use for him.”  
The man smiled broadly, “I am very happy with these tidings.  Our masters will be extremely pleased.  This man’s story will inspire many a dark heart to stay faithful and will do even more damage to the reputation of the Brethren.  There is much I would know of their plans and their inner workings.  There is much work to be done, especially in these days when our numbers are so few.  One of our greatest agents has returned to us in our day of dire need!  Welcome home my son.  Usually you would face a terrible death for your treachery but your story is unique and your skills will be needed in the coming days so you have been granted this one small leniency.”  His smile became maliciousness itself, “but only this once, fail again and the consequences will be far from pleasant.”


Chapter 3

Their talk turned to trivialities before moving on to their current plans.  It seemed the Alliance was yet short on teachers to send out and thus the slaughter of the Brethren would cease for a time.  The Alliance would be informed that there was a new district open and the vacancy would be filled, but they would not plan any new murders until the Alliance was ready.  The stranger was vastly amused in that it would waste the Brethren’s precious time and resources as they protected those not truly in danger and by the time their watchfulness waned the Brotherhood would be ready to strike again.  Griffin was told to ride to Dara and there assimilate himself into the University to help further the decline of that institution into something truly useful to the Brotherhood.  There were yet Brethren at the Academy and they would recognize one of the Brotherhood; they must be dealt with, though the day could not be far off when the Alliance would demand that the High Chancellor of the Academy get rid of such backwards professors or risk losing his standing within the organization.  That would be a delightful day indeed.  
Colin would ride with the unnamed stranger on the morrow for an equally unnamed place.  Griffin rode off that night; the other two took rooms at the inn and slept until morning.  Little was said on the journey until they stopped that night at another inn.  The stranger said little of interest to Colin but talked long about his aspirations for the Brotherhood and his own advancement within it.  
He said, “one nice thing about there being so few of us at present is that gaining rank and power is much easier as there is less competition.”  Colin nodded his agreement.  The stranger smiled, “I know the transition must not be easy, but you have come home and need not fear the future.  You should look forward to what the year shall bring as our plans are great.  You shall see for yourself once we reach our destination, how great our aspirations truly are.  I doubt any shall stand against us, save the Master himself, and he is not known for doing such things.  No one shall hinder us this time.”  Colin wondered of what the man could be speaking and hoped they did not have another dragon willing to aid them in their sinister plots.
They meandered along for many days, often stopping at inns or shops far off the direct route to their final destination, as the nameless man had many subordinates to speak with and messages to collect or leave along the way.  One evening they rode towards a forsaken fortress on the verge of the sea, a place all too familiar to Colin and many of the other Brethren; for such a dilapidated structure, it seemed to host more than its fair share of schemes and plots.   He wondered what awaited him on this visit.  The gate guards recognized their leader and saluted as he passed.  They eyed Colin suspiciously but their leader nodded and they let him through.  In the courtyard stood four of the vile lurkers that the Brotherhood used as their main form of transportation.  One stood as if in a trance while the other three looked upon the new arrivals with cunning and rage burning deep in their eyes.  These were no dumb beasts, as the lurkers were known to be, rather intelligence was as keen in their eyes and faces as ever it was in a unicorn’s.  
Their gaze fell upon Colin and fury burned red hot in their eyes and voices.  Colin felt almost as much evil and terror around the creatures as he felt glory and awe in the presence of the Master.  Something was dreadfully wrong!  The greatest of the monsters spoke, turning Colin’s blood to ice, “what foul traitor have you brought among us, fool?  He reeks of goodness and the Master!  His beast is no horse but one of those vile creatures that dare impersonate our greatest enemy.  You have brought one of the cursed Brethren into our midst.  Your life is forfeit!”  
These were no mere beasts!  There was some awful witchery at work in this place and the Lady must know.  The creatures could tell what he was from fifty feet away; his life was forfeit unless he fled immediately.  While his companion was trying to explain things to the raging beasts, Colin turned Taragon and sped for the gate.  The gates slammed shut before them with an ominous clang, trapping them within the ruined walls.  He could hear the monsters raging that he be caught or killed, and the whimpering explanations of the man who had brought him hence.  Then he heard nothing but the awful snap of many bowstrings; not even a unicorn could outrun an arrow.  Taragon was pierced by a dozen shafts and fell hard, throwing Colin from the saddle.  The great creature groaned once and faded into mist.  Colin himself had fared little better and knew several arrows had pierced him.  He seemed unable to concentrate on anything but he tried feebly reaching for his sword, though his hand did not want to cooperate.  Each breath was an agony and even in his addled mind he knew that he was dying.
Booted feet came running and a man knelt over Colin’s prone form, sword raised for the killing stroke.  “Wait,” snarled the greatest of the monsters, “life lingers still.  Perhaps we can find some use for his wretched life.  Put him on the table.”  The guards were too terrified of the beasts to ask foolish questions; they quickly lifted the stricken man and carried him to a crude table not far from the hypnotized lurker.  The greatest beast looked towards a man robed all in black and said, “you had best begin the rites quickly.  His life is failing fast and he is of no use to us dead.”  
The man asked in a confused voice, “I thought this only worked with innocent blood?  He is no child.”  
The monster grinned most unpleasantly, “that is the only redeeming virtue of his otherwise useless dedication to the Master.  The Master counts such fools innocent before him because he thinks them justified by his blood.  It makes them quite suitable candidates for our purposes.  Begin.”  
The robed man began a terrible chanting in some fell language and an evil fog, felt though not seen, seemed to gather around Colin and the somnolent monster.  The air began to throb with a voice of evil beyond the reach of mortal ears.  The robed man raised a terrible knife as the evil vibrations reached their crescendo and he thrust the blade into Colin’s heart.  It seared like hot iron, and had he the strength, Colin would have screamed but all he could do was gape like a fish.  As the knife struck, a horrible cunning dawned in the eyes of the once entranced lurker and found its full strength even as the life faded from Colin’s own.  The last thing he heard was the great monster saying, “bring the next victim.”  Then all was darkness.

Colin came to himself sitting in a grassy meadow under a waxing moon that hung heavy in the sky, drowning out the more timid stars.  Taragon stood at his shoulder and nuzzled him affectionately.  Colin put a hand to his head, wondering where he was and began to say in a dazed voice, “I had the strangest dream…”  
He trailed off as he finally noticed the great hulking fortress that dominated the horizon.  He could see men patrolling the walls, and in the brilliance of the moon they could not fail to see the pair squatting upon their lawn, but no alarm was raised.  It had certainly not been a dream and he shuddered to remember what had just come to pass.  But why did he linger among the living when he was most certainly dead?  Was he trapped in some sort of living death, caught between one world and another as countless old tales told?  He glanced again at the guards upon the walls and unconsciously reached for his sword.  
Then a familiar voice spoke, “you need not fear those yet trapped within the bounds of time, but then they also need not fear you.  Those who yet exist within time cannot sense, hear, or feel those beyond time unless the Master bids it so.”  
Colin turned his head and saw Tristan, Raine, and Trap sitting their mounts not far from where he sat.  Tristan’s was the voice that had spoken.  Colin asked, “what is happening?  I did not think this is what it was like after death.  Have I done something wrong?”  
Tristan smiled, “no, we have a mission.”  
Colin shook his head, “I thought once you passed out of this life that you had no more business in the waking world?”  
Tristan’s smile deepened, “that is usually the case but this is a great exception.  Mortals are dealing in powers that they have no right dabbling in.  They are unleashing evils greater than they know.  They are summoning lesser demons through foul rites to inhabit the bodies of their vile monsters.  The demons themselves should not touch this world until the last day when time ceases and the final battle takes place, but the Enemy has allowed his minions to summon them before their time.  A unicorn would be torn to shreds in an instant and a horse would die of fright from their mere presence.  These unholy hybrids cannot be destroyed by any mortal power.  If a man lopped off its head, it would simply grow a new one.  We are here to send the fiendish things back to the lightless pit from whence they sprang, and there they shall await their proper time to be loosed upon the earth.  The Enemy has allowed his servants to dabble in things they should not and only the Master’s power can drive it back.  But the Master will not interfere Himself in human affairs; He has sent us in His stead.”
Colin said, “I thought you said we could not touch those things that yet exist in time?”  
Tristan nodded, “the bodies they inhabit are mortal but the demons themselves are not.  We can drive them from the lands of the living until they are meant to be loosed.”  
“How are we to breach the walls?” asked Colin.  
Tristan smiled broadly, “just follow my lead.  The walls exist in time as well.  They will not hinder us.”  
Colin mounted and fell in beside Raine, following Tristan and Trap as they rode towards the fortress.  Colin smiled at his former apprentice, “I have missed you.”  
Raine smiled warmly, “I wish I could say the same, but one does not really miss anyone in the Master’s country.  Time does not exist there, at least not as we used to know it in mortal life.  Things just are.  It could have been yesterday or a thousand years since we parted.  But it is good to see you again.”  The boy smiled broadly as they rode companionably towards the gates.  
The gates stood shut with the guards at their posts but no one seemed to notice or care as the foursome rode straight past the guards and through the closed gates.  They passed through the solid gates as easily as sunshine through an open window.  Colin laughed at the ease of their entry.  Their reception within was quite another matter however.  
The creatures saw them immediately and screamed at the humans to do something about the intruders.  The greatest among them saw Colin and snarled, “how can this be?  We watched the fool die!”  
One of the guards pointed towards Colin’s body, off to one side of the courtyard; the creature stared at the corpse and then back at the man in disbelief.  The men of course could not see why the monsters were so upset nor could they do anything to rectify the situation.  
Tristan signaled them to halt as he rode ahead, towards a fifth beast that now stood in a trance off to one side.  Colin winced when he saw what lay upon the crudely made table whereon he had so recently met his own demise: the form of a little girl, breathing very slowly, so slowly at first he thought her dead.  Over her quiet form stood the man robed all in black with the same wicked knife.  He drove the dagger into the child’s heart; she quivered and lay still.  The man was chanting in the same arcane language as he drove the blade home; the creature in the trance began to awaken and intelligence dawned in its eyes.  Its fellows watched silently as Tristan rode boldly up to the man performing the vile rites.  He dismounted and walked sadly over to the table and made as if to pick up the child’s shattered body.  
Her pitiful form remained where it lay but Tristan held a little girl in his arms and she hugged him tightly and cried, “I had such terrible dreams.  Am I safe?”  
Tristan smiled gently and said, “the nightmares are over and the morning is come.  You need not fear.”  
She smiled at him and then saw Aria.  She squealed in delight and said, “a real unicorn!  Often have I dreamed of riding one.”  
Tristan smiled and let her climb into the saddle before him.  He turned to the others and said fiercely, “drive these fell beasts back into the Abyss!  The little one need not see this; she has suffered enough.  I shall meet you without.”  With that he rode straight through the wall, the little girl laughing for pure joy.
Colin’s stomach turned at the price paid by such innocents to fuel this foul magic; it was bad enough that he had had to endure it, but a child?  He drew his blade and charged the nearest monster.  The creatures roared in fury and rent with teeth and claws but could not touch their adversaries.  They were trapped within mortal bodies and thus confined within the walls of the fortress while this offered no difficulty for the three Brethren.  One well-placed slash with their swords rendered the creatures again mindless beasts.  They could banish the fiends, but could not injure the monsters themselves.  As one after the other succumbed to such injury, the monsters went wild with fright and confusion.  
Realizing the sudden madness among the monsters, most of the humans within the fortress fled to the walls but several did not reach safety in time.  Many were torn to shreds by the beasts, including the man who had performed the vile rites.  The creatures were soon brought down by arrows from the same bows that had felled Taragon.  Colin jumped as an arrow whisked through his chest, but it passed harmlessly through; he smiled in wonder and amusement.  The fiends driven back, the Brethren followed Tristan.  Colin glanced back once more at his own corpse lying forgotten along the far wall; it was strange indeed to think of himself as truly dead, but he looked eagerly forward to what was to come.  
Tristan sat his mount upon a hill about a bowshot from the walls.  The sun was just starting to rise.  As they joined him upon the hill a familiar sensation of awe and fear fell upon them, driving them from their saddles and onto their knees.  All save the little girl.  She shrieked in pure delight, slid from the saddle and ran with arms wide open towards the Master.  He smiled and put his great head to the ground that she might embrace it and kiss His ears.  She laughed in pure bliss.  He laughed with her and said, “welcome home, little one.”  
She laughed and hugged Him harder, “I knew You would come!”  He lowered Himself to the ground and she jumped upon His great back: the least of the children of men upon a Being more terrifying than the greatest horse of war.  He stood again and she laughed like Joy itself.
The Master approached the kneeling Colin and said, “I must send you back, My son.  There are things yet you must do.  One day you shall come to Me and not go back, but that day is not yet come.  There are fell deeds being worked within this place and the Lady must be warned.  Ride with all speed and warn My servants.  All within must be put to the sword, save the captives, if any yet live when you return.  This foul practice must cease.  Should half of the Brethren fall in the attempt, it must be end.  I am never far from those who truly seek Me; I shall ever ride with you.”  
Colin glanced up, the overwhelming awe of the Master had vanished, His glowing presence had been replaced by the rising sun.  His fallen comrades were gone and he knelt alone on the grassy knoll with Taragon at his side.  He felt an indescribable joy along with an eagerness to be off at once; energy unthinkable coursed through his being.  Someone on the walls must have noticed him standing there because a great cry of alarm was raised.  Colin was in the saddle faster than thought and they were off as swiftly as an arrow from the string.  The watchmen upon the walls looked towards where the man’s corpse had lain and could not find it.  They exchanged nervous glances as one said to another, “I think the Master has somehow cheated.  We had best prepare for battle.”  The others exchanged a look of dread but nodded, wondering how to explain their abject and inexplicable failure to their masters.

The Master must have imbued them with some grace of miraculous speed for they covered the entire distance between the forsaken ruin and Astoria in a day and a night with never a stop for rest or water.  The swiftest the course had ever been run had taken several days and that was pushing a unicorn to its limits.  They galloped through the city and into the courtyard of the castle so fast that nothing was seen of the pair but a rushed blur.  Taragon stopped abruptly, looking like a horse ridden to exhaustion; a unicorn was never seen in such a condition but so it was with the poor creature.  Colin himself was in no better shape, but he found the nearest servant and demanded to know where the Lady was.  
The servant tried to explain that she was busy at the moment and could not be interrupted, but something close to desperation or madness played across the stranger’s haggard face so he silently escorted the man to the room in which the Lady currently dwelt.  Before parting, he said, “her wrath be on your head.”  
Colin ignored him, swung wide the door, tried to go to one knee, and promptly collapsed.  The Brethren attending the Lady drew their swords at the sudden intrusion of the haggard figure.  They rushed to the man’s side and turning him over, discovered his identity and condition with great alarm.  Turin said, “it is Colin.  But he looks on the brink of death.”  
They gently lifted him into a chair as the Lady sent a servant running for a draught of weak wine.  He was pale as death.  Geff came running through the gaping doors but reddened when he saw that he might be interrupting something important.  Then he saw Colin.  
He blanched in concern for his friend and said, “why does Taragon stand in the courtyard looking no better than his master?  I have never heard of a unicorn looking like a blown horse!”  
The Lady shook her head gravely, “some great need has driven them hence but he collapsed before he was able to tell us what.”
Griffin had risen from his knees, where he had just taken his Oath, when the doors banged open.  He had only arrived that morning and the Lady was adamant that he take the Oath immediately if he was willing.  She would not trust one of his background until she knew she could; they had learned that with Nevis.  He approached the flurry of activity around the stricken man, wondering what had befallen him in the days since their parting.  The others certainly seemed concerned by his condition.  The servant returned with the wine and Colin was made to drink a little of it.  He coughed and sputtered on the liquid as it ran down his throat but it was enough to rouse him.  It took a moment for his mind to clear and to remember where he was and why.  He tried to stand but Turin forcefully held him down.  He had just returned after a useless investigation into doings at the University, the Academy, and within the Alliance.  They had flatly refused to admit him to the premises or even to speak with him.  
Colin tried to speak but could only mumble at first.  A few more sips gave him strength enough to deliver his message.  His eyes sought and found the Lady’s.  He nodded weakly in lieu of a bow and then began, “Lady you must rouse the Brethren and ride immediately for the ruined fortress on the coast of Syre.  The Master Himself bids all haste to end the dreadful things happening therein.”  
The Lady turned to Geff and said, “summon General Karly, I fear we need his help in this matter and Colin has not the strength to tell the tale twice.”  Geff bowed and was gone and back in a matter of moments.  The General was visiting the Lady personally on some matter of state and could hardly recognize the haggard man slumped in the chair.  Once the General arrived, Colin explained the whole thing and everyone gaped in disbelief.
Turin laughed grimly, “that explains his condition.  Tristan took one arrow and was easily fatigued for weeks afterwards.  He took half a dozen and then endured the mad ride to Astoria.  Are you sure of the time it took?”  Colin nodded weakly and Turin continued, “he truly rode with the wings of the Master.”  
The Lady nodded, “I can have fifty of the Brethren saddled in an hour and more by sunset but we have not the time to wait.  General do you ride with us?”  
Karly nodded, “I will have two hundred men in their saddles in that same hour.  How many hold this vile fortress?”  
Colin said, “I do not think there are more than fifty, though I did not get an exact count.”  
The Lady smiled grimly at the thought of an adventure and said, “we shall forever put an end to this terrible practice.”  
Turin shook his head, “Lady with all respect I do not think you should ride out on this expedition.  This is not a battle to end all we hold dear.  It is a siege and you will only be a target in this situation.  Your place is here leading your people.”  
She sighed, “you are right but sometimes I forget I cannot simply ride off whenever the urge strikes me.  Geff, raise the alarm and get everyone who is not a vital teacher in the saddle immediately.”  Geff bowed and disappeared.  Karly excused himself to rouse his own men who had ridden with him as an escort.  The Lady turned to Turin, “you shall lead this expedition in my stead.”  He bowed and she continued, “get Colin into bed and see that Taragon is attended to.  Neither is to stir without my permission.  Then see to getting yourself ready to ride.”  He took one of Colin’s arms, Griffin took the other, and together they literally carried him from the Lady’s presence.  He was asleep by the time they found an empty room in which to deposit him.  
Turin said to Griffin, “would you mind sitting with him until I can send a servant to take your place?  I doubt he will stir.”  
Griffin nodded, “certainly, especially since I doubt I will be allowed to ride to war with the rest of you.  Why is his condition so grave?”  
Turin said, “natural death is very hard on the body and that wild ride on top of it was probably enough to kill him save for the Master’s grace.  It will take him weeks to recover but he should be fine.”  Griffin nodded his thanks as Turin left the room.  He glanced down in wonder at the prone form on the bed, amazed at how much the mortal frame could endure.
Turin found Taragon still standing in the courtyard apparently asleep on his feet.  It took great effort to rouse him; he laboriously walked the short distance into the nearby door that opened onto a large, grassy lawn.  He took a few steps away from the door and promptly collapsed on the grass.  Turin told the servants to attend to him as they knew best and that he was not to stir from the meadow until the Lady herself gave him leave.  Taragon was too exhausted to care at the moment but eventually he would not be happy about such a restriction but he had as little choice in the matter as Colin.  Turin then went to prepare himself for the swift march ahead.  
The Lady found Geff before he rode off to battle and informed him that he was no longer an apprentice.  He smiled weakly.  She said, “Colin will be fine with time and rest.  You must focus on the battle that lies before of you.  May the Master ride with you.”  
He smiled broadly and bowed from his saddle.  He was the last to ride out of the gates and the castle seemed empty with so many gone.  She occasionally checked in on Colin, who slept for several days, only waking long enough to eat and drink a little.  Griffin sat beside him often though he woke seldom and there was always a servant to attend him.  The Lady spoke with her newest servant one afternoon several days after the others had ridden off.  She said, “you seem lost.”  
The man smiled, “I have finally found myself after all these years but it is a strange transition.  Especially with my only friend soundly asleep and all my new comrades suddenly gone.”  
She smiled, “you will adjust soon I think.  Do not confine yourself here.  The Teachers still remain and there are many things you have to learn.  I will have you fetched when Colin rouses for any significant length of time.”  He thanked her for her advice and soon found himself deeply engrossed in the strange and wonderful things he was learning.  He had almost forgotten about his friend when a servant came running to find him.
He excused himself from the lecture and went to Colin’s room.  The invalid was much more alive though not happy to be so fussed over.  He smiled when he saw Griffin.  Griffin returned the grin.  “I thought you would sleep forever,” laughed Griffin.  
Colin shrugged, “I am sorry for my languor, but it seems death tires one out severely.  Whoever said they were tired as death really had no idea of what they were talking about.  How go things with you and what has passed in the world while I slept?”  
Griffin said, “all but a few have ridden to lay siege to that ruined fortress of yours.  The rest of us muddle through as best we can.  I must say it is good to see you among the living once more.  I am in great need of someone to talk with.”  
Colin asked, “and what came of your apprentice?”  
Griffin shrugged, “he made it safely to Astoria and is held against his wishes in a secure room.  He will not speak with me or anyone else.  He wants nothing to do with any of us.”  
Colin smiled, “does he know of your new allegiance?”  
Griffin shook his head, “he assumed I was already one of you the moment he was captured.  Perhaps I already was in my heart.  This is certainly far better than anything our former masters had to offer, though I am not sure I would wish to endure what you just went through.”  
Colin laughed, “thankfully very few endure such things.  Usually once you die you stay dead, but it seems some of us make a habit of it.  It is not something I would wish for either but such is my lot.  Do you have any idea how strange it is to look upon your own corpse?  At least I was not drawn to the Master’s country after a natural death.  Geff says Tristan was never the same after his experience.  It was as if half his heart never returned and the other half wanted to return thither.  I at least do not bear that yearning.  I will be happy enough to linger here a few more years or even a couple centuries, but neither do I fear what comes after.”
The Lady soon arrived and interrupted their conversation saying, “welcome back.  You have slept a very long time, but I fear you will not be allowed to leave the castle for several weeks at least.  Tomorrow, if I am convinced you are strong enough you may perhaps visit Taragon.  He chafes at captivity and inactivity but he is in no better shape than you.  It will do you both good to rest for a time.  I have also promoted your apprentice so you need not worry about him either.”  Colin smiled at her teasing tone but knew she was serious.  He also knew how much fretting the stallion would be doing during his own convalescence.  He was happy that Geff was finally striking out on his own, but he would sorely miss the boy.  
He nodded weakly and said, “yes Lady.”  She smiled warmly and left the room.  
Griffin laughed, “she certainly is a strong woman.  I certainly would not like to cross her.”  
Colin smiled, “she has to be to run a circus like this.  The Master Himself appointed her and He could not have chosen better.  It is only a fool who angers such as she!”  They laughed and thanked the Master that they were not such fools.


Chapter 4

Turin was in charge of the Brethren while Karly led his own men.  They pushed as hard as the horses could go without tiring them excessively.  As they rode, they tried to plan what they would do when they arrived.  Several of the Brethren in the company had been there at one time or another and added their knowledge of the place to the plan.  They thought to form a perimeter, lest anyone try and escape while the archers would take their shots at the men upon the walls as the opportunity presented itself.  They could either wait to starve them out, try climbing the walls, or break down the gate or the back door.  It might take a very long time to starve them out while scaling the walls made them targets for the archers, so they decided to try battering down the back doors.  Usually they might try to bargain with those within, but so terrible were the crimes of which they were guilty that each must face death for his offenses.  No one must escape with the knowledge of the fell rites with which the foul demons were summoned.  If such were brought forth again, there might be no stopping them.  
They rode swiftly and made excellent time for an army traveling with ordinary horses, only stopping long enough to fell a suitable tree and make a proper battering ram.  They arrived as the sun was setting and ringed the fortress about, just out of range of the archers.  Turin said in a loud voice to all that might be listening, “surrender immediately.  You are all accused of crimes more evil than any mortal has a right to even think about.  In the name of the Master come forth and face justice else we shall come in and deal it out swiftly.”  
The men stood upon the wall and laughed, daring the interlopers to try their best.  Turin nodded to Karly and they set loose the bowmen for what was left of the evening, though in the dying light few arrows found their mark.  As most of the archers kept them busy from the front, another group snuck around back and covered those trying to break down the back door.  Several on both sides fell to well-placed arrows but more arose to take their places.  
Karly’s men and the Brethren were all experienced and well-trained soldiers, taking the fortress in an efficient manner; the men behind the walls had lost their leader and most were not well-versed in the ways of war.  Panic set in, many refused to help upon the walls and were set upon by their fellows.  By the time the door fell to, half the men had killed their fellows while many of the survivors begged for mercy as the rest fell upon the invaders with a will.  Those begging for their lives were told such a mercy was not to be granted, but that they had time to repent of their sins ere they died.  This stirred them into a fury of desperation, they fought with nothing but their bare hands and were quickly slain.  The sole survivor wished to know more of their offer of forgiveness for his crimes, but first he willingly answered their questions about his colleagues, the strange happenings in the fortress, and what he knew of anyone that might have fled ere their coming.  
He said that only one man had left in the time since the strange incident a week gone.  The man in charge had been slain by the feral monsters and his second in command fled that very morning, leaving the rest to defend the castle.  That man had to be found with all haste, before he spread his vile knowledge on to others or again attempted such things on his own.  No captives were found to rescue.  The lone survivor threw himself on the Master’s mercies before he was duly executed.  Of all those defending the fortress, only one man had been able to find peace before he died.  Their duties finished, most of the Brethren rode back to Astoria and the General and his men headed home.  Turin, Kard, and Geff went in search of the fled man, though they had little idea what the man looked like or whither he had fled.  The others would carry word back to the Lady and they asked that Griffin and Colin be sent to aid their search once Colin was recovered enough for the journey.  Both readily agreed and were eager to go, though Colin was many days from being strong enough for the expedition.

While Colin healed, he and Griffin spent their time trying to talk sense into Benn.  The boy felt betrayed by his former master and would only glower at them when they tried to speak with him.  Colin told his entire story to the boy and Griffin added his own side of things.  Finally the boy said, “I have no wish to join your treacherous organization.  Execute me or let me go.”  
Griffin shook his head, “we are not here to recruit you.  You may join the Brethren if you wish but that is your choice.  We seek only to know that you will turn from evil and that if we release you, you will not simply return to your former ways.”  
The boy sneered, “I will give no such promise.  I have chosen my path and will stand firm upon it.”  
Colin looked grim, “have you any idea the powers with which you are dabbling?  They are willing to sacrifice children to call foul demons from the depths of the Abyss.  Is that the type of people you wish to be associated with?  Is that the legacy you want to leave?”  
The boy was silent a moment and protested, “that is a foul lie!  My masters would do no such thing.”  
Tears came unbidden to Colin’s eyes as he remembered the fate of the little girl, “they have and they do.  I saw it with my own eyes.  They slew a child as if she were naught but a lamb.”  
The boy sneered, “you could not have witnessed such a rite and lived to tell the tale!  Nor could a mere man survive an encounter with these demons you claim to have seen.”  
Colin smiled grimly, “I did not survive it.  The foul beasts knew me for what I was the moment they saw me.  I tried to flee but they shut the gates and trapped us inside the fortress and felled us with arrows.  My mount mercifully died quickly.  I was dying, but not yet dead.  I fell victim to that bitter knife just as the child of which I spoke.  What I then witnessed was not with the eyes of a living man but with the eyes of one outside of time and beyond death.  The guards walked within a foot of me and saw me not.  Nor could I touch them.  My hand would have merely passed through them.  I then rode in company with those I knew were slain themselves, one by my own hand.  Another was my former apprentice!  It was in that strange and indifferent state that I witnessed the horrors of which I speak.  Nay, I did not escape alive from such an encounter.”
The boy gaped but said angrily, “then how do you yet stand among the living?”  
Colin sighed, “I was well and truly dead, but that is no difficulty for the Master, who Himself is the Maker of all life and has conquered death.  It was He that sent me back though not without a cost.  It is a great strain upon a mortal body to die and then to be called back into active use.  You think I sit around the castle all day for my own amusement?  The Lady will not let me leave else I may over extend myself and die from exhaustion.  I have a vital errand to be about yet here I sit like some crippled old man.  Taragon is in worse condition than I.”  
“Taragon?” asked the boy.  
Colin smiled warmly, “he is my faithful friend and companion into many adventures.  Even into death itself.  He is the unicorn that died alongside me.”  
“Unicorn?” gaped the boy, “Can the tales be true?  I thought them as mythic as the Master.”  
Colin shook his head, “they are no myth and neither is the Master.  How can you believe in your nameless master yet doubt the existence of his archenemy?  I do not believe you are as evil as you would like us all to believe.  Come out of the darkness and see if the world does not look better in the light.”  
The boy sighed, “you have said much and I must think on it.  I am weary and beg for some time alone.”  
They bowed politely and left the boy to wrestle with his own uneasy mind.  The following day the Lady gave them both leave to go after Turin and the others but required that they travel no faster than a normal horse could go.  Both readily agreed.  They stopped briefly to make their farewells to the boy.  He said little but a glint of hope flashed in his eyes.  Both wondered what that might portend.  They rode off slowly, still wondering.  It was a long and weary ride to Arca where last they had heard the others had gone.  With some connection between the Alliance and the Brotherhood, they thought to search the University, the Academy, and again investigate the Alliance itself.  Griffin was ready to testify before the King of Arca on the fell deeds done in service to the Alliance if necessary.  They must find the fugitive at all costs.
The three Brethren that had gone ahead to Arca had made little headway in speaking with anyone associated with the Academy.  They had brought their plight before the King but he said he could not force the issue, though he was gravely concerned about this supposed plot between the Alliance and the Brotherhood.  Colin and Griffin finally arrived and offered their testimony as well.  The King was grieved indeed and summoned the High Chancellor immediately.  Raye was not happy to be brought before the King on so trifling a matter but had little choice, as he did not wish to anger his father-in-law.  
The King asked, “what do you know of a plot betwixt the Alliance and the Brotherhood?”  
Raye went white, “I know nothing of such a scheme, Sire.  Are you sure a plot exists and that it is not some fancy of the Brethren?”  
Geff spoke, “we have lost five of our field agents in the last several months, each time under mysterious circumstances, and in each instance they were quickly replaced by Scholars provided by your Alliance.”  
Raye looked grave, “that would certainly be a strange coincidence but I truly know nothing of it.  Could it not be just bad luck on your part and ill timing on ours?”  
Griffin shook his head, “I was a part of that plot though merely as a minion.  My orders were to kill one of the Brethren teaching in Eastern Syre that she might be replaced by those not tainted by myths.  Thankfully I was stopped before more innocent blood could stain my hands.”  
Colin added, “I sat at table with a member of the Brotherhood that was intimately involved in the plot though I was unable to capture him as events turned out.  He is also fled and must be captured or killed at any cost.  The knowledge he carries could spell disaster if he uses the foul magics of which he is capable.”  
Raye looked truly disturbed, “what are you talking about?”  
Colin smiled grimly, “perhaps you remember the foul beasts the Brotherhood uses as its favored mount?  Now think of such a creature in possession of a sapient mind and immortality.  No mortal can stand against the thing and hope to live.  It has come to pass with the loosing of lesser demons under the guidance of these men.  The first crisis has been averted, but he is still loose in the world and is a threat as long as he lives.”
Raye was white as death, “how can any such thing happen in an Age of Reason?  It is all superstition and a thing of antiquity.”  
Turin sighed, “good and evil do not cease nor do the Master and the Enemy vanish simply because you wish it.  Neither can you make a thunderstorm vanish by pretending that the wind does not blow.  Have you not seen enough strange things not to wonder if there is something beyond this mere shell we call mortality?  For once in your life use the reason you claim to worship!”
Raye was offended by Turin’s tone but also unnerved about what these strange tidings portended.  He sighed and said, “I shall call a meeting of the Alliance and you shall present your findings to them.”  Turin bowed in thanks.  The meeting was called and as soon as all those summoned could travel to Arca, the meeting began.  The Brethren presented their case and all gathered were startled, shocked, and in a state of pure disbelief.  
All except Luis, who was deathly pale.  He stood and said, “I have had dealings with the man you seek.  I had no idea his evil ran so deep and am greatly grieved by my mistake.  Your colleagues’ deaths are partially my fault, as I was willing for their deaths if it eased our transition into the Age of Reason.  But this whole scheme is far beyond my knowledge or cooperation.  I shall face whatever punishment you see fit to mete out.  I do not know where the villain has fled however I think we shall soon hear of his presence if he is as dangerous as you suppose.”
All gaped in astonishment that one apparently so wise could be such a fool.  The whole Alliance agreed to a restructuring and a complete dissolution, if necessary, until such flaws could be hammered out.  The Brethren were left without another lead, forcing them to wait until the fiend revealed himself and then would have to face the danger when it came.  All they could do was send word to their comrades in the field and trust that the Master would deliver them once more.  

The man in question fled soon after the terror of the night faded into the breaking day.  He had been duped by Colin and had barely survived the wrath of the demons they had summoned to fight for them.  But then the man had been duly captured and killed, which appeased the monsters somewhat, though his life was still in great peril, then the monsters started raving about the man again, though no one could see him before all chaos broke loose and he took advantage and secreted himself in the stable.  The demons were vanquished by enemies unseen; several of his men were slain, including their leader.  Then the dead man appeared momentarily alive upon the hill outside the fortress, as if from nowhere, before vanishing like the wind.  
Not liking these events, the man fled immediately and ordered his underlings to stay and defend the castle at all costs.  Two weeks later he heard rumors that the fortress had fallen and that the Brethren were on the hunt for him.  At first he thought to flee to the Alliance for shelter, but the fools could not hide him long.  Then he remembered rumors he had heard about Grolma, an independent city on the border of the Western mountains and the plains of Tithbia.  It sounded a perfect place to further his schemes.  
He dared not face his masters after such a fiasco until he had some victory with which to salvage his life.  He had never conducted the vile rites but he had been taught what must be done by their late leader.  All he needed was a little time and a safe place to hide until he could reestablish himself.  He mused that even his own masters would cower before him if he were in possession of one of the monstrosities they had succeeded in creating by combining the dumb beasts with lesser demons.  The only trouble would be in convincing the creature that it was truly under his control and not vice versa.  The previous monsters had been rather stubborn on that point.  
He smiled, as he thought about setting the monster on Astoria itself.  Nothing could stand in the way of the creatures once they were loosed.  The monster could kill everyone within the city and not tire itself in the least.  He doubted the Master would repeat his little stunt, whatever that had been when the other five creatures were slain.  He would utterly destroy the Brethren, then conquer the world at his leisure; his own masters would beg him for mercy.  He smiled broadly in anticipation and kicked his beast to a faster pace.
Grolma was a terrible city, where anarchy reigned and power lay in the hands of the most violent and wicked of men.  Just the sort of place he preferred.  The Brethren avoided the place, save to seek out some wanted man or other.  The residents were content to prey upon each other and those who disliked the circumstances quickly moved on; those that lived there were there by choice.  The Brethren would like nothing better than to destroy the city but that would scatter the inhabitants abroad to wreak havoc upon more innocent targets.  At least this contained the evil to one spot where it preyed upon itself with only the occasional input from outside sources.  
He arrived and found himself a large house with a huge, walled garden in which he could try his hand at his own vile spells.  The hard part would be finding innocent blood.  Even the street urchins were steeped in evil from the cradle in this wretched place.  It would have to be a very young child indeed.  He met with a sinister man (almost as vile as himself) who might have just such a commodity.  They could not agree on a price and both parties withdrew in hopes of a better offer at a later time.  As the evil man returned to his rented house, he was unaware that he had acquired a shadow.
Raul followed the dark man out of the shabby inn, wondering what the vile fellow was up to.  Even in this haven of evil, he stood out as something truly remarkable.  Raul had heard the pair haggling and the implications of their deal-making chilled his blood.  Word had only just reached him of happenings in the east and the desperate hunt for what seemed this very man.  He crept cautiously around the side of the house to find a place to hide.  He would wait until all was quiet before exploring further.  He never got the chance.  A shadow came up behind Raul and rendered him unconscious.  The thug then went in search of the sinister man who had only that morning hired him to guard the derelict house.  
The thug was very confused when his new master seemed excited by the prospect of the interloper.  Who found trespassers a good thing?  As these ideas were slowly percolating through the mercenary’s head, a great ruckus arose near the front of the house.  Everyone ran to the second story windows and looked down upon an enraged unicorn trying to batter down the front doors.  Arrows quickly silenced the beast and it vanished as if it had never been.  The sinister man smiled in excitement and said, “excellent.”  The guard could only scratch his head in utter confusion, but did as he was told and hauled the unconscious intruder out into the back garden.
Raul awoke to find himself tied securely to a rather rickety table in what seemed to be a poorly tended garden.  A somnolent lurker stood nearby and Raul hoped that he was having a nightmare.  The sinister man laughed, “I am so glad you could join us.  Your meddling has saved me much trouble.  Now I need not go seeking an alternative victim when you have so nicely volunteered.  I am afraid this is going to hurt terribly, but alas I cannot put you into an enchanted sleep because of your misplaced allegiance, but then I think it much better this way, or at least more amusing.”  
Raul glowered at the man, “do you have any idea of the terror you are about to unleash?”  
The man smiled hungrily, “yes, and I shall be its master and none will stand against me.”  
Raul laughed grimly, “you think a mere mortal can master such power?  I think not!”  
The man laughed coldly, “I shall worry about that but you shall not be around to discover if you are right.”
The unspeakable deed was done and the monster awakened from its dimness of mind into power unimaginable and unstoppable.  The man tried to tell the beast that he was the master but the thing only laughed him to scorn before tearing him to shreds; thus died all knowledge of that vile magic from among the living.  But the beast was still loose upon the earth.  It easily broke free of the enclosed garden, and just for fun destroyed the entire city and most of its inhabitants.  It then went in search of something more worth its while.
The vile thing knew it was loose before its time and that no force on earth could best it, but that did not mean the Master might not use some of his tricks to send it back to its proper place at any moment; it wanted to make the most of things and wreak as much havoc as it could.  The puny human that had summoned it from its long, dark sleep had wanted to go immediately to Astoria.  That was a grand idea, so it immediately set forth in hopes of destroying that irksome city and all its inhabitants once and for all.  Its own master would be well-pleased with such deeds.  The servants of the Master were almost as annoying as the Master himself.  It set off at a frightening speed and before word ever reached Astoria of the fate of Grolma, it stood outside the gates demanding an audience with the Lady; it eyed the guards upon the gate hungrily.  They gripped their swords but knew the fight was vain but stood their ground nonetheless.  The Brethren had no need to find their quarry, for it had come to them.  
Word was quickly sent to the Lady that the thing was upon her doorstep, and she had no choice but to answer its challenge, knowing the thing could ravage the entire city on a whim.  She mounted her unicorn and rode out to face the creature.  It grinned vilely at her and said, “ah, the famed Lady of Astoria.  I have come to destroy you and all your kind before I ravage the world.  Only the Master himself can send me back and you cannot hope for any miracles this time.  I can easily destroy you all, but I desire something more interesting than a wholesale slaughter.  Let your greatest warriors challenge me to single combat; once you have run out of foolish souls to die in a futile attempt to destroy me, I will then annihilate the rest of you.  Perhaps you can find a way to defeat me ere the end?  I highly doubt it, but it shall be far more diverting for me and gives you a little hope, if false, which then makes the inevitable despair all the greater and the victory all the sweeter.  What say you?  Or perhaps you wish it simply to be over?”  
The Lady shook her head, “I fear we have little choice.  We know what vile power you possess.  One thing I must know, what of the man who summoned you?”  
The thing smiled and said, “I am in a chatty mood and you will soon enough be dead, so it matters not.  The wretch is dead.  He insisted that he be my master and I showed him the folly of his thinking.  What say you?”  
The Lady smiled inwardly, come what may, the thing was at least the last of its kind.  She said, “it shall be as you wish, though I pray the Master aid us, for that is our only hope.”  
The creature laughed her to scorn and said, “assemble your people, all shall watch their fate be decided upon this very field.  We shall go at it round the clock until you are utterly destroyed.  Move quickly, for I grow bored.”  She nodded to the guards and they spread word throughout the city that all were to gather upon the great meadow without.  The entire populous assembled itself and quivered in terror before the vile beast.  It faced the Lady again and said, “now summon your so-called warriors and let the fun begin.”  
She rode swiftly away and joined the ranks of her faithful servants, saying, “this is truly a desperate hour and from whence our salvation comes I know not.  Whatever happens, the Master is in control and we have nothing to fear.  Farewell my friends, if this be the end, for whatever befalls we shall meet again.  Colin!”  
Colin came riding over and bowed from his saddle, “yes my Lady?”  
She said, “what do you know about slaying these things?”  
Colin shook his head gravely saying, “only that no one living can stand against them, they cannot be slain by mortal hands, and only the Master’s power can send them back where they belong until the appointed time.  I was dead the last time I faced such a foe, but perhaps that is our answer.  Whoever faces it may face certain death, but once he has crossed beyond mortality, perhaps he will be allowed to stay in the waking world long enough to vanquish the beast, though unseen by any of us.  It is only a theory and a small hope but it is all I can offer.”  
The Lady nodded grimly, “it is all the insight we have and only the Master can save the day regardless.  It shall be as He wills and we will stand firm.  Now the only question is who shall face the gruesome thing and certain death for a small chance at saving the rest of us?”
She turned to her grim faced followers, but saw no fear or doubt written in their eyes, only complete trust in the Master’s grace in whatever was to come.  She faced them and said loudly, “I will not order any of you your death but if you wish to face the creature I will not bar your way.  The rest of us live while there is still one to fight.  There is some small hope that once you have been slain you may be granted the mercy to remain in this world long enough to send the vile beast back from whence it came.  No mortal blade can harm the thing: only those beyond mortal concerns can return it to its proper place until the appointed time.  There is no guarantee that even this will work.  Perhaps you sell your lives simply to gain the people of Astoria another few minutes; I do not know what will happen.  May the Master ride with you!”  She raised her sword and the gathered Brethren raised a great cry of battle.  They would fight to the last man to buy their people even a few more moments.  
The creature said, “I grow impatient and bored, Lady.  Choose your champion or I may entertain myself with a few of the civilians.”  The Lady looked to her followers and both Colin and Pallin rode forward, wanting to be the first to face the thing.  
She smiled sadly at their courage and said, “you cannot both go first but there shall be plenty of time to go after if this first assault fails, we shall all find our chance.”  
Pallin said, “Colin has already faced such a terror.  He may go if I fail.”  
Colin smiled grimly, “I would wish this horror on no one, but if you insist I shall not fight you for the honor.  If you fall, I shall take up your sword.  Farewell my friend, perhaps we shall see one another very soon.”  Pallin smiled at them both and rode off to face the monster. 
The creature cocked its head with anticipation as Pallin and his mount charged.  The unicorn gave a great cry of rage and buried her horn in the creature’s breast.  It laughed at this pathetic attempt at an attack and slashed her neck with a great claw, lacerating the great vein therein; silver blood spurted in all directions.  She groaned, went down, and disappeared.  The gaping hole she had rent in the creature’s flesh knitted back together as she vanished, leaving no trace that she had ever hurt him at all.  
The monster laughed scornfully and said to Pallin, who had fallen to the ground, “never fear, you shall soon follow your trusty steed.  This is rather fun!”  
Pallin growled, “I am glad one of us is enjoying this.”  He hacked vainly at the creature with his sword but the wounds healed immediately after he withdrew his blade.  The beast laughed as if Pallin were tickling instead of trying to kill.  The monster soon tired of the game and picked Pallin up.  The beast was immensely strong and easily crushed Pallin’s chest in a terrible hug, and for good measure it swiped his belly with its razor-sharp claws.  It carelessly tossed the stricken man aside and eyed the Lady eagerly, looking for its next plaything.  Pallin barely clung to life, each breath coming painfully.  His vision blurred and the pain was immense.
The creature grinned at him evilly, “not dead yet?  You will be soon enough.  Relish your last moments!  I certainly shall.”  It laughed and then roared, “who is next?  Or is it time I choose my own victims?”
Colin looked anxiously to the Lady, “Pallin yet clings to life.  I must engage the thing or it will strike at the townsfolk.”  
The Lady looked grim, “we do not yet know if this plan of yours will even work.  If it works I do not wish to lose you both, if it does not it will not matter in the end, but you are right.  I never thought to say this to one of my own servants but you must get the thing to kill you quickly.”  
Colin smiled grimly, “I have no wish for a lingering death.  It has been an honor to serve, Lady.  Farewell!”  A single tear trickled down her cheek as she raised a hand in farewell.
The beast grinned maliciously at its next victim, “time to play!”  Colin dismounted and drew his sword.  He sent Taragon off towards the moribund Pallin, perhaps only one of them had to die this day.  The creature looked at the man afoot, “what is this?  Trying to spare your beast?”  
Colin smiled, “this seems more fair.  Just me and you.  Besides, it will not matter in the end, will it?”  
The creature laughed, “at least you have come to terms with reality.  I shall kill you all in the end.”  
Colin smiled, “you seem a rather pathetic killer.  Your last victim breathes still.  Very sloppy work, that.”  
The thing snarled, “begging for a swift death mortal?  I can make it long and painful if you would prefer?”  
Colin smiled, “I helped send your comrades back to the Abyss.  I shall do the same with you.  They at least were far more competent killers; you are merely pathetic.”  
The thing could not stand to be mocked and snarled, “I shall show you what a proficient job I can do should I wish it.”  
Colin did not bother slashing vainly at the thing with his sword but stood ready to dodge if he could.  The monster did not give him that chance; it struck like a snake.  He felt its claws drive deep into his chest and then it tore out his throat.  He was dead before he hit the ground.  Pallin still lingered on in an eternity of pain and grief as he watched his friend die, but then something very strange happened.  He must have been close enough to death to see things that no mortal eye can otherwise witness.  He saw Colin’s mangled body fall but then he saw Colin quickly stand up, though his body still lay on the ground in a heap.  He grinned insolently at the thing and it stared back in absolute shock.  
“What trickery is this?” snarled the beast, “You are dead!”  
Colin smiled impishly and said, “actually, I am well beyond death.”  
The beast growled, “your kind does not linger here after death.  Be gone to your proper place and leave the mortals to me.”  
Colin laughed, “I shall be gone as soon as I send you back to your proper place.”  
The beast snarled, “this is treachery!  It is cheating!  The Master cannot do such a thing.”
Colin grinned, “actually it was your vile master who allowed his servants to cheat and summon you before your time.  I am here to put things aright and then we shall both be where we belong.  Go back to the pit!”
He charged the beast, sword drawn.  The monster slashed at him with teeth and claws but its mortal body could not injure that which is beyond the reach of time.  No one but Pallin could see or hear what happened.  To everyone else it seemed that the monster had gone mad, slashing at the air and speaking to itself.  Colin’s blade pierced its dark heart and the thing shrieked with a voice like a thousand foul yells.  The light of intelligence faded from its eyes and nothing but the dumb brute of a lurker remained.  As soon as Colin’s blade struck true, he vanished.  Pallin felt himself fading and knew the end had mercifully come, but before he succumbed to his wounds he felt a gentle nuzzling at his cheek.  Taragon knew his master must die but he would not let him do so alone.  
Instead of squandering his life in useless combat, he could grant Pallin one more chance at life by using that most precious gift of the unicorns: their ability to take on another’s wounds as their own.  In a moment, Pallin found himself fully healed as the great stallion collapsed, vanishing before he hit the ground.  Pallin shook himself and slowly sat up, only to realize that now the mindless brute of a lurker was about to fall upon him.  He had no sword and a man on foot stood little chance against the thing.  He idly wondered if Taragon had given his life in vain, but before the monster could fall upon him in all its mindless rage, Griffin rushed in with sword drawn.  He dispatched the thing easily, slid off his mount, and rushed to Pallin’s side.
“You survived!” said Griffin, “I did not think it possible, but then I should expect miracles in such company.”  
Pallin smiled weakly, “Colin’s theory worked, but I shall miss him.”  
Griffin nodded, “there are many that will, but he did what he knew he must.”  Turin and Geff approached as Pallin and Griffin stood over their slain comrade.  Together the four carried the body off to a private place and buried it quietly.  Their haunting song carried far on the evening breeze and touched many hearts.
As the four walked off carrying their friend’s remains, Benn quietly approached the Lady.  He had been summoned to the meadow with everyone else when the monster appeared.  Several of the Brethren alongside the Lady reached for their swords as the former apprentice of the Brotherhood approached.  She motioned for them to stay their swords.  She sat her mount and looked down at the boy from a great height.  
He went to one knee, his eyes red with unshed tears.  “Lady,” said he, “I do not fully understand what just happened, but I know that great things have occurred this night.  I also know that my former colleagues are guilty of terrible sins.  I wish nothing more to do with them and ask that you take me into your service.  My whole life I have been looking for my place, and I thought I had found it among the Brotherhood but I have been sorely disappointed.  I know I can find what I seek in service to the Master.  Take my life and use it as you will, if you will.”  
The Lady slid gracefully from her saddle and took the boy’s Oath then and there.  Afterwards she said, “rise my son and welcome home.”  
He glowed with joy, hope, and peace and then did the unthinkable.  He hugged the Lady!  Her astonishment quickly passed and she returned the gesture in earnest, welcoming the lost boy who had at last come home.  The other Brethren could not decide whether to be surprised, amused, or scandalized and their faces were a study in all three.  The boy had not been among the Brethren long enough to assume their formality around their beloved leader.  The four absent Brethren returned from burying their friend.  
Griffin looked at his former apprentice and smiled broadly, saying, “it seems we have corrupted you at last.”  
The boy smiled and ran to hug his former master, “I think I have finally found a cause worthy of pursuit.  Do you know how hard it is to pretend you are as evil as they expect you to be?”  
Griffin laughed, “I do.  I was having my doubts several months ago and only you kept me from leaving the Brotherhood.  And here I thought you were the ruthless one.”  
The boy gaped, “I was terrified you would discover my own misgivings and thus acted accordingly.” They both laughed at their previous confusion and their newfound camaraderie.  
Griffin smiled, “this was not the fate I thought would befall either of us but I could not be happier with the outcome.”
Many were those saddened by the loss of their friend and comrade, but all were intrigued as Pallin told of the events which they could not see.  The monster had been vanquished and the people of Astoria were safe once more, but none wished to go home quite yet.  A bonfire was lit in the meadow, food was brought forth, and there was much music and many shared tales that night.  All felt an easing of their private griefs or fears after the terrible encounter in the company and fellowship of others.  The Lady’s heart rejoiced to see the Brethren and the townsfolk encouraging one another and finding mutual healing in the process.  She hated losing her servants, but one life was a small price to pay to save so many.  Life would continue on, but this was the hardest part of her duties.  She was glad she had the Master to fall back upon for strength, for her own would not be nearly enough.
  Geff found Benn, who was as yet very shy around his new comrades.  Geff smiled encouragingly, “this is a strange turn of events.  When first we met we were enemies and now I call you friend and Brother.”  
The boy smiled weakly and said, “I am sorry for the loss of your master.”  
Geff shrugged a little sadly, “I am no longer an apprentice, so I have not technically lost my mentor, but I have lost a dear friend.  I thank you for your kind words.”  The boy blushed and Geff remembered his own apprentice days and how long it took him to learn to control his emotions.  Geff clapped him on the back, saying, “you shall do well.  Do not be shy, we do not bite.”  The boy blushed again but seemed more at ease with his new colleagues as the night progressed.  
Turin spoke with Pallin later that night, “you endured quite an ordeal tonight.  How do you fare?  I think Colin’s fate was easier by comparison.”  
Pallin shuddered, “that is not something I wish to repeat.  Lying there in immense pain, unable to move or breath, watching a friend die, and having your belly slashed open make for a rather miserable experience.  If I get to choose, a swift death would be my end.  I guess I forgot to taunt the monster; I shall remember that in future.  The memory fades and I shall soon be well.  I am just greatly tired.  I also have two friends to mourn, but we shall meet once more when my own time comes.”
Turin nodded, he would miss Colin dearly but he could not imagine what it was like to lose your unicorn.  The noble beasts were such faithful companions and devoted friends; they greatly eased the loneliness so often found upon the frequent journeys that the Brethren undertook.  
The Lady wandered over with Geff in tow.   She said, “I am sorry to interrupt your revelry this night but I have a mission for the four of you (Kard though currently elsewhere was still apprenticed to Turin).  Pallin I am sure you are tired of academia, but I need to know what will come of our various educational friends after recent revelations.  The Alliance has just suffered a severe embarrassment, which I hope will shock them out of their arrogant disdain for all things they consider mythic.  I am sure the Brotherhood will meddle if they get the chance.  I think the threat against our agents in the field has passed, at least for now, but we yet face an ideological war in which we cannot prove lax.  
It will take time, but the ideas of the rising intelligentsia may prove a grave threat to our future if we are not vigilant.  People must continue to make their own decisions, but we must ensure that they have the chance to choose to follow the Master if they wish.  We cannot be ignored or threatened into silence.  You shall ride to each of the educational institutions and speak with the Alliance about the course of their future endeavors.  You leave in the morning.”
They bowed as she left.  It was good to have something to focus their attention upon after the trauma of recent events, though Pallin wondered where he was going to find a unicorn in the middle of the night.  He might have to leave on a normal horse though he feared it would slow his colleagues significantly.  As if summoned, a great stallion draped his head over Pallin’s shoulder and whickered gently.  Pallin smiled, the Lady must have seen the great creature approaching and knew what he intended.  He patted the arching neck and greeted his new companion.


Chapter 5

Griffin and Benn remained in Astoria for some time, learning the myriad things that came with their new allegiance.  Benn had much more to learn than his former master due to his age and lesser experience.  Griffin mainly had to learn the Common Law, the Truth, and the various histories and legends peculiar to the Brethren.  He already had a good understanding of the more basic information, and it was not long until the Lady deemed him ready to ride off on a mission of his own.  He was eager to go out and try his hand at his new duties but was also a little intimidated by all of the stories and legends in which he had immersed himself for the past months.  The only thing to be do was to go out and make his own.  Kimba, his unicorn, was anxious to be off as well; the stallion did not take well to captivity or a sedentary life.
They set off early one morning in search of his former colleagues, much as Colin had done his first few months in active service to the Lady.  While Colin’s goal had been to find them and discuss with them the error of their ways, Griffin’s was to infiltrate the Brotherhood and discover what they were currently plotting after the failure of their latest scheme.  He could seek to dissuade them from their current path in life once his conversion became known to the Brotherhood.  The entire operation in the East appeared to fall apart after the siege on the horrible old fortress in Syre.  Griffin had previously worked in the West before being sent East and thence he would return.  For several weeks they rode steadily west until they came at last to the foot of the mountains.  His destination was Grolma, a terrible city of no little evil; the Brethren did not yet know it had been utterly destroyed.  
In its day, Grolma had been a haven for evil and depravity and thus a prime recruiting ground (and vacation spot) for the Brotherhood.  He hoped to find an agent of the Brotherhood and discover what the current state of the group was and any plans they currently had.  They approached the ruined city in disbelief.  What force on earth could unleash such devastation?  Then it occurred to Griffin that this is perhaps what Astoria would look like had the monster not been in a sporting mood.  
The majority of the buildings still stood, but there were great cracks and gaping holes in many of them.  The city looked as if it had been set upon by gigantic mice with nothing better to do than gnaw for all they were worth.  They picked their way carefully through the debris-strewn streets looking for any sign of life.  They found nothing.  Those few that had survived were fled long since.  It seemed not even rats or pigeons haunted the ruins.  The city was utterly empty.  They retreated gratefully from the desolate city and rode swiftly away, not wishing to spend any more time than necessary amidst its eerie silence.  Judgment had been meted out by the very forces the former populous had worshipped, once again it was proved that evil can only destroy and once all else has failed, it then turns upon itself.  Griffin had one more chance to find a contact within the Brotherhood, though Grolma had been his best hope.  He hoped this long journey was not simply wasted time; they rode towards the Northern Wilds.
Long ago, the least of the Lords of Perth had broken away from the King and other lords and retreated to the far west of the Northern Wilds to start his own little country.  It was no larger than his former estate in Perth, but it was enough for him.  For several generations his family ruled their private empire until infighting and plague reduced their numbers to the point where they had to choose between extinction or returning to their homeland as paupers.  They abandoned their home and returned to Perth.  The estate remained and was occasionally used as a haunt by the Brotherhood, bandits, or anyone else temporarily seeking refuge and shelter.  Griffin hoped he was not about to stumble into a den of thieves.  They made the journey without incident and approached the crumbling manor as night fell.  He dismounted outside the gates set in half-toppled walls.  He left Kimba to watch the darkness for intruders and made his way cautiously into the enclosed garden, sword drawn.  
Kimba whickered in the darkness, he had sensed another human presence.  As if on cue, a cloaked man jumped from the shadows of the wall and demanded of Griffin, “who goes and what is your business?”  
Griffin said, “I seek those who might gather here on occasion.  I might ask the same of you?”  
The man laughed, “I shall ask the questions, as I was here first and you have just arrived.  What is your name and who do you seek and why?”  
Griffin sighed, it seemed he would have to cooperate if he wished to learn who currently occupied the structure.  He said, “I am called Griffin, I seek the Brotherhood, and bring fell tidings of happenings in the East.”  
“I have heard of you,” said the man, “and you have found us at last.  We have heard nothing save that disaster has befallen our little experiment in Syre.  We thought all our agents dead.  Even ill-tidings are better than no news at all.  Come, our master will be relieved to see you.”
Griffin retreated into the darkness and soon returned with his mount.  He stabled his friend in the ramshackle barn and followed the other man into the house.  The others gathered there were amazed at their visitor; three of the five recognized him and welcomed him as a comrade.  The first order of business was to tell his tale.  
He said, “I finished my task and was sent on another assignment, which spared me the disaster that befell the others.  I heard of the catastrophe and learned what I could.  I waited but never found any of my former comrades in the East and thus was forced either to go on alone or come looking elsewhere and hither have I come.  I went to Grolma first, what happened there?”  
One of the five gave an ironic laugh, “evil consumed itself that day.   We can only assume that one of our agents knowledgeable in the ways of our little experiment back East escaped and tried to repeat the process on his own.  The results destroyed him and the city.  What befell the monster, no one knows.”  
Griffin said grimly, “the thing attacked Astoria but the Brethren somehow managed to best it.  What will come of the project now?”  
They shook their heads sadly, “the beasts cannot be controlled by the likes of us, unless our masters give us some form of control over them they are too dangerous to let loose upon the earth.  We must not dabble in such things again until we know how to control the monsters.”  
“I thought the goal of the Brotherhood was to undermine the Master and chaos was one desired outcome.  Is this not perfect chaos?” asked Griffin.  
The others wore terrified looks but one man said, “chaos is one thing.  Utter destruction quite another; just look at Grolma!  Besides, everyone who knew how the thing was accomplished died when the Brethren took the fortress, save the man killed by his own creation.  We have other plans.”  
Griffin smiled, “what can you be plotting out here in the middle of nowhere?”  
The man smiled, “we are going to kidnap the Lady of Astoria.”
“Are you completely mad?” asked Griffin in shock, “She leaves Astoria once a century, if that.  She sits in a well-defended castle surrounded by the world’s most renowned warriors who can sense the presence of an agent of the Brotherhood.  We have not the numbers for an assault and we cannot sneak in.  How is such a feat to be accomplished?”  
The man laughed and said, “you shall see soon enough.  Tomorrow in fact, if all goes according to plan.”
Griffin looked skeptical but said nothing and wondered what part he would play in the whole ordeal.  He thought it impossible, but he had personally seen the impossible happen so he counted nothing as such anymore.  He slept little that night, wondering what the morrow would bring.  The morning dawned and the six men hurried out into the breaking day with much enthusiasm, save Griffin, who felt a deep unease.  
They waited upon the overgrown lawn and stared expectantly at the sky.  Soon a young dragon appeared on the horizon; it seemed to be clutching something of human shape in one foreleg.  It alighted and looked at the men in abject fear, saying, “I have done my part, now you shall do yours.”  
Gorp laughed and said, “we shall hold to our end of things.  You have done us all a great favor.  You have my thanks.”  
The creature looked disgusted, though with the man or himself none could tell.  It said, “take the prisoner and remember our bargain.”  It dropped the woman and lofted itself into the air.  Griffin wondered what sort of bargain a dragon could make with the Brotherhood and remembered the Battle of the Plain with a shudder.  As if this were not disconcerting enough, he looked at the captured woman and his blood ran cold.

Navith landed in the open meadow surrounding Astoria; he was nervous as a cat in a dog pen.  The strange men said the Brethren had dragonsbane and were not afraid to use it.  He was young and very vulnerable and knew it to his very soul.  The strangers had agreed to protect him if he would do this one terrible thing.  He needed protection until he was old enough to ward off attack by these fearsome little humans.  He tried his best to remain calm and said to the approaching man, “I am called Navith and I wish to speak with the Lady on an urgent matter.”  The man bowed politely and retreated quickly to the castle; one did not keep a dragon waiting.  
Dorn found the Lady deep in a meeting with several important dignitaries from the Eastern Realms discussing the future of education in their countries.  She excused herself briefly, but realizing the importance of this audience and unable to immediately abandon her current guests, she directed that Tia should speak with the creature until she could go down to speak with him herself.  Tia immediately set off to speak with the beast.  She was very excited, as she had never met a dragon before.  She rode out to greet the creature and without one word it reached down, picked her up in its great claws, and went aloft.  Kozak reared and screamed in protest but nothing would dissuade the dragon from his quest.  He had seen the woman approach, assumed she was his target, and wasted no time in acting.  
All he said to her questions and protests was, “I apologize for the inconvenience and do hope you will understand in time but it must be done.”  They flew steadily west, Tia soon lapsed into silence when her protests went unanswered.
After several days with only short rests, they arrived at a ruined old manor in the utter northwest of the world where the dragon dumped her haphazardly upon the ground.  She knew immediately that she had fallen into the clutches of at least five members of the Brotherhood.  Her blood ran cold as she realized they were most likely expecting the Lady and not some girl hardly out of her apprenticeship.  She looked calmly at her captors as the dragon went aloft and a small flutter of hope stirred in her breast as she recognized one of her comrades amidst the villains.
Gorp said, “welcome, Lady of Astoria.  We have great plans for you.  Cooperate and you may live to see them.”  He turned to Griffin and said, “not quite as impossible as you thought, eh?”  Griffin laughed weakly but said nothing about them having captured the wrong woman.  Gorp addressed Tia and said, “I had expected someone older but with how things work among your kind I suppose you could be two hundred years old and I would not know it.  Give me your weapons and we can go into the house and out of this damp morning.  I am sure you are weary after your journey.”  Tia did as she was told and they bound her hands behind her back.  
Griffin had to ask, “how did you accomplish this?  I did not think dragons willingly did the bidding of men.”  
Gorp laughed heartily, “we found a youngling dragon with more fear than sense.  After the Battle of the Plain we did some digging and discovered what killed our all-powerful dragon.  A weed called dragonsbane is universally fatal to the beasts and we convinced the little brute that the Brethren had a whole garden full of the stuff.  We told him if he did this little deed for us we would make sure the Brethren did not dare use it against him or his friends.  All in all, a very nice little plan.”  
Griffin asked, “so now what are you going to do with the lady?”  
Gorp smiled, “I have no idea.  If she were anyone but who she is we would kill her outright.  If we kill her they will simply choose another leader.  As long as we keep her prisoner they will be leaderless and confused.  I am sure our masters can discover a good use for her.  It will be amusing to see what they come up with.”  He laughed coldly and neither Tia nor Griffin found any comfort in the sound.  They retreated to the house and secured the girl in an inner room with no windows and only one door.  Griffin was posted as the first guard.

Word quickly reached the Lady of Tia’s abduction and she swiftly mobilized the Brethren.  Two Warriors were sent after Kozak as he tracked his mistress and two others were sent to speak with Nargath upon the matter.  Those following the unicorn had a very long ride ahead of them.  Those seeking the dragon’s lair made a much swifter journey.  They rode up to the cave mouth and did not disguise their mounts, for they did not wish for any mistake in their identity on such an urgent matter (or ever, one did not ride up to a strange dragon’s lair without great need).  Great snores sounded from the cavern, but soon ceased as the men made their presence known.  Seeing of what kind his guests were, Nargath thought that perhaps Tristan or the Lady herself had come to call.  He longed for a song.  He was disappointed.  He could never manage to tell humans apart, but he knew that neither man was Tristan and most definitely not the Lady.  He could at least tell a male from a female and prided himself on that little skill.  
“What can I do for you?” grumped Nargath in his disappointment, “I doubt either of you can sing?”  
The two men exchanged confused looks and Dorn said, “I am sorry, but neither of us is so skilled.  We are sorry to disturb your rest but one of your kind recently came to Astoria asking for an audience with the Lady.  The Lady was indisposed and another was sent to speak with him until she was available.  The young woman, whom we assume the dragon mistook for the Lady, was immediately snatched up and the dragon fled with her as his hostage.  Do you know of a dragon called Navith?”
The old dragon looked very grim, “these are grave tidings indeed and verily, the villain is lurking within my own cave though I had no knowledge of these dire happenings until now.”  He roared, “Navith come here!”  A small black dragon crept out of the darkness and cowered in the shadows of the great cavern.  “What have you done?” demanded the old dragon, “Are you trying to ignite the wars betwixt our kinds once more?”  
The little dragon whined, “they have dragonsbane and it is the only way to protect our kind!”  
“What?!” snarled Nargath fiercely, “Is this true?”  
The two Brethren exchanged confused looks and Dorn said, “we have not heard of such a thing.  Pray, what is it and why such anger over it?”  
Nargath calmed somewhat and said, “dragonsbane is a weed used in ancient days as a poison for my kind.  In the negotiations that ended the wars between men and dragons it was agreed by mankind that the weed would be destroyed and not used again save in dire need.  I had thought even the knowledge of it had passed out of existence.  Now that I think on it, it was the only way you could have been victorious at the Battle of the Plain.  Naught else could kill the vile old monster.  The Lady must have had access to some of the vile stuff.  What do you know of this plot?”  
Dorn shook his head, “only three that I know of would have had knowledge of things pertaining to the dragon: Trap, Tristan, and the former Lady were very quiet on how they planned to defeat the monster.”  
Nargath nodded, “then I shall discuss it with Tristan.”  
Dorn shook his head sadly, “you cannot discuss it with any of them.  All three have been called home.”
The old dragon looked truly grieved, “I see.  No one else knows anything about this plot?”  
Dorn said, “I doubt even the Lady herself knows anything about it but you can surely ask her.  But what does this have to do with an attempt to kidnap the Lady and where is our missing comrade?”  
Nargath looked at the little dragon significantly and he said, “some men found me napping one day and I begged them not to hurt me.  They said they would never do such a thing and wished to be my friends.  They even said they wanted to help protect me from the Brethren, who were well known to have a vast quantity of dragonsbane.  If I were to help them kidnap the Lady, they said the Brethren would not dare strike against us.”  
Nargath would have laughed were the situation not so deplorable, “where is your sense?  What do you know about the Brethren?  They do not kill without need you fool!  They did what had to be done (no matter how reprehensible it may seem to us) when the old monster felt inclined to destroy all mankind.  I think they had every right to do what they did.  But I must know if any more of the stuff exists and if so in whose hands it lies.  You fool!  You could have again started the wars that nearly destroyed us all!  I should let them destroy you if only to rid the world of your idiocy.  When will you learn that most humans are not out to get you?  Most are terrified of you.  Idiot!”  
Dorn said, “you may wish to speak with the Lady immediately.  We should probably set off in search of our colleague.  Can the little one show us?”  
Navith looked terrified but with a glare from Nargath he agreed.  Nargath said, “I apologize for the foolishness of this one, but he is still very young.  I shall see that the Lady knows what has happened and that he is assisting in reversing his vile actions.  I shall also know what is happening with the resurgence of dragonsbane in the world.  Farewell.”  With that he went aloft and was soon out of sight.  The young dragon jumped into the air and flew low and very slowly so that the Brethren could follow him easily.
Nargath arrived in Astoria not long afterwards and the Lady met him immediately though not without a sizable guard about her.  The dragon looked truly grieved at such a need.  He bowed his head politely and she returned the courtesy.  He said, “I apologize for the rashness of the young one.  He acted out of misinformation and fear.  They are currently seeking your missing servant.  I hope all ends well.  I must speak with you privately if that is possible?  You have no need of protection; I mean no harm and simply wish to rectify that which has already occurred.  The young one acted alone and without thought.  Please do not fear us as your kind did so long ago.  This was a random act, not a conspiracy.”  The Lady dismissed her guards and together she and the dragon wandered out into the middle of the meadow.  Nargath told his story and then asked, “what do you know of dragonsbane?”  
The Lady shook her head, “Tristan would say little of it.  All I know is that he and two others rode south in great secrecy and said nothing of their adventures after their return.  I am assuming whatever it is, that it was the reason we were able to defeat the terrible beast upon the plains.”  
The dragon nodded, “then you have no supply of the vile stuff and know of no one that does?”  
The Lady shook her head, “to my knowledge we have none here and I would know of no one who would have any.  We have a particularly knowledgeable botanist, perhaps we should ask her?”  
The dragon nodded and the woman was sent for.  She was in fact the old herbalist that Tristan and the others had encountered in their search for dragonsbane.  She was pale as milk when she approached the great beast.  She made her bows and he said, “do you have any knowledge of a vile weed called dragonsbane?”  
She said, “it was I who showed the three Brethren where the stuff grew before that fateful battle.  I dabbled in herbs and potions ere I came here.  They carried an ancient book that mentioned the weed and I showed them perhaps the last plant of its kind that yet lives.  They plucked three leaves and what came after I know not.”
Nargath said, “I thank you for your help.  Who were these three?  I know the former Lady, Tristan, and one called Trap were all involved.  I doubt the Lady herself rode forth on such an errand.”  
The old woman said, “the third was an apprentice called Geff.”  
The dragon smiled, “so there is yet one who knows of this plot?”  
The Lady shook her head, “Geff rode with them but he was there simply because Tristan was.  He had no part in the slaying of the dragon.  Tristan was kept back from the fighting in case he was needed to face the dragon should Trap fail.  Trap faced the monster first and died in the process but he succeeded in his task.  Geff was not even at the battle.  They must have used those few precious leaves to attain their goal.  I doubt if any of the stuff yet remains in Astoria.  Do any know of the plant save yourself?”  
The woman shook her head, “no.  I alone knew of it and that from years of vain searching.  I think dragonkind is safe from their ancient bane.”  
Nargath nodded, “I thank you both for your knowledge.  Lady, I am sorry for your loss.  I did not know Tristan had fallen.”  
The Lady smiled sadly, “there are many that miss him.  I thank you for your words.”  
Nargath said, “I shall miss him also.  I shall see what I can do to recover your missing servant.  At least there shall not be war between us again.”  
The Lady looked aghast, “the Master forbid it should ever be so.  Thank you for all of your help in resolving this matter peacefully.”  Nargath bowed once more and then took to the air.  The two women watched him go.  “Thank you for your aid,” said the Lady to the botanist.  
The old woman smiled, “thank you for taking in such as I.”  They shared a smile and walked back to the city with lighter hearts though the Lady wondered what had come of Tia.

Griffin stood outside the door, wishing there were some way he could speak with the girl without having his identity discovered, but the time passed without such satisfaction and he was relieved.  They sat in the kitchen discussing what to do with the ‘Lady.’  None had heard from their masters in some time and they wondered if the whole Brotherhood had fallen into disarray.  In time it would rise again, as it always did, but they did not like being left alone and without direction.  
However, they had no need to wait any longer, for at that moment a messenger came galloping up the road to the house.  He was recognized as one who served directly under the mysterious man who led the entire Brotherhood and communicated directly with their dark masters.  The man had news of great urgency: it seemed that the Brethren had found a knack for infiltrating the Brotherhood and it must be stopped lest more of their plots fail or their agents become traitors.  It was now required that whenever two members met after an absence of any length, even if they knew one another, they must ask and answer a question directly.  They had to verify that they were not a part of the Brethren.  The Brethren could not talk their way around a direct question and would invariably be discovered.  
Griffin did not like the sound of this.  The messenger obviously wanted to go through the whole ritual immediately, but the rest of the men were too excited about their success to worry about formalities just yet.  Griffin said, “Gorp must hear this.  I shall go relieve him.”  He excused himself and went in search of their leader, who was guarding Tia’s door.  He said, “there is a messenger here from the very top of the Brotherhood.  You had best go hear what he has to say.  I will mind the girl.”
Gorp nodded in thanks and went in search of the visitor.  As soon as he was out of sight, Griffin threw wide the door and said to the startled Tia, “I had hoped to sneak you out quietly but we may have to fight our way out.  A messenger has just arrived and my identity is about to be uncovered.  Here is your sword.  Sneak out via the back.  All of their agents are in the kitchen.  Get a horse from the stable and be ready to ride hard the moment you see me or if things go ill.  Go!”
She quietly whispered a thank you and dashed from the room.  Griffin shut the door and waited.  Shortly, the messenger and Gorp approached.  Gorp said, “this is the room where we have secreted the Lady.  Would you care to take a look?”  
The messenger smiled coldly and said, “in a moment, first this man has yet to pass our little test.”  
Gorp shook his head, “this man is as loyal as any of them but if you insist on your farcical little test so be it.  Griffin answer me yes or no.  Are you a member of the Brethren?”  
Griffin smiled his most foolish grin and said, “of course I am of the Brethren.”  
Gorp punched him lightly in the ribs and laughed, “be serious now.  Just answer the question.  I am anxious to show the Lady to our distinguished guest.”  
Griffin said, “that is not the Lady.”  
“What?” asked Gorp in surprise, “How would you know?”  
Griffin grinned, “I was serious when I said I was one of the Brethren.  The girl is not the Lady.”  
“This is not funny,” snarled the messenger, “be serious or you will be sorry.”  
Griffin shook his head and said, “I guess actions speak louder than words.”  
He drew his sword just in case and took off at a run towards the back of the house.  The two evil men exchanged a look of surprise before opening the door into the room.  It was empty.  They raised the alarm and all went in pursuit of the two fled Brethren.  Griffin found Tia hiding behind the stable, sitting her horse.  He found Kimba but did not bother tacking him up, but did have him reveal his true form to the other horses.  They went mad and nearly tore the decrepit building down around them in their fright, before galloping off into the night in pure madness.  He flung himself onto the stallion’s back and they followed the horses into the darkness.  They rode as hard as Tia’s horse could manage and found a secluded spot to rest for a few hours.  They were off again as soon as they dared and pressed hard for several days, angling back towards Astoria.  They did not know if they were being pursued.


Chapter 6

The men of the Brotherhood watched helplessly as their foes vanished into the night, close on the heels of their fled mounts.  Those that had them could summon their fell beasts, but of what use was pursuing the pair?  They were just common agents of the Brethren, and weeks wasted in pursuit just to kill them would not please their dark masters.  They also had another consideration.  The messenger had not come simply to deliver a new protocol for etiquette upon first meeting; he had also come to summon them to their next assignment.  Until now they had merely been hiding out in the old ruin, waiting for something to happen.  They were ecstatic to finally have a mission, and to know that no matter how much of a beating the Brotherhood took, it would never be defeated.  There would always be someone to rise from the ashes and continue on in their vile quest to destroy all the Master held dear.  
The messenger faced the men who remained and said, “we leave at once.  Since we have no horses we must acquire them along the way.  We make for the College of Salita.”  The men exchanged curious looks but said nothing, it was not a good idea to question a superior on anything.  The price of a foolish question might well be your life.  They set about preparing for the journey immediately.  
It was a long ride from the Northern Wilds to Salita far in the south.  They arrived one dark night in the midst of a violent storm.  Unlike the Academy, the College had no wall or guard to deal with.  What they did have was a potential new weapon that could shake the very foundations of the world.  It would spell certain doom for the Brethren if it worked as theorized.  The small group of men rode quietly onto the campus, their leader knowing exactly where he to go.  He led them to a large building, long and narrow; it appeared to be some sort of warehouse.  He silently opened one of the doors and slipped in.  He found a middle-aged man asleep on a narrow cot off to one side.  The balance of the building was given over to workspace, the man claimed only this small corner for his own use.  
The leader poked him roughly in the ribs with a booted toe, “wake up!”  
The man started awake, and realizing who his waker was, leapt from his bed and bowed deeply, “how may I be of service, my lord?”  
The vile man smiled, “how are things progressing?”  
The older man smiled proudly, “the prototype has been finished and tested and works perfectly.”  
The sinister man smiled coldly, “good.  Put your men to work immediately and produce as many of the devices as you can.  I shall come for them shortly.  Anything you need will be provided.  I have an important visit to make and would like to make an impression.  Can I take the weapon with me?”  
The man looked nervous but he dared not say no, so said, “it would be helpful to have it as a model but I am sure we can get along without it.”  
“Good,” hissed the dark man, “show me how it works and we shall be on our way immediately.”  
The other agents of the Brotherhood watched in immense curiosity as their leader and the old man handled the strange device.  They could not put a name or a use to the thing but they knew the future of the Brotherhood would be bright indeed if it worked as planned.  There was a target on a far wall, as one would use for archery.  The older man held the device steadily in one hand, lined up the cylindrical end with the target, and pushed a small lever at the base of the cylinder.  A noise like thunder rang through the building as the storm outside answered with its own great voice.  The men looked curiously at the man and their leader.  Nothing appreciable seemed to have happened.  Then they looked at the target.  Something had ripped a great hole in the center of the target.  What strange magic was this?  They had never seen anything like it.  
The dark man laughed heartily, “excellent.  Continue your work and you will be handsomely rewarded.”  
The inventor grinned proudly and bowed deeply, presenting his lord with the world’s first prototype of the pistol.  He had stumbled upon the explosive black powder by accident, and with a little thought and much tinkering he had come up with the strange device that would forever change the course of the world.  The dark men packed the supplies they would need to make the weapon functional and galloped off into the night.  The inventor hastily wakened his underlings and immediately went to work making more of the things.

The small band moved on and this time their road took them to Panmycea.  The guards at the gates allowed them into the city unchallenged, as the city was open to anyone who wished to come or go.  They were stopped at the gates to the Citadel however.  The sinister man walked forward and asked the guard if he might have an audience with the General, saying, “I have something that might interest him greatly.  It could mean the beginning of a whole new type of warfare.”  
The man bowed and ran to inquire after a potential audience.  He quickly returned and motioned for the man to follow.  The others were to wait with the gate guards.  He was ushered into the little room that served as the General’s office and made a polite bow.  The General looked up with interest, happy to have a break from the endless tedium of paperwork.  “What news do you bring stranger?” asked Karly.  
The man smiled grimly, “perhaps you would wish to summon some of your senior officers.  This revolutionary new device will be of great interest to anyone wishing to wage efficient warfare in future.”  The General nodded and a servant ran off in search of the more senior officers.  Once they had assembled, the man drew forth the strange weapon from beneath his cloak.  They looked at the thing skeptically but listened intently.  The man said, “this little device can rip a hole in a man’s chest simply by touching this little lever.  I currently have in production a great number of these weapons and would happily share them with you if you are willing to assist me in my duties.”  
The General looked very skeptical but said, “and what duties do you speak of?”  
The man grinned, “why in keeping the peace.  I have the same goals as yourselves of course.  This little device just makes it that much more effective.  I want a leadership role within this organization and men to strike where and when I tell them.  I have weapons.  You have men.  This could be a beautiful thing.”
The General did not like this in the least, “and just who do you work for?”  
The man said, “I am simply an agent of Reason.  We want to ensure that people have a choice in what they believe.  You surely cannot deny people a choice in what they choose to think?”  
Karly shook his head, “even if this little device of yours works as you say, I do not trust you and will not let you infiltrate my organization in this manner.  I have worked hard to build up a reputable force that can come to the aid of those in need.  I will not see it corrupted just because you have discovered a new toy.”  
The man snarled, “I do not like your way of thinking General.  Perhaps a demonstration?”  Before anyone could act, the man pointed the thing at the General’s chest and pulled the trigger.  In the roar and confusion that followed, the man escaped into the courtyard.  His associates had already fled in anticipation.  
The soldiers in the courtyard did not yet know what had happened.  In the chaos, one of Karly’s senior officers drew the dark man aside saying, “most here will not turn from the General’s muddled way of thinking, but there are those that may be interested in joining you if you can promise we have access to so great a weapon.”  
The dark man smiled, “it is a deal.  Meet me with your loyal men on the southern borders of this land.  I must go ere they discover what has happened.”  
The officer nodded as the sinister man fled from the Citadel, just as shouts were raised that something was terribly wrong.  The men who had witnessed the murder of the General did not yet know it, but they had witnessed the beginning of a whole new type of warfare.  The treacherous officer disappeared into the Citadel and sought out those men that he knew would be interested in the offer.  Most were former members of the Order of the Unicorn who chaffed under their new leader.  They readily agreed and nearly fifty men deserted Panmycea that day. 

As the days passed, they did not see signs of pursuit.  They had left the manor with nothing but the clothes on their backs, their swords, and whatever was in their pockets.  They could not even build a fire.  Griffin found himself wishing for a saddle before very long.  They also had nothing in the way of food and little money.  It would be a long, hungry journey to Astoria at this rate.  Not that the country through which they traveled had much in the way of places to buy food even if they could afford it.  Perhaps they would meet friendly people upon the road.  Griffin doubted it, as the Northern Wilds, through which they currently traveled, were sparsely populated.  They might starve to death long before they reached Astoria.  
After a week of uneventful riding, they came upon a very strange sight.  It seemed a group of travelers had come under attack by a lone man, who apparently had neither horse nor sword or even a dagger.  The travelers had no such lack and were happily beating the man who had incited the fight; the fellow was nearly unconscious and bleeding in several places.  Griffin and Tia rode in and interrupted the fight, as the travelers seemed intent on bludgeoning their nearly unconscious foe to death.  The two Brethren soon found themselves exchanging sword blows with the travelers.  There were six men among the group and they split themselves between the man and the woman.  Three on one were not very good odds, but the Brethren were well trained in the use of a sword and were also mounted, which gave them a little advantage over men on foot.  Both tried not to injure their foes too badly while also trying to calm the aggravated men but they would not hear their pleas.
Finally, nursing bruised heads and bleeding wounds, the men desisted in their attack.  Their leader said, “what is the meaning of this?  We were attacked by this madman and were duly defending ourselves.”  
Griffin said, “there is a difference between self-defense and beating a defeated foe to a bloody pulp.  You should have captured him and taken him before the local officials to be dealt with justly.”  
The leader laughed, “we are not the type of people who like to become involved with the authorities, if you take my meaning.  We are not exactly men of renown and honor.”  
Griffin asked, “why did this man attack an obviously well-armed and much more numerous foe?”  
The leader shrugged, “maybe he was desperate for something we carry.”  
Griffin’s eyes narrowed, “and what would that be?”  
The man sneered, “I will not tell you else you may try and carry it off yourself, but be assured it is a thing that will make all of us rich.”  
Griffin shook his head, “what could be so valuable as to make a man desperate enough to attack so many alone and unarmed?”  The man in question seemed to be stirring.  He found himself bound hand and foot, but smiled at the pitiful state of his enemies, though his mood soured when he looked upon the newcomers.  
He snarled, “more rogues come to take advantage where they can?  Why is the world so full of scoundrels?”  
Griffin said gently, “we are not here to rob or murder.  We are here to see that justice is done.”  
“Justice!” spat the man, “If the world had any justice you and all your kind would vanish from the earth instead of multiplying like roaches and infesting the entire world.  I do not trust any of you!”  
Tia was amazed, “you know who we are?”  
The man scoffed, “every human is the same and cannot be trusted with anything.  What need have I to know you?”  Everyone exchanged confused looks, the man talked as if he were not human himself.  
Griffin tried changing the subject, “why were you so desperate as to attack these men alone and unarmed?”  
The man smirked and said, “they carry something of incalculable value which they stole from my family.  It must be retrieved at any cost.  They have no right!”  
Griffin said, “why not approach one of the local authorities rather than nearly getting yourself killed?”  
The man sneered, “I would not trust any of your kind to judge my case because none of you are trustworthy.”  The Brethren exchanged concerned looks, perhaps he was mad?  
Griffin asked, “what is it you seek?  We shall judge your case right now.”  The bound man looked concerned and the other men anxious.  As Griffin moved towards one of the two wagons in the caravan, all of them made to stand and prevent his search.  The Brethren had their swords out immediately.  Griffin growled, “does this man have a case?”  
The leader shook his head, “only in his own mind.”  
Griffin smiled grimly, “you seem rather anxious to prevent my looking amongst your goods.  What are you hiding?  That tells me that you are at least feeling partially guilty or anxious about something.  All of you drop your swords.  I will tie you up if I must.”  The men looked angry about the order but complied, not wishing to face the swords of the strangers once more.  The madman seemed to find the whole ordeal amusing for some reason.  “Now what am I looking for?” asked Griffin again.  
The leader stood slowly and said, “I shall show you if I may?  I wish not to injure so precious and delicate a commodity.”  Griffin nodded and the man carefully dug around in one of the wagon beds and brought forth a large crate.  He set the crate upon the ground and opened the lid.  Inside sat an ugly hatchling of some sort of raptor.  
“A hawk?” said Tia in confusion, “Why so much trouble over so small a thing?”  
The leader laughed, “that my lady is no mere hawk.  That is a chick of the great Northern Snow Falcon, a bird that lives only in the Frigid Wastes far to the north.  A dozen of us set out on the journey and only we six have returned to tell the tale.  It is a dangerous journey and the birds are fierce in protecting their young.  Only once every few centuries is one ever brought south for the delight of Kings in their sport.  This ‘mere bird,’ as you call it, is worth more than you can possibly imagine.”
Griffin stared aghast at the man, “how can any amount of money be worth the lives of six of your associates?”  
The man shrugged, “it was a gamble and a risk we all took.  How can such a fortune not be worth it?  What other cause would you have us die for?  You only live once after all.”  
Tia shook her head at his strange logic.  Money was the least of all causes one should sell one’s life for.  “And what of you my friend?” asked Griffin of the bound man, “What claim have you in this matter?”  
“I am not your friend,” spat the man, “that little one is mine by right of blood, though I will not explain things to you who are of the race of betrayers.”  
Griffin was even more confused, “why are you so negative towards your own species?  Why do you speak as if you were not one of us?”  
The man sneered, “because I am not one of you.”  
The leader smiled, “he is mad.”  
Kimba whinnied an affirmative and nodded his head as if in agreement.  “What are you saying?” asked Griffin of the seeming horse, “Why did you not mention this before?”  The creature snorted as if it were obvious.  Griffin said in consternation, “because I did not ask is not a good reason!  Next time mention something like this please.”  Tia laughed in amusement and the others stared at Griffin and his mount in amazement.  
The leader said, “apparently his madness is contagious.”  
Griffin said, “I shall speak with the man alone please.  Tia watch the bird.”  He cut the bonds on the man’s feet and helped him rise to a standing position.  They wandered some way off into the trees where they would not be overheard.  
Once they were alone, the man sneered, “you take advice from your horse?”  
Griffin shook his head, “he does not speak after the manner of men but yes we can communicate.  He says you are not human.  You do not smell right and there is something else about you that he does not understand.  It is not evil, but it is strange to him.”  
The man stared at him, “what manner of sorcery is this?”  
Griffin smiled, “not sorcery, just something innate to unicorns.”
“Unicorns!” scoffed the man, “It is witchery indeed if you can claim the allegiance of such a noble creature, traitor that you are.  Have you sold what little soul your kind possesses in exchange for such dark powers?  I have heard rumors of such.”  
Griffin frowned, “you seem to think all men guilty of some great crime.  Why?”  
The man smiled mirthlessly, “you would not understand.  Your minds are not great enough to comprehend such things.”  
“Try me,” said Griffin, “I am the only one who can get you out of this mess and you are not helping your case.  What are you?  Why so much interest in the chick?  I doubt money is your goal.  And why such antipathy towards mankind?”  
The man sighed and said, “because you insist, and because it is the only way I see of freeing the little one, I shall cooperate, but first tell me why the creature you claim to be a unicorn seems to answer to you?”  
Griffin smiled and called Kimba over.  For a moment a silent argument raged between them as to whether or not it was wise to reveal his identity.  Griffin shook his head at the creature’s stubbornness and said, “they will know soon enough.  This is important.”  Kimba snorted in disgust but dropped his disguise momentarily.  
Most of the others did not notice anything but the stranger’s eyes went wide, “you tell at least part of the truth.  Can I speak with him?”  
Griffin shook his head, “I do not know.  Not knowing what you are, I have no idea how you will interact with a unicorn’s mind.  I do know that as long as he remains in my service, he will not or cannot convey meaning mentally to others save through their own unicorns.”  
The man said, “I shall see what happens.”  He looked deeply into the eyes of the unicorn.  Kimba reared and snorted, unhappy with whatever had happened.  The man smiled, “I merely suggested to him that he abandon whatever desperate cause binds him to you and go about his own business.  He acts almost as if it would sully his honor.”  
Griffin said quietly, “you could ask nothing more treacherous of him.  Unicorns are faithful unto death and willingly trade their lives for ours though we would not have it so.  They are persistent however and we often have no choice in the matter.”  Kimba snorted as if adding his agreement to the statement.  
The stranger laughed, “if you have so faithful a friend, perhaps I have misjudged you and perhaps your entire people.  Though the behavior of the others makes me lean towards my old understanding.  It is obvious that it is of his own will that he submits to you.  There is no devilry in the mix.  I shall tell you that which you need to know.  You ask why I call your whole race betrayers?  Do you not know your own history?  But then I forget your lives are so short and that those who roam the earth today were not present in the beginning of time.  Perhaps it is wrong for us to hold each of you accountable when it was your forefathers who broke trust with the Master.  Do you not know it was your kind that slew the Master and forever broke the world from the path which the Master intended?”  
Griffin said quietly, “I know that story well.  I also know that it is not for you or any save the Master to judge such things.  Each man must choose whether he will follow the Master or his own path.  We are all guilty of that first horrible act, but it was also by the Master’s mercy and grace in such an hour that we may again find fellowship with Him.  He has not abandoned us to our just fate, but offers us redemption through the very blood that was spilt that night.  Each man faces that choice.  Yes the whole race is guilty of sins great and small, but if the Master is willing to forgive what right have you or any other to say that it is not enough?  Would you go against the Master Himself?”  
The stranger smiled, “my people would be greatly humbled by your words.  Since the dawn of time we have held men in contempt and disgust because of their betrayal but what right have we to think so when the Master died to remedy such things?  You are more learned and wise than I ever thought your kind could be.  You reason firmly, but gently.  And here I thought all men of the sword were mere thugs.  Now that you have taught me a great deal about the true lot of men I shall tell you more of my own people.”
He continued, “as you know, men are not the only creatures who roam the earth who are blessed with thinking minds.  Others include the dragons, the Forest People and your faithful friend.  One race that no man has ever yet encountered in such a way is my own people: the Akoni.  Each race is possessed with its own peculiar gifts, habits, and shortfalls.  The unicorns have their great hearts, noble minds, and various gifts of speed, disguise, and healing.  The Forest People are masters of illusion.  The dragons are terrible in power, great in mind, and long lived.  Men are thinkers and doers and choosers of their own fate.  The Akoni have keen minds, are extremely long lived (some of us are as old as the world itself and remember when it fell from perfection at the hands of men), and a gift for changing shape at will.”  
He let this last part sink in and continued, “lesser minds would call it magic but I think that you would understand that it is not magic as others understand magic.  Magic in the common sense is the gathering of power from dark sources by arcane rites that no man should dabble in.  This ability is no more magical than the unicorn’s ability to hide his identity or run at great speed without tiring.  It is not power summoned from the outside but something innate in the creature itself, a very gift of the Master.  None of us are magical creatures except in the sense that the Master made us and therefore each of us is a miracle in itself, something that my people must remember when we think about men in future.  Forgive our arrogance.”  
Griffin smiled, “forgive my ignorance as well.  What is your true form if your people are shape shifters?”   
The man smiled, “our common form is that of a bird of prey, a falcon in fact.  I assumed this shape only out of necessity.  We dwell in the far North to avoid such interactions as these men have brought upon us.  They have kidnapped my son and grievously injured my wife.  That is my claim in this matter and why I so desperately attacked their caravan.  If they get the little one into civilized country ere I free him I shall not see him again, and he shall grow up thinking himself a mere bird as you all assume him to be.”  
Griffin looked truly grieved, “I am sorry for their actions.  I shall rectify this matter immediately, though I must somehow do so without revealing your true identity.  I would assume you would not have it made known to others if it can be helped?”
The man smiled gratefully, “I thank you for your aid and your concern.  Why such attention to my plight?  Why do you seek justice for a stranger?  Why not just gang up on me with your own kind?  I see now why you have earned the trust of so noble a creature.”  
Griffin smiled ruefully, “I have earned nothing nor have I gained such piety by my own power.  All of my skills and talents are a gifting of the Master and it is His grace alone that allows me to use them in His service.  It is what he demands of those who would dedicate their lives to His service.  Thankfully He gives us the strength and humility to live up to His expectations and He is willing to forgive us if we slip.”  
“Who are you?” asked the man.  
“I am one of the Brethren,” said Griffin quietly.  
The man smiled, “we had heard of the Brethren, but thought them a myth or perhaps an attempt by men to pretend they still dwelt in the Master’s favor.  But you tell me that neither is the case?”  
Griffin smiled, “it seems we both have much to learn.  The Master founded the Brethren the morning after that fateful night in the Beginning.  That was also when unicorns first appeared.  Ever since, we have sought to uphold justice with mercy and love, defending the innocent and spreading the Truth.”  
“Are you born into such service?” asked the man.  
Griffin laughed, “no, it is a choice that must be made freely.  I once lived a very different life but even I was allowed to change my mind.”  
“How shall we confront the others?” asked the man.  
Griffin shook his head, “as one of the Brethren I have the right to judge this case, but I do not know how to do so without revealing you for what you are.  I would counsel that we ride for Astoria and let the Lady judge this strange situation.  There is no doubt that you have the right of it, but I cannot justify to these men why they cannot keep the prize for which half of them died.  The Lady may find a way to do so without revealing your secret.  She would doubtless like to know more of your people as well.”  The man looked nervous, but Griffin said, “you need not fear any of the Brethren.  We are sworn to the Master and cannot be treacherous save by breaking our Oath and that has dire consequences.  Do you see any other option?”
The man shook his head sadly, “I see no other choice save in slaying these men.”  
Griffin shook his head, “that is something I cannot do without a just cause.  Kidnapping would be a just cause but they know not what they have done.”  
The man laughed, “justice shall be done for all I see.  Even the criminals!”  
Griffin smiled, “in a way every man is guilty of something and thus are not we all criminals?  We are all in great need of the Master’s mercy and grace, not just the less desirable of the race.  Let us speak with our new friends.”  They walked back towards the group and everyone stood, hoping for some new direction in this peculiar situation.  Griffin said, “this man has a rightful claim to the chick and this case must be judged before the proper authorities.”  
“Are you mad?” scoffed the leader, “What claim can he possibly make that anyone would believe?  And who are you to judge?”  
Griffin smiled grimly, “I am one of the Brethren and in these lawless lands I have every right to act as a judge in this instance.  Should you dispute my decision you can appeal to the Lady of Astoria and she will hear your case.  I can judge this case right now but I doubt you would like my decision.  Your other option is to ride for Astoria.”  
The men looked at each other dubiously but it seemed they had little choice; the decision was made to go to Astoria.  The first order of business was to reorder how things worked within the little caravan.  The stranger was armed (he never did give his name, or perhaps his people did not use such conventions) with a sword and the other men were only allowed to have three men armed at a time.  Griffin happily found a spare saddle among the wagons and also an ample supply of food.  The men were not happy to share their provisions, but Griffin said they would be duly compensated once they reached Astoria and that they would also reach it much faster if the Brethren and the stranger were not forced to hunt for food along the way.  The stranger rode on the wagons or disappeared into the surrounding woods to hunt, but always managed to catch up or even get ahead of the others though he was on foot.  He took neither bow nor snare but often came back with rabbits, squirrels, or grouse.  It was his duty to tend to the chick, which thrived under his care.
They traveled along slowly, but gradually made their way east towards Astoria.  The men acted as if they wished to revolt but dared not under the ever-watchful eyes of the Brethren and the stranger, whose eyes pierced like a hawk.  Tia found great interest in talking with the stranger and he quietly shared with her what he had spoken of with Griffin.  He found both of the Brethren very friendly and knowledgeable in all manner of things; it was long since he found such enjoyable partners in conversation and it eased the tedium of the journey greatly on both sides.  The other men found little to enjoy in the journey and looked forward to its ending.  
One day as they traveled along, one of the men scouting ahead failed to return.  They pulled the wagons up and each man took hold of his sword.  Tia grinned like a maniac, sheathed her sword, and leapt from her saddle.  All but Griffin thought that she too had gone mad.  Out of the brush came an ordinary looking horse that walked directly up to Tia and made a great fuss over their meeting.  She swung into the empty saddle and vanished into the surrounding woods.  The other men glanced at each other nervously.
Griffin still gripped his sword, not in fear of enemies but of revolt.  When no danger appeared, the men saw that they were armed and out numbered their foes.  A light of mutiny rested in their eyes.  Suddenly all thought of rebellion vanished as the source of their original unease appeared.  Tia came riding back with two armed men at her side.  One held the reins of the scout’s horse and the unhappy scout bounced helplessly in the saddle like a child being led on a pony.  Griffin nodded to his comrades and smiled in delight.  The men were relieved of their weapons and none was allowed to go about armed after that little incident.
Not long after that a small dragon appeared in the sky, having seen the travelers (and being better at recognizing individual men than Nargath, Navith recognized the missing girl).  Not wishing to startle the horses, he settled in a clearing some distance from the company and waited patiently.  The Brethren exchanged concerned glances, the stranger watched in wonder, and the others cowered at the thought of facing a dragon.  Before the Brethren could decide how to proceed, two more of their comrades came riding out of the woods.  There was much excitement as all greeted one another warmly.  The situation was explained to all on both sides.
The two newcomers stayed to watch the nervous men while the other four Brethren and the stranger went in search of the dragon.  The stranger slipped into Kozak’s saddle behind Tia so as not to slow their pace.  He did not ride horses but would accept a willing ride from a unicorn.  The dragon looked absolutely terrified as the girl approached.  
She took pity on the poor creature; it is not easy to watch something as magnificent as a dragon cower in abject terror.  She said, “Navith, I have heard the tale behind my abduction and I would have you know I am not happy with your treatment of me or your lack of sense in this matter, but you are forgiven and I hope you have learned your lesson?”  
The dragon sat up and hope grew in his eyes, “I am deeply sorry for the pain I have caused you.  Be assured I shall not act in haste again.  Any decision this important should be carefully considered for at least a year and a day, if not a decade.”  The Brethren laughed in amusement while the stranger nodded as if this were only sensible.  One’s lifespan makes a great difference in what one considers haste!
Navith was sent to Astoria to inform the Lady of their coming and then went home satisfied.  The men did not dare protest about anything else after seeing the Brethren face down a dragon.  The rest of the journey was rather uneventful.  Traveling with horses and wagons was much slower than any of the Brethren were used to traveling on their own but soon enough they reached Astoria, where they hoped the wisdom of the Lady could prevail in the case where other minds could not find a solution.  The stranger had an excellent case, but how to present it without revealing his identity and that of his peculiar people?  They parked the wagons outside the city and carried the little crate containing the chick into the city.  Several of the hunters were left to guard the wagons from any unsavory characters that might dwell in the peculiar city.  
The leader and his second accompanied the Brethren and the stranger into the city proper, making their way towards the castle.  The three strangers were asked to disarm themselves and then all were allowed into the courtyard of the castle.  All save Dorn, Griffin, and Tia excused themselves, while the six that remained were escorted to the Lady.  The two hunters told their story and how they had overcome great odds to capture the little creature and hoped thus to make their fortune.  Griffin spoke for the stranger, saying that though the man had an excellent case he did not feel revealing such details in front of the hunters was a good idea.  The stranger would speak with the Lady privately however.  The hunters grumbled about unfair treatment and also demanded a private conference with the Lady.  She sighed but felt she must humor their request. 
The stranger went first, they withdrew to a small antechamber for the conference.  The revelations astounded her and she agreed completely that the Akoni had full claim to the chick. She then met with the hunters, heard again their same arguments, and received an attempted bribe, to which she replied, "this is not a matter of money but of justice.  I cannot be corrupted by such paltry attempts. You shall have my ruling presently; this audience is at an end."  
All gathered once more to hear the Lady's decision, and she said, "after hearing the testimony of the stranger, I am in no doubt that the chick is rightfully his, though I can offer no satisfactory explanation to the men who stole the creature because I am sworn to secrecy on this matter, but know that your case has been heard and an objective judgment has been given."  Fury raged silently in the hunters’ eyes, but they said nothing, and went to collect their wagons and their comrades.  They did not understand and it appeared they would be given no explanation at all.  Justice had been done but the losers felt that it had not been a fair hearing.  No good could come of their sense of thwarted justice.  
The Akoni bowed politely and then asked of the Lady, "I must return to my homeland but will need assistance in carrying the little one thence.  May I beg two of your men to accompany me on this journey?  It would be of great benefit to my people to speak with your learned servants."  
The Lady smiled, "I will gladly send two of my people with you.  It is a momentous day indeed when we discover more friends in a world we thought we knew fully.  I pray that one day there can be friendship betwixt our people.  May this serve as a sign of goodwill and peace between our two kindreds, and serve as the foundation for what I hope will become a mutual respect of one for the other.  May the Master ride with you." 


Chapter 7

Dorn and Griffin were assigned to accompany the Akoni to his homeland, far to the north in the Frigid Wastes, beyond even the Northern Wilds.  Few men ever went thither and far fewer ever returned.  It was a land of extreme weather and dangerous creatures.  It would be a treacherous journey, but there was no one more suited for such adventures than the Brethren. They spent the night in Astoria and left the following morning.  
Their main concern was how to transport the fledgling without the aid of a wagon or packhorse.  They wished to travel as swiftly as only a unicorn could, not wishing to face panicking horses should they come across one of the infamous predators that roamed the frigid wastelands.  Thankfully, the little creature was now big enough and strong enough that he could safely perch upon the saddlebags.  The Akoni also chose this method of travel.  He vanished for a moment and then suddenly reappeared in his proper form.  He startled his companions momentarily until they remembered the nature of his kind.  It was one thing to know and quite another to see.  
He flew ahead or scouted behind and came back only to rest upon the saddlebags of one or the other of his companions.  They talked much as they rode and all learned many things.  The weather grew rougher as they traveled north, but it was yet early enough in the summer that it was still somewhat hospitable.  As they traveled, the trees thinned and then failed completely: they found themselves on a great flat plain of endless grass.  Even the grass failed as they moved farther north, replaced by lichens and other plants that thrive in such habitat.  There was abundant game both small and large; many streams trickled happily south so water was never an issue.  The insects however made for a difficult journey.  The larger creatures that had a taste for blood could smell the unicorns and chose not to meddle with that particular prey, but the smaller vermin had no such qualms and feasted upon the men.  They had no taste for unicorn blood thus sparing the creatures, but this did not aid their riders in the least.  
One bright morning, with a bitter wind cutting through their clothes, the Akoni left his perch atop the baggage, circled far ahead, and returned joyfully saying, "we have finally come into my own country.  After recent happenings your kind might not be in high favor here, though men have never been particularly welcome.  I shall try and explain things to my kin ere we encounter them."  With that, he flew ahead in search of his people.  The others pushed ever northwards. 
The Akoni had not been gone long when a great raptor fell upon the two mounted men, swooping low and almost nicking their ears with his talons.  The thing gave a shrill cry and circled back.  It made as if to alight upon the ground but ere its feet touched, a great bear stood before them.  This was not one of the little black or brown creatures that so often make pests of themselves to lesser men, but one of the great monsters that live in wild places, standing twelve feet at the shoulder with claws that can tear a cow to shreds with one swipe.  The unicorns stopped (still looking for all the world like normal horses) and the Brethren prepared for battle, though they hoped it would not come to that.  
The creature roared, "what do you do here and with one of our own young ones?  Your kind is not welcome here, oh faithless and accursed ones.  You shall go no further.  None of your kind shall terrorize these lands again."  
"Wait!" shrieked their friend, swooping out of the clear blue sky, "You do not understand!  They are friends!"  
The great bruin laughed scornfully, "your journeys in the south have corrupted your mind.  We shall deal with that once I have settled with these trespassers."  The hulking monster approached with ominously slow footsteps; the Brethren put their hands to their sword hilts and prepared to draw.  The unicorns dropped their charade and faced the monster in all their terrible beauty.  The monster snarled, "what treachery is this?  You would enslave so noble a creature!  Will the evils of your kind never cease?"  The monster laughed deep in his throat, "I shall greatly enjoy this." 
The unicorns screamed a challenge as the creature inched closer and Kimba pawed the air.  Griffin was not sure which would prevail in such a contest, though only a fool engaged an enraged unicorn willingly.  But then only a fool fought with a bear such as this.  They backed the unicorns away from the monster but he pressed on; the unicorns were anxious to join battle. Griffin picked up the chick and handed him gently to his father, who had come up beside them in human form.  
He whispered, "I am sorry for this reception.  I had no idea such would be the manners of my people.  Perhaps I can yet prevent a tragedy."  
Griffin smiled sadly and said, "this is on his head and not yours.  Do not berate yourself for his actions.  We shall deal with this situation as we must."  
Their friend pleaded one last time with the monster, saying, "these men have risked their lives to save the little one and myself.  Would you slay them even so?"  
The monster laughed, "they do things for their own reasons.  I am sure they see some advantage in it and I will not allow our people to be exploited.  Back away, I do not wish you to be trampled.  You say they risked their lives?  Well, then I will not be disappointing them.  When one gambles with one's life one must not be disappointed when one loses."  
Clutching the chick, the Akoni backed to a safe distance and watched in horror as the drama unfolded before him.  Many other Akoni arrived upon the scene, anxious to see what had invaded the usual silence of their land.  They rejoiced at the return of the chick and his father, but were deeply offended that men again dared enter their country.  Many silently cheered for the bear though some thought he was going too far.  A simple warning and a great fright would drive the intruders away forever.  The Akoni quickly told his story and many were suddenly curious and grieved by the strangers, perhaps they had been too harsh on humanity, but then virtue in a few does not erase the sins of an entire race.  No, things were as they must be. 
All of this passed in moments, while the monster was approaching ever closer.  The Brethren had no choice but to stand and fight.  The thing would not be reasoned with and if they ran, it would easily chase them down and destroy them in their flight.  His size and deliberate approach hid the creature's speed and strength.  When he was almost upon them, he lunged with such power and quickness that neither man nor unicorn had time to react before his first stroke fell and he retreated out of range of hooves, horns, and teeth ere his foes could respond.  His great paw came up with its terrible claws and swept Dorn out of his saddle.  Before Griffin could act, the creature caught him with the other great forearm and he too fell to the ground in a crumpled heap.  The unicorns were enraged at the creature and stood over their fallen riders, pawing the air, screaming their fury, shaking their heads, and rolling their eyes.  They dared the brute to come at them once more.  But he had no interest in killing the unicorns and spoke to them of their newfound freedom and the debt of gratitude which he was owed.  They continued in their rage and did not heed his words. 

Griffin saw Dorn crumple from his saddle and was ravaged by the monster in turn before he knew what was happening.  His mangled form fell to the ground.  Momentarily dazed from the fall, he shook his head and stood, reaching for his sword.  Only then did he realize that the monster had withdrawn and had not fallen upon them to finish the job.  Dorn stood beside him, looking stunned for some reason.  Then Griffin glanced down and noticed that at his feet lay his own body.  Had he not known it had been a man, he might not have recognized it as such.  
Dorn said quietly, "I think we are dead."  
Griffin could not help but laugh at this absurd statement of the obvious, "that is evidently the case my friend.  The greater question is why do we yet linger in mortal lands.  Why have we not gone home?  I see no lesser demons that require vanquishing at the moment.  Why then do we remain?"  
"A very good question," snarled the bear, "you dare aspire to eternity?  I shall see that your very souls are unraveled, if you can even call them souls.  You are but a step above the unthinking beasts or perhaps below, as no beast has ever committed the treachery of which your kind stands guilty."  
"They can see us!" said Dorn, glancing around at the gathered Akoni and the bear.  
"It seems they can," said Griffin, "but how?" 
The bear laughed coldly, "fools!  We have mortal bodies that can be slain, but our souls are blessed with endless life unless we are physically killed.  Our eyes are not blind to eternal things, such as the eyes of your pathetic race.  I shall end this once and for all."  As he approached, the unicorns went mad with rage. 
"The unicorns!" gasped Dorn, "They cannot hear or see us and are yet trapped in time.  They need not die alongside us.  Is there no way to stop them from doing something foolish?"  
Their friend among the Akoni looked at them miserably, "I have failed you in other matters but perhaps I can aid you in this one.  I shall let them see through my eyes."  He shrieked in his birdlike voice, and for a moment all eyes focused on his, including the unicorns’.  He met their gaze and fed into their minds the things that his timeless gaze could see.  They snorted in confusion and then delight to realize their masters stood nearby, the bear was momentarily forgotten.  Kimba tried to nuzzle Griffin but his nose went straight through him.  He snorted in disgust and glared at the man, as if he were playing some trick. 
Griffin smiled sadly at the disappointed creature and said, "you are yet among the living my friend, and we have passed beyond time.  You shall follow some day, but let it not be today.  Do not die in vain.  Go home and find another rider.  We are beyond such things and it would grieve us to have you die without cause."  Both of the creatures looked at their former masters sadly but nodded their heads in reluctant agreement.  They would do nothing foolish but neither would they retreat while their masters yet lingered among the living.  They eyed the bear malevolently, occasionally stamping a foot or swishing their tails in displeasure, but made no move to assault the fell creature.  
He laughed again as he approached the two Brethren, "such a nice little chat.  Whatever witchery has enslaved these noble creatures shall soon be at an end.  As will you."  
Their friend squawked, "you fool!  Have you not wrought enough wanton destruction this day?  It is not sorcery but love that binds the creatures to the men.  Can you not see it?  Faithful until death, and even after it seems, it is the way of their kind!"  Neither of the Brethren blinked as the great claws came sweeping towards them once more.  They passed harmlessly through the men like a cat pawing at sunbeams.  
The bear looked at them in confusion, "it cannot be."  
Griffin smiled, "we are beyond your reach.  You are trapped in a mortal body that is yet trapped in time.  We are beyond time.  No matter what you can see, you cannot touch the eternal."  The creature growled at them and tried a few more futile swipes but could touch neither of the men.  The unicorns whinnied in triumph and amusement but swiftly fell silent. 
A presence descended upon the crowd like a late summer sun breaking through the bleak clouds of midwinter.  "What have you done?" asked a great voice with grief enough to rend the very heart of the world.  All save the bear and the chick went to one knee with a bowed head (or the nearest anatomical equivalent depending upon the species).  The bear stood tall and stared at the approaching figure with a triumphant grin.  The chick squawked in delight and ran in a stumbling, wobbly gait for which his little form was not made.  The Master paused in mid-stride and nuzzled the little creature with delight before continuing His approach.  The chick wobbled joyously back to its gaping father.  "What have you done?" asked the Great Unicorn of the bear, with a voice quiet and serious as death.  
The bear looked the Master in the eye and said proudly, "I have dispensed justice my lord."  
The Master shook his head in disgust, "what justice is there in murder?"  
The bear grinned insolently, saying, "who can call it murder to slaughter a cow or a sheep, let alone something less than either?"  
"You dare call a soul for which I shed My very blood something less than a beast?" asked the Master quietly.  
"It is they that shed your blood, sir," said the confused bear, "do not each of them deserve such a fate?"  
"It is not yours to judge but Mine," said the Master, "could they do ought to Me that I did not allow?  When that vile act took place the world was rent and mankind fell, but is it not My blood that can mend the tear if only they choose to seek Me?  Would I die for something I did not count more precious than My own life?  Would you destroy such a treasure out of foolish pride?  Is your judgment greater than I that made you?"  
"I do not understand," said the bear, "they are guilty of murdering you, their creator, yet you are not angry with them?  How could such a creature be worthy of mercy or grace?  The Akoni have committed no such sins and stand above all other creatures in our faithfulness to you.  Should we not have some say in this matter?  We who are blessed with near immortality and keen minds beyond human dreaming?  We who could be gods to lesser souls!  Are we not here to judge the less noble creatures?" 
The Master shook His head sadly, "you would take the gifts I gave you and use them to belittle your fellow beings?  I gave you those gifts to serve others, who are perhaps less wise or less farsighted, not to subjugate them or raise yourselves to a level that no one but I, your Maker can attain.  Man's fatal sin was pride, no matter the consequences or form it took in the end.  He thought himself equal to his Creator, and the world and he himself fell in consequence.  You and your kind are as guilty of that sin as is all mankind.  It may not have been your kind that handled the knife that fateful night but each of you is just as guilty of shedding My blood as any man.  But My grace and sacrifice are for you as well as they.  If there were only one hapless soul among all creation I would yet have died to offer it a chance at life anew.  Who are you to judge anything?  You are as broken as any other creature and as much in need of My mercy.  You would rise to sit in My place?  I think not, there is only one Master and that is I and I alone." 
"But the Akoni are far greater than any other creature you have made!" said the bear doggedly, "Surely we have a higher place in your favor than all the myriad of lesser beings.  We deserve the honor that is due us."  
The Master shook his head with great sadness, "you still will not see. You would do well to listen to these my servants and also your kin returned from the south.  It is humility that I seek and your race has fallen ever deeper into pride.  Such is your pride that you would destroy two lives before ever you knew them.  Unless your pride is soon remedied, your whole race shall come to naught: it shall utterly destroy you.  I have tried to reason with you, to call you back to Myself, but you will not listen.  You are blinded by your arrogance, therefore I will do what I must to gain your attention.  You shall be forced to dwell among those you utterly despise because I have not gifted their race as I have gifted yours, and because you feel they are guilty of evils in which you have no part.  You fail to look beyond their evils and see the wandering souls that are each so precious in My sight.  I would save each one if I could but each must choose their own path, I will not force My will upon them.  You are as lost as any of them and this is the only way to gain your attention.  Farewell, and remember My words if you can.  Listen to the words of My servants and despair not, for you shall still be able to find Me, if you wish it." 
The bear suddenly found himself trapped in a human form, and when he willed himself into any other shape nothing happened: he had become what he most despised.  He looked around at all his kin and saw deep disgust and disdain in their eyes, for there was never any pity found in the eyes of a raptor.  He did the only thing he could and sat upon the ground and wept.  He could no longer see the Master nor the two slain men.  
The Master then turned His attention upon His two human servants, who still knelt before Him.  He smiled gently and said, "you yet linger in mortal lands because I have not yet called you home.  A lesson was needed so I allowed this grievous thing to occur.  I shall restore you to your mortal forms, and while you recover here you must teach this stubborn people what it means to truly serve Me.  This however is no guarantee that when next you fall I shall spare your lives."  
Griffin nodded and said, "in life or death, we are Yours, and demand nothing of You save that which You have promised."  
The Master smiled and said, "then you shall do very well.  Farewell My dear ones, until we meet again."  
Suddenly, the Master was gone, as were the mangled forms of the two fallen men.  Griffin and Dorn both knelt where they had been kneeling, but both drew breath and the unicorns could nuzzle them to their hearts’ content.  They smiled at one another and embraced their ecstatic mounts.  The former Akoni still trembled upon the ground, weeping inconsolably. 


Chapter 8

Griffin dug around in his saddlebags until he found a change of clothing and handed it to the sobbing man, who wore absolutely nothing.  "You shall need these," said he softly, "or these insects shall drain you dry."  
The man kept his head down and did not cease his wailing, "I am a despised and forsaken form.  Be gone from me and let me die in peace.  It is all that is left to me."  
Dorn sighed and said, "you are not despised or forsaken.  What you are is pathetic.  Did you not hear the Master say that you could find Him if you sought Him?  That does not happen to those He forsakes.  I do not think that He will forsake anyone, save by their own choice.  And you still have that choice."  
The man was growing angry, which was a pleasant change from his ongoing despair.  He said, "I am now trapped in this ridiculous form!  What am I to do?  My life is over."  
Griffin said, "do not be ridiculous, had the Master wished you dead or nonexistent, He could have willed it.  And there is nothing particularly wrong with your current form, some of us have been this way all our lives and are still sensible people.  What does your physical form matter?  The Master's real interest is in your heart.  Yes, your life has been turned upside down, but it is not at an end but merely a new beginning.  The Master did not do this primarily as a form of punishment, though that is certainly part of the reason.  The main reason is that He wants you dedicated to Him with your whole heart, and in your previous form you would not bow to such demands.  Would you lose your soul to regain your former life?  Take the hint and examine your heart.  But fear not that you are alone."  
The man looked taken aback, "I killed you without provocation and you act as if you care about me?  And it is not just about my physical or emotional comfort but also my eternal fate about which you care.  Why?" 
Griffin shrugged, "it is who we are and it is what we do.  Our lives are sworn in service to the Master and His concerns are our concerns; He is concerned with the fate of every soul, no matter how great or small it seems to us." 
"Can I truly embrace the Master even after all I have done?" asked the man.  
Griffin grinned ruefully, "I once forsook Him and all He stood for yet He still welcomed me into His service.  You have not done something that terrible, besides He said Himself that you could yet seek Him.  But it must be done in humility and firmness of heart, not in pride or in hope of selfish gain."  
The man nodded dully and began fumbling with the clothes, not quite sure how to manipulate the things, as he had never worn them before.  Dorn tried to assist him, but it was worse with two than with one.  It would come with time.  The man grinned, "it seems I have much to learn.  What of my future?  Am I completely lost to my people?  This is no place for a man in the winter and hardly a place for him in the summer."  
Their friend among the Akoni approached, and much to the horror of his kin, embraced the two strange men.  He smiled and said, "I am glad you are back and that I have not led you both into tragedy."  
The other man looked dejectedly at the ground but Griffin said, "fear not your past.  We will not hold it against you.  Nor will the Master, if you truly repent."  
The man smiled hopefully and said, "I have greatly misjudged everything and offer my apologies to you and the Master Himself.  I have never sought forgiveness before but it feels the right thing to do."  He held his hand out towards his former kinsman and the other shook it firmly in the manner they knew men used.  
The other did not stop there and drew him into a long hug, saying, "we shall miss you, for you can no longer dwell among us, but perhaps we shall visit and then there is all eternity for such things when all else has ended." 
Griffin had to sit down, and Dorn soon joined him.  Being dead was extremely hard on the body; it would be weeks before they were fit to travel.  Seeing their exhaustion, their friend leapt into action and began calling out to his astonished relatives various orders to see to the comfort of their guests.  Soon they sat before a roaring fire with various types of food before them (the Akoni were not exactly sure what humans ate so offered many things).  The former Akoni also joined them, since he did not know exactly what his place now was, neither did his former kin.  
All were still suspicious of the humans, but their curiosity was also great.  They were starting to see that the hairless bipeds were not the mental pygmies and slobbering barbarians they had once thought.  There was joy, wisdom, and humor in their faces and words and this drew their attention.  It had also made a great impact upon them that the Master Himself would call them beloved.  Who would dare despise that which the Master loved?  They glanced at their former kinsman as an object lessen in humility and their hearts began to soften and their minds to open to these strangers from the south.  The devotion of the unicorns also warmed their hearts and eased their minds.  If such noble creatures could love the humans, could they be as bad as rumor held them?  The two Brethren stayed among the Akoni for several weeks until they felt strong enough to attempt the journey back. 
After their initial hesitation, like their friend, they found the whole bunch ravenous for information and soon there was much to be learned on both sides from their newfound friends. The Brethren spoke long on the history of mankind as it pertained to the Brethren, of the Truth, and all that the Master had revealed to them and bid them pass on to all who would listen.  It was a sad parting for all when it was finally time to leave, but the men longed to again be among their own kind.  The Akoni were friendly and obliging (once they got past their prejudice) but their habitations and habits were far different from those of men.  
In a way, the newly minted man also longed for others of his kind.  It seemed he was human in heart now as well as in form.  His kindred wished him well but a great chasm had been rent betwixt them that might never be crossed.  He was not of their kind any longer and must find his own place among his new people.  Though his heart ached at parting from his family and friends, his heart also knew that this was no longer his home.  The unicorns were reluctant to carry the man after his dealings with their masters, but when Griffin suggested that the only alternative was that they all walk the creatures indignantly submitted. 
They took turns riding double and were soon well on their way south.  Their friend had been reunited with his wife, now healed of her injuries, and she was overjoyed to see her son and husband again.  She was also deeply grateful for the help the humans had been to her family.  She adopted them immediately as her own kin and no one could convince her otherwise.  She wanted to go with them as they traveled south, but she was needed at home.  Her husband promised to visit Astoria soon and perhaps some sort of communication could begin between the Akoni and the rest of the world.  Never had so radical a change happened to a whole people in so short a time.  They saw the error of their ways and soon turned wholeheartedly to the Master's service.  They were still cautious around strangers but no longer considered other creatures less than themselves nor aspired to ascend on high and challenge the Master Himself for rule of creation.  They became quite content about themselves and their lot and their days became filled with the peace and joy only such contentment can bring.  
One day as they rode south, Griffin said to the new man, "you need a name."  
"A name?" asked the man, "Why?  Among my own people we are so few that everyone already knows you."  
Dorn laughed, "we are much more numerous than you might believe.  We need names to tell one another apart."  
"What shall I call myself?" asked the man, "I have never named anything before."  
Griffin looked thoughtful, "I remember a legend of a man called Adrian, who left his own people in pursuit of whatever the Master had in store for his life.  The details have faded with time, but I think perhaps they do not matter so much in this instance.  What do you think?"  
The man smiled and said, "I shall be called Adrian then."  The others smiled and they rode on, ever towards home. 
The miles passed quickly beneath the hooves of the unicorns and time did as well in their shared camaraderie.  Adrian began to learn what it was to be human.  He had much to learn from the simple task of dressing to the more complicated dance of interacting with his fellow men.  He knew of humans but did not know humans.  Now he was learning what it meant to be one of them.  He had so many questions that there was not time enough to answer them all even with the long journey back.  Who would think that creatures he once thought hardly worthy of living could be so complicated?  He had badly misjudged and now bore the penalty for his arrogance with a humbled heart and unknown future.  As they approached Astoria, the Brethren thought it advisable to introduce their new friend to more normal human society ere they reached Astoria and its more peculiar habits.  The man had never been in the company of normal men and it would do him good to see all shades of human character ere he entombed himself in Astoria.  
They stopped at the inn in Waymeet of an evening and were quite curious to see how things would progress.  It was a rather dull evening as far as evenings go, and at this particular inn most evenings were of that particular sort.  They sat at a table and talked quietly.  Adrian watched the other patrons with something bordering on awe and fear.  He especially goggled at the serving girls; he had never met a female of the human persuasion and found them curiously charming and mysterious all at the same time.  
Griffin leaned over and said, "whatever your species, the female is always a source of constant joy and confusion."  
Adrian returned his smile and said, "in eight thousand years I never married because I could never understand women.  It seems I am doomed once more to the same fate.  Can anyone discover the mystery of why they perplex us so?"  
Dorn laughed, "if you cannot do it in eight millennia what makes you think a few centuries will do the trick?  I think only the Master can understand them, as He is the one that made them.  A blessing and a boggle to the minds of men!"  
As the evening progressed, Griffin kept glancing at one drunken man who sat off by himself and kept gazing hopefully into his mug, as if he still hoped to find some small drop that he had missed.  His clothes were ragged, his face unshaven and used to hard wear.  He was a man who gave his every penny to the bottle in hopes of forgetting some grievous memory or for a moment losing all awareness of the world about him.  Griffin stood and walked over, taking a seat across from the desperate man.  Dorn and Adrian watched curiously.  The man started when he realized he had a visitor, as if Griffin had suddenly appeared out of the air before him. 
The stranger reached desperately for the sword that was not there. He had long ago sold it to buy wine and cheap ale.  He looked afraid and ready to fight with his bare hands if necessary, if only his adversary would quit appearing as two different images and decide which was truly himself.  
"Easy Guelph," said Griffin gently.  
The man knew his name, he squinted and the face looked vaguely familiar.  As if from a great distance a name came.  "Griffin?" slurred the drunk, "Come to kill me have you?"  
Griffin shook his head and laughed, "nay my friend.  I have not come to kill you or drag you back to the Brotherhood.  I also have abandoned that calling.  What happened?"  
"How did you know?" asked the cautious Guelph.  
Griffin shook his head, "I doubt an esteemed agent of the Brotherhood would be sitting in an ale house without a coin to his name, hoping to drown himself in a cup.  Also, you no longer reek of evil."  
Guelph's mind was fuzzy enough that he did not think to ask what that last statement meant but said, "what happened you ask?  I shall tell you.  Colin is what happened, drat the man!  I was content, or at least contentedly numb, until he tracked me down and told me his little story.  I tried to chase his words away but they have been flitting through my head like a weasel in a chicken coop, forever rousing thoughts and feelings that I had long since put to rest.  I could no longer bear to associate myself with the Brotherhood after my encounters with him but I had nowhere else to go.  I climbed into a bottle and have not come back out.  The things I have to forget!  And nothing to distract me or engage my mind; you seem to be doing much better.  What of you?" 
Griffin grinned ruefully, "he found me too.  Unlike you, I have found a purpose and a direction.  It is one thing to abandon an ill-chosen course in life but quite another to forget the terrible past and find a purpose for the future.  Bad memories and too much idle time are a poor combination.  Why not come with me and see if you cannot discover something better than the pathetic existence into which you have tried to escape?"  
"Come with you where?" asked the drunken man.  
Griffin smiled, "Astoria."  
"What!" squawked the man, "Have you lost your mind?  Look what they did to Colin.  I will kill the man if ever I get the chance."  
Griffin was quiet for a moment and said, "I have not lost my mind but found my heart.  Look what it did to him!  He became the man he ever should have been.  I knew none so honorable and it was a joy to serve with him."  
"Knew?" asked Guelph.  
Griffin said, "you will not have to kill him.  He was slain some months ago."  
Guelph gaped, "I did not mean that in a literal sense you know?"  
Griffin nodded, "come with me then.  The least it will get you is a few days with a warm bed and some good food.  You have nothing to fear in a visit."  
"Would they even consider taking in such as I?" asked Guelph.  
Griffin grinned, "they took me, Trap, and Colin.  The Master is much more forgiving than we were led to believe." 
Guelph nodded and said, "it will be as you say.  I am out of money and have nowhere else to go and naught else to do.  But I make no promises."  Griffin stood and steadied the man as he staggered towards the table shared by Dorn and Adrian.  The three were introduced and the strange party sat in silence until it was time to go to bed.  
Adrian leant over and whispered to Griffin, as he stared at the man, who snored loudly across the table from him, "what is wrong with him?"  
Griffin smiled sadly, "it is called drunkenness.  Men who lack fortitude or purpose or who have terrible memories to escape oftentimes hide from the world by consuming copious amounts of alcohol and thus numbing their senses.  It is not an agreeable state."  
Adrian smiled, saying, "I shall remember this.  I pity the man however.  Is there aught I can do to ease his pain?"  
Griffin said, "he needs friends.  He has an evil past that haunts him and there is little of good to be found by the likes of him in this cold world, save in the comfort of another's company.  Though I fear tomorrow he will not be much in the mood for anything save his bed.  Drunkenness has its costs."  
Adrian nodded, "I shall remember that as well."  The now somber party went to their beds, the three literally carrying the one.  They awoke later than they had hoped, but Guelph was still not ready to travel.  They stayed another night and patiently nursed the man along.  By the following morning he was fit to ride, but it seemed he had also pawned his horse.  The unicorns were reluctant to take on yet another passenger but as that was the only option they obliged their persistent masters. 
Each unicorn bore two riders, but they still could easily outdistance a mortal horse.  They reached Astoria without further incident.  The guards upon the gates smiled in amusement as the two Brethren rode in with their passengers but said nothing.  The guards at the castle gates reacted in similar fashion.  It was not often a unicorn would bear any but their master.  It was a strange sight indeed and surely these must be men of high calling!  The Lady finished with her present duties and then summoned the four, if only out of dire curiosity.  Guelph was overawed and a little anxious to be in the presence of so legendary a personage as the Lady of Astoria, though the legends came from countless women who had filled that role through time immemorial and not just the current Lady herself.  
She was gladdened to hear of Colin's success in reaching the man's heart though she was not pleased at what he had chosen to do with his new grasp on life.  She did however pity the man and said gently, "you have lost much and have found nothing to take its place.  Reside here as long as you wish.  As long as you abide by our rules you may stay as long as you like or go at your own choosing.  If you would care to join us at some point, you are also free to do so but there is no requirement of such."  The man smiled gratefully as the servant led him away to find food and lodgings. 
Then she turned her attention to the three yet before her, "welcome home.  You have been away long.  How went your adventure and who is your strange companion?"  
The two Brethren exchanged a look that asked if it was wise to tell the whole tale lest it grieve the Lady but they also knew that they had no choice.  Griffin began the tale and the Lady smiled broadly to learn that both father and son had been reunited safely with their people.  Griffin finished with, "perhaps I shall let our companion speak for himself and tell all that happened in that strange country."  
Adrian looked nervous but saw the necessity and said, "with all respect Lady, I shall tell the tale as best I am able.  I stand before you a man but not long ago was numbered among the Akoni."  Utter astonishment greeted this revelation and he continued his story.  He finished and she stared at him in amazement and disbelief.  
All she could say was, "I see."  It was not often she was stunned into silence.  
Adrian continued, "if you would have me Lady, I offer you my service."  
She was stunned once more but managed to say, "you have not been a man long enough to know that that is what you might wish to make of your life.  The Oath is not something taken in haste.  It is a decision that must be made deliberately and with your whole heart."
Adrian grinned, "in my former life a century was not long enough to take in deliberation lest one be considered hasty.  I fear in my new form that I shall not live long enough to accomplish such a feat thus I must be hasty.  I have been among your servants long enough to know that I want no other life.  It is also for pride's sake that I find myself in my present condition thus it was the only way to teach me true humility and thereby may I finally seek the Master with all my heart.  I wish no other life or service; all else is but wasted effort and vain."  
The Lady smiled warmly, "truly spoken.  You have my leave to participate in the Oath-taking that shall occur in one week's time.  In that time I ask that you carefully explore all else that life has to offer and make sure of your choice."  
Adrian smiled, "I shall my Lady."  
They made their bows and retreated from her presence.  She stared into the emptiness and mused that just when she thought she had seen everything, something new always managed to take her by complete surprise.  The days passed and Adrian found nothing to satisfy the yearnings of his heart but the thought of joining the Brethren and so he did.  The weeks passed and he absorbed everything his teachers had to share with him.  He was completely immersed in his new life.  Having spent a week in Astoria, Guelph found himself weakening each day to its voiceless call that demanded he make something of his life.  Finally, the very morning the Oath-taking was to commence, he sought an audience with the Lady and was allowed to participate as well.  He too had finally come home. 


Chapter 9

One night, Adrian stood at the window of the small room he temporarily shared with Dorn and Griffin.  The moon was full overhead and cast the world into strange patterns of pale light and deepest shadow.  He yearned once more to stretch his wings and tread the paths of the sky.  He had acclimated to his new life with surprising ease and great joy, but some part of his heart yet belonged to the sky: to the vast and empty distances in which freedom dwelt.  His heart could soar with eagles, but his body was planted firmly upon the earth.  It was the one small regret he yet bore from his past life.  He hoped it would not be a sorrow that forever haunted his heart but he doubted such yearnings would dim with the passing years; it was something innate within his being and such things did not fade like other memories did.  He turned from his silent reverie only to notice that he was perched upon the windowsill and that his feet no longer touched the floor.  He found himself in the form of a sparrow hawk, a Kestrel, the least of all hawks.  It was enough.  
With a shrill shriek of sheer joy, he flung himself out the window and into the dark night air.  His small form clove the skies like a fish the sea.  He felt like a man deprived of air taking a long, deep breath.  He felt himself once more.  After no small time he alighted by a small pool in the deeps of the forest.  The moon was bright upon the water and its coolness was inviting.  He took a few draughts and then splashed in the shallows in the manner of birds.  He shook the few remaining drops from his feathers as something drew his gaze to the moon's bright reflection.  He saw there a unicorn's head instead.  He glanced behind him and saw the patient creature standing as if it waited his pleasure.  Could it be that this was his own unicorn?  Could such a noble heart be pleased to serve such as he?  He glanced once more at the reflection in the water and noticed that the beast reflected there was not the image of the creature behind him.  He looked once more upon the Master, if only in a shimmering vision upon the water.  He covered himself with his wings in abject fear.  
But the image said, "fear not little one, for you have learned that which you must.  You need have no fear in My presence as long as you remain faithful to Me in all things.  If you fall I shall be here to catch you and set you back upon your feet.  There is always hope in My presence.  You cannot be what you once were, but I have given back a small part of what you have lost.  You may take this form again at times of your choosing, but you are still counted a man.  Use your gift well in My service.  Farewell."  The quivering little bird would have smiled if he could.  He had found his wings again but more importantly he had truly found the Master. 
He glanced back and the unicorn still stood patiently, unconcerned that he seemed to be waiting the pleasure of a slightly soggy bird.  He flew up and perched upon the creature's great horn.  He shook his head in irritation as Adrian took to the air once more and landed upon the ground.  How to approach the creature?  Then it occurred to him that unicorns and birds did not interact very well but perhaps men were another matter.  Almost cautiously he willed himself back into human form and found himself once more a man sitting naked upon the deep moss that cushioned the forest floor.  Unicorns care nothing for human notions of fashion or decency and a naked man was of no great concern to them, any more than a clothed one.  The creature approached his now recognizable master and nuzzled him gently.  They would not be parted by anything less than death (or betrayal) and even then, that was but a small hindrance on the road to eternity.  
Adrian climbed onto the unicorn's back and together they ran through the moonlit wood.  He knew little of horsemanship and the creature seemed to understand that he had neither skill nor saddle so was careful to keep the man safely upon his back.  The night was growing old and the moon had fled by the time they approached Astoria.  Unwilling to be found unclothed by his comrades (who undoubtedly cared more for such improprieties than unicorns) he bid farewell to his new found companion and winged his way back to his room.  He perched upon the window ledge and surveyed the empty room, strange that the others were up at so early an hour.  Then the thought crashed into his mind that perhaps they had wakened with his shrill shriek upon his departure and woke to find him gone.  He quickly scrambled into some clothes and went in search of anyone who might be anxious over the manner in which he had disappeared.
A relieved Griffin found him some minutes later and said, "where have you been?  We awoke to a great shriek and found no trace of you, save your clothes in a heap by the window.  The whole keep is being turned upside down as we speak!" 
Adrian blushed at the havoc he had inadvertently caused saying, "is the Lady awake?  I must speak with her immediately if she is up, else it can keep until morning."  
Griffin had hoped for more of an explanation but saw one was not likely forthcoming, saying, "she is awake.  How could she sleep when one of her servants has gone missing in such a strange fashion?  Let us go to her and put her fears to rest."  Adrian followed like an obedient child.  
The Lady was both relieved and perturbed at the appearance of her missing servant, "where have you been?  We have been scouring the castle for hours."  Griffin made his bows and then left to call off the harried search.  Adrian shifted restlessly from foot to foot and looked thoroughly chastened.  The Lady moderated her tone to a more gentle voice and said, "we have been greatly upset by the suddenness of your departure.  We are not angry, only fearful of your safety.  What happened?" Adrian smiled sheepishly and told his tale.  Again she was shocked into silence; he had a strange knack for doing that it seemed.  "These are strange tidings indeed," said she, "if you have this gift you must know I shall put it to use as much as any other talent my servants possess be it singing or archery."  
Adrian bowed in acknowledgement, "my life and my skills are ever at your service Lady."  
She smiled again saying, "next time you choose to disappear, do so without waking the whole castle."  He blushed once more, but no longer felt mortified. 
Not too long after Adrian had bowed himself out, a servant come running to her door and begged an audience for the High Chancellor of the Academy and Lord Penivel of Arca.  “At this hour?” asked the Lady, glancing out the window at the not yet risen sun, “apparently they wish to catch me off guard.  Send them in.”  
The servant bowed and ran back to the gates to find his charges.  The Lady sighed as she prepared to meet her guests; the day had not even officially begun and it had already been filled with wonders.  The two men were startled to learn that they would be seen immediately; the Lady must keep strange hours indeed to be ready to meet guests of state at this time of day.  They had arrived last evening, taken a room at an inn, and then left very early in hopes of taking the Lady by surprise.  They entered the chamber and made their minimal bows.  Without introduction or greeting the Chancellor began immediately.  The Lady took his lack of decorum in stride and said nothing.  
Raye said, “Lady we have journeyed hence in hopes of putting our minds at ease upon two matters.  We fear the purported justice of the Brethren has come to naught and that perhaps the day has come for cooler heads and more learned minds to prevail.  The first matter involves some fortune hunters who traveled into the Frigid Wastes some months ago in hopes of capturing the rarest of birds.  They succeeded but not without forfeiting the lives of half their party.  The young bird, which they took as rightfully their own, was then given into the custody of an absolute stranger for no apparent reason.  We have come to see why justice was not done in this matter.”  
The Lady smiled blandly saying, “I shall summon a witness on this matter who can tell the story better than I.”  She waved her attending servant over and said, “please find Adrian and bring him here.”  The servant bowed and vanished.  “And what is your other complaint?” asked she.  
Lord Penivel cleared his throat and said, “I have come to lay claim to the daughter you stole from me.”  
The Lady looked surprised, but summoned another servant and said, “have Tia waked if she is not already up.  This matter pertains to her above any of us.  She is to wait until summoned but make sure she is ready for an audience.”  The woman bowed and disappeared into the corridor.
Adrian had not gone far when the servant overtook him and summoned him back into the Lady’s presence.  Wondering if she had suddenly remembered something, he followed quietly.  He made his bows and was surprised to find two strangers, apparently important men by their clothes and attitudes, attending her at this hour.  
She briefly welcomed him and then said, “these men come from Arca with complaints that the Brethren have failed in dispensing justice on behalf of others.  Their primary complaint is that in the incident involving the fledgling some months ago, justice was not done on the part of the hunters.  They claim we have stolen their rightful quarry from them.  Is this not so?”  
Penivel nodded proudly and said, “and they demand the bird back or its full value in restitution.”  
Adrian looked aghast at such a thought and said, “and what would you have of me Lady?”  
The Lady smiled, “since this involves a secret that I was not at the time able to divulge I thought perhaps I could ask you if the time has come for at least a few to learn of things that none but myself and a few others are aware: namely the existence of your people.”  
Adrian looked thoughtful and said, “perhaps the time has come for such things.  Perhaps it should have occurred long ago and then these raids into the North would be a thing of the past.  Long have we dwelt where no one but fortune hunters dare come and then only in search of our young ones.”  
“What are you saying?” demanded the Chancellor, “Are you saying that this man lives in the Frigid Wastes and that his people lay claim to all that abides there?  The hunters reported that they met no men save themselves.”  
Adrian looked at them with the intensity of a raptor and said, “people do live there though not in great number and not in any form you would recognize.  My people have dwelt there since time first began and the world with it.  These men did not steal a mere bird but a sapient creature.  The man into whose keeping it was eventually given was its father.”  
Both of the men looked flabbergasted.  Penivel said, “how can a man be father to a bird?”  
Adrian smiled, “he is no man.  My people are called the Akoni and their true form is that of what you call the Snow Falcon but they are shape shifters and can take any physical form they choose, including human.”  The men looked amazed and skeptical.  
The Lady said, “as you can see I chose not to share this information with your hunters.  This was the first I had ever heard of these peculiar people, and I did not feel privileged to share that knowledge with the world just then.  Some of these men have been encountered by my people before: when last they met they had just been discouraged from trying to capture unicorns, which they also held to be nothing more than mere beasts.  This is the second time their lives have been spared from the usual penalty handed out to those dealing in slavery.  I think they should be grateful for such mercy though in both cases they were unaware of their crimes until afterwards.”  The men still gaped but collected themselves rather quickly.  
Raye said, “have you any proof of such things?  This is a rather strange claim.  I know the Brethren are purported to be unable to lie without breaking Oath but this man (or whatever he is) seems to have no such restrictions.  Perhaps you can allow him to lie for you?”  
Adrian reached for his sword, only a few weeks in Astoria and he had already become as protective of the Lady as all the other Brethren.  She laid a hand on his arm and said, “you are my proof should you wish to show them, but I will leave that to you.  Forget my honor for a moment.  You are as bad as the rest!”  She said this with a warmth that touched his heart and he knew she said it out of an amused fondness rather than anger.  
He bowed formally and said, “if it may aid you and they swear themselves to secrecy I will do as they wish.”  He gazed upon them again with his far too keen eyes and said, “nothing that you have seen or heard this day must leave this room or be spoken of amongst yourselves or others.  Do you so swear?”  Wishing desperately to know what proof the man would show they both nodded eagerly.  “Very well,” said Adrian, “let this be proof enough that things are as I have said.”  
For a moment he vanished completely and his clothing fell in a crumpled heap.  A moment later a little sparrow hawk hovered in the air where the man once stood.  The two strangers were gaping in amazement and even the Lady seemed shocked, though she knew what would happen; seeing and knowing were two quite different things.  He needed to quit making a habit of stunning her like this.  The little creature zipped about the room a few times and then lit upon the arm of the Lady’s chair.  He had discovered he could not speak in this form (unlike the Akoni).  
The Lady asked, “have you doubts still?”  
The men shook their heads in amazement and Raye said, “you decided wisely in this matter though I doubt the hunters will see it so since we cannot explain to them the reason for their loss.  I see now the difficulty of your situation.”  He bowed respectfully.  
“And now about my daughter,” said Penivel, “is he going to sit there all day or change back and leave?”  
The Lady said to the bird, “you may go.  A servant shall return your clothing and weapon.”  
The little creature bowed and flitted out the window.  The two men gazed after it in amazement.  A servant appeared, gathered up Adrian’s things, and disappeared to return them to his quarters and also to summon Tia.  Tia entered soon after the servant had left, having waited outside the door for her turn.  She glanced around curiously wondering where Adrian had gone.  She had seen him enter but not leave.  Banishing such thoughts, she bowed deeply to the Lady and gave the two men their proper due.  
The Lady said to Tia, “your father wishes you home.  As this seems a family matter I thought perhaps you would wish to be present.”  
“Thank you my Lady,” said the girl and frowned at her father, saying, “I thought we had settled this long ago?  Then you seemed indifferent to my business.  What brings you crawling after me now?”  
Penivel, who was not used to being treated in such a manner, scowled and said, “I have arranged a proper marriage for you.  You will come home immediately and do your duty by me and Arca.”  
Tia laughed, “the horse has no value until you find a buyer for it I see.  To which individual do you hope to yoke me?”  
Penivel said, “Lord Natham’s eldest son.”  
Tia looked aghast, “Lord Natham is ninety years old and his son must be seventy.  He has also been married four times.  You cannot wish such a son-in-law nor such misery upon me.”  
Penivel shrugged, “your happiness has never been my concern but having the second most powerful Lord in Arca as a son-in-law would be quite an accomplishment.  The elder cannot live forever and one day his son will assume his titles.  Do you know how much effort I put into securing this arrangement?”  
Tia was horrified, “do you know how little this encourages me to abide by your dictums?”  
Penivel snorted, “I thought the Brethren counted it a virtue to honor their parents and abide by their dictums?”  
Tia sighed, “in the proper order of things by all means, but this is quite an extraordinary situation.  I have not lived at home in nearly a decade and you have shown no interest in me beyond what it gains you in power or prestige.”  
“That may be but you are still my daughter and will abide by my decisions,” grouched Penivel.  
Tia smiled, “I cannot marry outside the Brethren.  If he wishes my hand then he must take the Oath, but in doing so he loses all claim to rank, title, wealth, and land.  He must abide by the Lady’s decisions and will be at her beck and call.”  
Penivel looked angry and turned upon the Lady, “can this be true?  What manner of tyranny is this?”  
The Lady shook her head, “it is far less tyranny than that which you exert over your own daughters.  While she is numbered among the Brethren she may not marry one who is not and may also not marry without my leave.  Which in this case I will not allow.”  
“Then you must leave the Brethren,” said Penivel with all finality.  
“You would have me break my Oath?” asked the aghast Tia, “I would die in service to the Master and the Lady and yet you ask me to throw it all aside and fling myself upon the mercies of an aged lord?”  
Penivel could not see what was so hard about the whole decision, saying, “you have had your fun and your freedom and now it is time to grow up and resume your responsibilities to me and Arca.”  
“I have greater responsibilities here,” said Tia quietly, “I can do far more good here than I can on the arm of an old man.”  
“Ha!” laughed Penivel, “What can you do here?  A woman is of little use in the grand scheme of things.”  Both Tia and the Lady gave him a dangerous look, which he chose to ignore.  
“I am no longer under your jurisdiction,” said Tia calmly, “by Arcan law a girl who refuses to acknowledge her father’s will is no longer to be supported by him or her family.  I have not drawn support from you since I came of age and it was then that I left home.  I also have given up all claim to rank and privilege with the taking of the Oath.”  
The man tried to speak but seemed unable to find words and could only produce a strange, strangled noise.  He turned to the High Chancellor and said, “help me out, oh great and mighty learned one!  The child quotes our own laws back at us and I have naught with which to respond.”  
Raye shrugged, “we could take this before the King of Arca.”  
Penivel almost laughed, “your father-in-law would have my head for interrupting his beloved philosophers over such drivel as this.”  
“Then even you agree you have no case at all,” said the Lady, “Tia has sworn herself to the Brethren and I will not release her to your care, such as it is.  She must revoke her Oath to be free of us and this she has flatly refused to do.”  
“You cannot steal the child from me!” snarled the old man.  Tia’s hand went reflexively to her sword but did not yet draw it forth.  
The Lady shook her head sadly, “I stole nothing.  She came here of her own will.  It was you that lost her by neglecting your duties as a father.  Your loss is our gain.  Be content to know that she is among those who love her dearly and greatly value her service.  You are dismissed and this matter is at an end.  Have you any other spurious complaints to lay at my feet?”  Both men shook their heads and retreated like scolded children.  The Lady looked to Tia and said, “I am sorry to put you through that but your father would not be content until you had dealt with it.  He could always claim I was keeping you against your will.”  
Tia smiled and said, “I hope this repulsive matter is finally at an end.”  

The men found their horses and rode back to their inn.  The audience had not gone as they had hoped.  Raye thought Penivel’s claims were futile but was happy to have a companion on this journey.  The six hunters had come to the Academy demanding justice and seeing a chance to show the Brethren for what they truly were, the Chancellor leapt at the chance.  It had all been for naught.  He had yet to catch them in falsehood or hypocrisy, but he hoped to so tarnish their reputation that the Academy and her fellow institutions could soon replace them in the public eye as the bastions of honor and knowledge.  An idea began to form itself in his mind, a very pleasant idea.  
They sat in the common room waiting for their breakfast (even the innkeeper was not astir at this hour).  A weary serving girl brought their meal and Raye said, “do the Brethren irritate you as much as they do me with their endless preaching of how they themselves are better than everyone else?”  
Penivel glowered, “of course!  They stole my daughter and I cannot do anything about it.  Perhaps this city has a seedy underbelly we can exploit?”  
Raye laughed, “I think the dark side of Astoria is probably more honest than all but the most upstanding citizens found in any other city you could care to name.”  
The lord gnawed at his day old bread and said, “I suppose you are right, but what has this to do with anything?  Besides, you keep several of the do-gooders at that dear Academy of yours.  Why not get rid of them if you take such a jaded view of them?”  
Raye shook his head, “it is one thing to acquire their knowledge and quite another to openly approve of them.  Think of it as a parasitic relationship that will end as soon as I have qualified teachers enough to staff the Academy.  As to my plans, what if we started our own little chapter of the Brethren?”  
Penivel gaped but looked interested, “and how would all this malarkey about the Oath and the Master and such work into your little scheme?”  
Raye smiled, “who said we need invite the Master into our little club?  I was thinking about a group of men dedicated to the advancement of reason and justice but unencumbered with that vile Oath of theirs.  What do you think?”  Penivel looked very interested.  Anything to get his daughter back and gain the power he so truly deserved.  Neither man noticed the little hawk perched quietly among the rafters listening to their scheming.
The two Arcans left later that morning and Adrian winged his way swiftly back to the castle, and once more in his proper form (and fully clothed) he sought out the Lady again.  She could see the anxiety in his face and said gently, “what troubles you that you would endure me thrice in one day?”  
He said, “I followed the Arcan lords after they left the castle and perched among the rafters as they sat over breakfast.  They plot not the overthrow of Astoria but the tarnishing of her reputation and a diminishing of the Brethren as a result.  They plan to start their own group of so-called Brethren to accomplish this task.”  
The Lady smiled weakly, “they would not be the first to try such a thing nor the first to succeed.  It was not long ago that many mistook the Order of the Unicorn for the Brethren.  There have been such plots occurring sporadically since time began.  There is always someone hoping to gain by such exploits or being themselves exploited (often unawares) by the Enemy for his own ends.  We shall weather this as all things with the grace of the Master and clinging to His Truth.  We must act, but it is no cause for anxiety or alarm.  I thank you for your information.”  He bowed himself out and went in search of the midday meal.  He found Dorn and Griffin sitting over lunch and he claimed a seat nearby.  
Both looked tired, but happy to see the cause of their sleepless night.  Griffin said, “now that you have spoken with the Lady are you able to give us a good reason for last night’s antics?”  
Adrian blushed again (he was almost as bad as Geff had been with such things at first), “the Lady has not bound me to silence much as I would wish it, but I do not feel at ease speaking of such things.  Perhaps it would be good for me to try however.”  
Dorn looked concerned, “have we offended you in some way?”  
Adrian shook his head and laughed sheepishly, “no, you are my dearest friends.  I only fear that you will find me odd and abandon me.”  
Griffin laughed, “what can you possibly say that could make us abandon you?  Think you so little of our friendship?  After all, you killed us once.  What worse can you do to a man and still call him friend?”
Adrian laughed, now much more at ease, “you speak wisely as ever, but this shall be a very strange revelation.  Last night you were wakened by a shrill cry.  To what did you attribute it?”  
Dorn shrugged, “if I had to guess I would say some sort of bird of prey though they seldom fly at night and I never heard an owl with such a voice.”  
Griffin said, “I thought some fell demon had swooped in the window and stolen you bodily away.”  
Adrian laughed, “Dorn is very near the truth.  It was a raptor and the voice was mine.”  
They looked at him in amazement as Griffin asked, “are you yourself again?”  
Adrian shook his head ruefully and said, “that is not to be but the Master has given me again the ability to change forms but only between a man and the least of all hawks.  I am still a man, save with a very strange talent.  I was so amazed at the return of this small gift that I did not think what results my actions might have on others and I apologize for my lack of foresight.”  
The others were very happy for their friend that this small part of his past was left to him.  Though he had once been a creature of amazing power and ability, he was much more grateful for this one small gift than he had ever been for all his strength and might.  Where once he considered it his rightful due, now he was as joyful with the least little reflection of his former power as a starving man with a crust of bread.  He knew his life was much more full and meaningful since his fall and he knew in his heart he would not go back to his old ways even if he were offered back full use of his former glories.  It was strange to think that his heart had become the real shape shifter while his physical form had become static.  A servant came soon after and summoned Dorn and Griffin to the Lady.  Adrian was asked to come as well.
They made their bows and the Lady smiled upon seeing Adrian once more, “this may be a record for the most times I have entertained one person in the same day.  Have you revealed your secret to your friends?”  Adrian nodded.  She smiled again and said, “I have a mission for two of you.  Adrian may participate if he so wishes but he cannot do so in human form.”  
They looked curiously at her and Adrian said, “I shall hear what you have to say but would like to accompany my friends, if I may.”  
The Lady nodded and continued, “we have become aware that the High Chancellor of the Academy and a certain Arcan Lord are conspiring to mar our reputation by creating their own scion of the Brethren.  I would like you to infiltrate this organization, should it take form, and do what you can to limit its damage to both our reputation and the souls of men.  Adrian has become known to both men and thus cannot participate in his proper form, however I think his talents may prove useful in this mission if he cares to join you.”  Adrian nodded happily and she asked, “how come your horsemanship and skills with a blade?”  
He shrugged, “the learning I have done from books and lectures has been quite rewarding but I still lag behind in the more physical disciplines.”  
The Lady nodded, “you have a keen mind but were never wont to ride or hold a sword.  Perhaps things will come more easily as you practice them on the journey to Arca.  You will probably have little use for such skills once you reach Arca, but they must be acquired eventually for one day you will have need of them.  Have you a unicorn?”  
Adrian smiled broadly, “in all the excitement of the day I nearly forgot!  One found me last night during my nocturnal wanderings.”  
The Lady nodded, “then all that holds you back is packing.  May the Master ride with you!”  As almost an afterthought she said, “Griffin, you are to take Benn with you as your apprentice.”  A stricken look passed across his face but he nodded dutifully.  Perhaps this time he would prove a proper mentor to the boy.  They made their bows and left her for the final time that day.  They collected their things and the boy.


Chapter 10

Benn was very happy to be on the road.  He had learned much in Astoria but his heart yearned for adventure.  Adrian was to keep a close eye and ear upon the two schemers and his revelations would keep them abreast of how best to join such an as yet unformed group.  They thought perhaps joining the Academy would be their best hope at present.  
Benn seemed mystified to know how Adrian was to keep an eye upon the two without being seen, saying, “can he grow wings perhaps?”  
The other three laughed and Adrian said, “perhaps I can.”  
Benn’s first glimpse of Adrian’s strange talents silenced his doubts with complete awe.  Adrian rode less awkwardly than he had the previous night and seemed to be gaining a much better seat than he had ever thought possible.  His sword work also had much need of attention but as they journeyed he practiced often with the others.  The unicorns soon outpaced the common horses of their quarry and Adrian occasionally found himself flying back to sit in the darkness outside their camp hoping to hear some word of their plans.  The Brethren slowed their pace to better match their unwitting traveling companions, ready to speed up again at need.  The two men talked often of their plans but seemed to have nothing further devised on the subject than that it would be a special program within the Academy itself.  With this news, the Brethren quickened their pace, soon outstripped them, and gained admittance to the Academy.  
The stories all four men had heard of the place made them dread this part of their adventure, but things were much less rigorous than they had been when Turin and the others first set foot there.  Things were still rather strict, but the students did not walk about in abject fear nor did they dread associating with one another and their teachers.  They were supposed to obey rules, put their full efforts into learning and chores, and be respectful of all those about them.  The material was practical and in-depth enough to actually be of use but broad enough so as not to lose oneself entirely in one small issue.  Save for their fear of all things ‘mythic’ they seemed a reputable lot.  All wondered how they could appear so broad-minded in all else yet continually ignore what was obvious to anyone who had lived long enough to string two words together and make a sentence: only fools and the truly arrogant denied that man did not arise by accident.

Some days after Adrian and the others had left for the Academy, the Lady retired to her chambers after yet another grueling day of politics and strategy.  Sometimes she longed for the far simpler days when she was just a traveling musician.  She also missed Tristan keenly and the strength he had leant her for such trying times.  But she found all the strength she needed for each day’s trials in the promises of the Master; she would serve faithfully in whatever role she found herself.  She sank gratefully into her bed and was soon soundly asleep.  
It was a dream, and in the way of dreams, things just beyond sight were fuzzy and unimportant.  She sat by a brook that chattered loudly in the moonlight amid a deep bed of moss that carpeted the floor of the ancient pinewood.  Utter peace filled the starry night.  Then she felt the Presence she had not felt since the day she was raised to her current post.  She went to her knees with bowed head.  The Great Unicorn nuzzled her gently and she felt moved to lift her eyes to His.  
All the knowledge of the ages filled their endless depths; she found love and grief bound there together in unspeakable measure.  “Lady,” said He gently, but with great sadness, “a dark hour comes swiftly upon you and all the earth.  My people must know the Truth.  They must have this last chance before the darkness sweeps all before it.  Your people must ride and they must ride swiftly.  Send them to every corner of the earth and let no one be found who has not heard My message.  The time is at hand for greater things and all must be warned.  The time is short and the hour dire.  All must know.  Go!”  She woke with a start and found herself again in her darkened chamber.  It was no mere dream.  She summoned her servant and roused the Council of Six.
Half an hour later they stood in her familiar audience chamber.  None could sit with the anxiety that stirred within the Lady and pervaded the room itself.  She paced as she spoke saying, “the Master spoke with me in a dream.  He orders that we ride forth and fulfill our mission.”  
One of the Teachers spoke, “are we not already doing so as we have done since the inception of the Brethren?”  
The Lady shook her head, “He means more, much more, than our usual efforts.  He spoke of things dark and terrible that shall come upon us and all the world.  We have little time to spare.  Every ear that can hear must be told.  I want everyone to ride forth immediately and spread the Truth.”  
“Everyone?” gasped one of the Warriors.  
The Lady stopped her pacing and faced them all with grim determination, “everyone who can be spared must go forth immediately.  We shall keep a handful of Teachers to attend to the needs of the students.  The less experienced apprentices shall also stay.  The defense of the city and the keep will fall to those few.  Everyone else, including you, must ride out and take the world by storm before the darkness does.  I know not what is coming, but it grieved the Master to His very core and the world must be ready.”  
“But Lady,” said the Warrior, “with such dire tidings is it not best to leave the Keep and yourself well-defended to face the oncoming night?”  
The Lady shook her head grimly, “what matters my own life in the face of such news?  There is a hungry world out there and they must hear what only we can tell.  Even if the whole host of the Brethren hid here behind these walls it would not avail us in the end.  They are needed elsewhere and they will be sent.  I also want all of our field agents alerted, and unless on some vital mission, they are to change the focus of their assignments to spreading the Truth.  We shall have to trust in the Master, as we always have, to see us through the night.  Go!”  Still concerned about the Lady’s tidings, but galvanized by her courage, faith, and will they ran off into the keep to rouse all who yet slept.
The entire population of the castle gathered before the Lady to hear what dire news had roused them at such an hour.  Servants, students, apprentices, and the Brethren all waited for what tidings came at the darkest hour of the night.  The Lady stood forth and said, “the night is coming.  I know not what dire evil is coming upon the world, but it is coming soon and the Master orders that the world know.  Everyone, save a few, is to ride forth immediately and let the world know that the Master can still be found by all those that would seek Him.  The hour grows late and the future dark, but we are a light in that darkness and a hope in that despair.  This mission is perhaps the most vital that shall happen in our lifetimes.  We shall leave Astoria with few to defend her and that task will fall to those few who stay behind.  A handful of Teachers and our newest apprentices are all that shall remain.  Those of you who have not yet taken the Oath or who have not yet decided, let this be the hour in which you decide yes or no.  There shall be an Oath-taking this afternoon and all those who wish to take it may.  The rest of you may stay or go as you choose, but there will be few left to teach you.  Though the keep is poorly defended, I fear that no matter where you choose to flee, even the best defended fortress will soon not be enough to ward off the coming dark.  Decide this hour whom you will follow and come to me if you choose the Master!”  
There was stunned silence.  The news was grim indeed.  In all her history, seldom had Astoria been left so poorly defended, but what must be would.  The Brethren quickly prepared to ride and each was given orders by the Council, save the Messengers, who the Lady directed herself.  Many of the students chose to take the Oath and face the coming darkness with the Master by their side.  Others chose to leave Astoria and seek an education elsewhere.  A few chose to remain and see what would happen, doubting they could find such opportunities for learning elsewhere, even during the current crisis.  That day, the Oath-taking occurred and many new apprentices were added to the defense of the Keep.  Almost everyone else rode off to their appointed areas to proclaim the Truth to all who would listen.  The Lady sat high in her tower and watched the castle empty, wondering what the future would bring but never doubting the sovereignty of the Master.

Adrian did not join the others in their academic pursuits, as he was known to the High Chancellor, but he used his talents to advance their cause.  The five Brethren who yet taught at the institution were glad to have some of their colleagues again on campus though they could not publically acknowledge it.  They had been isolated from their peers since Turin and the others had made a brief visit to ascertain what was happening at all such institutions.  The Alliance for the Dissemination of Knowledge had been temporarily dissolved after previous allegations but was in the process of reestablishing itself.  The Brethren knew themselves to be unpopular with their peers and many of their students, though their classes remained popular (mainly because of the quality of their teaching and the depth of their knowledge).  They had a few loyal students who were not driven to indifference by their beliefs.  A few had even slipped quietly away to Astoria, though these were never mentioned by their fellows or the faculty after their apparent defection.  It was considered almost a crime to abandon an education once it was begun.  
It would take some time to bring about what the Chancellor had in mind, and Adrian was to keep watch over things that the others had no access to.  Finally the Chancellor returned from his long journey, and pompously greeted his students at their normal morning assembly in which they all vowed to uphold reason and wisdom at any cost.  He then called some of the faculty and a few of the more advanced students to a special meeting that afternoon.  The Brethren among the faculty were carefully excluded from the proceedings and none of the faux students were far enough along in their studies to qualify.  No one thought to bar the windows on a glorious afternoon in the early fall against eavesdropping avian predators.  The little hawk easily found himself a proper seat high among the rafters.
Raye smiled proudly at the dozen assorted faculty and twice that many students who had gathered for what they assumed would be a momentous meeting, and they were not far wrong, though it was not at all what they had expected.  Raye beamed at his audience and said, “you are all hereby sworn to secrecy about these proceedings until I announce them publically, which I may not do for some time.  You have been gathered here because you are those among all our staff and students who are most dedicated to knowledge and reason.  As you know, I have just returned from Astoria and have had a chance to speak with their beloved Lady.  I cannot ever find anything with which to tarnish their pristine reputation among the various powers that currently rule the world and until such a time the influence of our graduates will be greatly hindered.  No education save that of Astoria is yet considered valid.  I know they have much that they wish to hide and they hide it well, so well that their enemies cannot use it against them, yet they are human and thus prone to all the vagrancies which our condition allows.”  
There were murmurs of disappointment after these revelations but he continued, “since we cannot ferret out and exploit their failings perhaps we can manufacture our own.  I propose that we create our own so-called Brethren and then disperse them throughout the world as the true voice of reason and knowledge and justice.  We can change the name of the group at a later date, once the Brethren have been shunned everywhere they wish to have influence, at that time they shall become what the Brethren used to be, save for the superstition and the myth.  Until then, we shall work hard to sully their reputation and make them an embarrassment to their beloved Master.”  
The students looked at him with wide eyes, but the teachers offered a hearty cheer, as they chafed at the skills of their colleagues answering to that name.  With the encouragement of their elders, the students found their own enthusiasm for the scheme.  It would prove quite amusing and would establish order and reason as the rule of the age, as was only proper.
The Chancellor continued, "this must be an absolute secret between ourselves.  Should our plot be discovered, it would nullify all we hope to accomplish.  Now, as the Brethren are often associated with things that some consider miraculous, I think it wise that we listen to Professor Litch as she explains a few things that may seem unnatural to untrained minds.  You have all probably listened to her on numerous occasions either in class or out, but I think it a good idea if we all have a chance to hear her thoughts on seemingly abnormal happenings."  
The group was quiet as the old woman approached the front of the room and said, "I have interacted with many of you during the course of my stay at the Academy and it has been a great honor and privilege, as it is to speak with you today.  First, a brief history of myself to acquaint you with my expertise in this area: for many years I dabbled in what many would call magic, but as I shall explain later, wiser minds know better.  I encountered a young girl by chance one night and sensing some great power about her, followed her closely and accosted her about it.  She had no idea about that which I was speaking and it was later revealed to me that she was one of those calling themselves the Brethren.  She said I ought to ride to Astoria to discover more of this strange phenomenon.  I was curious, and having nothing much else to do I went north and spent several months in residence there studying the inhabitants, their ways, and also their superb library.  While there, I met another fellow dabbler in the arcane, and though she had given up such things in favor of joining the Brethren, we were able to learn much from one another.  
After these experiences I was convinced that my former habits were not wholesome nor in my best interests and thus gave them up entirely.  I was only too happy however to be offered a position at this fine institution to teach all things mythic, superstitious, and legendary.  It has been my privilege to unveil the secrets that attend the miraculous and make them less mysterious and far more natural.  I know many of you here are skeptical of the existence of the Master and the Evil One and I am not here to argue that point, as there are excellent arguments in favor of both positions.  But one cannot overlook the fact that there are most definitely beings that exist that are far more powerful and hardly comprehensible to man.  Is it not realistic to think that there may be creatures of pure reason or spirit as one might call it?  We all know that there are other sapient creatures that roam the earth such as dragons and unicorns, why can there not be others as unlike us as we are unlike dragons?  It is these beings at whose feet can be laid much of what we call miracles or magic.  And like men, they come in all shades of character ranging from the absolutely vile to the very benevolent." 
She stopped for a moment to let these revelations settle in and then continued, "I shall stray from this point for a moment to discuss the other 'magical' creatures that roam the earth.  Unicorns are thought to be endowed with various magical abilities that range from healing to great endurance to resistance to evil.  But I would argue that their abilities are no more magical or miraculous than the ability to reason or see.  The only difference being that we take thinking and sight for granted because we exercise those gifts daily, whereas we are rarely exposed to those things which a unicorn must take for granted and thus men can consider them somehow mystical, whereas a unicorn must see them as commonplace and natural as we view our sense of sight.  I say there is no more magic in a unicorn than in a person, each is just gifted with differing natural abilities that are innate to the creature itself.  Thus men and unicorns each have their own peculiar sort of magic.  It is in how you measure the phenomenon in whether it is magic or common.  If we were all unicorns we would see nothing special in our abilities just as we, as humans, see nothing special in the ability to smell unless we sit down and actually think about it.  
This should account for any 'miraculous' abilities observed in any particular creatures of flesh and blood.  As for the creatures of which we know so little, those composed wholly of mind or spirit or whatever you would call it, why can they not have certain natural abilities just as the more familiar creatures but on a grander scale befitting their more interesting nature?  As the unicorn's abilities seem magical, so too do the abilities of these strange creatures simply because we do not encounter them frequently or because our minds are too small to fully understand them.  To those that believe in such things as the Master and the Nameless One, could they also not be some variant, perhaps the strongest, of these spirit creatures?  We as mere mortals could obviously see them as gods when in their own right they are just as natural as we ourselves!  The mysterious is always prone to inventing the mystic.  This theory nicely explains traits contained within individual creatures as part of their normal existence.  The next question is what of those strange traits that are rumored to exist within certain men that are not gifted to the whole race but only to individuals based on various arcane rights or peculiar beliefs?" 
She again paused and smiled as she saw the rapt wonder on the faces of the audience.  She continued, "there are at least three groups (and very possibly many more) that this category affects: mere dabblers such as myself in former days, the Brethren, and the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  The two latter groups each claim that by swearing allegiance to the Master or the Evil One respectively, they somehow gain certain supernatural abilities.  The Brethren claim (though often unsubstantiated) an extended life not to exceed three centuries, a certain resistance to evil powers, the ability to know when someone is lying, the ability to know one another by sight, and an increase in their abilities to learn, interpret, and retain information.  They also enjoy a strange relationship with unicorns that no one, not even themselves, fully understands.  They also say that if they violate or revoke their so-called Oath that they also lose these abilities.  The Brotherhood is a more mysterious group, but I have been able to ferret out some information and they seem to have abilities to influence the minds of others, to charm a certain species of predatory reptile, to induce a wakeless sleep, to die at will, and the ability to render many helpless through a haze of sheer terror.  They also lose these abilities should they choose to forsake their vows to the so-called Evil One.  
The last group consists of individuals who claim no allegiance to any particular group, calling, creed, or even a specific 'superior being' but who seek strange powers for healing or other use by interacting with the creatures of pure reason we discussed earlier.  In all three cases, I think it is clear that particular men gain particular powers by dealing in specific ways with these creatures of spirit or reason.  Both the Brethren and the Brotherhood seem to think that these creatures have an interest in what they call a man's soul, and by swearing it away to one individual creature or the other they gain strange abilities.  I am not here to argue about the reality of the soul or what exactly said object consists of but I have observed some of these strange traits in others and must agree that they arise from a non-human source.  What interest these beings have in men I cannot say, but I do not think it unnatural for such powers to exist in men if they arise from a natural source such as these spirit creatures.  It is thus a strange form of parasitism or perhaps symbiosis, but I am unsure which.  All I know is that I am unwilling to dabble in things any longer of which I am unsure of the price I am actually paying.  I am also aware that certain powers can only be gained through certain strange rites, especially those of a darker nature.  
The more powerful the result one wishes to gain, the more evil the rite that must accompany it.  It is rumored that there are those that summoned one of these spirit creatures of a very evil propensity into our own reality.  It was this thing that destroyed the city of Grolma and is said to have held Astoria hostage for a time before it was destroyed.  The rites that summoned the fiend were the most vile imaginable and we will not deal here with the horrible details.  But my point is, that I do not think any mere man should be dabbling in these things, good or evil.  Men should leave well enough alone that for which they have no comprehension.  It is like mice trying to meddle in the affairs of mankind and ending as mere vermin or perhaps as amusing pets.  I wish neither to be considered a pest nor a pet.  The most enlightened among us must lead in ending these strange occurrences.  The results can be considered natural perhaps or at least explainable, but the costs are uncountable.  All civilized countries should ban all such activities in the same way we have made murder and slavery a thing of deepest revulsion.  Men should be content to live within their own abilities and need not court skills not native to our race.  This is another reason our plan must succeed.  It may mean the difference between life and death for the entire species!" 
The students were on their feet cheering.  Not only had the woman nicely explained away all miraculous phenomena but she had also given them a seemingly perfect reason to continue in their efforts to eradicate all superstitious nonsense from the habits and habitations of men, aside for the fact that it was irrational, childish, and irritating.  Adrian, perched high among the ceiling beams, could only shake his head in great sadness.  To render the Master a mere creature among His own creations seemed the greatest tragedy a mind could reason itself into.  The Master was not some great, benevolent spirit that was a fellow inhabitant of reality, but the true Master of All: the Source of reality itself.  He was above all creation, greater than everything within it.  To remove the very source of everything made reality itself meaningless and void.  From whence had reason arisen save a mind great enough to bring it forth?  Now these poor fools would worship reason as if it were itself a great being, worthy of all awe and deference, rather than a conception that sprang from a mind truly worthy of such honor.  The hawk would have wept if it could in that form but could only mourn silently.  
The explaining away of miraculous events as only natural did not really worry the bird, after all the Master made nature and His miracles must come about by some means.  Just because man thought he had figured out how did not make them any less miraculous and perhaps did the opposite and let one appreciate the workings of a truly ingenious mind.  That they would use such explanations to nullify or minimize the existence of powers beyond creation is what broke his heart.  Only man could use the Master's own handiwork to explain away its Maker!  The Akoni had wanted to make themselves equal with the Master.  These men wished to make the Master equal with themselves or at least put Him in a box around which they could fit their minds.  How can a created mind understand, even in the least, the mind that brought it forth?  The awe of silence that had followed the lecture soon broke out into excited chatter and resounding applause and cheers. They were greatly cheered and encouraged by the woman's words.  Some of them had begun to doubt their purpose and they were often uneasy in their own minds about such things, especially with the Brethren on campus, but now they had a profound theory of their own that actually seemed to make sense.  
The Brethren were no longer a mystery or profoundly learned: they were fools who dabbled with powers in which they had no right to interfere.  Humanity had become an end in itself and there was no more room for mystery or things greater than mankind.  In an Age of Reason, things beyond the reach of the senses could not exist.  Adrian felt this reasoning reduced the human soul to a thing closer to a perishable beast than to an eternal creature as the Master had intended.  Man wanted to limit himself to his own mortality whereas the Master wished him to move beyond himself completely, into a new relationship undreamed by men.  It was as if a man had read one book and was content with his learning and would not pick up another though he stood in the greatest library in the world, because if he did he might learn things that would make him uncomfortable or that would force him to grow and change into something he did not yet understand.  These men were happy in their ignorance and gladly created reasons to wallow in it. 
The Chancellor smiled broadly and quiet quickly ensued, "I would like to thank our esteemed professor for her insightful lecture, which I am sure has touched each of us profoundly.  With such insight we have no reason to fear the miraculous or what lesser minds call magic.  You will each receive special training in the coming weeks and then will be sent out to spread our message and wreak havoc upon the image of the Brethren.  There is however, one advantage they have which we have yet to master.  They have unicorns and the beasts can prove the identity of their riders.  We are doing what we can to rectify this matter but most people have never seen a real unicorn so fooling them should not be too difficult.  Remember, speak nothing of this to anyone outside of this gathering.  Look for other recruits and then alert me, or one of these esteemed professors; we shall be in contact soon with further instructions.  May Reason guide you all!"  Adrian would have laughed if his current form allowed.  The man had even corrupted the traditional farewell of the Brethren!  
Those who were thus gathered together would form the nucleus of the plot, and they were to be ever watchful for new recruits who excelled in both knowledge and also skill with a horse and a blade.  Above all this, potential recruits had to be trustworthy, for anyone who breathed a hint of the scheme without permission from the Chancellor would be kicked out of the Academy and barred from all her sister institutions.  This terrified most of them worse than threats of imprisonment or death, for to them learning was everything, there was no higher calling.  Adrian shook his head, knowledge was all well and good but without the Master it was vain, lacked direction and purpose, and became a thing to worship in itself.  
The next project was to manufacture fake uniforms and procure the needed supplies, equipment, and proper mounts.  It was discussed as to whether to send an envoy to the North to beg the cooperation of the unicorns, but the Chancellor remembered his own dealings with the stubborn beasts and called an end to that idea.  They would find another way to deal with the unicorn conundrum.
Adrian waited for the small groups of conversation to break up and all the stragglers to wander home before he took to the air.  He was very careful not to betray his presence to anyone.  The next question was how to pass this information along to his comrades?  He could not enter the Academy in human form, neither could he speak as a bird.  Happily, he remembered that the students were allowed one free day out of every seven and often wandered about Arca in their few idle hours.  He would have to hope his comrades would find him then.  He flew back to the little room he had taken at a tiny inn and quickly set about writing on a small strip of paper the name of an inn at which he wished to meet the others on their next free day.  He wrote simply the name of the inn, the day, and the time.  He then took the slip of paper in his beak and flew out the window towards the Academy.  He flew onto the campus unseen and found the room he knew Griffin inhabited with several other Academians. 


Chapter 11

The little hawk slipped silently into the darkened room.  Adrian searched about the tiny sleeping chamber in hopes of finding somewhere to secret the note where Griffin was sure to find it in a timely manner without others seeing it.  As he searched about in the darkness, the door opened suddenly, flooding the room with light from the corridor.  Adrian quickly scuttled under the bed and hoped that no one had seen him.  
His hopes were quickly dashed as a boy screamed, “ugh!  A rat!”  
Someone grabbed a broom and tried to chase him out from under the bed.  With a choice between being knocked senseless or trying to escape, he chose the latter.  Perhaps he could dash out from under the bed and flit out the window.  He emerged from the relative safety of his hiding place and out into the middle of the floor.  Before he could fly off, the broom caught him squarely on the back of the head and he sprawled senseless on the floor.  
One of the returned boys picked him up gingerly saying, “this is no rat.  How did a Kestrel end up in our room?”  
“A hawk?” asked another boy, “We can stuff it and mount it on the wall!”  
“I think we should keep it,” said a third boy, “only lords keep hawks you know?  It could be fun!”  
Then Griffin stepped into the room and looked at the source of all the excitement.  His heart dropped when he saw his friend in such a position.  “What have you there lad?” asked Griffin.  
The boy holding the hawk said, “we captured a little hawk that was trapped in the room.  We are trying to decide what to do with him.”  
Griffin laughed, though there was no mirth in the sound, “what to do with him?  The choice should be obvious.”  
“We cannot just let him go!” said the boy, “It is not every day we get a chance like this.”  Adrian shook his head and hissed at the boy, who nearly dropped him in surprise.  
Griffin shook his head, “you cannot tame such a creature.  He has the heart of an eagle and his rightful place is the sky.  You could only cage him, where he would soon wither of a broken spirit.  Would you kill such a creature simply to adorn a wall, where soon it would be forgotten and become a thing only to collect dust and cobwebs?  It would be a great crime to waste such a creature in either way.  If he is uninjured I say let him go.”  
The boy looked down at his fierce-eyed captive and nodded, “he is no finch that would keep well in a cage.  Look at the fire in his eyes!  I have not the heart to either cage or kill him.”  The other boys nodded reluctantly and they walked towards the open window to release their charge.
Before the boy had a chance to toss him into the night air, Adrian caught Griffin’s eye and glanced significantly at a little scrap of paper forgotten on the floor.  As the boys made great ceremony of releasing the captive, Griffin surreptitiously picked up the scrap and read what it said.  He nodded and the little hawk chirruped happily.  By now the boys were at the window and releasing their hostage.  He quickly found his wings and disappeared into the night.  The boys felt as if they had done a very noble thing indeed.  Griffin wondered how they could find a better way to communicate.  
The students would have a free day on the morrow and as such, most of them stayed up late into the night engaging in friendly debate or even idle conversation.  Griffin retired early and was up with the sun.  He gathered Dorn and Benn and went in search of the inn specified in Adrian’s note.  The guards eyed the three students coldly but let them pass, as they were allowed to go about town on their free day if they wished.  They wandered aimlessly for a good hour just to throw off pursuit, if anyone happened to care where they went.  Finally, they felt safe in going into the specified inn.  At such an early hour of the morning the place was empty and was seldom a place where students from the Academy were wont to go.  It reeked of stale beer and dust adorned most of the horizontal surfaces.  The innkeeper eyed them hopefully when they entered, but immediately wrote them off as poor students with little chance of buying more than a polite mug of wine.  They each did just that and found a table at which to wait.  Not long after, Adrian came in, also found himself a mug, and joined his friends.
He looked sheepishly at Griffin, but the man only smiled and said nothing of their strange encounter the previous night.  They talked of little things until the innkeeper retreated to the kitchen to see how preparations for the noon meal were coming.  Then Adrian told them of the things he had witnessed the previous day.  The others were grieved at his tidings but agreed that they must do what they could to counteract such thinking and stop the peculiar plans Raye was setting in motion.  People going about guised as the Brethren proclaiming untruths or dispensing shoddy justice would not help in the Brethren’s quest to spread the Truth and protect the innocent, but then that was the whole idea, as it would confuse people and make them uninterested in anything the Brethren had to say, even if faced with the real thing.  
It would not be difficult to prove the real thing from the pretenders, but it would confuse and frustrate the common folk enough that they would lose interest in the whole affair, little caring about the deviousness of the perpetrators.  They would simply go home with an ill-feeling towards the Brethren and the Master and might actually start listening to the inanities preached by the agents of Academia.  In time things could be straightened out, but how many souls would be lost or damaged in the meantime?  These men had no clue what damage their plots could wreak upon unwitting souls.  
They would alert the Brethren teaching on campus to the issue and urge them to teach accordingly, they could also speak with their fellow students upon the matter, and if the chance came to infiltrate the group, perhaps they could change it or dismantle it from within.  Adrian would continue to keep watch over the powers behind the plots.  They soon parted ways and returned to campus.  Before they left, they agreed upon a much better location to leave notes in future that would not risk someone discovering their avian spy.  

Raye was so impressed with Professor Litch’s lecture that he invited her to speak to the whole campus (not mentioning anything about their little plot however).  The day after the free day, everyone assembled in the main audience chamber and listened to the old woman with great interest and enthusiasm.  Such was the excitement on campus over her ideas that the five Brethren amongst the teaching staff soon found themselves at great odds with their students, who now accused them of dabbling in powers in which no mortal should meddle.  They tried to explain their point of view, but the students would not hear it.  Things were growing desperate when the High Chancellor was forced to intercede.  The students were demanding that the Brethren either repent or leave the Academy, some were even calling for their heads.  
As the Chancellor stepped forth, the students quieted to listen to his words to the Brethren, “my dear friends, why do you persist in your wrong-headed assertions about the world?  Professor Litch has done an admirable job of explaining such things.  We can surely overlook your naiveté on such counts previously if you will now publically repent of your vile dabblings beyond the ken of mortals.  Do so and we shall gladly forgive you and allow you to stay.”  
Emilia spoke for the five, “it saddens me greatly to hear these words from you Chancellor.  You who have been among us enough to know that such ideas as Mistress Litch spoke are nothing but wishful thinking and heresy.  If we must leave, so be it, but we shall not recant our Oaths simply to mollify the whims of unlearned boys.  But hear all of you what I say.  We have ever taught and spoken faithfully at this institution of yours, not for our own gain but that we might help you find the Truth.  I know that perhaps a few of you doubt greatly what you heard this morning.  Fear not, for the Professor’s words were false and will be proved so before the end.  But any who wish to learn the truth and true knowledge will not find it here.  Knowledge without the Master is not gain and there can be no wisdom in such a circumstance.  
We remain firm in our beliefs and beg each of you to consider carefully the choices you shall make regarding these revelations.  It is the most important decision of your entire lives and will haunt you for an eternity if you choose unwisely.  The Master is not a mere spirit but the Source of all life, reality, and reason.  He is the Source of all things and therefore stands well above them.  We do not dabble in the arcane arts but serve our Maker with all that is within us.  Man is no mere mortal.  Yes his body shall fail him one day but the soul lives on.  The Master does not make thinking minds to cease but rejoices in their continued existence even after death has claimed its due.  I bid each of you think deeply upon this matter and make no decision in rashness or haste but with a fully willing heart and fully reasoned mind.  We will not forsake our vows and thus must bid you adieu.”
Raye was rather disappointed, “you have taught well but I think it is well past time that those who hold such views as yours are not allowed to teach here.  I thank you for your troubles but I must ask you to leave immediately.”  
The five bowed politely and went to pack their scant belongings.  The mass of students waited silently upon the lawn as the five withdrew and returned with bulging saddlebags.  The students watched grimly as they went to the stables, saddled their mounts, and secured their baggage.  The unicorns frisked at their newfound freedom and the chance to run free once more.  
As the last man swung himself into the saddle, the students started chanting over and over, “no more myths, let Reason reign!”  
Without a word, the five rode off and never looked back.  Griffin and his comrades sadly watched the others go, knowing that they were now alone on campus, and not knowing how to reach the mindless mass of humanity that seemed intent on its own destruction.  In the following days, a number of students simply vanished.  Those that had any doubts about the peculiar lecture they had just heard went to find the truth elsewhere.  Those that remained were proud that the weaker minds had been winnowed out and only the wisest endured.  Griffin wondered how long this fanaticism could last and what havoc it would wreak ere it ended.  There seemed little of reason left on campus, just the appearance of it.  He mourned the loss of common sense and the freedom of thought.  The Academy had succumbed to its own success and would not allow anyone to openly disagree.

As the days passed, Raye began to notice a problem in his plans for the Brethren.  Most of his recruits were little more than boys and the common folk might not take them seriously.  A few youngsters were fine, but an entire army of boys would convince no one.  They needed older faces in the group.  He would have to pass the younger ones off as apprentices.  He set his minions the task of gathering a group of highly skilled and older recruits.  They were able to find a dozen men to fit the profile and the group was asked to a special meeting with the Chancellor.  Griffin and Dorn were among those asked to join.  
The Chancellor practically glowed as he entered the room, “greetings fellow scholars.  You have been chosen for a very special purpose.  You have all learned of the dangerous powers in which the Brethren dabble?”  All nodded.  Griffin and Dorn exchanged an amused look, there was nothing more dangerous than the Master!  At least in that the fool spoke the truth.  He continued, “the only way to defeat the Brethren is to discredit them in the eyes of the common people and their rulers.  Once we have sullied their reputations for dispensing justice and purveying wisdom, the people will come to us begging for our guidance to replace their fallen heroes.  I am assembling men to go out in the guise of the Brethren and dispense poor judgments and foolishness instead of wisdom.  This may not seem honorable, but neither is dabbling in forces that one has no knowledge of.  We must not stand aside and let these charlatans destroy humanity by unleashing powers they do not understand.  
You have been selected for this assignment because you are highly skilled and very knowledgeable in many areas.  You are also assumed trustworthy because you have not abandoned our cause.  You shall each be given an ‘apprentice,’ and together you will travel throughout the world and incite chaos in the name of the Brethren.  If anyone asks you to prove your identity, shrug them off with great pride and sneer that you shall do nothing of the sort.  Set the worst example you can.  In this way, we shall assure that our future as an institution and also as a species is bright.  The Brethren are all that stands between us and the Age of Reason.  Assure their downfall and we shall have entered the golden age of mankind.”  The gathered students broke out into raucous cheers; Dorn and Griffin both looked grim.  Thus began the nightmare.


Chapter 12

The five Brethren banished from the Academy had not gone far when a messenger from the Lady found them, sending them in various directions to spread the Master’s words throughout the world.  Their only concern now was to speak the Truth and hope the world would listen.  
Griffin and Dorn were soon fully immersed in the plot against their comrades.  Raye had assigned them various things they must know before they left and he would not allow anyone to leave until they had mastered the knowledge and skills that he deemed necessary.  The two Brethren found no difficulty but their ‘apprentices’ were taking some time to master the material.  They had to be able to convince people that they were actually members of the Brethren and to do that they needed to be skilled with a horse, a sword, and various aspects of knowledge and lore.  Once they had convinced people that they were of the Brethren, then they could go about dashing their hopes that justice and wisdom were to be had from said Brother.  
But finally, their ‘apprentices’ were deemed ready to go out and save the world.  They found themselves garbed in uniforms almost identical to those they had worn in Astoria; it would take an expert to tell the difference.  Their mounts were normal horses (and would be swapped out for real unicorns at the first opportune moment) but of such breeding and quality that all might think them unicorns in disguise.  They were to snub all who asked to see the beasts in their true glory.  The two Brethren could prevent the destruction that they themselves were supposed to wreak, but they could do little about the other ten pairs that were preparing to leave.  Benn had also been drafted into the scheme and would be posing as an apprentice; they hoped he too could stop his mentor when the time came, but as he was cast in the inferior role, that might be difficult.  Adrian had been sent north with word to the Lady of the dire plot and the even more destructive ideas the former witch was now circulating at the University and the College.
Adrian flew swiftly to Astoria and was aghast to find it nearly abandoned.  The apprentices manning the gates did not notice the little hawk as he slipped into a window in one of the towers.  It had been a guest room but currently sat empty, as there were too few people to fill the numerous rooms that the castle boasted.  He found some spare clothing neatly tucked away and went in search of the Lady.  A very confused servant found him wandering a corridor that held only empty rooms.  The man had bare feet and was unarmed; how he came to be wandering about in that part of the castle unseen was anyone’s guess.  
“Sir,” said the scandalized servant, “why do you wander alone?  I must ask you to return to the public parts of the castle and also to don appropriate footwear.”  
Adrian glanced sheepishly at his forgotten feet and said, “I apologize for my appearance but I must speak with the Lady immediately.  It is urgent.”  
“Sir!” said the servant aghast, “You are fortunate I do not summon the guards and have you escorted from the city.  What right have you to demand such an audience?”  
Adrian shook his head, “I bear urgent news from Arca.  It was she that sent us thus!  I am one of the Brethren.  She will understand when you tell her Adrian seeks an audience.”  
“No word has come to me,” said the servant, “of any of the Brethren returning and you are not among those left behind.  I will not let a stranger into the presence of the Lady with such an obvious falsehood of a tale.”  
Adrian said, “the world marches toward chaos while we stand here and debate.  Ask her yourself, but let us stand here no longer.”  
The servant looked skeptical but motioned for the man to follow.  He doubted the man’s story, as all but a scant handful of the Brethren were already long gone; the man’s bizarre garb did not help matters.  They stopped outside the door into the chambers the Lady was wont to frequent.  An apprentice stood guard at the door and bowed deeply as Adrian approached.  He returned the courtesy to the appropriate degree.  The servant looked at the two men in amazement.  The boy seemed to take the man at his word and he should know!  He said nothing as he disappeared into the Lady’s chambers.  
The Lady sat deep in thought, but at the servant’s explanation of the stranger he found wandering the corridors, she smiled and said, “it is as he says.  Admit him at once.”  The servant was astonished but did as he was bidden.
Adrian bowed himself into the Lady’s presence and she smiled at his naked feet.  “What news from Arca?” asked she.  He looked grave and recounted what he knew.  She said, “these are grim tidings indeed.  The world does seem to be marching towards destruction.  I received word this morning that General Karly is dead and that fifty of his men are fled with a man in possession of a vile new weapon.  You are not yet aware that the Master has warned of utter darkness ahead, that is why the castle seems abandoned: He wants everyone available out spreading word of His Truth.  Only I and a few others now hold the fort while the rest have gone off to work ere the storm breaks.  I wonder what strange part the Academy’s false Brethren will play?  Return to Arca as swiftly as you can and continue to relay information between your comrades and Astoria.  May the Master ride with you.”  He bowed himself out and went in search of something to eat and somewhere to rest.  He could not fly back without a short break.  The servant stood outside the door and watched the bootless man wander off into the castle.  
“Is it not odd?” asked the servant of the apprentice, “That he wears ill-fitting clothes and has no shoes, yet the Lady admits him?”  
The apprentice shrugged, “who are we to question the Lady or even one of the Brethren?  Strangely clad or not, he still outranks both of us.”  
The servant absorbed this information and went back to his duties only partially mollified.  After a good meal and a night’s rest, Adrian was off again.  The curious servant trailed the man as he went into the same forgotten room.  He waited for a good hour and still the man did not emerge.  Summoning his courage he opened the door and found nothing.  The room was empty.  Where had the man gone?  The servant had seen many strange things in the course of his time in Astoria but none to match a man that simply disappeared into thin air, but then peculiar things occurred regularly in such a place.  He sighed and went back to his duties.
Adrian’s first stop was again the Academy, but when he arrived he found his colleagues gone and flew off in search of them.  Griffin had been assigned to southern Arca, Dorn went to Vespera, and Benn to western Syre.  Others in the group had been assigned to various other countries that they might spread the ill-name of the Brethren as far as possible.

Griffin rode silently with his new ‘apprentice.’  He missed Benn acutely, but they each had their duties.  Their first night on the trail, he had his unicorn assume a visage identical to that of his horse and swapped the two creatures, letting the horse wander at will.  The apprentice, Hugh, noticed nothing, as he had been busy setting up camp and starting a fire.  They had yet to encounter anyone and so had not tried their act yet.  Hugh wished to lead, but as he was in the apprentice role and also much younger, leadership naturally fell to Griffin.  Their orders were to present a good impersonation of one of the Brethren, thereby earning the people’s trust, and then to hand out poor justice, treat the people with disdain, and give flawed information thereafter.  Griffin wondered what he would do with his apprentice.  He could not do any of the things Raye wished him to and he certainly would not let the boy inflict any such wrongs upon the unsuspecting populace.  
The next night, they arrived in a small village and applied at the inn for a room.  The people in the common room glanced hopefully at the two men in their uniforms, eager for an evening of song or story as so commonly attended such a visit.  Hugh was anxious to try his hand at their subterfuge when the door banged open and admitted Pallin, also in uniform.  Pallin glanced in their direction and blinked.  He recognized Griffin immediately but knew not what to think of the boy in an apprentice’s uniform who was obviously not one of the Brethren.  There was also something slightly wrong about the uniforms both wore, though he could not say exactly what.
Pallin took a seat across from the odd pair, saying, “I had thought myself alone in this area but it is good to find friends unlooked for.”  
Hugh smirked, thinking the man a fool.  Griffin glanced sideways at the boy saying, “it warms my heart to see a friendly face.  Though I think we are upon very different errands at the moment.”  
Pallin cocked his head, “when were you last in Astoria?”  
Griffin said, “several months ago.”  
Pallin nodded, “then you do not know what has happened?”  Griffin shook his head.  Pallin continued, “the Lady has every last one of us roaming the countryside spreading the Truth to any who will listen.”  
Griffin gaped, “what happened?”  
Pallin looked grim, “the Master Himself ordered it.  Some great evil is coming and He wants the people warned.”  
Griffin’s countenance grew grave as he glanced at his companion, “these are certainly strange times.”  Pallin nodded and went to speak with the people in the common room who were more than happy to hear his stories.  
Hugh looked to Griffin once the stranger had left them, saying, “are we just going to sit here and let him spread his lies?”  
Griffin laughed, “would you have me cross swords with one of the Brethren then?  There shall be other nights and other inns.”  
The boy glowered, “these people have as much right to freedom of thought as anyone else.  We must do something!  We are two and he is one, I am sure we could best him.”  
Griffin raised his eyebrows, “you would murder a man in cold blood?”  
The boy laughed, “it is not murder to end tyranny of the mind.”  
Griffin smiled coldly, “murder by another name is just as foul.”  
The boy looked chastened but said, “perhaps we can simply teach him a lesson?”  
Griffin shook his head, “we shall leave things as they are.”  
The boy bristled, “are you such a coward?  I would die to advance my ideals and you will not even exchange cross words with one of our enemies.  You do well enough convincing him that we are on his side.  I thought they could tell one another at sight, but perhaps that is all a lie with everything else?  If you can convince one of them then we shall do very well among the peasants.”  Griffin only shook his head.  He longed to speak with Pallin alone but knew not how to get away from the boy without arousing suspicion.
Pallin spoke long into the night of the Master and the Truth, touching the hearts of many.  Hugh grew more frustrated by the moment but Griffin seemed rooted to his chair.  Finally he could stand it no longer and stood.  Pallin was in mid-sentence when the boy faced him with sword drawn.  The audience was very curious to see how the mutiny would be settled.  The boy said, “you have said enough this night heretic.  Be gone and never return.  If I see you again, your life is forfeit.”  Pallin looked at the boy in surprise and Griffin shook his head in exasperation.  The boy was adequately familiar with a sword, but was certainly no match for Pallin.  
Griffin stood and said, “Hugh!  Sheath your blade and sit down.  You are out of line!”  
The boy turned on Griffin and pointed at him with his blade, “it is you who are out of line, letting this infidel prattle on all night.  I will do what I must!”  
Griffin shook his head, “you will do nothing.  Return to your seat.”  The boy refused and approached Pallin, sword ready.  Pallin drew his own blade.  
The boy smiled in anticipation, knowing he could not fail in so righteous a cause.  “You shall die for your sins,” said the boy.  
Pallin could barely contain a laugh, “and what would those be lad?”  The boy gaped, what manner of question was that?  
He said, “why, endangering all humanity by meddling with powers no mortal should touch.”  
Pallin gave Griffin an odd look and he could only shake his head.  “Who put such strange ideas into your head boy?” said Pallin, “You wear the uniform but you are none of ours.  I meddle in nothing, but serve the Master heart and soul.  You, however dance with ideas more dangerous than any I could imagine.  Put away that sword before one of us regrets it.”  
The boy started to show the first signs of doubt and fear but said, “my ideas are of pure logic and reason.  They are not dangerous but the truth.”  
This time Pallin did laugh, “the truth indeed!  The Truth has ever been the same since the first morning of the world and will be so until long after mornings have ceased altogether.  How can you know truth if even your uniform is a lie?”
The boy was growing frustrated and could find no verbal answer, so lunged with his sword instead.  It was a matter of moments before Pallin had him disarmed.  He sheathed his blade and confiscated the boy’s weapon.  He shook his head, “your ideas are as faulty as your sword technique.  Both could use much work ere you are let loose in the wide world with them.”  
“You are not going to kill me?” asked the anxious boy.  
“Kill you?” asked Pallin, “Where did you ever get that idea?  You might deserve a good whipping but not death.  You are young and confused and I hope not completely lost to reason.  Listen well to your master and you may yet survive whatever strange charade you are playing at.”  
The boy was completely taken aback, “but I tried to kill you.  It is your right to kill me.  Besides, my ideas threaten your way of life.”  
Pallin laughed, “there have been ideas threatening the Truth since it was first heard.  Men are always looking for ways to avoid ideas that make them think about changing how they live.  I knew the dangers when I took the Oath; I knew it was not going to be an easy life and accepted it still.”  
Griffin stood and confronted the boy, “you had no right to behave that way.  If I cannot trust you in so small a task as this how am I to trust you with larger responsibilities?”  
The boy looked at the floor with great chagrin and said, “I was rash in my actions but our duties are of the utmost importance.  We must not fail.”  
Pallin laughed, “he has zeal.  If only he could direct it towards something worthwhile.  I must speak to your master alone boy.  Can I trust you not to make trouble?”  The boy nodded.  
Griffin said gently, “why not go to bed.  I shall be along soon.”  The boy nodded and slunk down the hall towards their room like a beaten dog.  The two Brethren returned to their table.
Pallin said, “what have you become embroiled in?”  
Griffin shook his head, “I wish I knew.  The Academy is sending out a number of men posing as Brethren in hopes of ruining our reputation.  I found myself so drafted.  I do not know what to do with the boy.  There are at least a dozen pairs scattered about the world; three of them contain the real thing: myself, Dorn, and Benn were all recruited.  Any ideas of how to deal with the situation and minimize the damage they are about to cause?  If what you say is true, this is not a good time to have people doubting our words.  The worst part is an old woman with strange theories as to the origins of miraculous events; she equates any such occurrence with people meddling with spirits outside the ken of mortals and thus risking doom for all mankind.  In her eyes the Brethren are just as bad as the Brotherhood.  She also states that the Master is Himself a mere spirit and not the Originator of all things.”  
“Lovely,” said Pallin, “I shall spread the word among the Brethren scattered across the world.  Does the Lady know?”  
Griffin nodded, “Adrian went not long ago with word.  What do I do with Hugh?  I cannot participate in this little charade much longer without showing my true allegiance.  Can these pretenders do much damage?”  
Pallin said, “locally, I suppose they can be devastating, or if there are great numbers of them, but I think they require far more time than we are allowed to reach the full extent of their goals.”  
“What does that mean?” asked the confused Griffin.  
Pallin was perplexed as well, “I am not sure, but I have a feeling that time is of the essence in all things.”  They both nodded grimly.  Griffin sought out the boy soon afterwards.  He found him sobbing upon his pillow.
“I have failed utterly,” said the boy.  
Griffin put a reassuring hand on his back and said, “what do you mean?”  
The boy said, “I am beginning to doubt what I heard at the Academy and you must send me away as a heretic.”  
Griffin smiled, “what is wrong in questioning what they have taught you?  Is that not what the freedom of thought allows?  Can you not listen to all sides, weigh the evidence, and then decide?”  
The boy nodded, “but I thought I must abide by reason at all costs.”  
Griffin laughed, “reason means using your brain, not idly absorbing things and acting upon them without question.  What is troubling you?”  
The boy replied, “that man seems so firm in what he believes.  Even the Brethren who taught at the Academy were fervent in what they believed and left an honorable position because of it.  I heard them teach and they are not deluded fools as so many think.  I begin to feel that I do not deserve to wear this uniform and that I am living a lie.  How can you, so seemingly an honorable man, be at ease with this disgraceful sham?”  
Griffin smiled warmly, “so you begin to see how shameful this whole charade is as well do you?”  
Hope dawned in the boy’s eyes, “I think everyone should earn their own reputation.  We are destroying another’s reputation to benefit our own.  And what of all the people hurt by our behavior?  What good does it do to subvert justice?  Chaos will ensue.”  
Griffin said, “you are beginning to find wisdom my young friend.  There is no justice or honor in this whole scheme, only a willful malice that hopes to benefit at great cost to others.  Why do I feel at ease in this uniform?  Can I trust you?”  The boy’s face held a strange mixture of hope, despair, and curiosity, but he nodded eagerly.  Griffin said, “you remember the man you confronted noted that you had no right to wear the uniform?”  The boy nodded but frowned, not understanding.  Griffin continued, “he never said anything about me however.  I have every right to wear this thing, even if it is not exactly a perfect copy.”
The boy’s eyes went wide, “you are one of them?”  Griffin nodded.  The boy continued, “you do not seem a man who meddles with dangerous powers.”  
Griffin laughed, “you need to quit parroting what that old woman told you.  There is naught of truth in it.  The Brethren dabble in nothing.  We are servants of the Master and it is He who gifts us with the abilities we have and nothing else.  It is the Brotherhood of the Serpent that dabbles in things best left alone.  I have seen the results of their handiwork and it is vile indeed.  The man you just tried to kill was once torn to shreds by a fell demon the Brotherhood summoned through rites dark and terrible.  It cost another good man his life to banish the foul thing back to its proper place.  Before you dismiss the Brethren so easily, remember it is they that risk their lives to protect everyone else from just such dabblers in foul magics.”  
“If he was torn to shreds how did he survive?” asked the skeptical but fascinated boy.  Griffin smiled grimly, “one of the greatest gifts a unicorn can give a man is to take vital wounds from the man upon himself and thus spare the man.”  
The boy gaped, “it cannot be.  There can be no such love that would make so noble a heart make such a sacrifice.”  
Griffin shook his head, “perhaps there is not so noble a heart beating in a human breast, but the unicorn is the most noble of all thinking creatures and there is no greater love found in all creation save that of the Master Himself.  He once gave His own life in lieu of ours.”  
“What?” asked the skeptical boy, “If the Master died how can he yet live?”  
Griffin laughed, “not even death can hold the Master long.  He could not even die unless He willed it so.  He is no mean spirit but the true Master of All.  The Evil One is also real, though he is a created being as much as we.  He rebelled against the Master long ago and is the source of much strife in the world.  When you deny the Master you strengthen the Evil One.”  
The boy looked very grim, “what am I to do?  Your words and the tales of the other man this night stir my heart to uneasy thoughts.”
Griffin smiled, “listen to your heart in these things and it will not lead you astray.  If you would learn more, ride for Astoria.”  
“Can I?” asked the amazed boy, “Am I not bound to see this through?”  
Griffin shook his head, “you are not honor bound to continue in deceit.  I will not hold you back if you endeavor to learn the Truth.  Nor can I ride with you, for I must see what I can do to end this disgraceful sham.”  
The boy nodded and said, “I shall ride thither tomorrow at the earliest.  I must learn the truth of this or my heart will never rest or be at ease.  I have found more honor and wisdom in you and your comrades in our brief meeting than I have ever found in anyone else.”  
Griffin smiled and said, “then may the Master ride with you.”  
Pallin moved on the next morning and the boy rode north for Astoria.  Griffin was left alone and went in search of others of the false Brethren in hopes of dashing their schemes ere they caused more damage.  Pallin passed along what news he could to the other Brethren he encountered and they did likewise.  The Academy continued to turn out more false Brethren as they were able.  It was a race against time to determine who would win the hearts and minds of the people.  This was not a race to save face but to save the very hearts of men.

Dorn rode along uneasily with his new ‘apprentice.’  Dack was a quiet boy but eager to show the world the ‘true’ colors of the Brethren.  They had been traveling for some days and had finally crossed into Vespera where they were to begin subverting the Brethren.  Dorn was not sure how long he could keep up this pretense without revealing his identity.  As they rode, he tried passing along various bits of wisdom but the boy seemed immune and wholly focused on the vile plot.  They came to a small village on the very borders of Vespera and decided to stop for the evening.  Dack was eager to begin their subterfuge this very night!  Dorn could only shake his head in dismay and hope some opportunity presented itself for talking some sense into the boy.  Killing him or imprisoning him were not options in quieting him.  
“We get to start tonight!” rejoiced the boy, “May I begin?”  
Dorn shook his head grimly, “the Vesperans have long supported the Brethren and it will be difficult to make them forget centuries of such friendship.”  
The boy said, “then we had best get started.”  Dorn could only sigh.  What was he to do with the boy?  
“Excuse me?” said an unshaven man as he approached their table, “But are you really members of the Brethren?”  Dorn did not like the look of the man and surreptitiously reached for his sword.  
“You can see the uniforms,” said Dorn noncommittally.  
“Of course we are!” squealed the boy in pure delight, “What can we do to aid you my good man?”  
The man grinned evilly, “not much.  I just do not happen to like your kind.  Actually, I will very much enjoy sending you on to your beloved Master.”  
Dorn’s sword was out but he was not in time to save the boy.  A great thunderous noise shattered the peace of the inn and the boy lay sprawled on the floor with a gaping hole in his chest.  Grieved at the loss of so young and confused a life, Dorn leapt at the man with his sword drawn.  The man was using the confusion caused by his attack to reload the dreadful weapon.  The main drawback of the thing was that you only got one shot.  He could not free his hands to reach for his own blade and his eyes widened as he saw the elder of the two coming at him with sword raised.  Another shot rang out and grazed Dorn’s shoulder.
Dorn fell upon the boy’s killer and then went after the second man.  The man bolted out a second floor window and disappeared into the night.  Dorn went in search of him, but the man circled around and came back into the common room, snatching up his fallen comrade’s pistol before vanishing into the darkness.  Dorn returned to the common room and saw that the dead man had been disarmed and the other man had fled once again.  He ran to the stable, saddled his mount, and pursued the fugitive.  Anticipating such a move, the man hid himself along the road and waited.  As expected, Dorn and his mount swiftly approached.  The man fired again and the unicorn collapsed, flinging the rider from his back.  The creature groaned and then disappeared.  That danger out of the way, he approached the fallen rider.  He raised his dagger and was about to strike the prone man when the blade was ripped from his hand by a tiny feathered fury.  Adrian swooped down and stayed the man’s blade.  Dorn groaned in pain as he stood shakily; he drew his sword and held it to the man’s throat.  The little bird lit upon his good shoulder and glared at the killer with his eyes full of fury.  
“Who are you?” demanded Dorn, “And what foul magic or weapon are you using that makes so terrible a noise and inflicts so grievous a wound?”  
The man laughed, “you would most certainly like to know but you never shall.”  As he spoke, an arrow pierced Dorn’s chest and he fell to the ground like a stone.  Adrian shrieked in fury and grief, taking to the air as his friend fell dead.  The evil man laughed and mocked the bird, “nice trick featherbrain, but your master is dead nonetheless.  Looks like you must fend for yourself now.”  
The archer crawled from his hiding place and laughed, “you talk to birds now?  We had best get moving before the locals come looking for the source of all the commotion.”  
Adrian wished with all his heart to slay the men, but he could not best both of them and doubted he could even slay one before he himself was killed.  He was still far from proficient with a blade.  With a grieving heart he winged his way back to Astoria to tell the Lady of the terrible new weapon the enemy possessed and that they seemed to be targeting any of the Brethren they found abroad in the world.  Stranger still, none of men were part of the Brotherhood.  They did not even know who this strange new enemy was.  


Chapter 13

Benn trailed along after his new ‘master’ and tried to look excited.  He hoped Dorn and Griffin were having a better time of things.  Jerde was doing a very good job impersonating one of the Brethren and then dashing the peasants’ hopes for justice or insight.  Benn feared that soon the man would demand his support or help, thus far he had escaped doing anything harmful but he hated himself for standing by and doing nothing as he watched the man destroy the hope the people placed in him.  He knew he could not remain idle if it happened again.  His chance came that night as they took a room at the inn in a thriving market village.  The locals welcomed such honored personages with great joy and several people brought their cases before the two to be judged.  
An old woman stood forth with two young men with greedy eyes.  She said, “I am a widow and these two brutes would run me off my late husband’s land.”  
One of the men sneered, “it is obvious that she cannot work the land and it would not please our lord to have it remain fallow.  We claim her land simply to maintain the peace of the country.”  
Jerde said, “it is obvious you two young men have the best interests of all at heart.  You are right in what you have done.”  
Benn shook with fear but his heart was moved by even greater grief, “wait!  This is injustice and all of you know it.”  
“Silence boy!” roared Jerde, “You are not one to judge here.  I am the master, you the apprentice, and I have not given you leave to speak.”  
“I will not wait for leave to speak,” said the boy stiffly, “you have no right to judge here.”  
Jerde laughed, “and who are you to say that?  I have every right as granted by the Master, the Lady, and the Common Law.”  
“You have no right at all,” said the boy quietly, “you have not sworn the Oath and therefore can claim none of those rights or duties.”  
“You are bold for one so young,” said he, “what game are you playing at?  Defy me and I might slay you for a heretic.”  
The boy turned to the old woman, “listen to nothing this man says.  He is a charlatan and a fraud.  He wears the uniform but is not of the Brethren.  The land is yours by right and you may sell it if you wish or I would suggest renting it to another for a fair price.  This should settle the wrath of your lord and also give you an income.”  The old woman smiled warmly and thanked the boy.  The two men glowered; Jerde looked on the brink of violence.
Jerde said coldly, “and who gives you the right to judge?”  
The boy smiled, “I claim the right to judge by my position as one of the Brethren.”  
“Hah,” laughed Jerde coldly, “you are no more one of the Brethren than I am.”  
Benn smiled and their audience gasped as the man gave away their little secret.  “I can prove it,” said the boy, “and you cannot.”  Jerde began to feel a bit nervous at this, but he still doubted the boy’s words and thought that perhaps he was just trying to gain control of the ruse.  “Bring your horse,” said the boy.  It could not be, but he had little choice but to comply.  They fetched their horses from the inn’s stable and stood on the village green.  “Is it a unicorn?” asked the boy.  
Jerde glowered, “mine is no more a unicorn than yours is.  These people already know this is all a trick.”  
The boy faced the perplexed onlookers, “this is a trick.  The Academy of Arca is desperate for the respect granted the Brethren after centuries of service for the common good.  They are sending out men who pretend to be of the Brethren but are not.  This man is one such.  I, however am what I say.  Trust the judgment of none of these impostors unless they prove their identity.”  With that, he asked his mount to unveil his form.  Jerde’s horse screamed in terror and fought to free himself and flee the terrible sight.  Jerde gaped at the glorious beast that towered over him, humbled by its strength and beauty.  
He said, “you have shown more honor and wisdom than I possess.  I now see how terrible this plot is.  I would deprive a widow of her livelihood to advance a ruthless cause.  No longer shall I participate in this shameful scandal.”  
“Will you help me stop this vile practice and see true justice done?” asked the boy.  
Jerde smiled grimly, “it is my duty but first we must ride back to the other villages where I have wrought such terrible wrong.”  Benn nodded his agreement.  The people were intrigued by these tidings and word soon passed to the neighboring villages and also spread with merchants and travelers.  The two went back to rectify the wrongs that had been done and then proceeded to interfere with the efforts of their former colleagues.

In those days the Brethren were quite literally everywhere from the Eastern Sea to the Western Mountains and even beyond in the strange land of Westria.  They roamed the Wilds of the North and wandered all the way south to the Southern Kingdoms that perched upon the sea.  Their words were eagerly heard by many but disdained by others.  There was a great hunger in the hearts of men to hear such things during those dark days that only continued to grow darker.  All felt deep in their hearts that time was growing short though none knew time for what.  It seemed also that the deepest yearnings of the heart would no longer be suppressed or ignored and men clamored for meaning and knowledge to quench their disquiet souls.  But the Academy was not lax in its efforts to spread its own influence abroad and its agents too roamed the world distorting truth and justice.  Some grew indifferent to the influences of either.  Some grew hostile.  Many embraced the strange words of Professor Litch and dismissed the Brethren altogether.  Others gained a firm commitment to the Master after years of indifference or even hostility or doubt.  
While men vied for the hearts, minds, and souls of the nations, another force was abroad.  The strange new weapon gave the Brotherhood and their mercenaries a great advantage and made them far more deadly.  They hunted the Brethren wherever they could find them.  Occasionally they felled agents from the Academy by mistake, but as these imposters furthered their own purposes they tried to spare them when they could.  Most of the agents used by the Brotherhood were mercenaries, interested in the new weapon rather than men sworn body and soul to the Nameless One.  The results were still the same.  

The weary Adrian finally reached Astoria with his dire tidings.  He came to rest upon the sill of the same window he had used upon his last visit.  And as before, he met the same confused servant.  The man only said, “you wish to see the Lady?”  Adrian smiled wearily and nodded.  The Lady was surprised when she saw Adrian bowing himself into her presence.  He looked weary and grief stricken.  This would not be the first ill tidings that had reached her of late.  
He said, “Lady, Dorn has fallen and strange new enemies are abroad with a terrible weapon.  It makes a horrible noise and can rip a man apart with some sort of projectile, yet is small enough to be hidden under a cloak.  The men we encountered were not part of the Brotherhood yet they hunt us wherever we roam.”  
The Lady nodded grimly, she had heard the like before.  She said, “you are not the first to come bearing such tidings.  We must continue in our efforts to win the hearts of the people even if it destroys us.  The Master was explicit in His command.  It is a dangerous time to be numbered among the Brethren but then it always has.  Many of my servants have fallen and more undoubtedly will.  Even if Astoria itself falls, we must be firm in our endeavors.  The time grows short.”  
Adrian gave her a strange look and asked, “everyone seems to think and feel the same.  But time grows short for what or who?”  
The Lady shook her head ruefully, “you know as well as I.  Do what you can to stop these frauds from the Academy and protect your comrades in the field.  May the Master ride with you.”  Adrian bowed himself out and sought his bed, for he was greatly wearied with travel and grief.  As soon as he had the strength he was off again to see of what use he could be to his friends.

Tia rode along a wooded road in southern Thespia, wondering what her reception would be like this night.  She was in a conflicted area.  One of the frauds from the Academy was about and he was making her job difficult and the damage he had wrought would take generations to heal, if it ever did.  Some villages she was barred from even entering.  One she had been driven from with threats of violence.  Others just ignored her.  Perhaps her only choice was to find the imposter and stop him.  She packed away her uniform and rode as a simple woman, not one of the much disputed Brethren.  The man was very close and she overtook him quickly; she sat in the common room as the man spouted useless drivel.  Word had spread that the Brethren were not to be trusted and no one dared ask him to dispense justice.  
She could bear it no longer and stood, challenging the man, “how can you claim to be one of the Brethren and speak such nonsense?”  
The man sneered, “how would a meager mind such as yours understand these things?”  
Tia said, “the Brethren are servants to others, not rude and arrogant towards them.  I think you are an imposter!”  The bored audience was now becoming quite interested in what was passing between the girl and the supposed man of Astoria.  “Show me your unicorn if you are what you claim,” challenged Tia. 
The man scowled, “I will do no such thing.  I have no reason to deign to such levels.  You must take me as you find me.”  
Tia laughed, “I have no intention of taking you anywhere.  You are nothing I would want!”  The audience laughed.  
The man grew angry and said, “let us have a contest of wits then.  Whoever wins can declare their prize.”  
The girl smiled, “let us begin.  How shall it go?”  
The man said, “I shall ask a question and you shall answer and then you shall ask and I shall answer.  The first to answer three correctly wins or three incorrectly loses.  Questions must be of common knowledge.”  
She nodded and the audience focused on the two with rapt attention.  The man smirked and said, “what caused peace between dragons and men?”  
Tia said, “the Treaty of Indifference was signed ages ago between the two races as both were being decimated by the constant violence.  The dragons withdrew into the North and men remained in the South.”  
The man scowled and said, “correct.”  
Tia beamed and asked, “how many battles of Corona were there?”  
The man grinned, “six.”  
Tia nodded and the man asked, “what constitutes slavery?”  
Tia said, “keeping any sapient creature against its will unless deemed necessary for its own safety or the safety of others in matters regarding wrongdoing, madness, or a creature that is underage in the care of its legal guardian.”  
“You sound like a book of the law,” growled the man.  
Tia smiled, “it helps if one knows the law if one wishes to dispense it.  What is the greatest gift a unicorn can give any man?”  
The man laughed, “the creatures give their lives into the service of the Brethren.  What more can they give?”  
Tia shook he head, “they can trade their lives for the life of another and take wounds or sickness upon themselves thus healing the other.  How do you not know that if you are so intimately associated with the creatures?”  
The man scowled, “you made that up.  There is no such ability.”  
Tia sighed, “I guess we are at an impasse.”  
The man sneered, “go away and leave me alone.”  
Tia said, “I have tried this peacefully but now the time has come for justice.  You are an imposter and a fraud and I demand you reveal yourself to these people whom you have wronged.”  
“And what gives you any authority in this matter?” sneered the man coldly.  
“I am one of the Brethren and you are not,” said she.  
“Good!” said a sinister voice, “I had hoped so but you seem to have lost your uniform, but now you shall not be needing it.”  The man threw the knife he had been clutching and it buried itself in the girl’s chest.  She fell to the ground and clutched at the hilt, gasping for breath.  The imposter knelt beside the wounded girl, not knowing what to do.
The sinister man stood idly by and waited for death to come.  To pass the time, he said to the imposter, “I think this whole little scheme of yours is a brilliant idea.  We killed a few of your lot by accident until we figured out what a boon you are to us.  I think between us we may soon make an end of these irritating truth-mongers.  Then the world can descend into chaos as is only proper and would have done so long since save for the likes of her.”  
Tia’s face was pale and her breathing raged.  A great cacophony arose from the direction of the stables and she knew Kozak was coming.  She willed the creature away but he ignored her, she was too weak to argue.  He crashed through the inn door and forced his way through the common room.  Every eye was wide in surprise and terror as the great beast sought his dying mistress.  He knew she could never ask it of him but neither could his great heart simply let her die without him trying to help her or follow after.  
“No Kozak,” she said weakly, but he paid her no heed, save to nuzzle her gently in farewell.  Her color returned and her breathing normalized, but tears stung her eyes as she saw the noble creature fall, shudder, and vanish.  
The imposter stared in amazement and said, “I guess there is such a skill.”  
She drew her sword, just in time to block the second attempt by the same man who had tried to kill her.  He smiled, “you are a stubborn lot but it just makes the game more fun.”  
“Who are you?” asked she as they whirled about in a deadly dance of cold steel.  He smiled, “just a man who wants to see the world become what it should be.”  
She smiled, “the Master has already won.  You shall never succeed in the end, but perhaps you may triumph for a little while.”  The man was good but he could not ward off two blades at once.  The imposter stabbed him in the back while Tia fought with him, perhaps not honorable, but not undeserved.  She collapsed in a weakened heap.  
The imposter helped her to a chair and brought her a mug of wine.  “Tell me more of the Master,” said he.  She smiled and all listened intently as she told many a tale that night.

Geff looked out across the scowling faces of the crowd.  His hands were bound and they looked ready to do murder.  They had a right.  One of the by now infamous imposters had recently passed through and had made a terrible declaration.  A woman claimed to have been raped and the scoundrel ordered her flogged for lying.  In her grief and mortification she took her own life and the criminal walked free only to assault another girl.  By then the man had ridden on and Geff had wandered into the village unawares.  
“What have you to say for the supposed justice of the Brethren now?” screamed the mother of the dead girl.  
“Send him to his beloved Master and let him be the judge,” shouted another.  
“You call this justice?” growled a stern looking man mounted on a rangy sorrel gelding, “Has this man been tried and found guilty of anything?  Will his death heal hurting hearts or bring back the dead or punish the scoundrel who wrought this tragedy?  Will it do anything but make you all guilty of murder?”  The madness of the crowd flagged a little as the man spoke.  
Then someone yelled, “but someone needs to pay!  He is of the same mold as that other scoundrel.”  
There were many cries of agreement.  Geff then spoke, “the man who did this great injustice was not of the Brethren.  He wore the uniform, but that was as close as he came.  Your anger is warranted, but not at me.  Let me track this man down and apprehend him.  Then we shall all have justice.”  
“How do we know you will not turn tail and run?” scowled one man.  
“I shall ride with him,” said the stranger.  
“How do we know that you will not ride off too?” asked the man.  
“Come with us,” grinned the man.  
This quieted argument from that quarter at least.  There was much discussion and finally the crowd accepted this more sensible solution.  Geff glanced at the rope with which they had been planning to lynch him and was more than grateful to have escaped such a fate.
They loosed his hands and returned his sword.  He approached Turin with a broad smile and said, “it is good to see you!”  
Turin smiled grimly, “let us track down this fiend ere he wreaks more havoc.”  Geff nodded and swung himself into his saddle.  “We shall return with the scoundrel,” said Turin, “and then I think you owe the boy an apology!”  The mindless mass was dead silent and watched stonily as the pair rode off.  
“Where is Kard?” asked Geff.  
Turin said, “he is off on his own now.  I hope he has not fallen afoul of these men who hunt us like deer.  It seems even the peasants are rising against us now.  It is not safe to go about in uniform anymore.”  Geff nodded grimly.  
It was the work of a few days to find the man.  He sat like a king holding court in the center of a common room.  He dealt out one unjust declaration after another.  Many went away grim faced or weeping.  Turin and Geff approached with swords drawn.  
“Sir we must arrest you,” said Geff grimly, “your bad judgment has caused trouble enough.  You must come and face justice in the village you left a few days ago.”  
The man scowled and looked to the villagers, “would you let these two rascals apprehend one who would risk his very life to save you?”  They just stared at him stonily.  
Turin said, “pay no heed to the judgments this villain has just passed out.  He is a liar and a scoundrel.  He has no part in the Brethren!”  
The man sneered, “and how would you know?”  
Geff grinned, “because we are the real thing.  Now move.  Your shenanigans nearly cost me my life.”  The man had little choice but to surrender his weapon and go with his two captors.  
“You will regret this,” snarled the man.  
Geff smiled, “I would regret it more if I just let you go.”  They took him back to the village and let them deal with him as justice demanded.  The villagers were appeased and Turin and Geff now went their separate ways to right the wrongs the man had wrought in the area.

By now word had spread far and wide that there were men who impersonated the Brethren abroad and few now would trust in the words of the real thing unless they could produce a unicorn or some other sign that they were truly what they said.  Many even then would not listen.  The Brethren righted what wrongs they could, but the damage to hearts and minds was great.  The imposters had done their job very well in any locality in which they had yet found themselves.  They had yet to number enough to reach the whole world, but the areas they did infest were devastated by their passing.  The hearts of the Brethren were grieved, but they pushed on with their duties nonetheless and tried to spread the hope that could be found only in the Master.  The sinister men with their strange weapon continued to eat away at the ranks of the Brethren, and one by one their voices fell silent.  Word also spread of this and many shied away from the Brethren for fear of encountering such a situation, for the Brethren were not the only victims.  But the hunger for knowledge and meaning drove men in search of wisdom even amidst the gathering dark.  There were still ears to hear as long as there were those willing to speak and the Brethren were so willing until the last of them was expunged from the earth.  
Adrian found Griffin and told him of what had happened to Dorn.  They mourned for their friend but not as men without hope.  They would meet again, perhaps sooner than any of them anticipated.  They also knew, somehow, that their own days were numbered.  Everywhere this feeling of imminent doom pressed upon the minds and hearts of men.  The Brethren had never felt a greater urgency to spread their message, neither had the forces of darkness felt so bold or so eager to carry on their endless war against the servants of the Master.  All was astir and only time would tell what the end result would be.  
The two men had taken it as their mission to track down the imposters and see that they were exposed as the frauds they were.  They fixed what they could but much was beyond repair.  They were becoming a true threat to the plots of the High Chancellor, which made them prime targets for those who benefitted from the growing chaos and unrest.  They were close upon the trail of yet another scoundrel when Adrian’s sharp eyes caught movement far ahead in the brush lining the road.  Someone lay in wait for them.  They were about to turn their mounts and go back the way they had come when the unicorns alerted them to the presence of horses behind.  Three men on horseback approached from behind and four men emerged from the shrubbery ahead.  They were surrounded.  They could make a dash into the woods, but the men afoot held bows with arrows nocked and the three on horseback held what could only be the strange new weapons.  
“Hello gentlemen,” said a familiar voice, “ah, Griffin I see we meet again.  Now if you had remained with us you could be enjoying all the fun we have been having in recent months with all of your colleagues, and now it seems yourself as well.”  Gorp grinned broadly, “and you have even brought a friend with you.  I never liked the idea of dying alone.  What are friends for if not this?”  
“What do you want?” growled Griffin, “If you are going to kill us you might as well be about it.  Else we can draw swords and go down fighting.”  
Gorp grinned, “of course we are going to kill you.  You have made a veritable nuisance of yourself of late.  However, I must thank you for sparing me the embarrassment of presenting that girl to my masters thinking her the Lady, that would have been a fatal mistake indeed, not to mention humiliating.  But do not worry about the Lady, her turn will come soon enough.  Your new friends will all succumb and darkness will overrun the world.”  
Griffin shrugged, “we will fight the oncoming night as long as we draw breath and perhaps after that.  It has been an honor and a pleasure my friend.  Farewell.  Escape if you can.”  
Adrian looked sadly at his friend, “I cannot leave you to such as these.”  
Griffin smiled grimly, “we need not all die.  Go!”  
Adrian’s unicorn agreed and promptly flung him from the saddle.  Knowing what he had to do, but wishing he could remain with his friends until the end, he swiftly changed forms.  He almost thought himself free, but the villains were not so overcome with confusion or amazement that they lost control of themselves or their weapons.  They saw the horse buck, the man go flying, and then a little hawk fly free.  The weapons rang loud in the darkness as the kestrel disappeared in a burst of feathers.  Only a few feathers floated slowly to earth to witness his passing.  
Grieved, Griffin drew his sword, the unicorns revealed their terrible beauty, and fell upon those barring their way.  The horses fled in terror with their riders yet clinging to their saddles.  Adrian’s unicorn fell with an arrow in his heart but took one of the archers with him.  Griffin rode down two more, but the fourth felled Kimba with his first shot and caught Griffin in the leg with his second.  The wounded Griffin hopped about on one leg like an ungainly stork but could still wield his sword.  With the unicorns gone, the riders were able to master their maddened mounts.  They rode up slowly and watched the last archer exchanging sword blows with the injured man.  They knew it would not be long, the outcome was inevitable, but it was still amusing to watch their foe fighting hopelessly for his life.  They loved nothing better than despair.
Griffin held the other man's sword at bay as long as he could, but standing on one leg, with an arrow in the other, while fighting a perfectly healthy adversary is not conducive to a long fight or a positive outcome.  He began to tire and the other man pressed his advantage, attacking with even more fury.  Griffin managed to block yet another brutal attack, but his blade went wide, leaving him unable to block the next stroke.  The man's blade pierced Griffin's chest and he fell to his knees, breathing harshly.  He stared defiantly up at his foes.  
Gorp laughed as he dismounted, drew forth his own blade, and approached his stricken foe.  He gloated, “it is a pity we haven’t the time to watch you die slowly, alas we have an appointment with your precious Lady and this time she will not escape the fate that is due her.  You are dead Griffin!  You have lost!”  
Griffin smiled grimly as a trickle of blood escaped the corner of his mouth, “I may be dead but I have not lost.  It is you and your foul masters that are on the losing side!”  
Gorp laughed, “very soon we shall see who has the right of it.  All you now cherish and hold dear will soon be laid waste and utterly destroyed.  I hope your newfound piety was worth the price!  Fear not that you die in vain, for it has brought much joy to my day.  If I cannot watch you die in lingering agony, perhaps this will prove just as satisfying.”  He raised his blade and struck true.  Griffin’s headless form fell limply to the ground.  Gorp smiled in satisfaction and wiped his blade on the slain man’s cloak.  He turned to his men and said, “mount up!  We ride for Astoria and absolute victory.  The others will join us as they finish their own targets.”  His men cheered and they galloped off into the night.
Griffin was left alone in the darkness with his own corpse.  He wondered why he was again dead and still remained in the waking world.  This was becoming a habit and he was not sure he liked it.  What was he supposed to be doing?  Why did he linger?  He heard a sound like muffled laughter behind him and turned his head curiously.   Adrian and Dorn were at his back, patiently sitting their unicorns.  Kimba stood beside them and whickered in greeting.  Dorn was the amused one, "Griffin, it is not as if you have never been dead before.  Why do stand there gaping?  We have work to do."  
Griffin smiled at his friends and asked hopefully, "work?"  
Dorn grew serious, "it is Time."  
"Time for what?" asked Griffin as he climbed into his saddle.  
"The end of the world," said Dorn simply.  
"What?!" asked Griffin.  
Dorn shrugged, "it must come someday."  
Griffin shook his head, "I just never thought it would be in my lifetime."  
Dorn glanced grimly at Griffin’s corpse and said, "it is no longer your lifetime my friend.  Come, the Master calls.  He again walks the earth and soon the Enemy himself will stir.  We must be there to protect the living from his minions."  
"Who is we?" asked Griffin, "Just the three of us?"  
Dorn smiled, "and several thousand others.  He has brought all the Brethren with Him."  
"What?" gasped Griffin, "you cannot mean...?"  
Dorn laughed, "yes, everyone who has ever served the Brethren awaits the Master’s orders, including Astoria herself."  
As if dying were not excitement enough for one day, now Griffin also had to deal with the end of time and meeting many thousands of his comrades!  He was terrible with names and was not sure he looked forward to such a gathering.  They rode north towards their onetime home.  They quickly overtook Gorp and his men and then passed them by.  They could travel as swiftly as a storm-driven wind.  They need not pass around such obstacles as lakes, trees, or barns but simply rode over or through them and not even the grass stirred in their passing.  In no time at all (or it could have been years, such things were irrelevant now) they arrived upon the great open fields surrounding Astoria.  There was gathered the full host of the Brethren as Dorn had said, and among them stood the Master Himself.  He approached and all three dismounted, the men and unicorns bowing deeply. 
Dorn then stood and he and his unicorn vanished into the great throng of the Brethren.  The strangest thing was that Griffin seemed to know each and every one, as if they had known one another all their lives!  Maybe it would not be such an overwhelming meeting after all.  
Both men knelt before the Master, He addressed Adrian first, "well met, little one.  I am very proud of you, but you yet have duties to be about.  Go north to your people and defend them against the vile demons that will soon be loosed upon the world.  Then send them to Me."  Adrian blushed like a pleased but embarrassed girl, then bowed deeply, and was soon astride his unicorn.  He quickly vanished into the distance, moving faster thought.  
The Master then turned His attention to Griffin, "you have done well, child but are not yet finished.  Find your former apprentice, he will need to know that when he faces the fell servants of the Enemy that he can overcome them even though he has not yet been lost to time.  The Enemy will loose his minions before time itself has failed and I will not allow them to fall upon the peoples of the earth unchallenged, to terrorize and kill at will.  The Brethren shall stand between My people and these monsters.  Those of you already beyond time have nothing to fear but those trapped in the flesh would fall, save that I shall call My servants out of time ere the beasts come.  Once time itself fails, mortals have nothing to fear from the beasts but until it does they are physically vulnerable.  Go and warn your apprentice that he must stand betwixt the people and the fell things that shall come upon them.  But first there is one small task you must be about."  Griffin bowed and was in the saddle and halfway to his destination before he even knew where he was going or even that he had left.  He smiled wryly, eternity would take some getting used to it seemed. 


Chapter 14

The day was hardly begun but they must press hard if they were to overtake their quarry before he could dispense more faulty justice.  Benn and Jerde had only learned of the pretender the previous night when they had stopped at an inn for some much needed sleep.  The man had passed through not long ago and there were many hurting hearts left in his wake.  They took what sleep they could and then departed early, in hopes of catching the man ere he could strike again.  Once the man had been stopped they would retrace his steps and try to repair the damage he had wrought but there was much beyond repair.  He had made no secret of his next destination thus tracking him would not be difficult.  
As they rode, the road narrowed and the surrounding forest encroached upon either side.  The foliage was dense overhead as was the undergrowth beneath; the waxing daylight struggled to reach through the tangle.  They were nearly on top of the carnage before they saw it.  Nearly lost in the shadows, four men lay dead upon the road with various accouterments of the deceased strewn about like a child’s discarded playthings.  The pair exchanged a troubled look and dismounted to investigate, ever mindful of the precious minutes they were losing in their pursuit.  Three of the men lay together and looked as if they had been trampled, several broken bows lay among them.  
The fourth man had an arrow in his leg, had been stabbed through the chest, and then decapitated.  Jerde began scanning the nearby vegetation for the missing head.  Benn was looking over two sets of tack complete with saddles, bridles, blankets, and saddle bags that lay in the road, as if the horses had simply vanished into thin air.  His heart sank as he realized what must have happened.  A little digging in the saddlebags produced what he had been dreading: a tunic belonging to one of the Brethren.  He took his grim prize and approached his companion.  Jerde finally found what he was looking for and stood staring at it with a puzzled look on his face.  
As Benn approached, Jerde said, “I could swear I have seen this man before, but I cannot remember where.  What did you discover?”  Benn silently handed him the tunic, which produced a small gasp from Jerde, but as Benn looked at the cause of Jerde’s perplexity he sank to his knees in shock and disbelief.  Jerde watched Benn’s reaction with concern, saying, “now I recognize the man.  He was one of those sent out to impersonate the Brethren, just as we were.  Why such grief on your part for another corruptor of justice?  Who are those other men and what do you think happened here?”  
Benn turned haunted eyes upon his companion and said, “this man was no pretender.  He was one of the Brethren and my dearest friend.  It looks as if two of my colleagues were ambushed by those who are rumored to be hunting us.  Two unicorns and my friend died last night but I do not know what happened to the other, but I doubt he survived the encounter.  There are many hoof prints about and I think the rest of the villains rode off after finishing their task.”
Jerde was silent for a moment then said, “I am sorry for your loss.  Should we hunt down those responsible?”  
Benn shook his head gravely, “our task is to pursue the imposter but you must know what you risk in continuing this venture.  A similar fate may befall us, are you still willing to press on in this task?”  
Jerde said, “this is a grisly reminder of what I risk on this insane quest but I will continue as I have begun else who will put an end to this madness?  Let us bury your friend and then finish the task they were unable to complete.  I doubt not that they were in pursuit of the same scoundrel as we are.”  
Benn smiled gratefully, “this is not an easy thing for me, but your friendship and dedication make it a little easier.”  They stayed only long enough to bury Griffin and then were soon in the saddle, determined to put an end to another scoundrel and his lies. 

Turin waded through the knee deep mire as he pursued the dark man through the rain soaked night.  The man had attempted his life at the cozy little inn, which precipitated this chase into the cold and soaking dark.  His unicorn followed patiently, ever vigilant for some sign of man or beast.  Turin tried to find some hint of their quarry as they slowly slogged forward.  The man and his foul beast had taken refuge in this vile swamp and he knew the pair lurked somewhere ahead.  His unicorn caught the scent of one of the lurkers; they were close.  Too close.  He found himself eye to eye with the thing.  The man upon its back laughed coldly with grim delight.  
Turin made for his saddle but before he could move, the horrible thunder of the new weapon rang in the darkness.  He could hardly see but the great splash and groan that followed the noise told him all he needed to know: his unicorn had fallen.  He turned back to face the monster before him, knowing that facing one of the creatures afoot was suicide but having one at your back was even worse.  He had barely turned around when the thing was at his throat.  He had one last, desperate moment and thrust his blade into its chest.  They collapsed into the mire together. 
The rider leapt from the monster’s back as it fell and stared down at his slain mount.  His quarry stirred as little as the creature.  The man smiled to himself and went in search of dry clothes and a warm meal.  He would have to procure a horse before he rode north in the morning.  
Turin thought the beast would surely have killed him, but as he still clung to consciousness he could only assume he yet clung to life.  He waited under the water as long as he dared, hoping the man had already left.  Strangely he did not feel the desperate need for air that he thought he should, neither did the cold or wet bother him any longer.  He finally stood and realized that his assumptions had been entirely wrong.  The thing had succeeded in its mission but why did he linger still?  His unicorn stood where he had fallen and greeted Turin with a whicker.  Turin patted the neck of the great creature while he tried to quiet his reeling mind.  What had happened that he remained in this living death?  In the world, but not of it?  
His eyes searched the darkness, hoping for some sign.  They fell upon Tristan.  His old friend dismounted and they greeted each other warmly.  Then Turin asked, "what is going on?"  
Tristan smiled grimly, saying, "time itself draws to an end.  The Master walks the world once more and we with Him.  There is much yet to be done, as the Enemy himself will soon be abroad.  We must go."  Turin gaped but followed Tristan's example and swung into his saddle.  
They rode for what seemed moments but covered a distance that would have taken days for mortal men.  They stopped outside a small village and waited patiently.  Turin looked to Tristan, and asked, “what is our business here?”  
Tristan said simply, “we have another friend to collect ere we ride to meet the Master.”  
Turin was not sure whether he looked forward to or dreaded what was to come.  Watching a friend die would not be pleasant, but then greater things waited beyond death than he had ever dreamed.  Death was only something to be feared by those without hope.  For those beyond, it was simply a door through which one passed into greater things and true life, and was just as unremarkable thereafter as any other door.  
A small band of horsemen made their way along the road into the village and among them rode a grim looking Geff.  As they entered the village, bowstrings sang in the night and Geff’s mount stumbled, fell, and vanished.  The boy was thrown to the ground and found himself quickly surrounded by angry and frightened villagers.  
One man asked of the newly arrived horsemen, “he is one of them?”  The horsemen nodded grimly.  
The boy stood and said, “you cannot do this.”  
The man who had spoken laughed gravely, “we must boy.  A villain passed through not long ago, hunting one of your kind.  He killed three of our folk with some dreadful weapon and promised to return and do the same to the rest of us if we failed to deal swiftly with any of your comrades who passed through.  I thought you were willing to die to defend the innocent?”  
Geff smiled grimly, “I will fight for a just cause but I will not willingly stand by and let you commit murder!  Can you not see that this man wishes to make you as himself?  He will use your fear to destroy you.”
“Silence,” growled the man, “I am sorry, but it must be done.  Let us be done with it ere we lose our nerve.”  The gathered villagers murmured angrily and surrounded the boy, armed with rusty swords, axes, kitchen knives, and other makeshift weapons.  Geff drew his own sword, intending to defend himself but not willing to strike at any of his would-be murderers.  
“Remember,” said the man, “everyone has to strike and none of us will be guilty of murder.  It is self-defense after all.”  
The villagers murmured their agreement and closed in on the boy.  Twenty to one were terrible odds even with untrained foes.  Geff desperately blocked as many of his assailants as he could, but there was no way he could block them all.  It was soon over and the boy fell to his knees, mortally wounded.  The murderous horde closed in around him like so many wolves on a wounded deer.  Tristan and Turin could see nothing of Geff through the crowd after that save an outstretched arm as he fell to the ground.  The hand convulsed weakly and then lay still.  The villagers drew back in horror from what they had done and stared down in dread at the hewn form of the boy.  Geff wandered out of the crowd, as amazed as any of his killers.  His unicorn wandered over and nuzzled him enthusiastically.  He stroked the great neck in return and watched the stricken villagers curiously.  
“What have we done?” shrieked one man.  
Another keened, “he was naught but a boy!”  
Still another wailed, “innocent blood is on our hands.  We have become as bad as the vile man we all fear.  It would be better had we all died at the villain’s hands rather than to have committed such an atrocity!”  
There were many such outbursts of grief, fear, despair, mortification, disbelief, and regret.  It was at this moment that Gathir rode into the village, his unicorn unmasked.  His mount had sensed the dire fate that had befallen Geff’s mount and they had come as quickly as they could, only to arrive too late.  The villagers backed away in terror but soon fell to their knees in grief that overcame their fear.  
Gathir looked at them grimly and asked, “what have you done?”  
One of the village elders wept, “we are guilty of murder and beg that you mete out what justice demands.”  Gathir dismounted and began to talk with the bereaved people of the village and many that day found hope and peace in the Master.
Geff smiled, at least his death had not been in vain.  His mind then began to wonder why he was allowed to witness the spectacle.  Only then did he notice Turin and Tristan standing nearby.  He smiled, “and who might you be?  The Welcoming Committee of Death?”  His two friends laughed and they exchanged eager greetings.  
Turin smiled, “I see you have not learned your lesson concerning angry villagers.  I cannot be here to save you every time you find yourself in such situations.”  
Geff laughed, “by your presence here I assume a similar fate has befallen you.  You should not lecture me on dying when it seems you precede me.”  
Turin laughed, “fair enough.”  
Tristan smiled, “now that the pleasantries are over let us be about the Master’s business.  Geff, there is one other you must seek out ere you ride for Astoria.  You shall know what to do.  We shall meet again when all is over.”  The three mounted up and dispersed upon their various errands, Geff only beginning to realize what his own errand was ere he met the Master.

Tia sat across the table from an attractive woman in her middle years, discussing some minor point that had come up in one of her tales that evening.  She took a sip of her wine and felt a sudden pain in her back that was an unwelcome reminder of the time not long ago when she had been stabbed.  Idly she glanced down and wondered how she was to get both blood and red wine out of her clothes; it was strange what one noticed at times like this!  She also noticed the woman smiling slightly as she stood and glanced at the girl's sprawled form.  The woman made her way out into the darkness without a word to anyone.  Tia glanced once at the arrow protruding from her own back and then looked up at the second story landing where she saw a dark figure disappearing out a window.  
Curious, she followed the woman out into the night where she met the dark archer behind the stable.  "I did my part in distracting her," said the woman.  
"Yes," said the man almost absently, "here is the price we agreed upon.  Now go.  We should not be seen together."  The man handed the woman a few coins and both disappeared into the night.  
Tia almost laughed at the ease with which the pair contrived murder.  Only then did she fully realize what had happened.  She stood alone in the darkness behind the stable and knew not why.  She went back towards the front of the inn and saw a curious sight.  It appeared that the tail end of a unicorn was protruding from the front wall of the inn.  At this she did laugh and the sound brought the whole creature out into the night.  Kozak whinnied happily and trotted over to nuzzle his mistress.  She smiled and felt tears of joy slide down her cheeks.  She had missed him dearly but still wondered for what purpose she remained in the mortal world.  
Geff rode up then and could answer her unasked questions.  "What happened to you?" asked she in surprise.  
He smiled ruefully and said, "I fell afoul of an angry mob of villagers once, but Turin helped me out of that mess.  He was not there to save me this time."  
Changing the subject to a perhaps less dismal topic he said, "you must wonder why we both remain here after our recent demise?"  She nodded.  He said, "the time of the end has come and we have duties to be about."  Amazed but starting to understand, she mounted and they rode off into the night, unseen by mortal eyes. 


Chapter 15

Astoria was defended by very few and most of those were boys too young to shave.  They lacked experience but not heart and took their duties very seriously.  They continually scanned the empty fields and winding road that made its way towards the gates of the city.  A dozen armed men on horseback approached at the gallop and the four boys guarding the gates stepped forward to block their way.  
"Out of the way," snarled the grim faced leader of the band.  
The boys stood firm and their leader said, "halt and state your business or you shall not pass."  
The man laughed but did not stop, neither did his companions.  At the last moment, the boys jumped aside lest they be ridden down.  The men stopped their headlong flight into the city, pulling their horses up short, turning to face the guards.  The battle was short, as the invaders had both superior numbers and experience.  The guards had had no chance to raise the alarm.  The invaders galloped on towards the castle, riding down anyone who was not quick enough to jump out of the way.  The guards upon the castle gates were quickly overcome and the invaders moved swiftly into the courtyard.  They left their horses in the courtyard and ran into the keep after killing the men upon the walls.  
They found a servant and held him at sword point, demanding that he show them to the Lady.  When he refused, they killed the man and found another, repeating the process until a servant finally gave in and led them deep into the castle.  The Lady had seen all of this from a window high above and prepared to meet the invaders.  Three of the Brethren were with her and half a dozen servants.  She ordered the servants to hide and prepared herself and the three warriors for their final confrontation.  They had insisted that she hide herself as well, but the villains would not stop until she was found; there was nothing to save her in the end.  At least confronting them directly might spare some of the servants.  
The men burst into her chamber and two fell immediately to two of her warriors, but the three were soon overcome by their numerically superior enemy.  Gorp grinned at the much-vaunted Lady of Astoria and said, "I have you at last my dear.  This time my quest shall not fail.  You and yours have ever been a thorn in the side of our masters.  The Brethren shall soon fail completely."  
The Lady stood her ground and bared her sword, "even if I fall the Master shall raise another in my place.  Even if all the Brethren fall and Astoria herself is destroyed we shall not fail while time lasts.  We shall ever be there to protect the weak from the strong, the innocent from those who would destroy them."  
Gorp grinned coldly, "a very nice sentiment, alas that you will not live to despair at the failure of your prediction.  My master assures me that you are the last Lady of Astoria and that these are the final days of the Brethren."  She trusted not in his words and so did not lose heart.  She trusted fully in the grace and promises of the Master and would until the bitter end and ever after.  The man said, "you are not afraid?  Perhaps I can remedy that.  I am sure by now you have heard of this."  He raised a strange looking object that could be nothing but the dreaded new weapon.  He smiled broadly, "it has been very helpful in decimating your ranks and now it shall do the same to you."  The shot rang out and the Lady fell.  The man's cold laughter echoed through the chamber as the hidden servants wept in horror. 

The Lady found herself laying face down on a grassy lawn, not on the cold stone floor of her chambers, as she had expected.  She rose to her knees and felt at her chest but saw no wounds or blood.  Then she glanced up and looked directly into the eyes of the Master.  She bowed her head and wished she could sink into the depths of the earth.  Futile tears ran down her cheeks.  How could she face Him after all that had happened?  Had she not single-handedly destroyed the Brethren?  She felt His gaze upon herself and a great urge to lift her eyes that she could not refuse.  She looked upon Him once more and saw love and grief written in the depths of His fathomless eyes.  
"I have failed utterly," was all she could say.  
"Nay child," came His voice with all the power that called the stars into being, "you have done all that I have asked of you.  You have served Me well and have no cause for shame.  Rise, Last Lady of Astoria.  You have come home at last."  
She smiled and felt all grief and doubt flee far from her, never to return.  She stood and then saw the whole host of the Brethren before her and was soon lost in a crowd of old friends anxious to greet her.  And then there was Tristan.  He smiled gently but said nothing.  She was silent a moment and then flung herself into his arms and they hugged for a very long time (or perhaps it was not that long at all, it was hard to tell).  
"I have missed you!" said she.  
He smiled and said, "and you never shall again."  She smiled in return and knew that he spoke the truth.  She had at last come home.  
The Master then stood before all of His servants, every knee went to the ground and each head was bowed.  He said, "the time has come.  The minions of the Enemy have been unleashed.  You know what you must do.  Go!"  Without a sound, the whole host was quickly mounted and disappeared in every direction to intercede between the vile servants of the Nameless One and all humanity in the last hours of the world. 

The noise created by the strange weapon echoed through the chamber as the Lady fell to the floor and lay still.  Gorp smiled down at his completed task and shared a broad grin with his surviving underlings.  They had been ordered to take the city and to kill the Lady.  He had balked at the idea of taking on such a mission with so few men but was pleasantly surprised to find Astoria all but abandoned.  Now the only question was what to do with the other inhabitants of the castle and the city proper?  The population might revolt when they learned of their new overlords.  He sighed, he might have to make examples of some of them to keep the rest in line.  
He surveyed the room and found only himself, his men, and the bodies of the slain Brethren.  Some muffled weeping came from an antechamber and upon investigation several hidden servants were found.  These were herded to a convenient corner and kept under the watchful eye of one of his men.  No reinforcements came to the aid of the Lady, which seemed to prove that the whole place was deserted save for the dead.  There were probably a few students and servants about but nothing to worry about.  Gorp glanced out the Lady's favorite window and took in the entire city and the surrounding fields.  
His blood ran cold as his eyes played over the distant fields.  They had walked into a trap.  The entire field was covered with men and unicorns!  He had his doubts that there could possibly be that many of the Brethren in existence for he had never seen so great a host before.  But why would they let the Lady die just to lure a dozen men to their deaths?  He looked back out the window and to his astonishment, the whole crowd was dispersing in a thousand directions at speeds to boggle the mind.  What was happening?  Soon only one great unicorn stood alone upon the field, but suddenly he was surrounded by an even greater throng of people.  Gorp stared in amazement, wondering if the entire population of the world had suddenly gathered outside the city.  
He must have spoken this thought aloud for a strange voice said, "you look upon all the people who have ever lived and were faithful to the Master.” 
Gorp turned towards the voice.  His men guarded the door and had not raised the alarm.  Strange things were afoot this day!  He was beginning to wish he had never come to this cursed city.  A man astride a unicorn stood before them in the midst of the chamber.  How had such a beast entered without making a noise or alarming his men?  His men looked just as befuddled as Gorp himself.  To make matters worse, the three dead men stood on the other side of the room though their bodies still littered the floor.  He glanced suspiciously at the Lady's prone form but she did not make an appearance.  Even these seeming ghosts looked confused but they focused their attention on their mounted comrade.  
"Who are you?" demanded Gorp, "And why should I not kill you?"  
The man smiled in amusement and said, "I am called Conrad and you cannot kill one who is already beyond such mortal concerns.  I have simply come to collect my colleagues and with their help evacuate the city."  
Gorp looked surprised, "you are not going to retake the city?"  
Conrad shook his head grimly, "the city and the entire earth will soon enough lie in ruins.  Enjoy it while you may, but if I were you I would carefully consider in whose keeping your soul lies.  The utter end of everything has come and your vile master will soon meet his final defeat.  I would not side with him but that is your decision.  We ask only that you allow us to lead the citizens of Astoria out of this place.  You can do what you like with the castle and the city."  
Gorp shrugged, "it would be one less thing I had to worry about.  We will not bother you if that is your task.  My duty is only to take the city and slay the Brethren.  If you are already dead, that is beyond my orders to deal with.  Be gone with your civilians and haunt us no more!"  
Conrad smiled grimly and turned to his fallen comrades, "come, time grows short.  The end is come and the Master walks the world again.  He has bidden us bring the people of Astoria out of the city to meet Him upon the fields without.  We must go."  
The Brethren still looked a tad confused but approached the cringing servants and herded them towards the door.  Gorp motioned for his men to let them pass.  The servants seemed terrified of these seeming ghosts but such was their trust in the Master and His servants that they did as they were told.  The servants and three Brethren afoot went through the door.  Conrad rode through the wall.  Gorp and his men stared after the retreating figures in absolute shock.  Perhaps it truly was the end of the world.
 
The rescued servants were sent throughout the castle to find any students and servants that still remained and to hustle them out into the fields.  The three Brethren went out into the city to start informing people of the need to leave.  Conrad rode down to the courtyard and found eight of the Brethren fallen, yet only seven huddled in a group like dazed sheep near one of the bodies.  The prone figure yet drew breath but was in sad shape.  He had taken an arrow in the chest and had fallen from the wall, breaking many bones.  He lay in a crumpled heap, unable to move and barely clinging to life.  Guelph had seen his fellows fall and had fallen in turn when the arrow struck, but after he hit the ground he could feel little below his neck and could not move at all.  He supposed he had broken his spine in the fall and was at least spared the pain of the arrow and his shattered limbs.  He then saw his slain comrades stand one by one, though they left their bodies where they had fallen.  They seemed confused as to why they still lingered in the world and gathered near Guelph, seeing him trapped in a dying body but not yet dead.  They hoped to offer some comfort to the dying man, if only by their company.  
They also did not quite know what to do with themselves, trapped as they were in the mortal world but unable to touch it.  Then one of their comrades came riding out of the keep, not bothering with such trivialities as opening doors but simply riding through them.  
Conrad looked at his confused comrades and smiled, saying, "the Master walks the world once more and we must evacuate the city.  That is why you linger still.  Three of our comrades are already at work.  Join them before the fell servants of the enemy are loosed and fall upon the living."  They looked regretfully at Guelph as they turned to go and Conrad said, "the Master has summoned us all: the living and the dead.  All are now beyond time and mortality.  Stand my friend, for the concerns of the flesh are behind you."  
As Conrad spoke, the arrow that had been stuck firmly in Guelph’s side fell to the ground, as if he were made of mist, and Guelph could sense his entire body again.  The breath that had come raggedly ceased to come at all, save through old habit.  Unlike his fallen friends, when Guelph stood he left no corpse behind.  He had passed from one life to the next without passing through the gates of death.  
He smiled at his friends and said, "come, we have duties to be about!"  Conrad smiled as well and all made haste into the city to assist in the evacuation. 
Evacuating Astoria was more difficult than they had thought.  One could not politely knock upon the door because one's hand went right through.  Panicking the citizens of Astoria because they realized you were not quite solid was not something they wished to do.  The people had heard or seen the violence at the gates and had quickly taken refuge indoors so there was no use asking the people in the streets to help evacuate their neighbors because the streets were abandoned.  Their only choice was to find a small group, explain the situation, and hope they did not panic.  They split up and each took a different area of the city, hoping things went smoothly.  
The servants of the enemy would soon be abroad and anyone yet living was at grave risk if they remained in Astoria.  Conrad hoped to find an open door and thus enter a human habitation without arousing suspicion, but all the doors he encountered were tightly closed.  He made due with sneaking through the back wall of a large inn and hoped no one saw him enter.  He walked down the hall past the rooms and into the common room where two dozen people huddled in small groups discussing what madness had befallen the city.  They fell into hopeful silence when they saw Conrad enter the common room.  
"What is happening?" asked one bold man, "Has the city fallen into enemy hands?"  
Conrad said, "the city is taken but that no longer matters.  We must evacuate Astoria immediately.  This crisis is far more dire than when the fell demon assaulted the city.  Go to every house and inn and spread the word.  We must leave immediately, take nothing but your loved ones.  Go!"  
"But what is happening?" asked the man again, "Why must we leave?  Has the Lady ordered this?" 
Conrad shook his head at their stubbornness but said, "the Lady has fallen and it is the Master Himself that orders the city emptied.  The end has come and the foul servants of the enemy will soon be upon us.  If you value your lives, make for the fields around the city.  If you remain here you will not live long to regret it."  
"Will the people who took the city not kill us if we go outside?" asked the now anxious man.  
Conrad said, "there are only a few of them and they will not hinder you in leaving."  
"Why not retake the city then if they are so few?" asked the persistent man.  
Conrad smiled grimly, "hear you nothing that I say?  The end of everything is at hand and all, including Astoria, will soon pass out of existence.  You have lingered long enough, be gone!"  
At his words many turned pale with fear but all stood and made their way out of the inn and began rousing their neighbors and friends.  Once word began to spread, people filled the streets like a flood.  The Brethren were kept busy trying to keep people calm and reminding them not to waste time packing but to flee immediately.  Many were not happy to abandon their possessions but the Brethren seemed adamant so they reluctantly did as they were told.  
As they exited the city, they found themselves facing the Master Himself upon the great fields surrounding Astoria.  All had to face Him and either fell to their knees in awe or fled in terror into the distant woods.  The children formed a merry band about Him and He greeted them with great joy.  Those that knelt before Him soon found themselves welcomed into the great throng behind Him and were reunited with many friends and relatives that had long since passed the gates of death.  There was much joy but also great grief in the whole business as some had chosen to reject that which was most important in the grand scheme of things.  Finally the city was emptied of all that were willing to go.  A few stayed to loot or because they wanted to see what would happen or just because they felt like it.  And then the monsters came seeking out any foolish enough to stay.
 
Gorp and his men remained in the Lady's chambers and watched the city empty and the strange happenings upon the field.  There had been some argument as to what to do next.  Some of the men were upset that their leader had simply let the Brethren go, to which Gorp responded, "they can walk through walls, what can I do to stop them?"  
This had quieted that argument but stirred other uneasy thoughts.  The men were certainly dead as their bodies stiffened on the floor, but what did this portend for their own souls upon death?  Their masters had assured them that there was nothing after the last breath but the Brethren seemed determined to prove them wrong.  If the Brethren were right about that, what else were they right about?  Gorp glanced down upon the field once more and even from this distance felt an overwhelming sense of awe and wonder and terror.  He had no doubts that he looked upon the Master himself.  His only hope was that their own vile master would come and finally defeat his ancient foe.  The more he looked and thought about it, the less he believed it possible.  
The door had been barred against further intrusion but it suddenly shattered like a dropped mug as a great snarling monster, in form like their lurkers but twice the size, stalked into the chamber and eyed the inhabitants hungrily.  "The time has come at last," hissed the thing.  Gorp and the others knew instinctively that here was no mortal beast but one of the lesser demons that were the greatest servants of their mutual master.  
Gorp smiled upon seeing the monster enter the chamber, he thought it quite an honor that their dark master would send the creature to aid them during these tumultuous times.  “We have succeeded in our mission,” said Gorp triumphantly to the monster, “has our master sent you to aid us?”  
The fell thing grinned coldly and said, “fool, I have not come to aid nor serve you but to utterly destroy you.  Your use is at an end and our master has given your pathetic souls to his greatest servants to serve as a source of eternal amusement.  You will look back on your lingering death as a pleasant experience by comparison with what you will endure ever afterwards.”  Horror passed across the faces of all the men in the room.  
Gorp protested, “but we have served faithfully and this is the reward we get?”  
“Reward?” scoffed the beast, “Who rewards a tool?  I hope you have no filthy notions that our master is at all merciful like the so-called Master.  Do you not know that the strong devour the weak, as is only natural?  I am strong and you are weak.  It is that simple and you will have all eternity to ponder this inevitability.  It was partially for this reason that our master rebelled against his maker in the beginning.  The Master had the unthinkable idea that the strong should protect and uphold the weak!  It is unnatural and cannot be allowed, thus the Nameless One set off on his own to put the world back the way it should ever have been.  You are tools and your use is at an end, save as playthings for me and my fellows.  Long have I hungered for this day.”
“If you are hungry,” said Gorp desperately, “there are many already slain.  Why not take advantage of them first?”  
The thing laughed but there was no mirth in the sound, “you take me for some carrion crow?  I hunger not for human flesh but for all the despair and horror that can be wrung from a human soul, such as you will have an eternity to provide.”  A man came in through the shattered door and interrupted the conversation.  Gorp was astonished to see who would dare interrupt the desperate scene.  The vile beast hissed like a frightened cat and spat, “be gone vile servant of my enemy.  You have no part in this!”  
Griffin smiled insolently at the thing and said, “as long as these men live and time lasts, they have a choice and are not utterly beyond hope.  Therefore I do have a part in this.  It is my part to stand between them and you.  Once life and time cease then even the Master will not draw them back from the path they have chosen.  But that time is not yet come.”  
“It shall be soon enough,” snarled the monster.  
“Griffin?” said Gorp in shock, “You are dead!  I killed you myself!  Why must you forever be interfering in my plans?  Can you not find somewhere else to haunt?  There must be a hundred abandoned castles in the world, why choose mine?”  
Griffin smiled, “I interfere because it seems this situation is beyond your abilities to handle.  The Master bids the Brethren stand between all that yet live and the likes of your friend here.”  
The thing hissed again at such an undignified reference.  “Be gone foolish one,” snarled the beast, “I cannot touch you while the Master reigns undefeated but his time of utter defeat is at hand.  Then all the fools that have put themselves in his keeping shall be forfeited to my master and thus to us.  I can assure you that you shall not enjoy what is to come.”  
Griffin faced the thing once more, “that time will never come.  It is your master that will soon bear the brunt of defeat and the whole lot of you shall be tossed back into the dismal pit that is yours by choice.”
Gorp said, “long have we served the Nameless One faithfully and now this brute claims he has come to kill us and then claim our souls for his own amusement.  Is that possible?”  
Griffin looked grim, “it is the lot you have chosen, though there is still some little time left to choose otherwise.  Once time ends or death takes you, there is no recanting your decision.  It is not too late to revoke the darkness.”  
The monster snarled, “I shall see to it that death comes swiftly upon them.  Why do you stand between us when it was they that slew you?  Their lives can mean nothing to you.”  
Griffin smiled grimly and drew his sword, “all lives matter to the Master and His concerns are my concerns.  You will not touch them.”  
The monster grinned, “you shall rue this day forever once my master has conquered yours.  I shall make much sport of you.”  
Griffin grinned, “your master was defeated the moment he rebelled and has not yet realized it or is perhaps just denying the truth.  I shall cast you back from whence you came.”  The yet living men drew back to the far side of the room as the monster approached ominously.  Griffin was there to stand between them and the fell beast.  
“Out of my way!” hissed the monster.  Griffin raised his blade to strike but the thing lashed out like a snake at Gorp.  Griffin’s blade struck true and it fell to the ground, an unholy blaze engulfing its ruined form.  The black flames spread and consumed the very stones of the keep.  
Griffin knelt beside the stricken Gorp, who said weakly, “I am sorry Griffin…for everything…it seems you have the right…of things…is it too late?”  
Griffin tried to put a reassuring hand on the man’s shoulder but his hand passed through without accomplishing its task; he said, “not while you still draw breath.”  
Gorp smiled sadly and said, “then may the Master have mercy on my wretched soul…”  His words trailed off as his eyes stared blankly.  
Griffin looked desperately at the other men, “I have bought your lives and a little time.  Choose now on whose side you will spend eternity.  You have seen a hint of the reward that awaits you should you remain as you are.  I have other tasks to be about.  You would be wise to abandon the keep and the city, as soon it will be utterly consumed by the flames.”  
With that he disappeared through the wall.  Gorp’s men glanced at one another nervously but quickly abandoned the room and did some desperate soul searching as they fled.  One by one the monsters in Astoria were slain by the Brethren, but the vile flames quickly consumed the castle and the city, leaving nothing but the blackened bedrock behind.


Chapter 16

The Lady Kalyn paced anxiously before her husband Raye in their private chambers.  She had been antsy all day and for many days before that.  There was a restlessness about her that was not natural.  She felt as if the whole world was about to fall apart and she had no say in the matter.  She was the daughter of a king and not prone to feelings of helplessness but this was no fit of fancy, there was something deep inside that would not be sated by rational thoughts or placating words.  Finally she stopped her incessant pacing and faced her husband, "we must see Bristol immediately."  
"Bristol?" asked the skeptical Raye, "What comfort or answer can he offer if the greatest minds at the Academy cannot?"  
She sighed, "I do not know, but I know we must see him ere I go mad."  
Raye shrugged and agreed, if only to free himself of the chambers in which he had been imprisoned with his anxious wife for so many hours.  They donned their cloaks, ordered their horses be brought, and rode to the Castle in search of the Brethren's advisor to the King of Arca.  
Bristol was as surprised by their visit as Raye was at the idea of calling upon him.  He bowed politely and ushered them into the tiny room he called his own.  "To what do I owe the honor of your visit?" asked the man.  
Raye glanced at his wife and she said, "I have no idea.  I have felt a pressing need for something for days now but nothing will quiet the feeling.  You are my last hope for insight."  
He noted the desperation in her voice and said, "I will do what I can but I thought you and your students laughed at all I hold dear?"  
She looked taken aback by his temerity but said, "perhaps we do not always agree on everything but I have never doubted the wisdom of the Brethren.  Perhaps it is even your seeming nonsense that I seek.  I do not know." 
"How am I to help you if you cannot tell me what you need?" asked Bristol gently.  
She smiled grimly, "I thought you Brethren claimed to have some quasi-mystical sense that lets you discover such things?"  
Bristol laughed, "we are neither mystics nor seers if that is what you seek.  I can only tell you what I know and I cannot do that if I cannot tell from whence your unease comes.  We could talk long on many useless things ere we find what you are looking for."  
She said, "I feel as if the whole world is falling apart around us and I would know how to stop it."  
"You cannot stop it," said a strange voice, "it was fated to end one day and that day is upon us.  Even the very hour."  
They all turned as one, staring at the man that sat upon a unicorn at their backs.  They had not even noticed his coming though they sat before the door.  The great creature towered over them and made the tiny room seem even smaller.  
"Colin?" gasped Bristol, "What are you doing here?  You are dead!"  
Raye and Kalyn stared at the apparition as if he might steal their souls.  Colin smiled, "I was sent to warn you.  The time of the end is come and the foul minions of the Enemy are loosed.  We must defend the living against them."  
Bristol frowned, "I thought those of us yet bound by time could not touch or see that which was not."  
Colin’s smile deepened, "the last hour of the world is upon us and even mortal eyes can now see that which once was hidden.  You my friend, are no longer bound by time and can thus fight the fell demons that now walk the earth.  Send them back to the Abyss from whence they sprang!" 
At Colin's strange words, Bristol reached out to touch the back of a chair sitting nearby but his hand passed right through.  All three gasped.  Bristol turned to Colin, "I am not dead?"  
Colin shook his head and said, "no, but no longer are you trapped within time.  The Master has called us all forth to fight this battle; He has released you from time's dying grasp."  
Kalyn looked at the strange man astride the unicorn and said, "this makes no sense!  What madness are you spouting?"  
Colin shook his head, "the end of time itself is upon us and you still question the powers that made the world?  Fools!  If you have any care for your own souls and the souls of your students, run back to your Academy and throw yourselves upon the Master's mercy.  While time lasts it is not too late; He will take you back even after all the wrongs you have done."  
Kalyn drew herself up at the perceived insult in his words and said, "and who gives you authority to treat me so?"  
Colin smiled grimly, "I claim no authority but that which the Master has granted me.  I speak only as a man urging you fervently to change your minds ere it is too late.  Once time fails you shall not have another chance and will be bound forever by those choices you made while still within your mortal shell.  The minutes waste as you try and sooth your pride.  Hear my words and heed them ere you regret it forever."  
Kalyn prepared to rain insults down upon the insolent man but was prevented in doing so by the sudden scream of battle that erupted from Taragon, shaking the room.  The door shattered into splinters and a great monster stalked into the room with hunger and insatiable rage roiling in its eyes.  
It eyed the humans hungrily and said, "death is at hand my pitiful fools.  Brace yourselves, for you shall not enjoy what is to come."  It then glanced at Colin and confusion played across its face, "you?  I thought you were dead."  
Colin grinned, "I seem to hear that often of late.  It was I that sent you back to your dismal pit once before and this time you shall never again leave it, though it will not be I who sends you hence.  I have others of your kind to deal with.  Bristol, destroy this monster and then ride to the Academy and destroy all such that you find there.  I shall deal with those abroad in the city itself."  With that, he rode straight through the wall and out into the city.  
The creature drew itself up to its full height and smiled evilly at Bristol, "I shall destroy you first, oh vile servant of my enemy."  Bristol wasted no time in drawing his sword as the monster came at him with its hideous claws.  Claws and sword came together but each passed through the other without touching.  The creature cocked its head in confusion, "you have not tasted of death nor has time failed.  How can this be?"  
Bristol smiled grimly, "I have no idea but I think I am no longer bound by time, though you seem to be."  The monster inhabited a mortal body, as it was the only way it could wreak havoc upon yet living men.  
The thing actually sounded worried, "this cannot be!  This is cheating."  
Bristol laughed, "the Master cannot violate His own nature and cheat.  This is at His behest and therefore legal.  Besides, what does one of your character care that others cheat?  Go back from whence you came!"  
He thrust his sword into the monster's heart, its screams split the night as it fell.  The body was quickly engulfed by evil black flames that gave neither heat nor light yet consumed both.  The flames spread and consumed all in their path, including the very stones of the castle.  A great black smoke choked the air and shut out the light.  Raye and Kaylin backed away in horror and disgust.  
Bristol said, "these are no natural flames and my heart tells me they will consume the world before they are extinguished.  The end is upon us whether you believe it or not.  For your very souls, I beg you to go back to your Academy and seriously reconsider what you have for so long denied.  I shall come with you but only to defend you and yours against such beasts as this.  No mortal blade can harm them though their claws and teeth can easily rend the flesh." 
The stricken pair said nothing but ran for the stable where their horses waited, carefully avoiding the sickening blaze as they made for the door.  Bristol's unicorn waited anxiously in the courtyard, as insubstantial to mortal objects as his master.  Bristol mounted and rode quickly towards the Academy, leaving the Chancellor and his wife to hurry after as fast as they could.  They found their horses and rode like madmen.  Bristol rode through the streets swiftly, passing through buildings and even people without even a thought; he could touch nothing yet trapped in time.  He knew exactly where the creatures were and what they were about.  There were three of them snarling outside the Academy; the iron gates slowed them down but would not hold them back forever.  The arrows of the men upon the walls did not faze them in the least.  They rammed and clawed at the gates, which slowly started to give way.  
Bristol ran with all the speed of one without the hindrance of time and arrived ere the gates fell.  The monsters stopped in their task and snarled with anticipation at the approaching man, eager to tear him apart.  The first monster threw itself upon him and took the unicorn's horn straight through the heart.  It screamed and fell as the bitter fires found a new source.  The other two snarled in rage and came at him as one.  His sword took one, then the other, and both fell with a dreadful scream and ignited their own terrible flames.  The smoke rose to the heavens and blocked out the moon and stars.  Wherever the creatures fell, the fire started and would not be quenched until it had consumed every rock, tree, house, and living thing.  Even the topsoil was consumed, leaving only blackened rock in its wake. 
The High Chancellor and his wife galloped up and looked upon the devastation.  Raye said, "will you not tell us what to do?  Will you not speak to us of the Master?"  
Bristol looked grim, "you have all heard the Truth but failed to act upon it.  Only that can save you but it is no longer my part to tell it.  You have had your chance at hearing and now you must decide to act or forever be lost.  Go!  Tell your students what they must hear before it is too late.  My place is between you and the monsters.  They shall not touch you but neither can I.  Go!"  Raye looked stricken but fell back and withdrew into the Academy.  Bristol went in search of his next demon.  The students had gathered on the Green and were clumped together like anxious sheep.  
Raye stood before them and spoke, "long have we thought myth and superstition something to be laughed at or mocked.  But today I tell you that what we thought to be myth is the very Truth and it currently walks the earth.  The time of the end has come and all found outside the Master's keeping will rue it forever.  We have hours or perhaps even minutes left to us and after that we are forever stuck with our choices made while in the flesh.  I beseech each and every one of you to search your own hearts and discover what lies therein.  Will we forever walk in darkness and ignore Him that made us?  
Will we forever deny that we are not our own?  Strange things happen this day and I fear we shall witness stranger still but now is the time to decide whose side you are on.  If you do not side with the Master, you surely side with the Enemy!  Here you have learned many things dark and bitter that may well destroy your very souls.  In my arrogance I could not see and I beg your forgiveness and the Master's mercy ere it is too late.  I urge you to do the same."  The students stared at him as if he had gone mad but then they glanced at the burning ruins that graced their own front gate.  They had much to consider and little time in which to do so. 

Tia rode up to the great house that had once been her home: a place of bitter memories and shattered dreams.  Her father was a stubborn and selfish man seeking ever his own advantage no matter the cost to others, but perhaps now at the end of the world he might find it within himself to finally seek the Master.  She rode boldly up to the house and left Kozak upon the darkened lawns.  She did not bother with knocking (for she was unable to do so in her current state) and walked through the door into the house.  Oster, her father’s foremost servant, had not seen her entrance nor heard the door open but was aghast to find the troublesome girl wandering about the house unescorted.  
“What do you think you are doing?” grumped the servant, “You have no right to wander about alone, especially after your dreadful treatment of your father of late.”  
She sighed and said, “a matter of great importance has arisen and I was sent to bring warning.”  
“A likely story,” sneered the man, “be gone before I call the guard.”  
She laughed, “the guard can do nothing to me nor will I be gainsaid.  Where is my father?”  
Oster said sternly, “his Lordship is dining with a most renowned scholar and will be most unhappy to be disturbed, especially by one of your allegiance!”  
She clapped her hands gleefully, “excellent!  Mistress Litch needs also to hear what I have come to say.  Call the guard if you must but I am sure Lord Penivel will be greatly displeased to have the guards interrupt such an important meal.”  The servant’s jaw dropped as the girl went deeper into the house seeking her father and his guest.  Oster ran to find someone to remove the irritating young woman, physically if necessary.
“You have garnered quite a reputation my dear,” said Penivel to the most esteemed professor, “it is an honor to have you in my house.  To think that you have started a movement that will reshape the foundations upon which our civilization is built!”  
Professor Litch smiled at the praise and replied, “it is high time the world operated under more logical assumptions rather than forever turning to mythology to answer the deepest questions of life.  I am quite grateful for your continued support of the Academy and her sister institutions.  Such generosity is what makes our progress possible.  I hope someday to see a world in which myth is regarded as just that.”  
“Myth indeed!” laughed Tia, “Have you any idea of the dangers of the ideas you are promoting?  Know you not that you will be held accountable for the souls led astray by such thinking?”  
Penivel stood and glared at his daughter, “what are you doing here?  I thought you had disowned me!  Come to beg my support for your precious Lady?  How dare you speak to my guest in such a fashion!”  
Professor Litch smiled, “this must be your infamous daughter who has chosen a life among the deluded.  Come my dear, abandon your idiocy and perhaps your father will take you back into his good graces.”  
Penivel grouched, “nothing can make me take her back.  She is a disgrace and an embarrassment to the rationality of my house!”  Just then Oster appeared at the door with two guardsmen.  The trio bowed and Penivel grinned, “get her out of here and see that she does not return to further trouble us!  If she persists, turn her over to the King as a traitor to Arca.”  The men bowed again and entered the room.
The captain of the guard said, “will you come quietly miss?”  
Tia laughed, “I already told the servant you cannot touch me.  It is futile to try and move me thus.”  The man shook his head, nodded to his compatriot, and together they tried to grab her by the shoulders.  They passed right through her.  All five stared in disbelief.  
Penivel gaped, “what fell sorcery is this?”  
Professor Litch said, “there must be some logical explanation!”  
Tia laughed, “it is quite a logical explanation but that does not mean either of you will believe it.”  
Penivel said, “and what nonsense is this?  Apparition or not, you are still not welcome in my house!”  
Tia said calmly, “and how are you to remove me?  I come at the behest of the Master Himself.”  
Penivel put his head in his hands and sighed, “more fairy tales!”  
Tia said firmly, “the Master is no more a fairy tale than what I am about to tell you.  The end of the world is come and this night all must take a stand either on the side of the Master or with His Enemy and to that choice they are bound for all eternity.”  
Professor Litch shook her head, “child, you are deluded.  Whatever your current condition, it comes of dabbling in things you do not understand.  Perhaps it is not too late for you to repent of your fell dabblings and once again walk among the er…more substantial among us?”  
Tia sighed, “I am well beyond mortality and in the failing hours of the world the eternal is revealed to mortal eyes that you might save yourselves from eternal night.  Once time fails there is no going back.”
Finally understanding what his daughter was saying, Penivel felt a brief stirring of pity but chased it away, saying, “I ever said that the Brethren would lead you to disaster.  Now you are nothing but a ghost whispering from beyond the grave.  Be gone and haunt us no longer!”  
Tia sighed, “heed me well, for this is your last warning.  The minutes pass quickly.  I may be dead, but I am no ghost but ever a servant of the Master.  Throw yourselves on His mercy ere it is too late!”  
She drew her sword and the guards bared theirs, thinking she meant to strike their master, but her blade struck the foul beast that came up behind them.  It fell dead at her feet and she said grimly, “the minions of the Enemy are loosed and I must drive them back into the pit!  Each minute might well be the last ere all must face eternity, heed well my words!”  Kozak screamed a challenge and charged through the wall, collected his mistress, and they galloped off in search of their next demon.  
Penivel said quietly to the Professor, “this is complete madness.”  The Professor could only nod in agreement but the guards and servants began to ponder if the girl might not be right.  

Tristan arrived outside the familiar old cave, though it had been some little time since he had seen it.  "Who goes?" snarled a high squeaky voice.  Tristan laughed, this certainly was not Nargath.  "Be gone vile fiend!  We wish none of your evil here," hissed the desperate voice.  Apparently the demons had already passed through.  
Tristan wondered how badly they could hurt a dragon.  "I am no fiend," shouted Tristan, "I have come to see Nargath."  There was a roar of despair following his announcement and a small dragon hobbled out on three legs with a drooping wing.  Great gashes gaped in his hide, rent by the fiendish claws of the monsters.  His eyes stared blindly but he could sense Tristan's presence.  
"I said be gone," snarled he and a great cloud of smoke billowed forth.  
"Where is Nargath?" asked Tristan patiently.  
"You have been warned!" hissed the young dragon as he opened his mouth and let a stream of deadly fire engulf the area from whence the voice had come.  
"Navith, no!" screamed Nargath's voice from the air.  Nargath had seen one of the Brethren approaching the cave and the youngster emerge in answer.  What evil had the young fool perpetrated now?  The older dragon watched in horror as the flames engulfed the man and his mount.  When the inferno ceased he was amazed to see the pair standing there unsinged.  "How did you survive?" gaped the elder dragon.  
"Still terrible with names I see," laughed Tristan.  
"I know you?" asked Nargath.  
Tristan smiled, "it has not been long in your reckoning but yes, we were once friends."  
"Tristan?" gaped the monster, "But I was told you were dead."  
Tristan smiled, "how else does one come through a dragon's fire unscathed?"  
"But how then do you again walk the world?" asked the dragon.  
"The Master has summoned you and all your kind.  I was sent to bring you word and also to hunt down the fell beasts that now terrorize all that yet lives.  I see your young friend has already fallen afoul of one of the creatures.  What happened to it?"  
Nargath smiled, "we could not slay it so I took it for a little ride.  It lurks now in the Frigid Wastes and long may it dwell there."  
Tristan said, "you must leave at once and rouse all your kind.  The end has come and the Master calls.  Bring them all to Astoria."  
"But that will take weeks!" said the dragon, "We are scattered across the whole face of the world."  
Tristan smiled, "your wings will have the Master's wind beneath them but do not tarry.  I must hunt down the fell things ere they wreak more havoc upon the living.  We shall meet again soon, however."  
The young dragon stood there in dismay, "I apologize for my haste in trying to destroy you but I could not bear to face the creatures again.  I wish I could help in this errand but I am a crippled and ruined creature."  
"You shall fly again my friend," said Tristan gently, "the Master demands haste and two can go faster than one.  Trust in Him and you may assist in this errand.  Farewell."  The smaller dragon smiled and leapt into the air as his sight and strength returned.  The elder joined him and they both winged off in search of their kin. 

Arora rode slowly along the path.  She had been sent to aid the Forgotten People of the forest but they kept themselves well hidden from others through their innate ability with illusions.  But she no longer looked at the world through mortal eyes and such tricks no longer blinded her to the truth.  She smiled as she saw the craftiness of the little men in hiding their small country from outsiders but she easily found her way through their trickery.  As they rode into the little clearing that formed the center of the arboreal village her heart ran cold.  Had she come too late?  
Several of the monsters circled the ancient trunks and slashed at their aged bark, but she could see no sign that any of the little people had fallen.  They had made it into their lofty havens in time.  The monsters saw her and momentarily left their quarry.  With time they could bring down even the great trees and would be upon the Forest People like cats upon so many squirrels.  They were hungry for blood and Arora would prove an easy target to satisfy their bloodlust until they could reach their more difficult quarry.  A half dozen of the creatures encircled the woman and her mare.  She drew her sword and knew no fear.  They held no sway over her now.  
The largest of the things snarled coldly, “we thank you for bringing this temporary amusement to us.  We only regret there is so little of you to go around.  It will be enough however.  Die mortal!”  The thing lunged and just as quickly fell dead with Arora’s sword through its heart.  
The other five drew back slightly in confusion.  The next largest said, “this cannot be!  We are immortal and you are flesh and blood.”  
Arora smiled coldly, “you shall live for all eternity, just not in the way your vile master anticipated.  I am here to send you back to the chasm from whence you sprang and there you shall rot forever.”  
The creature snarled and leapt at her, “insolent fool!  I shall enlighten your feeble mind and silence your tongue.”  The thing passed right through her and she caught it across the neck as it passed.  It too fell with a scream and the fire that burned from the other now had a companion in destruction.  The other four monsters all attacked at once, hoping to overwhelm the woman but they could not touch her.  Her sword and the unicorn’s horn proved devastating to the monsters.  Soon nothing remained of them but the ever spreading blaze that was quickly making its way to the trees.  
She called desperately up to the little people that had watched the whole battle in astonishment, “quickly come down ere the fires eat away at your trees and you are consumed with them!  The Master calls and all must heed!”  
The little people wasted no time in descending, seeing that she spoke truly.  “Where are we to go?” asked the man she remembered as their leader.  
“Go to Astoria with all haste,” said she, “the Master’s speed shall be with you.  I have other fell beasts to hunt.  Farewell!”  With that she vanished into the forest in search of her next monster.  The Forgotten people watched as the fires reached the first of the great trees and quickly ascended into the heights and consumed the entire thing.  They exchanged a worried look and all made haste south. 

Adrian rode quickly and made a journey of several weeks in a matter of moments or so it seemed.  He was eager to be reunited with his friends and family.  He heard the snarling of the beasts and the fierce avian shrieks of his people long before he caught sight of them.  A great rocky pinnacle grew out of the ground and his people had taken refuge in it highest clefts.  At its base a dozen of the monsters circled, looking for blood.  The rocks bore witness to the effectiveness of their claws and with time, they would shred the whole crag to gravel.  A few of the bolder Akoni dove at the monsters with razor sharp claws, careful to avoid the monsters’ equally deadly appendages.  
Their sharp eyes saw him coming long before he reached them and one flew out to warn him, “fool!  Know you not that death stalks the plain this night?  Turn back before you are torn to shreds!  They are immune to harm!.”  
Adrian smiled, “you know me not?”  
The confused bird looked closer and said, “you are he that was once numbered among us.  And now you return to your death!”  
Adrian smiled broadly, “a man can only die once and already have I tasted of death.  It shall not be so again.  Get your people to the heights and leave the beasts to me.”  
He drew his sword and for once seemed entirely comfortable in wielding the thing.  The unicorn screamed a challenge and the monsters answered.  The things came upon him as a pack, desperate for blood and the terror that came with it.  Their appetites were insatiable and they had yet to taste of it.  The Akoni could not bear to watch yet neither could they hide their eyes for fear of missing what might happen.  The demons jumped at the man and unicorn and two fell snarling to the ground, while all passed through the pair like a hand through fog.  This enraged the things to the point of madness and they struck at the man with a will, only to strike their own comrades instead.  Though the wounds healed almost as soon as they were struck it wound them into an even greater frenzy.  Horn and sword worked feverishly and soon naught remained but a great expanse of burning tundra.  
“I do not believe it!” squawked one of the Akoni, “What strange happenings are these?  What tidings do you bring, oh man who can kill what cannot be touched by mortal weapons?”  
Adrian looked upon his former kinsman and said, “the end has come and the Master beckons.  Go south to meet Him with all haste.”  
The Akoni looked at him strangely, “I was there not long after the world began.  Am I to see it end also?”  
Adrian nodded grimly, “time itself shall end soon and then the Enemy will come.  Hasten south.  It would not do to be found alone when the Nameless One walks the earth.  I have other monsters to hunt.”  He turned his mount and disappeared into the distance.  The Akoni exchanged startled glances and of one accord took to the air.


Chapter 17

Benn sat with Jerde in the common room of a dingy little inn.  For days they had been pursuing yet another of the false Brethren and now made ready to accost the man.  He was babbling on incoherently before an audience that paid him little heed.  They were by now well used to such things.  Benn lifted his mug but halfway to his mouth it fell with a thump to the table, spilling tea everywhere.  Strangely it did not stain his tunic.  The orator glared at the boy for interrupting his lecture.  The boy smiled ruefully and shrugged his apologies.  
His companion looked at him strangely.  “I saw you holding that firmly and it simply slipped through your hands!” said the shocked man.  
Benn looked startled, “I thought I was just clumsy.”  He reached out to set the mug upright but his hand just passed through it.  
“What is happening?” gasped his companion.  By now others in the common room had noticed things were not as they should be.  Some saw what happened as the boy tried to touch the mug and backed away in terror, thinking some dark apparition was in their midst.  “What is happening?” asked his near desperate companion once more.  
“I do not know,” said the boy quietly, “but it seems I can no longer touch the real world.”  
“Or what you call the real world,” said a voice behind him, “for time is but a dream and now you have awoken to greater things.”  
Joy split Benn’s face as Jerde gazed in terror, as Griffin walked into the common room and took a seat beside his former apprentice.  Jerde stuttered, “in case you did not know, you are dead!”  
Griffin shrugged, “mortally speaking yes, but that does not mean I have ceased to exist.  I have just ceased to exist within time.”  
He looked significantly at Benn saying, “as have you.”  
“I do not believe in ghosts,” persisted Jerde.  
Griffin laughed, “I am no ghost but a messenger.  Heed well my words.”   
Jerde said, “you have not come to haunt us?”  
Griffin shook his head in amusement, “I can no more touch you than the boy can touch the cup.  Easy man, you have nothing to fear from us.”  
Benn asked, “why has this happened to me?  Why have I become insubstantial?  Why are you walking among the living?”  
Griffin smiled grimly, “the Master has called all those sworn to Him, the living and the dead.  Those that still live are now freed from the bounds of time.  Those who have fallen walk the lands of men once more.  You can no longer influence that which is temporal.  You are not insubstantial, rather the world has become as mist to you because you have become more ‘real’ than the world about you.  You now exist outside of time, whereas the world yet exists moment by moment and thus is less real than that which is eternal.”  
“What?” said the befuddled boy, not expecting such a metaphysical answer.  
Griffin laughed, “things will be made clear soon enough.  Just know that time itself shall soon end and then all shall be as we, but until then all that live are vulnerable to the fell demons the Enemy is even now releasing upon the earth.  We are here to protect the living from their worst nightmares come to life.”  
The man who had been speaking glowered at the two in frustration having lost his audience completely.  “And what nonsense is this?” demanded the charlatan, “Do you not know you speak before one of the Brethren?”  
Griffin laughed, “you are nothing of the sort, and if I were you I would quickly seek the Master’s forgiveness ere it is too late.”  
“Too late for what?” sneered the man, “It is not as if it were the end of the world!”  
Griffin said, “hear you nothing that I say?  That is exactly what has come upon us and each must face the Master ere the night is over and account for all he has done or left undone in his life.  I would not wish to face him in your current condition.  The minutes run out swiftly, do not be long in your decision.”  
“The Master, bah!” laughed the charlatan, “Just a myth and a children’s tale.”  
“Then how do you explain our current condition?” asked Griffin sternly, “Surely you can see as well as all the others that strange things happen this night.  Why is a perfectly healthy boy suddenly unable to touch a cup?  Why are you speaking with a man who is dead and buried?”  
“There is some sensible explanation I am sure,” sneered the man, “I shall need more proof than that if I am to believe in fairy stories.”  
“The man is a fool,” sighed Jerde, who had resumed a more natural skin tone, “have I aught to fear?”  
Benn smiled, “as long as you trust in the Master with your whole heart then you have nothing to fear this night or ever.  He will forgive your past as long as you let Him.  You have done Him great service of late and that He shall remember though mere acts cannot buy His favor, only a humble and fervent heart.”  
“What then do the rest of us face?” said the charlatan, “If we choose not to give into your nonsense?”  
Griffin looked very grave as he said, “any who choose to deny the Master gain for eternity what they have sought all their lives: an eternity without His presence.”  
“What is so bad about that?” laughed the man, “Is that not the goal of the Academy and her sister institutions?”  
Griffin shook his head sadly, “you forget that the Master is the source of all that is good, just, right, honorable, joyous, and lovely.  Without Him all that remains is fear, doubt, despair, grief, anger, hatred, and the like.  Would you endure an eternity in the inescapable midst of such a vile stew with no light, life, or beauty to be found nor hope to lighten the load?  I would not wish it on the Enemy himself though it is the fate he chose long ago in his rebellion against the Master.”  
The man had gone white in the face, “it is not too late?”  
Griffin shook his head, “any moment may be the last but time has not yet failed completely.  You still have time.  The fact that you can see us should hasten your thoughts however.  We should not be visible to mortal eyes but as time unravels all that is hidden from its gaze becomes visible.  The mortal and the eternal begin to merge and will soon be indistinguishable.”
A great snarl erupted from the darkness outside and the door was torn to splinters.  The monster hissed, “for some, time truly is at an end.  Death stalks the night and it is I.”  
Griffin looked to the boy, “this creature is yours.  Fear it not, for it cannot touch you but you can banish it to its rightful place, never to return.  I have other beasts to deal with.  Once this one is slain seek out the rest of this foul brood.  You will know where.”  
Griffin passed through the wall and vanished into the night.  The people in the common room huddled against the far wall and one of the women wept.  The thing glanced at the mass of terrified souls and then focused upon the man in the uniform of the Brethren.  
It cocked its head, “you are not one of those foul souls sworn to the Master, so why do you dress like one?”  The man was absolutely terrified and could not answer.  
Benn stood and drew his blade, “he is not but I am!”  
The creature laughed in derision, “so you are little one and thus shall you die first.  Come hither and I shall rend you limb from limb.”  
The boy was nervous but trusted Griffin’s words and charged the monster.  It tried to grab him but its claws passed harmlessly through the boy, but his sword had no trouble in piercing its heart.  It fell to the floor with a terrible scream and the flames began to eat away at the floor.  Benn’s unicorn came through the wall and the boy climbed into the saddle, ready to hunt down more of the monsters.  
“Remember my friend’s words,” said the boy, “I also suggest you abandon the inn, as it will soon be lost to the flames.  Do not touch them, for they are not natural and destroy utterly all they touch.  Choose wisely!”  With that he rode straight through the wall in close pursuit of his next monster.  The patrons quickly vanished out the back door and into the night.  Many heeded the words of the peculiar man and were thus spared that night from the fate he had portended.

Kard sat around the fire with the gypsy band drinking a warm mug of tea to help drive the cold night from his bones.  They had eagerly listened to his words and would be sorry to see him go on the morrow.  A stranger walked into the camp though the dogs had not sounded the alarm nor had anyone heard him arrive.  
“Turin,” said Kard brightly, “I have heard such terrible tales of late I feared that you might have been among those who had fallen afoul of the Brotherhood or whoever this strange enemy is.”  
Turin smiled grimly, “I did.”  Kard dropped his mug in surprise, or at least thought he did.  Turin put a hand on his shoulder, as Kard bent down to pick up the broken pottery, and said, “do not bother.  You cannot touch the temporal any more.  The Master has called you beyond time.  The end of the world has come and we have a battle to win.”  
Kard looked stricken, “these are strange tidings indeed!  You tell me you fell afoul of our enemies, yet you stand here as alive as me and you also bring tidings of the end of the world?”  Turin grasped at a stick with which one of the children had been playing in the fire.  His hand passed right through it.  “I am dead?” gasped Kard.  
Turin smiled, “not exactly but the effect is the same.  The Master has called all of us beyond time to face the fell demons that now walk the earth.  Some enter eternity through death and others simply skip that part but the end is the same.  We are free of our mortal bonds but must now stand betwixt those who are not and the minions of darkness.”  
“What can the monsters do?” asked Kard, “They cannot harm the soul?”  
Turin shook his head, “they can rend the flesh but cannot touch the soul.  Only the Master Himself can unmake a soul and He will not do such a thing.  The monsters can rend the flesh while men still inhabit it, which is why they cannot touch us any longer.  The Enemy delights in death, terror, chaos, and destruction; that is why the beasts are loosed ere time ends.  After time ends they can have no more effect on anyone any more than you can hold the cup.  Your first beast comes.  My own lurk out in the darkness.  Slay the monster and hunt down the others.”  He vanished into the night.  Kard had not long to wait before one of the demons came stalking into the firelight but it fell easily to his blade.  
He turned to the gypsies, “I thank you for your hospitality but must bid you farewell, for evil stalks the night.”  He called his unicorn and vanished into the darkness.  The gypsies hurried away from the blaze that had been kindled and seemed intent upon devouring the world.

Pallin stood in the middle of the village green, surrounded by angry villagers with torches and lanterns.  He had come riding in late that evening and was not welcomed when they realized where his allegiance lay.  These people had been gravely wronged by one of the pretenders and it was he who stood to pay the price.  
Just then the last thing he expected happened as Trap walked through the crowd and joined him.  Trap smiled at the look of amazement on the other man’s face, “strange things are afoot this night.”  
Pallin nodded, “that is an understatement.  Am I dead already or is there something else at work here?”  
Trap smiled, “we have come to the End.”  
Pallin glanced at the crowd, which was starting to grumble about killing both of the strangers, and he said, “I had hoped it would not come to that but I am ready if it does.  That still does not explain why you are here and how you simply walked through a crowd that is packed shoulder to shoulder.  I saw you walk right through several people!  They have seen it too and it makes them murmur even more.  And I should not be able to see you.  What is happening?”  
Trap laughed, “I told you.  It is the End.  The end of all time; the very end of the world.  You see me because the frayed edges of time itself are unraveling swiftly and the mortal can now glimpse what it otherwise could not.  You have also passed beyond that threshold yourself though you as yet do not realize it.”  
“What?” asked Pallin, “How?  Why?”  
Trap smiled grimly, “the Master has called and we must answer.  The Enemy is stirring and his minions have been loosed.  We are to stand between them and the defenseless, such as your admirers here.  You could not face them while still bound by time but now you are loosed yourself and can banish them once and for all.”  
Pallin did not look eager to face the vile beasts again, “I faced one of them before and it tore me to shreds.  I do not look forward to another encounter.”  
Trap grinned, “they cannot touch you any longer but you can easily destroy them.”  
Pallin seemed to brighten at Trap’s words, but before he could respond the village mayor and the town council came tromping up, demanding, “and just who do you think you are?”
Trap looked at the man and said, “I just had a message for the accused here.  What exactly does he stand accused of anyway?”  
The mayor said, “he and his kind are a nuisance.  We will not let him loose to injure others as we have been harmed.”  
Trap shook his head grimly, “the man is innocent of such acts.  The man who wronged you wears a similar uniform but has no other association with the Brethren.  The Brethren remain unchanged from the day of their inception.  Just because a man claims to be of their association does not make it so.  I could put on a hat just like yours and call myself the mayor of your little village but that does not make it true either.  You have been greatly wronged but this night all wrongs shall be set aright and justice shall once again be restored to the earth.  You and yours had best take shelter from the coming storm and make sure your hearts belong to the Master else you will forever regret this night.”  
The mayor looked at him shrewdly and said, “you speak wisdom but we cannot simply let this man walk free.  We shall have a trial tomorrow.  You are welcome to participate.”  
Trap laughed, “hear you not what I say?  There shall not be a tomorrow.  This is the world’s last night.  Think carefully how you shall spend eternity.  This man has duties to be about, which happen to involve saving your lives.”  
“What?” gasped the mayor, “Do you threaten us?”  
Trap shook his head, “evil stalks the night and we are all that stands between it and you.  Think on what I said and do not be slow to seek the Master’s mercy.  My friend must be going.  Death comes.”  
Trap nodded to Pallin and said, “destroy the beast and seek out the others that yet roam the night.  You shall feel them.  Farewell.”  A unicorn came prancing out of the darkness and man and beast disappeared as quickly as they had come.  The villagers stared in amazement as the stranger vanished but quickly turned their attention back to Pallin. 
“I really must be going,” said he, “my friend speaks truly.  I can feel it.  Something evil comes.  It would be best if you withdrew from its presence.”  
“Hah!” spat a grubby man, “A likely story.  He just wants us to let him go.  Kill him now!”  Pallin shook his head and moved towards the evil presence he felt encroaching upon the villagers.  
“Stop!” shouted several voices but he did not heed them.  
“Stop him!” cried several others, “He must face justice!  Stop him at any cost!”  
He continued to move towards the edge of the green and the vile presence he felt there.  He heard the snap of bowstrings and the slight whizzing of arrows as they sailed through the air.  Five of them pierced his body but passed through without so much as slowing down.  He and all the villagers gaped in wonder.  The thing drew nigh and he had no time for other thoughts.  He summoned his mount, who came swifter than thought.  He was in the saddle in an instant and rode through the fleeing villagers.  They had seen enough and withdrew to the far side of the village to watch.  The monster leapt out of the darkness intent on destroying him, but could not harm him.  His sword did its work and he raced around to the other side of the village, ready to destroy the other creature he felt there.  Three more monsters soon fell and he felt none in the immediate vicinity.  
He rode swiftly back to the mayor saying, “stay away from the flames.  You cannot extinguish them and will die trying.  I have destroyed the beasts that came for you but must be off to find their fellows.  Remember to seek the Master!”  He rode off into the night leaving the entire village to ponder his words.  

Throughout the world, the fell servants of the Enemy stalked the night, ready to kill.  But everywhere the blades of the Brethren and the horns of the unicorns sent them back from whence they came.  One by one the monsters vanished and innocent lives were spared one final terror.  But everywhere the monsters fell the flames were quickened and spread, consuming all in their path.  Soon the whole world would be brought to ruin by their unquenchable appetite.  The smoke rose and obscured the moon and stars, throwing the world into an unnatural gloom.  As the final creatures fell, time itself made a last tenuous grasp at existence and then failed entirely.  Wherever people had been, suddenly they found themselves in Astoria, facing the Master Himself.  Behind him stood a great host of men and all other sapient creatures that had once walked the earth and were faithful to Him while life lasted.  He had called them forth as He had the Brethren, but unlike the Brethren, they were not there to fight the darkness but to stand as witnesses to the final end of time and the world they had once known.  
Each creature that had survived to the end now found itself standing on the border between the dark and ruined world and the bright and grassy island on which the Master and His followers stood.  The flames had ravaged the lands around Astoria and naught remained but charred rock.  The city itself was gone as were its forests, fields, and meadows.  Where the Master and His faithful stood was light and warmth and the music of birds.  Where those who yet lingered in mortality stood began the darkness and the cold and the emptiness.  One by one, or perhaps all at once but individually, each person or creature had to face the Master and either went to their knees (or species specific equivalent) in reverence and humility or fled into the darkness weeping, laughing, or screaming with rage or fear, never to be seen again.  The Master’s eyes followed those that fled with a grief so deep that the world itself should have wept.  Those that had chosen the Master in life were welcomed into the throng and soon found themselves surrounded by family and friends long dead.  Such was the joy in the Master’s eyes that accompanied each faithful heart that came before Him that all creation seemed ready to laugh and caper in reply.
Thus were the people divided, forever together or separated from the Master of All by conscious choice and ever to endure the consequences of that choice.  The Brethren returned from the far corners of the earth and joined the throng behind the Master.  The fires spread over the whole face of the world and left nothing but darkness and ruin.  The smoke of their burning blotted out all light from the sky.  The world was in utter ruin save for the place in which the Master and His stood.  A great and evil laugh rent the night like rolling thunder and two great burnings appeared in the midst of the smoke laden sky.  In the burnings roiled hate, evil, terror, and triumph as the eyes of the Evil One gazed upon the world and its Maker with equal derision.  
“Your world is laid waste,” scoffed the darkness, “all you toiled to make and protect is gone!  Now it is my turn to rule!  I shall utterly destroy you and all you have wrought.  The souls you counted so precious shall soon be mine and they shall know torment indeed!”  
The Master stood small and unmoved upon the brink of the grass and said, “it is mine to rule and ever has been and ever shall be.  You do nothing without My leave.  You are a rebel and a traitor and thus have decided your fate.  For a little while I let you roam abroad, for there were things that must be accomplished.  Now all is finished and your fate is sealed.  I am the Creator.  All you can do is destroy and corrupt.  Be gone, oh faithless and vile serpent, to the utter darkness that awaits you and yours.”  
The darkness rose up to a great height and towered over the gathered throng as a man over a hill of ants.  The Master stomped His great hoof once, twice, three times and the whole world rang like a struck bell.  A single drop of silver blood fell from His side and landed upon the scorched earth.  As it fell, light and joy spread like ripples in a pond ever outwards and in greater circles.  Grass and trees sprang up, brooks ran free, great mountains grew, and mirror-like lakes emerged.  Every bird and beast and insect sang or ran or flew.  The whole ruined world was covered in a skin much like it once wore, but with sound so rich and color so deep that what was could not compare with what is.  No sun shone in the sky, but the Master glowed with light enough for all.  The sun herself would weep for shame to be called light in the presence of the Light.  The whole world was become what she should have been and now ever would be.  The sky turned blue and the darkness shrunk from the encroaching light until only a faint shadow remained and with a great wail it vanished entirely like smoke in the wind.  All stared in wonder and joy as they gazed upon the new world and breathed air so crisp they knew it was the Beginning.  
The Master turned to face His faithful creatures and said, “welcome home, My dear ones!  The world is yours and once again as it ever should have been.  No more will despair or darkness or evil trouble your hearts or minds.  And ever more shall I walk among you.”  There was great rejoicing at His words and great joy in every heart.  Finally, finally all had found what their hearts had ever sought but never quite found.  They were truly home


Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog



Once a Thief Sample Chapters:

Chapter 1:

The woman was dead.  Darkness fell outside and the boy knelt beside her bed, weeping.  A man stood at the open door holding a lamp.  He glanced at the sobbing boy and the still figure upon the bed; he did not need to ask why the boy cried.  He stared in disgust at his crippled hand, the hand that kept him from providing for his family.  His wife had been a weaver and had provided for the family in his stead, but now she was gone, dead of some illness no one had a name for.  The last light of the retreating sun was engulfed by the coming night: a perfect depiction of the last dying glimmers of hope fading from his heart.  He could neither provide for the boy nor ask the boy to support a crippled father.  Without a word, he turned on his heel and entered the empty barn.  He flung the lamp into a pile of dusty hay; the entire structure was soon engulfed in flames.  The blaze pulled the grieving boy from his mother's bedside, and in horror he watched all that was left of his life vanish in the flames.  He no longer felt grief, horror, or anything at all.  He was numb, his heart was dead and empty within him.  He spent a sleepless night with a myriad of disquiet thoughts running through his mind.  When the sun rose, he found a shovel and dutifully buried his mother.  There was nothing left of his father.  He then went back into the house looking for anything that might have use or value, there was not much to find.  He found a waterskin, a blanket, a few scraps of food, and a tinderbox.  With his meager treasures, he set off with no hope and a broken heart.
 His scanty supply of food quickly disappeared.  For days he lived on nothing but what he could scrounge from the land: a scrawny squirrel, a few berries, a small trout.  He tried to hire himself out to anyone he met, but they distrusted the look of the unwashed and desperate boy.  Times were tough and work was hard to find, even for honest-looking men.  With starvation looming on the horizon and unable to procure food honestly, he became what people feared he already was: a thief.  At night, he would slip onto a farm and steal a few chickens or whatever came easily to hand.  Often dogs or watchful farmers chased him off, but he succeeded often enough to survive.  His wanderings brought him to a large market town where the pickings seemed better than the skinny chickens he was used to poaching.  He learned to sneak through open windows and unlocked doors in the dead of night and filch whatever came easily.  He became skilled at finding targets and avoiding detection.  The locals thought a mob of bandits had invaded their town when it was all to be laid at the feet of one hungry boy.  
One night, he climbed quietly into the second story window of a large house.  He waited on the sill and listened intently.  Once he was sure no one occupied the room, he silently crept inside.  He glanced around quickly and seeing nothing of value, made his way towards the door.  As he crept towards the hallway, he caught the glimmer of moonlight on steel.  Before he could vanish out the window, a man emerged from the hallway and held a sword to his throat.  "So you are the perpetrator behind this little crime wave?" asked a firm voice with the slightest hint of a smile.  The boy nodded dully.  "Are you working alone?" asked the man.  The boy nodded again.  "I am afraid I must arrest you," said the man, "I hope you will not make trouble?"  The boy shook his head and reluctantly placed his hands behind his back.  "Very good," said the man, "cooperate and things will go better for you."  The boy sighed but said nothing.  The man gently, but firmly bound the boy's hands and then, placing a strong hand on his shoulder, escorted him from the house.  
 The family was gathered downstairs, both frightened and excited by the night's events.  "That is our gang of bandits?" asked the incredulous father.  
The boy's captor smiled, "it appears to be.  We shall know more in the morning at his trial.  I thank you for your help in apprehending our little thief.  Goodnight."  The entire family bowed politely to the man as he led the boy out into the night.  "You shall spend what little is left of the night in my custody and then in the morning I must turn you over to the local authorities," said the man quietly, "you have cost me much sleep of late."  The boy was not sure but he thought he heard amusement in the strong, quiet voice.  
They entered a small inn and retreated immediately to the man's room.  He unbound the boy's hands long enough for him to eat a little supper and then tied them once more.  The man said, "I am sorry to keep you bound but I am afraid I cannot quite trust you not to run away."  The boy nodded sleepily and gratefully fell into forgetful sleep.  Dawn came too quickly for both of the nocturnal adventurers, but the man roused the boy and instructed him to wash as best he could in the basin of cold water.  After his ablutions, the man took him to the common room for a filling breakfast.  After his first real meal in living memory, the man bound his hands once more and led him to the building in which his trial would be held at midday.  
 The boy was placed in a lonely chair facing a great table at which sat several important looking people, including his captor.  At his back, the room was packed full of curious onlookers from the town.  For the most part, he kept his head bowed and his eyes on the floor, but occasionally he glanced up at the stern faces of the tribunal, hoping to find some glimmer of compassion, but saw only righteous indignation or disgust.  Only his captor maintained a neutral expression.  Finally, everyone seemed ready to begin and the regal man in the middle stood forth and read an extensive list of the boy’s supposed crimes.  Many of the deeds were his, but it seemed anyone that had anything go missing of late had blamed it on him.  He thought he would remember stealing a cow.  
Once the list had been read, his captor stood up and said, "I found him last night sneaking into a house where he had no legal reason to be.  He admitted to being the source of your little crime spree and also to working entirely alone.  He tells the truth, but I think the list of his crimes is a bit too extensive.  I doubt the boy stole a cow or anyone's daughter."  
The man sat down and a woman stood, "it is now time for you to make your statement and defend yourself if you can."  The boy said nothing and just sat looking dejectedly at the floor.  It did not seem to matter what the future held for him.  "You decline to make a statement?" asked the woman.  The boy shrugged.  "Very well," said she, "we shall withdraw to decide upon a verdict."  The tribunal withdrew for some little time and then resumed their seats.  
The important man stood again, "it is the judgment of this council that you are guilty as charged, save for some revisions to your extensive list of crimes.  As you are a first time offender and your crimes are not violent in nature, the death penalty is not warranted.  However, your crimes are numerous and it is the decision of this council that you be sentenced to five years in the penal quarries for your crimes."  The boy at last showed some emotion.  The rock quarries were notorious for being a prolonged death sentence, which might be worse than a quick execution.  He would not survive a year, let alone five in such an environment.  His captor noticed his reaction and spoke quietly with the man who had just passed down his sentence.  They argued quietly for a few moments and then the rest of the council joined in the silent debate.  Finally, all nodded in agreement, if not wholeheartedly.
 His captor stood and said, "after some discussion, the penalty for your crimes has been altered slightly.  You are very young, alone, and apparently in desperate straits.  I offer you one last chance to save your life.  I will take you into my custody, and you will serve me a year and a day.  If you do so faithfully and cause no further trouble, you will then be allowed to go wherever you will or to stay on in your service to me, or those I appoint over you.  If you cause trouble or otherwise fail in your duties, you will then be handed over to the overseers of the quarry to work off the balance of your original sentence.  Do you accept this offer?"  The boy nodded adamantly; anything would be better than a lingering death in the quarries.  The man smiled slightly, "very well.  I adjourn this trial."  Everyone stood up and started talking at once.  They were thirsty for vengeance, and this show of mercy was not something they had anticipated.  
The man felt the mood of the crowd and quickly moved to secure the boy and get him out of the room.  The boy did not resist as the man led him from the building.  The crowd was so caught up in their discussion that few noticed that the boy had vanished.  It was many weeks before the tribunal members could speak of anything else to anyone in town.  The man cut the boy's bonds and said quietly, "you will be expected to do as you are told immediately.  Disobedience will not be tolerated.  Do you understand?"  The boy nodded silently.  "Good," smiled the man, "then we shall get on well.  We shall be traveling for several weeks and once we reach our destination we shall see where your fate takes you.  Can you ride?"  The boy shrugged; he was not sure if sitting astride his father's plow horse bareback counted as riding.  "I guess we shall soon see," said the man.  He led the boy back to the inn where they shared a quick lunch.  Afterwards, they went round to the stable where a great horse stood patiently with a shaggy beast beside it, somewhere between a horse and a pony in size.  "Mount up," said the man.
 The boy scrambled awkwardly into the saddle as the man leapt easily onto the great horse.  "Follow me," said the man.  The boy knew something of the theory of riding, but had very little practice in the art of it.  He kicked the shaggy beast in the flanks, but it stood as if rooted to the earth.  The man laughed and reined his horse out of the stableyard and into a back alley.  The pony followed of its own accord and the boy did little else but hang on.  They took the back alleys and little-used lanes out of town so as to avoid being seen.  The man pressed steadily north and east along a narrow cart path.  By evening, the boy was very sore and miserable, but starting to feel some curiosity about his companion and his own future.  It was the first positive attention he had received from anyone since his the death of parents.  As the light was failing, the man dismounted in a little clearing beside a rushing stream.  He caught a few fish and had the boy kindle a fire.  They supplemented the trout with some flatbread from their saddlebags.  As darkness engulfed the surrounding forest, they sat quietly around the fire.  
Finally the man said, "I suppose you are curious about me and where we are going?"  The boy shrugged, but inwardly was dying to know.  The man smiled as if he saw some faint glimmer of the boy's desire shining in his eyes.  He said, "I will tell you more about myself once you have actually told me about you.  I know you are not a great one for talking, but I did save your life and I think you owe me at least that much."  
The boy nodded reluctantly and for the first time in months tried to speak.  At first it seemed either he or his vocal cords had forgotten how to go about such an endeavor, but finally the words came.  The boy said, "my mother took ill half a year ago and died shortly after.  My crippled father took his own life that night.  I was left alone with nothing but the clothes on my back.  I tried to find work, but no one would hire me.  I would have starved had I not taken to thievery.  My path led me to the town we just left.  I stole only out of desperation.  Until they announced my sentence, I really did not care whether I lived or died.  I guess there is still something within me, deep down under all my pain, that cares about something."  
"That explains much," said the man quietly, "I am sorry for your loss and the coldness of the world to your plight, but perhaps the future yet holds hope.  Do you have a name?"  
 The boy almost grinned and said, "I was once called Tristan, but no one has called me anything in a very long time."  
"Well Tristan," said the man, "I am called Darrin.  The next few weeks will be long and uncomfortable, as you are probably not used to riding or sleeping in the open.  But your body will adjust and soon it will come almost naturally to you.  We will be traveling for some weeks and I will expect you to pitch in and help with camp chores and any other tasks I decide you need to do.  You will be treated fairly, but are expected to work hard.  You will be provided with food and a place to sleep and other things as needed or required.  Any questions?"  
The boy nodded, "it sounded as if you might turn me over to someone else in the future?"  
The man smiled, "you have sharp ears and a quick mind.  You are currently in my keeping, but I am not my own master and your future will depend on the decisions made by the Lady of Astoria.  I am often abroad on strange and dangerous missions that are no place for an untrained boy.  I suspect you will be allowed to stay in Astoria until your year and a day is completed, and after that you may stay or go as you choose.  While in Astoria, you will have chores and classes assigned to you.  You can learn many things there, and if you want, can learn a trade of some sort so you no longer have to fall to theft to support yourself."  
"That does not sound much like a punishment," said the boy, "it sounds a better life than I have been living since I left home.  Why take any interest in me at all?"  
The man smiled, "in Astoria, it is believed that all lives are worth something, and if possible, we like to give everyone a chance to prove it.  There are situations that require the use of deadly force, but in a case like yours, much more good can come of your life than simply tossing you into a labor camp to die."  
"I have never heard of Astoria," said the boy, "but then there are many places I have never heard of."  
The man laughed, "we will teach you geography, do not worry.  It is a small country and really is not close to anything, except the Northern Wilds perhaps, and even that is a journey of some miles.  We will continue heading north and east for the remainder of our journey."  The boy seemed to have used up his daily quota of words and lapsed into silence.  Darrin did not press him and they both were soon asleep.
 As the days passed and they continued their journey, the boy opened up more and more each day; his heart slowly crept out from wherever he had deeply buried it.  He began at first to grin just a little, but slowly progressed to a full, heartfelt smile.  He even began to laugh and ask questions, as was natural for a lad his age.  Of course, with the reemergence of his feelings also came his long suppressed grief.  There were times when Darrin happened upon him weeping inconsolably, but he never openly displayed his emotions when he thought he might be seen.  
One evening as they sat by the fire, the man said, "it is all right to cry.  You must not keep the grief buried so deep that it eats away at your heart and causes bitterness and resentment to fester in your soul.  You are no less a man for shedding honest tears.  It will aid the healing if you do not keep back or hide your emotions."  The boy gave him a weak smile of thanks.  As the days passed, the weeping subsided and soon he seemed much more adjusted to the fact that his parents were gone, but life still must go on.  
"Do you have a family?" asked the boy.  
Darrin looked thoughtful for a moment and then said, "my parents and siblings have been dead for many long years.  My current mode of life makes a family impossible.  I have given up the joys of a family in pursuit of other things."  
"What other things?" asked the curious boy.  
"My life is spent defending the innocent and helping the helpless," said he, "my life is fully dedicated to the service of others."  
"Like me!" smiled the boy.  
The man could not help but smile in return, "such is my service and my reward."  
"Are you some sort of knight errant or hero out of the stories?" asked the boy.  
"There have been many stories about others of my kind," said the man, "but I am no hero.  I am simply a man who does what he must on behalf of others."  
"How can you live such a life?" asked the confused boy, "I thought the one thing all men held in common was a propensity to live selfishly."  
"I could not do it of my own accord," said Darrin, "but with the Master's help it is possible."  
"The Master?" asked the skeptical boy, "after what happened to my parents I have come to wonder if such a Being could truly exist.  The stories say he is everything good and wonderful and loving, but how can that be in the face of such evil?"  
The man laughed, "that is a good question and one many people have struggled with throughout the ages.  How can ultimate good and pure love exist in such a damaged and broken world?  The answer lies in the fact that this world was once perfect and unbroken, but something happened to change that.  The Master gave all of His thinking creatures the gift of choice and some of those creatures chose to pursue evil and selfishness.  The Master could have made us all mindless beasts, but such is His love for us that He gave us a mind of our own.  He wants willing servants, not mindless slaves.  It is a long story, but in the morning of the world man chose evil over good and the whole world fell into darkness.  The Master shed His own blood to save us from complete darkness, but we must be willing to accept His sacrifice on our behalf and then live our lives in accordance with His plans.  Those that dedicate themselves to His service completely, body and soul, are called the Brethren and they dwell in fabled Astoria."  
 The boy stared at the man in complete astonishment.  "You really believe all that?" asked the flabbergasted boy.  
The man smiled, "I do not just believe it.  I live it.  I have wagered my very soul upon it."  
The boy said, "then you are one of the Brethren?"  The man nodded.  The boy continued, "is everyone in Astoria one of them?"  
The man laughed, "no.  Anyone who wishes may join our ranks but there is no requirement to do so in order to live in the city or attend classes.  As I said, you will be free to stay or go once your sentence is up."  
"What do the Brethren do?" asked the boy.  
The man said, "as I mentioned, they have dedicated their lives completely to the Master, but there are many different things we can do with our lives in His service.  Many are Teachers who travel about or stay in Astoria teaching the Truth, history, lore, and much else in song and story.  Others are Philosophers who add to our collective knowledge, interpret the Truth and the Law, or act as advisors to Kings.  Then there are the Warriors, such as myself, who use the sword in defense of others and pursue justice.  The smallest sect is the Messengers who are some combination of the three and are sent on very dangerous and often secret missions by the Lady herself."  
"Very interesting," said the boy, yawning, "but I think I must go to sleep."  
The man smiled, "I hope I am not that dull a speaker."  The boy shook his head and crawled into his blankets.  The man watched him for some time and then gazed thoughtfully into the fire.

 The end of their journey was as uneventful as the beginning.  After many weeks of riding they finally arrived in Astoria.  The boy gazed in wonder at the walled city and its towering castle.  He looked upon the armed guards and the great seething mass of people going about their daily business with equal trepidation.  He had never seen nor even imagined so many people in one place.  True, there were far greater cities than Astoria, but for one who had never seen any city at all, it was quite a sight.  They rode through the vast maze of shops and homes that had grown up over the centuries to surround the walled city.  At the gate into the city proper, a pair of guards kept careful watch, occasionally questioning those wishing to enter.  They paid no particular attention to Darrin and the boy.  They wound their way slowly through the bustling streets and rode unhindered through the castle gates, though the guards seemed to question everyone else wishing to enter.  The boy whispered, "why do they not stop us?"  
Darrin smiled and said, "I am known here.  They recognize one of their own and know they need not fear us."  The boy wondered what it would be like to be known, accepted, and trusted again.  They dismounted in the courtyard and a servant led Tristan's small horse away, but Darrin's mount was unharnessed and allowed to go of its own accord.  Tristan had noticed before that Darrin never used a bit and his mount was never hobbled.  He wondered at this strange business but said nothing.  Darrin was speaking quietly with a servant who quickly dashed away.  He said, "the servant will see if the Lady has time to see us."  
Tristan jumped, "we are going to see the Lady herself?"  
Darrin smiled, "she deals with many 'small' issues herself.  There is no matter too small for her to take an interest in.  Of course she cannot deal with everything herself, but in this case I think she will become involved; I also need to report upon my last assignment, so she will see us one way or another."  The boy looked mortified.  Darrin clapped him on the back, "do not be afraid, just be polite and you will do well.  She is an impressive woman, but she has not the arrogance of many rulers and nobles.  She still remembers she is human like the rest of us."  The servant returned and motioned for them to follow.  Tristan slunk behind Darrin, feeling as if he were about to meet his own executioner.
 They entered a small but elegant chamber in which the Lady sat, she rose as they entered and made their bows (though Tristan's was quite awkward).  She motioned for them to take the waiting seats as she smiled warmly at Darrin and said, "welcome home.  I will hear your news later, but you must first introduce me to your friend."  Tristan blushed and tried to hide behind Darrin, but there was nowhere to escape her eyes, which seemed to miss nothing.  
Darrin forced the boy to stand beside him and said, "this is Tristan.  I was asked by the residents of Greenfield to help them root out a horde of bandits that had apparently invaded their town.  Their crime wave can be laid at the feet of the boy.  The Mayor and his council were going to toss him into a labor camp.  I intervened and agreed to supervise him for a year and a day if they would spare him the quarries.  He knows that if he disobeys, causes trouble, or runs away he still faces the better part of five years mining stone."  
The Lady looked at Darrin skeptically but said, "he does not look a hardened criminal, perhaps he can yet find a useful purpose for his life."  She looked at the boy, "Tristan, I must send Darrin off to places you cannot go.  You will be allowed to remain in Astoria for the rest of your sentence.  While here, you will be expected to attend diligently to your chores and classes.  You will learn many things, and if at the end of your time here you wish to stay a while longer you may do so.  But you must promise to obey our rules and do as you are told.  I cannot have troublemakers distracting us from our larger purpose.  Will you abide by our laws while you reside with us?"  
The boy looked at the floor but something prompted him to look her directly in the eyes and he gave a very quiet, "yes Lady."  
She smiled, "very well.  Welcome to Astoria.  A servant waits to get you settled.  Darrin will check on you later."  The terrified boy bowed and fled to the door where a servant led him deeper into the castle.  After the door had closed the Lady and Darrin both laughed.  She said, "it will not be for lack of fear if he fails.  What did you tell him to terrify him so?"  
Darrin shook his head, "I have no idea.  He has had a difficult life of late.  He took to stealing to survive after the tragic death of his parents.  He was cold and emotionless when first I met him, though he has warmed much upon our road hence.  He is a quiet boy but puts his whole heart into everything he does.  I do not doubt that he will do well at whatever he decides to pursue."  The Lady nodded thoughtfully and then they both turned their attention to Darrin's report on his latest assignment.


Chapter 2

It was at the evening meal that Darrin finally found the boy sitting quietly in a corner by himself.  The boy smiled as his friend approached.  Darrin took a nearby chair and said, "how was your first day in Astoria?"  
The boy could not decide whether to cringe or grin.  He said, "I like having new clothes, but I am not sure I like wearing a uniform."  
The man laughed, "it is just so we know what business you have in Astoria, it helps keep things organized.  We cannot have a hundred random students running about without knowing that they are truly our responsibility."  
The boy said, "I am to help in the stables, which is good because I like horses very much.  I am glad I was spared the kitchens."  
Darrin smiled, "I am sorry to tell you that everyone gets to help in the kitchens when need be."  
The boy's smile faded but soon returned.  He continued, "there are classes that I cannot wait to take: archery, the sword, equitation, but then there are some that I dread.  What use have I for law and history or even grammar?"  
Darrin laughed, recalling his own feelings as a boy, "trust me, someday those things may be much more useful than you can possibly imagine.  They may be even more important than the classes you want to take."  
The boy looked doubtful but continued, "I thought this was some sort of punishment but I find myself looking forward to the next year."  
Darrin laughed again, "you are here to keep other people safe and to find some proper channel into which to divert your energy and time.  You are giving up a year of your life in exchange for your criminal acts, but no one said that time could not be used constructively."  
The boy smiled, "compared to my previous life, this one is going to be almost luxuriant.  Will I see you much in the coming months?"  
Darrin shook his head, "I am off again on the morrow on another assignment.  I must leave early so I will say my farewells tonight.  I will visit when I am in Astoria, but that is not likely to happen again for some months."  
The boy looked a little sad but said, "thank you for everything.  I have never had a truer friend."  They talked late into the night until a passing servant noticed the errant pair and shooed the boy to bed, as students were to maintain a strict curfew.  Darrin smiled warmly after the retreating boy, who gave him a parting grin over his shoulder.  He would do well.

 During the first few weeks of his life in Astoria, Tristan was so busy learning new things and discovering how things worked that he had little attention to spare for details like making friends.  There were around a hundred students in Astoria at any given time.  They came and went as they pleased, but while attending classes they were required to adhere to very strict rules.  Students left when they felt they had learned whatever it was they wished to know, when they tired of the strict lifestyle, or when other duties called them home or elsewhere.  Some took their Oath and joined the ranks of the Brethren, but still continued to attend various classes until they were sent off with a more experienced member of the Brethren as Apprentices.  
Students came from all over the known world and from all walks of life.  Nobles often sent their younger children to Astoria in hopes of getting them an education that might give them a purpose in life, since they would not be inheriting their father's title as their older brother would.  Some came after an encounter with one of the Brethren in the wide world or out of simple curiosity for the strange people that dwelt in Astoria.  Most of the students were Tristan's age or a little older, but there were people of all ages who attended classes.  Even some of the more experienced Brethren sat in on a class or two in an area of study relevant to their upcoming missions.  The teachers were all members of the Brethren and experts in their particular fields.  The amount of material they expected their students to learn was incredible, but Tristan thrived on the challenge.  To his surprise, he enjoyed history and law almost as much as his more active classes; grammar was still not something he relished but it was a necessary evil.  
 As he became more comfortable with life in Astoria he began to open up to his classmates.  Most were very friendly and open to the newcomer, but as in all levels and types of human society, some were downright mean.  The students were expected to be polite and respectful towards one another and everyone else, but when no one was watching, some of the students could be very cruel to their cohorts.  As a quiet boy with no obvious friends, Tristan became a target of ridicule by several of the older students of noble birth.  The reason for Tristan's presence in Astoria was kept a strict secret known only to the Brethren, as his history would only serve to distract his classmates and make him more of a target.  As it was, he was miserable enough when their attention fell upon him.  The other students wanted to help, but feared incurring the wrath of his tormenters.  The teachers could be prevailed upon to intervene, but this was seen as a sign of weakness and would inevitably lead to more hassling.  
One night after the last class but before supper, Tristan found himself alone with two of the biggest and meanest boys in Astoria.  "Going somewhere?" asked Broc.  
"To supper," said Tristan meekly.  
"Kind of a waste of food, I think," said Merk, "who would waste food on such a puny thing as you."  
Tristan said with a weak smile,  “at least I do not eat much."  
"Trying to be funny?" asked Broc, "we could give you something to laugh at."  
"He would most likely cry," laughed Merk.  
"What is going on here?" asked a stern voice.  
“Nothing,” said both of the boys in chorus, as they backed away from Tristan.  Their Common Law teacher walked into their midst with a stern look on his face.  
"For your sakes I hope that is the truth, though we both know otherwise," said the man, "you are late for dinner.  You had best get moving."  The two boys turned tail and ran towards the dining hall.  
"Walk with me please," said the man to Tristan.  Silently the boy complied.  "You need not fear them," said the man.  The boy nodded dully.  "They will boast and threaten and insult and maybe even use physical force, but they cannot impact your heart unless you let them," continued the man, "the words of fools should not be allowed to eat away at your heart or mind.  You need not heed their meaningless insults.  One day you will prove your worth, even if today it seems you are alone or useless.  Take heart.  Children can be mean to one another, but deep inside they hurt as much, if not more than you.  Bear their abuse as best you can and remember it will not last forever.  You are an excellent student and have a bright future.  You need not worry about the likes of them."  
The man smiled down at the boy; the boy's smile returned, if weakly.  "Thank you sir," said the boy, "I appreciate your words."  
The man smiled, "I was there once myself.  All things change in time."  The boy often tried to remember his words in the coming days.
Broc and Merk were not happy about being driven from their prey, but there would be more chances to hassle the boy in the future.  They maintained a sort of hierarchy amongst the students, of which they were the leaders, even though the majority of the students did not care for such things, it was an inevitable part of their social structure.  Tristan was a bright student and excelled at everything he did, which did not endear him to some of the more competitive amongst the student body.  They carefully plotted their next attack on the boy, if only to show everyone else who was in charge.  
One afternoon after his riding class, Tristan was walking his horse back to the city when Broc and Merk rode up behind him and grabbed the back of his tunic, dragging him into the saddle in front of Broc.  In his surprise, Tristan dropped his reins.  The boys galloped their horses into the surrounding woods until they were safe from observation.  Once they were away from prying eyes Broc flung the boy to the ground, threw his reins to Merk, and dismounted triumphantly.  Broc stood before the boy, who struggled to rise.  "You lost your horse runt," laughed Merk, "the Lady does not look kindly on such things.  Perhaps it would be best if you just ran off and never came back."  
Tristan glared at the boys before him, "I have no wish to nor am I able to run away for reasons which neither of you could possibly understand."  
"A bit of a temper there laddie," laughed Broc, "not a trait they look for among the Brethren.  Of course you will never be good enough for that.  They would never take someone like you.  They are practically begging me and Merk to join, though we are not sure the lifestyle would suit us.  So now what are you going to do with your life since you can be sure they will never let you take the Oath?"  
Tristan looked at them thoughtfully for a moment and said, "I know little of such matters and had not even considered it as an option.  Though if they welcome the likes of you, I want no part of them."  
This did not sit well with either Broc or Merk and they swiftly let the boy know how badly he had erred.  They rode away laughing, leaving the soundly thrashed boy to find his own painful way back to Astoria, or more likely to crawl away in disgrace.  As they rode back, they found Tristan's wandering horse and caught up the reins, leading it back into the city.  As they turned their mounts over to the waiting servants, one asked, "why do you have three horses?  Where is the other boy?"  
Broc shrugged, "we just found the beast running loose.  We do not keep track of every student that runs about the place."  The servants exchanged worried glances.  Broc smiled knowingly at Merk and they made their way laughing towards their next class.  
 Tristan did not appear for either of his final afternoon classes and his instructors immediately notified the Lady, knowing of his peculiar situation.  The servants also reported that his horse had been found wandering loose outside the city.  A pair of Warriors was sent in search of the errant boy and the Lady feared she would have to send him back to his original fate.  He was a very promising student and she would regret doing it, but such was his situation and his promise.  They found the boy not far into the woods that surrounded the city; he was a muddy mess and his face was streaked with tears.  The men dismounted and gently tried to help him up, but he shuddered and drew away when they touched him.  They exchanged worried glances and fashioned a sort of stretcher out of cloaks and branches.  Slowly they carried the miserable boy back to Astoria.  
The Lady was relieved when the boy was found and obviously not intentionally disobedient, but appalled at his current condition.  He would say nothing as to the cause of his injury.  He was cleaned up, found to be very badly bruised, but was otherwise unharmed.  This was far more of a bruising than one might expect from simply falling off a horse.  The Lady addressed the hitherto silent student.  "Tristan," said she, "you must tell me what happened."  
Such was her presence and concern that finally, after a flood of tears, he said, "Merk and Broc have taken a great disliking to me and when I said something they did not appreciate, they set about teaching me a lesson."  The Lady was mortified that such should happen to one of the students in her charge, especially when the cause was a fellow student.  
"Why would you not speak?" asked she.  
He sobbed a bit and said, "if they discover that I told the cause of my injury they may do worse in the future."  
She shook her head, "such behavior cannot be tolerated among the students.  You have no reason to fear them, I will deal with this personally."  She nodded to a waiting servant and he went to fetch the students so named.

 The students were soon brought before the Lady, beaming proudly.  Tristan had been hidden out of sight for the moment.  She looked at the boys sternly, "do you know why I have summoned you?"  
"No my Lady but your wish is our delight," said Broc.  
She smiled grimly and said, "it would be my delight to know why you have severely bruised one of my students?"  The boys looked slightly startled and very annoyed that they had been discovered.  After several similar incidents, the victims had quietly crept away from Astoria in fear or shame with never a word of it reaching the Lady.  She continued, "how many other students have you bullied, hassled, or driven away?  I will not tolerate such behavior within Astoria, especially among the students.  Have you anything to say for yourselves?"  
They thought about lying to her, but the severity of her countenance warned them that that would be a very bad idea.  Merk said, "we were simply helping to weed out the weaker students so they would not be a burden to you."  
The Lady said in a voice dangerously quiet, "if I wanted such assistance I would ask for it.  It is not for you to decide who is and who is not worthy of being one of my students.  I cannot have such things happening and I will not stand for it.  You are both forthwith barred from Astoria for a year.  If at the end of that year you wish to return, we will discuss this further."  
"What?" gasped Broc, "my father is a man of great importance.  How dare you!  Our very presence here is an honor to Astoria.  We had thought to join your precious Brethren, but after this outrage we may reconsider."  
The Lady resumed her grim smile, "you could not take the Oath without my permission and with such an attitude as yours I would not have allowed it."  
"What gives you the right to deny us?" asked Merk.  
"The Master Himself," said the Lady, "the Oath is a very serious matter and is not to be entered into lightly or on a whim.  It will consume your entire life and your very soul.  I will not even consider candidates who approach me with an attitude of arrogance and pride.  It is something to be accepted with humility and grace.  Perhaps in a year's time you will have had a change of heart and then we shall see."  
The boys glared at her temerity and Merk said, "our fathers are powerful men and you will regret this."  
The Lady smiled and said, "I doubt that very much."  
Merk said, "this is not finished between us."  
The Lady motioned for the servant to open the door; she said, "oh, it is very much finished, at least for now.  Farewell."  Two warriors entered and she said, "escort these two from Astoria.  They are to take whatever they brought when they came but nothing else."  The men bowed and herded the young men out.  There was much complaining and many evil looks from the boys.  The Lady could only shake her head.
 Once the other boys were gone, the Lady summoned Tristan from his hiding place.  She said, "they will not bother you again."  
The boy looked at her in concern and said, "but why dare their fathers' wrath by sending them away?"  
The Lady smiled, "they have sorely abused their rights to be here.  I should have done that long ago but I was unaware of the situation.  If any more such situations arise, you must notify me immediately."  
Tristan looked nervous, "Lady, I do not wish to carry tales and be thought a snitch."  
The Lady smiled gently, "disruptions of this nature need to be brought to my attention.  I am not asking you to tell me every little sin your comrades commit."  
He nodded in submission.  Then he said, "they said I would never be accepted as one of the Brethren because I am not good enough.  I have not even thought of joining, but are their words true?"  
The Lady almost laughed, "none of us are good enough of our own doing.  Even I need the Master's help on a daily basis to meet His standards.  I do not turn people away from the Brethren because they are not strong, talented, or smart enough else I would have no one.  I only turn away those that come with an unworthy attitude such as your former comrades.  Service to the Brethren is something to be given in humility, not taken in pride.  I see no reason why you should not be allowed to take the Oath should you wish to do so."  
The boy smiled weakly, "I am still not sure what to think of the Master.  I can understand that my father's death was of his own doing, but why did my mother die?  What crime did she commit that she deserved to get sick?  How can such evil happen to good people if the Master is as loving and good as you claim him to be?"  
She put a gentle hand on his shoulder and led him to a couple of comfortable chairs off to one side of the room.  They sat and she said, "you are wise to question such things.  Every man that walks the earth must eventually face that question.  The short answer is that neither Man nor the world is what the Master created it to be.  All began in perfection, but something dreadful happened to change all of that.  The Master gave man a choice.  And Man, of his own choosing rebelled against the Master and caused evil and grief to enter the world.  Not only was Man himself irrevocably changed, but so too was all of creation.  As things stand, men can be reconciled to the Master through the blood that was shed in our stead, but we must each choose to accept His offer or continue to walk in darkness.  Creation itself has not yet been redeemed and for as long as time continues it will continue to be flawed and broken.  Death, disease, hurricanes, floods, and all else that wreaks havoc on the natural world are all contrary to the Master's plans but the inevitable effect of our own terrible decisions.  Your mother did not die because she deserved to, but because things like that happen in our fallen world.  The wonderful thing is that the Master has not abandoned us to our fate; He often uses tragedy to bring forth great blessing.  What the Enemy means for ill, the Master uses for His own purposes.  Your mother's death was a tragic event, but because of it your life has a chance to become something much greater than either you or she ever imagined.  Tristan, you have great potential and I look forward to seeing what becomes of you."  
"Thank you," said the boy, "you have given me much to consider."  He smiled weakly and bowed himself from her presence.  She watched him go and wondered what choice he would make.

 With Broc and Merk gone, life among the students became much more cheerful.  Fear no longer haunted the steps and dreams of those deemed 'unworthy' by the more aggressive members of the student population.  Those of like mind to the banished students were cowed into more polite and respectful behavior.  Tristan became something of a hero among the other students for standing up to the bullies and not running away from Astoria, as had several others after previous encounters.  With the flight of their main tormentors, the other students were able to abandon their fear of being bullied and spend time getting to know Tristan.  Tristan was sore for several days and unable to participate in the more physical aspects of his education, but soon enough he was feeling well enough to endure his normal routine.  Without the constant specter of Broc and Merk darkening his life, Tristan began to enjoy his stay in Astoria more and more.  He became well acquainted with many of his fellow students and formed a strong friendship with three in particular.  Emilia was a blacksmith's daughter from Thespia and had ridden to Astoria alone to discover what the fabled city held for her.  Conrad was the fourth son of a farmer from Arca and came in search of knowledge.  Kile dreamed his whole life of adventure and thought Astoria the place to find it.  
They were a strange mix of interests, talents, and backgrounds, but they found in one another a love for life and knowledge that easily overcame their differences.  One major difference between Tristan and his friends was their view of the Brethren.  The other three planned to take their Oaths as soon as they were of age and gained the Lady's blessing.  Tristan was still of a mixed mind as to how he felt about the whole thing.  He knew the Brethren were skilled and honorable people, but did he want to dedicate his whole life to such a cause, especially when he still had questions about the nature of the Master?  He could see joining a particular group for a time and serving honorably, but the whole idea of swearing one's soul in service to any one or thing made him uneasy.  It was his soul after all and these things needed to be considered carefully.  Tristan's friends were patient and respectful of his reluctance to enter into such a vow.  They talked with him at length about many aspects of the decision and were always happy to answer his thoughtful questions.  He was still undecided when word came to him that Darrin was due back in Astoria very soon.  The boy's heart leapt at the thought of his friend’s return.  He had so many questions that his friends could not answer though they tried valiantly.

 Finally, upon an evening, a lone horseman rode up the long empty road to the city.  Darrin entered the courtyard of the castle about the time the evening meal was to begin.  Tristan saw him immediately and rushed towards him.  The boy had grown much during his absence and in the dim light it took Darrin a moment to realize who it was that was flinging their arms about him.  He laughed in delight, "still here I see!  How go things with you?"  
The boy laughed with joy, "I am very well, though I have many questions to ask of you."  
"As do we," said a smiling young woman standing alongside two boys.  She and her companions bowed to Darrin and she continued, "we know little of Tristan's history and his silence perplexes us.  We are hoping you may shed some light on the matter."  
Tristan glared good naturedly at his friends but introduced them to Darrin, who said, "I am unable to disclose anything unless the Lady or Tristan give me leave to do so, but if you insist, he may allow me to say something."  Tristan could only sigh.  They went in to dinner and afterwards Darrin sought out the Lady to give his report.  Then he found his young interrogators and prepared for the onslaught.  They sat up long into the night (well past curfew) peppering the man with questions and listening to his stories.  Finally, Tristan allowed his mysterious past to be revealed.  His friends found it an interesting tale, but nothing all that intriguing or necessitating such secrecy.  Tristan was not sure whether to be pleased or disappointed that his former crimes elicited so weak a response.  Finally they came to the crux of why they wished to hassle the travel-weary warrior. 
 Emilia said, "we are all determined to take our Oath when the time comes, but Tristan cannot make up his mind one way or the other.  We have answered every conceivable question, but still he will not choose.  I do not wish him to rush into a decision but not knowing is driving me mad."  
 Darrin smiled and said, "Tristan, do you wish to be the cause of your friend’s insanity?  What keeps you from deciding one way or the other?  It is not a hard decision."  
Tristan blushed and said, "I have nothing against the Brethren or their mission but this whole business of dedicating one's soul to something makes me a little uneasy.  How can you swear your soul away to anything?  I can understand serving for a time with a group of dedicated individuals but how can you know that you wish to dedicate your very soul to any cause?"  
Darrin nodded, "it is a fair question, but I think you do not fully understand how we see the matter.  I shall try my best to enlighten you, but I am not a philosopher so go easy on me.  You would agree that mankind does not actually own anything if you consider that we are born with nothing and nothing follows us beyond the grave?  Your house, your money, even your body no longer matter or belong to you after death, correct?"  The four students nodded.  Darrin continued, "the same could be said about your soul.  We are not our own masters, neither did we create ourselves.  When you come right down to it, we either belong to the Master or the Evil One.  No one else has a say in what happens to our souls.  The one thing we do have however, is a choice.  We can choose to dedicate our lives (and our souls) to the Master's keeping or we can decide to live as we please and leave them by default to the Enemy.  If you are not consciously living for the Master you are serving the Evil One, if only via benign neglect."  
Tristan turned white and said, "if you are not one of the Brethren you are automatically a servant of the Enemy?"  
Darrin shook his head, "I did not say that.  You can still live your life for the Master without taking the Oath.  Most people are not called to such a life, but they can still serve the Master in their daily lives and in everything they do.  Tristan, I am not so concerned about whether you take the Oath or not, but I do want to know that whatever you decide to do with your life that you do it for the right purpose."  
Tristan looked a little less pale and said, "I once thought the Master a myth or at least indifferent, but through much thought and discussion have discovered Him to be who and what everyone here says He is.  There is no reason to worry that I would not live my life according to His precepts, it is far better that than the alternative.  And it seems my soul belongs to someone else even if I never swear it away thus negating my previous concerns.  I was very anxious about the whole idea of losing one's soul for a cause, but I am beginning to see that that is perhaps the only way to keep it.  I still do not know if I shall ever join the Brethren, but I can promise to live my life for the Master."  
Darrin nodded, "a wise decision, but you must also decide what to do with your life.  There is nothing wrong with finding a nice girl and settling down to raise children and corn, or learning a trade, but I think you have much potential that could benefit others if directed appropriately.  I am not trying to push you into a decision, but simply telling you that you could do great things in service to the Brethren."  
Tristan sighed and said, "I still need time to think on it, but I thank all of you for your information and your patience."  
Darrin said, "tomorrow is the one day of the week that you do not have classes.  Perhaps you and I could go for a ride and see what other questions you might have?"  
Tristan smiled and said, "I would like that very much."  There were some things he did not wish to discuss even in front of his friends.  
Emilia said, "we would like to come as well."  
Darrin said, "perhaps you three could meet us at noon at the ruins north of the city?"  The others agreed and Tristan looked forward to the morrow's adventures, though he was not so thrilled to awaken at the early hour Darrin thought appropriate.  They sought their beds to find what sleep they could.
 Darrin woke Tristan at a very difficult hour for one who had gone to bed so late, but he did not complain overly much.  They found some food in the kitchens that could be eaten in the saddle and were soon on their way.  Tristan usually spent his free day studying or talking with his friends, but he felt that today’s adventure would be an excellent use of his time.  He had been in Astoria long enough that he should be near the point at which he could settle upon his future course.  He would need to make a decision regardless, soon his classes would be determined by the path he wished to pursue; he could not continue effectively as a student without some idea as to what he was doing with his future.  They rode silently for a time and then Darrin said, "so what thoughts have you had on your future?  I do not doubt you have often dreamt of becoming a blacksmith."  
Tristan laughed at the idea of himself working a hammer and bellows all day; he was not built for such a thing.  He said, "I am not really interested in acquiring a trade or farming.  I want to work with my hands as part of what I do, but I want to use my mind foremost in whatever I pursue.  I have considered the Brethren, but it seems they either spend too much time in thought and very little time in more physical pursuits or vice versa."  
Darrin laughed, "are you saying I use my sword far more than my mind?"  
Tristan blushed, "I did not mean that at all.  I just meant that I wanted something a bit more balanced.  You have a very sharp mind, but your sword finds far more use."  
"I see," said Darrin, "you want a job that uses your mind and your body on a regular basis.  Though I must know enough about law, ethics, philosophy, and the like to get by, I need not know half as much as a Philosopher or a Teacher whereas they need not be so skilled with a blade as I.  You want to be a cross between the two."  
Tristan smiled, "I suppose that would be my ideal situation.  I cannot stand to be idle yet my mind must also find occupation."  
Darrin said thoughtfully, "have you not heard of the Messenger sect of the Brethren?"  Tristan shook his head.  Darrin continued, "they are the smallest branch of the Brethren and are often absent on vital missions for the Lady so are seldom seen in Astoria.  Their missions are such that they must be as well-versed in all areas of knowledge as a Philosopher, as well-spoken as a Teacher, and as skilled with the sword as any Warrior.  Only the brightest and most talented applicants are accepted, the rest of us fall wherever our strengths and interests lie.  It may be what you seek.  It is a dangerous life, but never dull and their work is often vital to the survival of the Brethren and relative peace between the nations."  
Tristan looked thoughtful for a moment then said, "it sounds like something I would be very interested in, but you said they take only the best?  What chance would I have?"  
Darrin laughed, "the Lady says you are one of the brightest students to visit Astoria in a century.  I think you have a very good chance of making the cut.  Even if you fail and must choose another sect in which to serve, we all must use our minds as well as our swords, we just do not have such an exciting life as the Messengers."  Tristan nodded his thanks and they talked of other things.  They met his friends at the rendezvous and enjoyed a leisurely lunch before mounting and enjoying an afternoon ride together.  They rode slowly and each often moved ahead or behind within the group as they felt the urge to speak with someone.  As evening approached, they made their way back towards the city.  

Sample Chapters from ‘Shadows Fall,’ Book III of the ‘In Shadow’ series:

1

“I must return home Lady,” said the distraught apprentice only a day after his Oathtaking, “I fled under the most disgraceful of circumstances, abandoning my father to toil alone on that blighted farm, and I feel I must return and make my peace with him before I can fully enter into my service with the Brethren.”
“Very well,” said the Lady of Astoria, “you have my leave to go to your father, settle your affairs as you must, and then return to us.  May the Master ride with you, Alec.”
He beamed at her, “thank you, my Lady, I knew you would understand.  At worst he’ll set me to work hoeing beans, from which I might need rescue, but I know I must do this thing, else I’ll never be easy in my own heart.”  He bowed deeply, smiled brightly, and withdrew; she would never see him again.  A raven, perched on the battlements, watched the boy ride off with a keen eye and then flapped off with a triumphant cry.

Girth the Pig Lord, as he had taken to calling himself though his swine herd now consisted solely of an aged sow, sat out front of his collapsing abode and drank to his own health and prosperity, imbibing a generous mouthful of his neighbor’s homebrew and gazing upon his bean field, overrun with weeds, with a genial indifference he thought befitted a generous monarch, for of a truth, that is what he considered himself.  Ever since his worthless son and ungrateful hired hands had vanished like dew in the sunshine, he had not the heart to go on with his daily toil, but rather traded a pig for a barrel of the awful liquor brewed by his neighbor and now drank the stuff by the jug; swapping another pig for more of the vitriolic substance as needed.  If it did not keep food on the table or improve his lot in life, at least it numbed his sensibilities to the point that he thought his circumstances were not all that regrettable.  Thus he sat, morning and evening, day after day as his beans ran to ruin, his pigs dwindled, and so did he.  
“Is this all you have to show for your efforts?” came a mocking voice.
Girth looked up in annoyance at an overly bold raven perched on the hut’s crazily slanting roof; what business did the creature have in berating a man surviving the best he could in a cruel and bitter world?  “Be gone!” huffed he, “I know my business and it’s best you kept to yours.  Off with ya!”
“So you’re just going to sit there until you molder into nothing like your forsaken pig shed?” scoffed the bird.
Girth looked disconsolately at the shed, which had collapsed in on itself a fortnight prior, its sole occupant had no choice but to live outside, not that inside had been much of an improvement anyway, but now she had no choice in the matter at all.  Was it his fault the structure hadn’t lasted more than fifty years?  It wasn’t like he knew anything about patching a roof and he might have fallen off the ladder and hurt himself.  He growled at the bird, “what do you want, besides to lecture a man fallen on hard times through no fault of his own?”
“Indeed,” laughed the bird, “I have come to make you an offer.”
It was the man’s turn to scoff, “what can you have to offer me?”
“Whatever you want,” said the raven, “for though humble in appearance, in truth, I am lord of this wretched sphere.”
“Just like them fairy tales my worthless son used to read,” said Girth thoughtfully, “what can it hurt?  Very well, Prince Birdy, I want to be rich, famous, and have the power to revenge myself on all those who have wronged me.”
“Certainly,” said the bird, “but it cannot be achieved without a price?”
“Now hold on there finchy,” snarled Girth, “you said nothin’ of cost!  You can’t have my last pig, if that’s what yer thinkin’.”
“I don’t want your putrid swine,” sneered the raven.
“That’s alright then,” said Girth, warming anew, “I ain’t got nothin’ else of value.  Give me what I want and all else I have is yers for the askin’.”
“Lovely,” said the bird, “I shall return shortly.  When your son arrives, ask him to stay for tea.”  He eyed the appalling brew with disdain and said, “or whatever you have to hand will suffice.”
Girth snarled, “that wretched boy is coming here?!”
The raven nodded, “and is vital to our plans.  If you chase him off, all is lost.  Pretend to be civilized until I return.”
Girth noisily released a painful build up of abdominal gas and said with a grimace, “very well, you’re not the only one that can be all decent and well-mannered, ya over grown sparrow!  Don’t be long, I don’t know how long I can stomach the lad.”  With a mocking cry, the raven winged off even as Alec topped a distant hill and looked down on the ruin of what once had been his home, not that it had ever been what one might call pleasant; his father must be in far more dire straits than he had at first assumed.  Digging in his heels, he cantered down the hill, eager to be reconciled to his father.

“Hag!” came the harsh cry from the kitchen.
The hunched old woman hastened into the front of the house, ready to give so impertinent an intruder the fright of his life; it was very unwise to so disturb a witch!  But the raven perched upon the windowsill, staring at her with far too keen eyes, was no rude simpleton but rather a creature before whom all mortals must tremble.  Quaked she, “yes, milord?”
“There is a small duty to which you must attend,” croaked the creature, “come!”  She donned her cloak and hastened after the bird, as he flapped off into the woods.  After an interminable walk, she emerged into a small clearing from which came a piteous cry.  “Here,” ordered the raven.  She hastened to him across the glade, from whence came the hopeless keening.  She lurched back in horror as a scrawny wolf lunged at her, his eyes full of malice and pain and confusion; the raven laughed her to scorn and mocked, “the brute cannot get far, he is caught in a trap, you see.  He is also mad, so if you value your own life, see that he does not bite you.  Take your knife and draw blood from the creature.”
She stared at the lupine horror and then at her avian persecutor and back again, wondering if she would rather not deal with the ravening wolf, it was certainly less dangerous.  Knowing better than to question or argue, she used what spells she could to calm the ferocious and desperate beast, but all to no avail.  In the end, she bloodied the wolf and it her.  She glared at the mocking bird, “now I too will succumb to its madness!”
“What is that to me?” hissed the bird, “now come, your task is not yet complete.”  She shuddered but followed after in grim silence.  Next she was told to enter an abandoned house, half collapsed with neglect and age, wherein she was instructed to find a great spider.  She found just such a specimen, getting bit for her trouble, but she crushed the disgusting creature and smeared the greenish ooze upon the dagger, still red with the wolf’s blood.  With another shudder, she exited the dilapidated house and silently followed the raven back into the deepening dusk.
After walking all night, they emerged into a hilly country of scattered trees and wandering streams; it was a pleasant land but seemed thoroughly unpeopled, but not quite.  A little farmstead, in worse condition than the house she had recently vacated, sprawled below them as they crested a small rise.  “That is a mess,” said she in dismay.
The raven laughed darkly, “wait until you see the creature that lurks therein; it will make the wolf seem urbane.”  She caught his cruel mirth and hastened down the hill, eager to be done with the whole debacle, but also morbidly curious as to what the Fiend intended.
“It is about time,” snarled the man at the raven as it settled on an old stump beside the ramshackle hut.  The woman shivered in dismay, waiting for the Fiend to destroy the insolent man, but he only smiled derisively at the repulsive creature.  A boy standing just inside the doorway watched the scene with a frown; the woman’s smile deepened as she took in his uniform and its significance.
Smiled she, “where are your manners sir?  To keep a lady standing outside in this wind is the epitome of disrespect!”
The boy blanched, “forgive us madam, we had not expected any visitors, but that is no excuse.  Please, come in.”  
She smiled grimly, “aye lad, that I will.”  Just like one of the Brethren!  They all went in, shutting the door firmly behind them.  That night a raven winged off into the darkness with a raucous cry of triumph while a wail broke the night, as piteous as the wolf’s cry but tinged with a fury this world could ill-contain.  Some hours later, a great, hulking shadow lumbered off into the wan grey mists of dawn, whimpering, snarling, and mumbling incomprehensibly to itself.

Jace stood before the Lady of Astoria as she told a curious tale, “Alec came to me a month ago, asking leave to visit his father and reconcile their differences, but he has not been seen or heard from since.  His father does not live far from here, so it is not distance that delays him.  He said he might need rescue if his father put him to work hoeing beans, but I thought he was in jest.  Go find him, rescue him if you must.”
“Beans, my Lady?” said Jace with a frown.
She nodded, “why the odd look?”
Jace smiled sheepishly, “pigs and beans once held a significance for me.  I begin to wonder if I actually know the boy’s father.”  She gave him directions to the farm and he nodded, “that’s the place.  It will be interesting to see how old Girth is getting on.”  
He bowed deeply and made to leave but she stopped him with a question, “how are you getting on without Cieren?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “I miss him, but it is certainly time for him to be off on his own.”  He laughed, “to think I once balked at the very idea of an apprentice, now I’m not quite sure what to do without one!  But I shall adjust, Lady, fear not.”  He bowed again and slipped away ere the tears betrayed him.  This would be his first assignment without his former apprentice and he was feeling it keenly.  He mounted his unicorn and rode off into the mounting day, the creature reassuring him that he was not so truly alone as he felt.  He patted the great neck affectionately and knew the beloved creature had the right of it.  With a rising eagerness, they pressed on, but it was anything but eagerness that led them into the dell wherein Girth had once dwelt.
There were only weeds in what should have been a bean field while the farmstead itself had the feel of a place long abandoned.  The pig shed had collapsed and the house was on the brink of doing likewise.  Nothing stirred, save the grass in the wind, but a palpable evil hung about the place.  Feeling as if he were desecrating a tomb, Jace tentatively pushed open the cottage door, hand on his sword hilt.  He gasped in dismay and horror at what he saw, hastily withdrawing to take a closer look at the farmstead while he thought through the terrifying possibilities.  Beside the pig shed, he found the remains of both a horse and a pig in a similar state to those in the collapsing hovel: a shriveled husk of dried skin pulled taut over bone, as if some great spider had sucked the very life and fluid right out of them.  The remains of a woman and a boy in an apprentice’s uniform lay in the cottage; he shuddered to think what this might mean.  The place reeked of blood magic, so anything was possible.
He saw to the remains of his slain comrade and the mysterious woman and then followed a faint but obvious trail of evil, felt rather than seen, which the unicorn sensed even more keenly than Jace.  For a day and a night they followed the trail, an obvious mar and desecration upon the very face of creation, coming at last to the creature’s lair.  The unicorn screamed his unease and fury at such a desecration of the created order while Jace shivered, sensing an evil here that was both unnatural and tainted with madness.  Drawing his sword, he climbed down into a great hole in the earth, dug by monstrous claws.  The unicorn stood at the top and whinnied mournfully as his master vanished into the depths of the earth.
There were several chambers, some empty and others containing silk wrapped bundles like flies enmeshed in a spider’s web, but these were men rather than insects.  He knelt beside one such individual and breathed a sigh of relief to find that he lived still.  He checked two others and frowned, all were alive and apparently healthy, save for their insensible state.  What did the fell creature live on, if not flesh and blood?  “Nightmares!” grated a horrid voice behind him.
Jace was on his feet in a moment, sword in hand, but there was nothing there.  He frowned, his strange eyes piercing the very depths of the darkness; the monster had been there but a moment before.  He felt something behind him and turned again, catching a brief glimpse of a giant, spiderish form with a wolf’s head and teeth, glowing an eerie green from within, but it moved so fast it was lost to sight before he could act against it.  He foolishly dashed after it into the depths of the cave, only realizing too late that he was playing directly into its claws.  He heard it laugh, “you are an interesting little morsel, you will not decay like these others, but will live on to nourish me forever!”  He felt the bite of fangs in his shoulder as the light within him stirred and then went out even as he fell into darkness.  Outside a unicorn screamed in horror and dismay as the creature bound its victim in silk and deposited him in the far corner of its lair, perhaps for all time.


2

Jace blinked at the dark mist about him, something was wrong, but he could not say exactly what; he shook his head but could not clear his thoughts enough to concentrate.  There was more, something more, but at the moment he could not say what nor did he care.  He blinked again and found himself falling, falling, forever falling.  It was the Abyss, it had no bottom, he would fall forever and none but himself would know it.  He frowned, it had not always been this way, had it?  Yes, it had, insisted some feeling he could not name or identify.  He nodded dazedly, as an overly tired child, and resigned himself to an eternity of darkness.  But his eyes opened and suddenly he was lying on a couch, his leg in a cast and a cheery fire on the hearth.  He smiled wryly, what a dream!  Of course he was not in the Abyss; he wasn’t dead, yet.  He had fallen into a gorge and broken his leg, that was all.
He picked up one of the numerous books that lay piled within his reach, he frowned at the mathematical text, wondering why it seemed strangely significant yet at the same time wondering who would put such a dull book among those given him to read during his convalescence?  Casting it aside, he turned to a book of history and lost himself therein.  Adan and the others came to visit him, but he was sulky and wanted no part in them, especially Adan, this was all his fault after all!  Why did he have to go join the Brethren, a thing in which Jace could never have a part?  The Lady had said so herself, Jace frowned, she had, hadn’t she?  But that unnamed sensation, a voice without a voice, soothed his consternation and he blithely followed whither it led.  He grew more and more sulky, lying on that couch for weeks on end with nothing to do but pour over old books and listen to witless men prattle on about things that made no sense!
His friends and family came to see him less and less, his grim demeanor driving them away; good riddance!  The other Students forgot about him and everyone else moved on with their lives, leaving Jace alone, so alone!  He wasn’t part of anything any more.  Ella said she had found someone else, Jay smirked knowingly, and then he never saw either of them again.  His sister was so incensed by his rudeness and ceaseless whining that she refused to visit him and Adan he drove off with threats of violence or worse, the fool had abandoned him for the Brethren; Jace wasn’t about to let Adan console his conscience at his expense.  No, in shadows and darkness was where he belonged; it was all he loved or needed.
At last his leg healed and he could rise from his couch.  He rose, and as soon as his strength returned, he fled Astoria.  The Lady watched him go, hating to lose so promising a student, but so much did he brood and complain of the harshness and unfairness of life, that it was something of a relief.  He hated life, hated himself, hated the Brethren and all they stood for most of all.  He would have his revenge.  Some deep part of him asked, ‘revenge for what?’ but again he was soothed into blissful oblivion by a song without melody.  He was alone in the world, a nameless wanderer without a home or friend to call his own.  He wandered for countless days, was hungry most of the time, and often suffered the indifference or hostility of strangers.  He fell in with men as desperate and lost as himself, preying upon those that were weaker than themselves or happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.  It did not matter, they were the predators and took what was theirs by right, what others had denied them or would not give willingly; they were only trying to survive.  Again, Jace’s heart bewailed this grim reality, but a dark mist shrouded it in silence and life continued on.
He was fed, most of the time at least, but he was still discontent.  He wanted something else, something more.  The darkness beckoned and he heeded it with a morbid joy; the light had nothing to offer, perhaps the shadows did.  Through blood and darkness, evil and death he walked, growing more and more powerful but loathing himself the more for it.  He had everything, except hope.  ‘Yes!’ cried the deepest part of his soul, but a shadow engulfed it once more in silence.  Who needed hope when one had power?  But power is a fickle thing and does not last, especially when life grows difficult and darkness looms on the horizon.  When doom fell upon him, he had nowhere to turn, nothing to fall back upon, but the darkness, and it consumed him utterly.
He was a wraith, a being of shadow without a name or home, only a lust for blood and death.  His stricken soul cried out within him, had he not once fought creatures such as this?  Was this tale not a lie?  But a fog crept in and silenced the outrage, leaving only a dull silence, as is proper for a wraith without even a name.

Baye heard the unicorn’s awful cry ringing in his mind and wondered which of his comrades had met a bitter end; his heart clenched as the man’s name rang in his mind.  Without further thought, he turned his own mount and raced in pursuit, wondering what fell fate could have befallen a Shadow to so upset his unicorn.  Smiling grimly, he mused that with Jace, it would undoubtedly be strange indeed.  As they had been returning to Astoria, the place was not far; he had even wondered if he should pursue the rumors of a fell beast in the forests thereabouts: the Blight of the Wildwood.  Many of the folk in the vicinity had mysteriously disappeared, taken from their beds as they slept with none the wiser as to their fate while those who had ventured after the creature or its victims had never returned to tell the tale.  Gripping his sword, he set himself to confront something dreadful.
Jace’s unicorn met him on the brink of the great hole in which the creature laired.  He said he could yet feel Jace within, but could not waken him; it felt as if his mind wandered in a dark and endless fog.  Baye nodded, assured the beast that he would retrieve the boy, and then gazed down into the pit, wondering how best to assault the beast in its own lair.  The answer was quite simple: he put a hand to his head, feeling slightly dizzy and then fell senseless into the cave.  The creature found him there, a thing of flesh and blood but with no mind upon which it might prey, a pity, for it was of the same stock as that other that would feed it forever and never die or need to be replaced.  He lay the body aside, knowing it was best to sate himself on the nightmares induced by his awful poison rather than to glut himself on flesh and blood, but bad dreams were far from satisfying, no matter how nourishing, when his own flesh lusted after just that.  His own half-mad mind soon forgot about the senseless creature, but not so his stomach, which had not had satisfaction since the night of his horrid transformation.

Baye felt the light stirring within himself and knew his Master was up to something, the next moment his physical shell plummeted into the pit while his mind or spirit or whatever it was, was drawn inexorably into a dark and twisted dream.  He smiled grimly, knowing he walked the corridors of Jace’s mind, knowing he must find the boy and free him from this prison of his own dreams, wrought by a deadly poison.  He walked in a dark wood on a winter’s night with no moon or star to cheer the way.  Hissed a wretched voice, “you walk the paths of death, fool.”
Baye frowned at the darkness, sensing a wraith lurking in the deeper shadows, “Jace?”
The creature cursed, “I have no name!  The world has forgotten me and I the world.”
Baye shook his head, “come out of the shadows lad, you are not forgotten nor forsaken.”
“You and your inane babble!” snarled the shade, “you know nothing of the darkness, nor of pain or loneliness or misery.  You are one of THEM aren’t you, those wretched creatures who claim to know the truth and dare say it sets them free!  Those who cast me out and left me to rot in this wretched form!”
Baye said in his firmest angry mentor voice, “enough!”
Something within that wretched shade suddenly shuddered at that tone, knowing that voice and fearing to anger it further, whimpered he, “who are you?”
Baye said gently, “do you not know?”
The creature huddled deeper into the shadows, “one of my betrayers no doubt, who turned away from me when I needed you most.”
Baye frowned, “what?!”
The wraith drew itself up and wailed, “the Brethren would not have me!  I had no place among the Students or even civilized men.  I have done terrible things, trying to fill the void that is my heart!  Now look at me, I am naught but a shadow.”
“Lies,” said Baye quietly, “all lies.  Do you not know what and who you are?  You have triumphed over grimmer shadows than this, lad.  Remember, it was once said to you that you are never forsaken nor forgotten.  That is why I am come.  Abandon the darkness; return to the light!”
Snarled the shade, “the Master has forsaken me and I shall turn my back on Him!”
“Nay lad,” said Baye with a patient smile, “we may run from Him but He ever pursues.  Now take my hand.”
The wraith loomed out of the darkness, “yes, your hand, and your entire being!  I will gorge myself on your life force, that at least is a service you can render me.”
“Jace!” snapped Baye in his disgruntled mentor voice.
“Sir?!” gasped the confounded shade.  It blinked in confusion, “sir?  I was cast out by the Brethren, never became a Shadow...”  Frowned he, “how do I know of the Shadow?  This is all nonsense!”  He smiled and suddenly he was a simple boy again.  He ran to his friend and embraced him joyously, “I am an idiot.”
Baye chuckled, “nay lad, this fiend possesses a strong poison that twists your dreams and realities into a dark echo and you lost yourself therein; it reeks of madness, this beast, which can only twist the mind further.”
Jace frowned, “where are we?”
Baye laughed, “inside your head.”
Jace shook his head ruefully, “why can’t I have a normal adventure for once?  What is wrong with rescuing a princess or bringing a bandit gang to justice?”
“You’re a Shadow lad,” said Baye with a grin, “that isn’t in our job description.”
“How do we get out of here?” asked Jace in concern, “I can’t seem to wake up.”
Baye’s eyes seemed distant, as if he looked upon a far shore no one else could see, but an eager smile grew on his face as he returned to the present, “our grim host will soon set us free; destroying himself in his own greed.”  Jace frowned, and Baye said, “don’t forget the Widow, lad.”  Jace shuddered but an eager smile sprang forth to match Baye’s own.
The creature could not help itself, it really couldn’t, it needed flesh and blood, just a little; a little could not hurt, certainly, it wasn’t as if the fool would ever provide him sustenance by any other means, so it was just as well.  It took a small bite of that forbidden flesh, what little it had of a rational mind protesting all the while, and immediately began writhing in agony, legs flailing in all directions, as it collapsed in on itself.
Baye gave Jace a broad smile as he felt himself being pulled back to his physical shell, said he, “I’ll wake you in a moment lad.”  Then he was gone, but he had no need to waken the boy, only loose him from the webs that still bound him, for upon the fiend’s demise, he wakened of his own accord.  The same could not be said for its mortal victims, which lingered on in darkness and evil dreams.  It took most of the afternoon for them to find all of the webbed prisoners and then send them back to wherever it was they had come from, the light cleansing the poison from their beings and restoring life and a sound mind as they miraculously awoke from their disquiet sleep, safe at home.
The last captive freed, Baye turned to Jace and asked, “ready to be on your way?”
Jace shivered, “the sooner the better!  I never was fond of spiders, after this, ugh!”
Baye grinned slightly but said in concern, “how are you faring?  Those dreams could not have been an easy thing to endure, nor are you yet free of the brute’s poison.”
Jace smiled wryly, “I’m fine, I’ve endured far worse, as to his poison, I think it was inactivated the moment he succumbed to his own greed.”
Baye frowned, “are you certain?”  He held out a glowing hand, “perhaps we should be sure.”
Jace held up his own hands and said defensively, “I’m fine, really.”
Baye nodded, “if you say so.”
They climbed out of the pit only to find a horde of wraiths surrounding them, crying out in dismay at such a desecration of their esteemed master’s power and demanding recompense.  Baye’s person began to glow warningly, “quiet, fiends!”
Jace cried out in terror, “no!  I must get away from that awful light!  My brothers!”  His wail died away with distance as a shadow with glowing eyes fled after the retreating wraiths. 
Baye gaped in horror, ready to pursue, but he felt an immediate check in his spirit, quite disheartened, he glanced about morosely hoping for some answer.  A magpie sat in a nearby bush and chirruped reassuringly.  Tears sparkled unshed in the man’s eyes, “has he betrayed you, Lord?  Does the Abyss gape before him?”
“Easy child,” said He, “his heart is still Mine, though his mind knows it not.  The monster’s poison drives him mad.  I cannot condemn a madman for his madness any more than you would blame a leper for his spots.  My Enemy is about to learn that when one plays with fire, one is apt to be burned.  All will be well.  There is a purpose in this, as in all things.”
Baye bowed his head, “yes Lord, but it is difficult to stand aside and do nothing as my friend suffers.”
The little bird stared off whither the boy had fled, tears glistening in His fathomless eyes, “aye child, this I know too well, for I bear it for each of My children, some of whom shall never come home.”  With that, He vanished, leaving Baye to ponder the tremendous implications of His words, glad once more that he was a mere man and not required to bear the sorrows of the world.

The wraiths huddled in darkness, the rising sun sending faint streamers of odious light into the dim chasm in which they hid.  “That was an utter disaster,” snarled one of them, they had no names or other identifying features, each exactly the same as the others: a hopeless and bloodthirsty shadow cowering in fear and despair until the Abyss finally swallowed it whole.
“That’s what you get for trifling with the Master’s pets,” came a bitter voice.
“Can’t help it,” snarked the first, “orders are orders.”
“I suppose,” sulked the second.
They reverted to silence as the light intensified, uneasy with the deadly brilliance so close; this was not one of their preferred haunts, but it was all they could find before the imminent dawn burnt them to dust, so they huddled in the corners and waited for that awful light to fade.
“It wasn’t always like this,” mused the second wraith that had spoken.
“No,” said an uneasy shade next to him, “once we had names and lived among men.  Once we were part of life and it of us.  Now we are just shadows without names, life, or purpose.”
“That sounds like treasonous talk,” snarled the first to have broken the silence.
“It is the truth,” moaned the third.
“Truth is deadly,” snapped the first.
“I can’t live a lie,” said the second.
“Just pipe down,” hissed the first, “some of us want a little quiet.”
The chastened pair exchanged a curious glance and slunk deeper into a crevasse that opened at their feet, or rather the amorphous blobs that were supposed to be feet.  In this crack, the third wraith studied the second, not that there was anything to see, but he felt something, something he could put no name to, but it called to something deep within his own being, something that had not been stirred in many a long dark year.  “You’re different,” it hissed.
“Yes,” said the second.
“How?” asked the third.
“I don’t know,” came the perplexed reply, “but it has not always been this way.”
“You have something,” said the third.
“I do?” said the second.
“Yes,” purred the third, eagerly, “and I want it.”
“But what is it?” said the second, “how do I give it to you if I don’t even know what it is?”
“Your hand,” said the third, “give me your hand!  I will discover this thing for myself.”
The second shrugged but offered the shapeless appendage to his fellow, a glint of silver flashed unnoticed in the darkness as the third touched the second’s outstretched arm.  “Yes,” chortled the wraith, “yes, I knew there was something.  You have hope.  I want that, nay I need it!  Give it me!”
The second blinked dully, “take it then, I do not know what you are going on about.  It has always been this way and always will be, where is the hope in that?”
“Hmmm,” said the third in wonder, “it is not a thing to be taken by force or bought at a price, rather it is a gift.  And all can partake freely thereof!  Very curious!  Why do you not share this with everyone?”
“Share what?” grumped the second, “I have nothing, I am nothing!”
“No, no!” contradicted the other, “this thing is far larger than any of us, but it beckons, oh how it calls to my very soul!  Yes, yes, I will go!  I sought it all my life, thought I had found it in this dreadful existence, but I was looking in all the wrong places, threw aside that which was most important!  What a fool, but not an utterly condemned one!  You must tell them, tell them all!”
“What are you babbling about?” groused the second, “there is nothing but darkness, always darkness.”
But there came no reply, for the third wraith glittered with a silver light and then melted away like threads of mist in the morning light.  The second blinked, “that was odd, and I’m not certain, but perhaps even a little rude!”
“What was that?” came a tentative voice, “it was something bright and shiny, nay dazzling!  I felt it, I did!  I want that too.”
The second frowned, “what are all you senseless fools babbling about, there is nothing!  Can we not just exist rather than pining after what can never be?”  Mumbling to himself he said, “it has not always been so.”
“No,” said the fourth, “once we were people, with names even.  I miss that.  But you,” said the voice eagerly, “you reek of it; it calls to me!”
The second nearly howled in frustration, “what are you going on about?”
“That’s what I want to know,” asked a fifth, squeezing into the crack, “I feel it too, whatever it is.”
“Then take my hand,” snarled the second vexedly, “it seemed to make that other one happy, if such as ourselves can ever achieve such a state.”  He sighed, “I think I was happy once, when I had a name...did I ever have a name?”
The pair eagerly took his outstretched hands, crooning in delight and wonder as things were suddenly revealed to them that were yet hidden from the mind of the perplexed second.  Each sparkled like a summer rain shower as the sun bursts through before dissipating into a warm mist.  The second shook his head, “quite uncanny, I don’t know what the fools are up to?”
“Don’t you?” pleaded another, “I felt it, the draw is intense, show me, please!”  The second sighed and held out his hand, tired of arguing.
As the day waned, the first wraith stirred, ready to marshal his troops, such as they were, into action, for night was upon them and the disheartened horde needed something to enliven and embolden them before their next assignment, a night of terror and rampage and blood was just the thing.  “Look alive you sluggards!” called the first wraith, but there came no answer.  Frowning, he cried again, “where are you!?”  But only silence answered him.
Twenty wraiths did not just up and vanish, not during broad daylight at least.  He began creeping among the scattered stones at the bottom of the crevasse, looking for some sign of either an enemy or his missing troops, but he found nothing, nothing but a slight crack in the rock.  There was nowhere else for them to have gone, he had spent the day at the far end of the chasm and the other ended in a sheer wall of stone; the sunlight walling them all in as surely as a captive in his cell.  With a shrug, he ventured into the crack, finding a sole wraith in the shadows therein.  “Where are they?” demanded the first.
“Who?” asked the oblivious second, “this is all there has ever been or will ever be.  Who are you?”
“This is ridiculous!” snarled the first, “what happened to them?  Traitor!”
The second laughed at this outburst, “what can a servant of evil be but a traitor?  No honor amongst thieves and all that, remember?”
“But you are no servant of evil,” said the first, drawing back a step in sudden fear.
“I am a wraith,” hissed the second, “have always been, will always be!  Thus I am a servant of evil.”
The first laughed harshly, “no, it is not so, no matter your guise or what you think upon the matter, in your heart of hearts, you are not one of us.  I feel it, even if you cannot.  What is it?  This thing that I suddenly yearn for above all else?  Has it a name?”
“It does,” sighed the second, “even if we do not.  The others called it hope, but I call it a delusion!  It destroyed them, it will destroy you too, then I will be all alone again.”  He laughed bitterly, “alone, always and anon, as it was meant to be.”
“You make no sense,” said the first, “I believe you quite mad, but this hope as you call it, is quite real.  Aye, and I want it.”
The second shrugged, “do as you wish, but I did warn you.”
The wraith sat alone in the darkness, always alone, always in the dark, and suddenly he was bored.  His companions...what companions?  It had not always been this way, yes!  Companions, those annoying shadows with the fiery eyes, annoying but at least he wasn’t alone.  And bored.  Oh, but he was dreadfully bored!  If he hated anything it was boredom; where had that thought come from?  But it was true.  He remembered a place, rather vaguely, but it must be better than here, anything was better than here.  He set forth immediately, before his mind betrayed him and he forgot completely what it was he had intended at the first; the other was right, he was mad!  At least if one were mad, he could not be bored, could he?  He frowned, one might not know he was bored but he certainly could not aspire to rational thought.  He laughed manically, that was verging on a rational thought!  Oh dear, what was he doing again?

The moon cast her mysterious light deep into the chamber, but the odd patterns of light and deep shadow did not trouble the servant, whose keen eyes could penetrate the depths of utter night.  What he was doing here, at this hour, was beyond his ability to comprehend, but over the years he had learned to trust the uncanny sense of urgency that he ought to do something, no matter how seemingly foolish or silly it might be; it had served him well in the last thousand years and would no doubt do so again over the next millennium.  So here he was, in the Lady’s audience chamber in the middle of the night, waiting for who knew what.  Then he saw it, a flicker of darkness in the deeper shadows; a glimmer of fiery eyes in the wan moonlight: a wraith.
Jared’s blood ran cold, wondering how the creature had gained access to this part of the castle without help; there was a traitor within the keep and he must discover whom, before dispatching the wretched creature.  Said he, “who goes?”
The shade blinked in astonishment and confusion, “goes where?”
Jared frowned at this nonsensical answer, “who are you?”
“I do not have a name,” said the thing rather dully, “or at least I don’t think I do.”
“Who let you in?” asked Jared, completely befuddled by this aberration.  He expected hostility, vain threats, or even despair, not confusion and inanity.
“I let myself in,” said the creature.
“You can’t just waltz in here of your own accord!” said Jared in growing alarm, was this some new trick of the Enemy’s?
“Walking through a wall is quite a simple matter,” said the creature, as if speaking to a dolt, “if you have the knack for it.”
“Enough,” said the Captain, holding up his right palm, a silver unicorn graven thereupon, flashing with its own light, “don’t make me force the matter.”
“Pretty,” said the wraith, as if an entranced child of five.
“So be it!” said the Captain; the thing was mad!  “Reveal!” said he with all command.
“Oh,” said the shadow in dismay, “this seems familiar,” it groaned in agony and collapsed to the floor, “and rather uncomfortable.”  An awful light burst forth and would have reduced the Captain to nothingness were he not wrought of the same stuff.  
There was something very strange going on here, which must mean Jace was at the heart of it.  The Captain knelt beside the stricken form, still glowing like steel fresh from the forge, a burst of light passing from one to the other wakened the prone figure from its faint.  He blinked up blearily into familiar, expectant eyes and smiled sheepishly, “Captain?”
Jared snorted and hauled the boy to his feet, “mind telling my what is going on?”
Jace glanced about curiously, cloaking himself in obscurity once more, said he vaguely, as if still unsure himself, “there was a spider.  And then darkness.  And now I’m here.”
He eyed the captain quizzically, “can you tell me more, sir?  I don’t remember much else.”
“You rascal!” came the astonished but joyous voice of Baye as he strode into the room, “do you have any idea the angst you’ve caused me or the chase you’ve set me?”
Jace shook his head, “actually I do not.”  He smiled wanly, “it did involve a spider didn’t it, or perhaps a wolf?”
Baye laughed heartily as he greeted the boy warmly, “you really have no clue, do you?”  He then told the tale, astonishing Jace as much as the Captain.  “I just want to know what you were up to in the interim,” said Baye in consternation, “running off impersonating a wraith as you did!”
The moonlight faded and shadows engulfed the room, “he destroyed an entire covey of my best wraiths!” came the irate voice, “do you have any idea how long it will take to replace twenty of them?  And he can’t even have the decency just to destroy them with that wretched light, rather he tantalized them with hope, not even knowing what it was he did, and the fool things deserted me for your precious Master!  I demand recompense, boy!”
“Go lick your wounds and sulk, fiend” came the cheery voice of the magpie, perched on the arm of the Lady’s chair, “this is what you get for meddling in things I decried forbidden ere I wrought the stars.  Off with you!”
The raven perched in the window squawked indignantly but flew off into the night, the moonlight returning in its wake.  “You have not seen the last of him, my dear ones, but fear not,” said the chipper bird, “for I am stronger than he and ever at your side.”  He flitted off into the night, leaving the three Shadows to share a wondrous smile, ever delighting in His presence.
Baye held up a glowing hand and touched it to Jace’s shoulder, for a moment obliterating all physical trace of the lad, save a burst of blinding light.  Jace raised his eyebrows indignantly as he again took physical form, asked he, “what was that for?”  He grinned wryly, “is it not bad enough I had to endure the Captain’s order of Reveal for a third time?”
Baye grinned sheepishly, “sorry lad, but the last time I saw you, you still carried the spider’s poison and went dashing off into the woods declaring the wraiths to be your long lost brothers.  Had I known about the Captain’s interference, I would have refrained, for it would be unnecessary, but as a precaution, I thought it justified.  Only light, through and through, no taint of poison to be found.”
Jace nodded, “thank you for all your efforts on my behalf, my friend.  It was well justified.”  He frowned at the Captain, “how could that poison affect me so?”
Jared shook his head, “it is hard to say how the black sorcery of our enemies works, but I think it took a full burst of our Master’s light to burn off the vile stuff.”
“Something we gave our fellow captives,” said Jace with a thoughtful look, “but which I neglected to receive myself.”  He smiled at Baye, “will I ever learn to be sensible?”
Baye chuckled, “not while this world lasts, but perhaps in that which is to come?  Anything and everything is possible there.”
“I suppose,” said Jace with a grin, before they all succumbed to the inevitable humorous interlude, more at the joy of their reunion than for any true hilarity in the exchange.

A Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’

Old chairs to mend!  Old chairs to mend!
I never would cry old chairs to mend,
If I’d as much money as I could spend,
I never would cry old chairs to mend.
~Nursery Rhyme~

If Only...

Tom sat disconsolately on his doorstep, wondering what was the point of life.  He was neither rich nor terribly handsome; he had no great prospects before him, just to continue in the footsteps of all his forefathers and till the bit of earth that had been in their family since time immemorial, or at least since his great-great-grandfather was a boy, which was basically the same thing.  There was nothing wrong with farming, it was a respectable living, but he would never be rich and there was also a good chance of things getting very tight now and again should the rain not come or a blight appear.  He sighed heavily, wishing with all his heart for some way out of his current predicament.  And as in all fairy tales, his wish soon attracted the attention of a well-meaning fairy: the pesky creatures are drawn to wishes like moths to flame.
She settled quite prettily upon his knee and peered up at him with merrily dancing but not very wise eyes.  A smile came unbidden to his troubled young face as he realized this mirthful creature might give him all the desires of his heart.  Said she without preamble, in a voice like a baby’s laugh, “you wish to be all things that you are not?  I cannot bear to see a young creature unhappy, happiness is the province of youth so I must restore you to your native soil.  Let it be as you wish it!”  She smiled cheekily at him and vanished in a rosy flash of light.  Tom stood, stretched, and eagerly went back into the house to pack, knowing full well that his dreams had only just begun.
His family was just sitting down to dinner when he walked past, satchel on his back.  His mother smiled knowingly and shook her head ruefully; his father momentarily took his pipe out of his mouth in curiosity but soon enough went back to his puffing.  Said Tom, with near giddiness, “well, my fortune is assured and I am off to seek it.”  They all wished him well, knowing this strange wandering sickness was a common affliction of boys his age, and also knowing the cure was to let him have his head and discover that the wide world was a far harsher place than the stories fully told.  He would be back before a fortnight was over.  His sensible mother did insist that he at least wait until after dinner to go forth and seek his destiny and saw that he was well stocked with provender to last him a week or so.  As the sun was now setting, he decided to wait until the morrow and leave after a filling breakfast.
But his wish was not to be, as he had failed to go forth and seize his good fortune by the horns, it sensibly came a-knocking in search of him.  In the twilight, a very short but richly clad man stood upon the doorstep, when his mother answered the summons, and asked very grandly whether ‘Young Master Tom’ would kindly accompany him.  Tom happily snatched up his satchel, kissed his mother in passing, and was gratified to see his father’s pipe drop to the floor in his utter astonishment.  He waved a farewell and was handed up into the lavish coach that stood waiting; the smartly clad herald doing his best not to sniff at the lad’s sturdy but unfashionable peasant garb.  Nothing so mortified his stuffy heart as seeing a socialite so improperly attired.  He shut the door and launched himself onto the back of the vehicle as it set off into the night.  Tom held his satchel in his lap and stared dreamily off into space, imagining what grandeur and wonder awaited at journey’s end.
He must have dozed off, for the pallid grey and rose of dawn had transformed the misty, waking world into a dream when he woke.  The clatter of the horses suddenly ceased as the coach drew up before a great and beautiful house; the wee little man was immediately at the door and waiting for the boy to descend.  Tom clutched his satchel and stepped from the equipage, feeling all of a sudden very lonely and small before the intimidating structure.  The servant pretended not to notice his discomfiture and motioned for him to follow him into the house.  Tom obeyed and they found themselves in a room whose sole purpose appeared to be the scrubbing and cleansing of dirty aristocrats.  Tom was duly washed and outfitted in apparel far more satisfying to the Steward’s taste and was then allowed to eat a meal that was called breakfast, but to Tom’s sensibilities it seemed far grander than any King’s feast.
Once the necessities were finished, the Steward asked if his lordship had a moment to become acquainted with his new situation.  Tom heartily agreed, having no idea exactly what it was he found himself in the middle of, save that it was thanks to a fairy’s well-intentioned meddling.  They went to the library where Tom was seated by the fire in a monstrous, velvet chair while the Steward stood politely at his elbow, speaking thus, “welcome home Sir, we are most grateful that you have finally arrived.  We have been keeping up the Residence as instructed by your predecessors in anticipation of your arrival.  And I hope you find everything far exceeding your expectations.  You are Lord and Master of all the land hereabouts within a day’s hard ride; it is to do with as you please.”
Tom smiled broadly and asked, “how is it I am Lord here, peasant that I am?”
The Steward shook his head gravely, “that is a matter into which we mere servants dare not inquire.  We are here to serve, not question.”  He bowed stiffly and asked, “what are your first orders, my Lord?”
Tom shook his head, “I have never been a Lord before and am quite a stranger in this place, what is a usual day like?”
The Steward said awkwardly, little liking the position of having to explain anything to one of his ‘betters,’ “we are at your service Sir, ask and we shall obey.  The only thing routine or usual in this house shall be that which you proclaim to be so.”
Tom said in wonder, “whatever I say goes?  Have I no duties or responsibilities?”
The Steward shook his head, “that you alone know, again it is not ours to question but simply to obey.”
Said Tom in impish delight, “then I want to host a ball, the most extravagant the neighborhood has ever seen, to celebrate my arrival.  Can you invite a princess or three?”
The Steward bowed eagerly, “would tonight be acceptable, sir?”
Tom stared, “really?  That soon!”
The Steward seemed rather insulted, “of course, my Lord, we are always ready for whatever you might wish or propose.”
Tom shook his head in wonder, “very well, tonight will be perfect.  I would like to tour the grounds during the balance of the day.”
The Steward bowed and said, “very good Sir.”  He then vanished from the room, leaving Tom to himself.  He smiled eagerly, knowing this was only the beginning.  He went to the stable and ordered his horse, which turned out to be a sleek, high-spirited but willing beast.  He mounted eagerly and rode about until he was truly sick of viewing the immaculately landscaped grounds, the impeccable woods, and the tidy farmsteads that dotted his domain.  The villages were something out of a storybook and he was certain that nothing of note had or would ever happen therein.  It all seemed too perfect.
A groom took the sweaty horse and a servant waited to escort him back to the bath chamber to expunge the evidence of his ride.  And then it was on to a sumptuous late lunch before preparing for the evening’s excitement.  He was primped and dandied and dressed until he was ready to scream, but the result was impressive.  He descended to the ballroom and the Steward told him that his guests had arrived and were waiting his pleasure, with no less than five princesses in attendance.  Agape, the young lord allowed himself to be herded to his place and tried to remember names as he was introduced to half the population of the planet.  Afterwards, he danced with anyone vaguely human and female in attendance that was ranked above a lady’s maid.  After that, they sat down to a feast grand enough to bankrupt a King, before resuming their dancing.  Exhausted and bewildered, His Lordship crawled gratefully into bed as the sun was again gracing the sky.
The Steward interrupted his repose to politely remind His Lordship that he had promised to go hunting with several of the young men he had met at the ball the previous evening.  Tom groaned but allowed himself to be duly prepared for the outing.  His companions laughed and talked ceaselessly, about what, Tom could not fathom but he joined in with a hollow laugh and a fake smile.  Priding himself on having survived the day, he hoped to go early to bed, but the Steward reminded him that he had promised a visit to a neighboring Lord that evening in recompense for the ball.  Tom sighed but again resigned himself to his fate.  So it was that days passed into weeks and then into months, and ever was Tom visiting or being visited by various royal or noble personages, all with painted smiles and empty laughter, saying nothing worth remembering an hour hence.  Worse, every unmarried girl old enough to be out in public, some older than his mother, flung herself or was flung by various mothers, aunts, and sisters into his way.  For one always surrounded by people, he found himself very much alone.
Finally, one bright day in the early autumn, he told his Steward that he wanted a day off from the continual merriment and was going for a ride.  The Steward was aghast that his master would flout tradition and ignore his many invitations and guests, but would not dare defy a direct order.  So it was that young Tom rode off while the Steward hastily wrote elaborate and insincere excuses to all those who would soon be affronted by such unseemly behavior.  
Tom galloped off into the burgeoning day, refreshed by the stillness of the world about him and the chill in the air.  An hour later, he dismounted and led the weary beast to a small stream in the midst of a meadow in which a flock of sheep was grazing peacefully at the far end.  He watched the young shepherdess with some envy as she quietly tended her charges, as yet unaware of the stranger in her meadow; he thought wistfully back to his own rustic duties, what seemed a lifetime ago.  Suddenly, her tranquility was shattered as she noticed the richly garbed youth and well-bred horse that had invaded her pastoral refuge.  She bowed nervously, still at a great distance, and hastily gathered up her sheep, intent on driving them to a pasture where they would not disturb His Lordship.  Tom sighed mournfully, mounted his horse, and rode slowly out of the meadow, leaving the lady to her sheep.
As he passed a small cottage in his retreat, a sudden whimsical smile lit his face, the first real smile he had borne in many days; he turned in at the gate and knocked upon the door.  The aged woman who answered his summons stared at him in surprise and dread, bowed inexpertly, and said graciously, if with a nervous trill, “what may I do for you Lord?”
Tom grinned foolishly, “I wish to make an exchange madam.  Have you a horse and a set of clothes to trade for my own?”
She stared at him in incomprehension, “nay lord, I have but a poor beast and only the rough garb of my late husband, I have nothing that would be of service or worth to you!”
He nodded eagerly, “exactly madam, that is what I wish.  Take my finery and give me your serviceable items in their stead.”
She shook her head in wonder but motioned for him to come in.  She spent a little time rummaging in drawer and trunk while he sipped hastily brewed tea, but finally she produced some plain, but well made clothes that would fit the lad reasonably well.  He left the tired, but expensive horse in the small lean-to that served as barn and stable and mounted the aged sorrel gelding that had once pulled cart and plow.  He told the good lady in parting, “keep or sell what I have given you madam, whatever serves you best!  Farewell.”  He turned the ancient beast and plodded back towards the meadow where the shepherdess waited with her sheep.
The appearance of a peasant lad did not frighten the poor lass, as had the daunting vision of a nobleman in the distance.  She even went so far as to share her noon meal with him once she was convinced he was simply a weary traveler rather than either villain or lord.  They shared a merry meal together and spoke of her stock, the weather, village gossip, her kin, and the crops.  As the sun was setting, Tom was reluctant to leave, having had a real conversation for the first time since his advent into this strange reality and feeling again as if he were a mortal man, rather than a puppet that wandered purposelessly from one grand entertainment to the next.  The girl saw his unease and misinterpreting it said, “come home with me, my father would gladly put you up for the night and my mother will have a good supper on the table.”  He smiled gratefully at her and accompanied her home, showing himself well accustomed to the practice as he helped her gather up the scattered flock for the night.

The Steward watched intently all the day and well into the night, but the boy never returned.  He sighed heavily and knew that his Lordship was forever lost to them, as had so many been before him.  He went to tell the other servants to put the house in order that they might await their next ephemeral Lord.  Tom eventually married the shepherdess and returned to his unassuming life, now quite content therein.  The insipid but well-meaning fairy continued to grant wishes, that for some reason never quite brought their recipients the joy and meaning they had anticipated, but rather taught them to appreciate that which they already had, which was truly a wish come true


Excerpt from ‘In Search of Stories,’ from ‘The Greylands: Volume III:’

It was one of those days where adventure seemed to lurk around the corner and the very wind sang its own wild siren song to the soul, but adventures did not exist in a place like this, neither did they assault so lowly a personage as either of the two boys walking slowly along the path, seemingly in pursuit of game but more likely so lost in one another’s company that a rabbit might sit in the path before them, unmoving as the earth, and not catch their attention.  The feeling of the day was such that the stories tried grandly but often failed to catch its glory, at least if stories as such were allowed in such a place and time.  For though the trees were aflame with color about them and the evening sun gilded everything it touched, as the wind played among the golden grasses and hinted at cooler months ahead, and the chorus of geese overhead confirmed it, they walked on nearly impervious to the delight to soul and senses about them, for such was not considered a needful thing in their drear lives.  In fact, joy as such an autumnal evening might purvey was considered anathema and the least hint of it was swiftly punished by well meaning parents and neighbors, which deadened the senses of those so afflicted and stifled their souls therewith.  
For man had no soul; he was nothing but a rather intelligent beast prone to suffer for a season and then pass into oblivion after all his strivings with none the wiser that he had ever been or gone.  It was an unhappy thought but it was the feeling of the times, and as such it afflicted the two poor souls wandering amidst the golden wood quite grievously, for their age made them quite prone to such fancies and suppressing them was akin to pulling teeth, but it was such rebellion that had driven them into this woody solitude to mourn their aching hearts.  Sighed Bayard, “days such as this make me long to think things for which our elders might well chasten us, if not worse!”  
His companion agreed, “but it is for our own good that such thoughts are forbidden for they bring only passing joy which makes the sorrows of life much harder to bear.  What point is there in encouraging something that only leads to greater pain?  But how I wish our elders were wrong!  My heart of hearts yearns to run through those hills and rejoice in the shear joy of living, but alas that there is nothing much worth singing over.”  They walked drearily on, neither consoled by the words of the other but finding a modicum of comfort in the shared grief and presence of his friend.  
Said Bayard, “why is it that such things are forbidden?  The sorrows and suffering come regardless and must be endured as much as winter and rain.  Would not a little joy be like Spring in our lives?  It seems that winter is more bearable for the promise of spring; a life with only winter would not be much worth living.”  Archer’s eyes were wide with such treasonous speech but deep within the darkest corners of his own heart, a rebellious little voice laughed for joy.  But then he began to think and to wonder, why were such simple pleasures denied?  Why was it a crime to pursue joy?  If the sorrows must be borne, why not the joys of life also?  But his were a grim and sullen folk who spent all their short lives toiling in useless labor, ever with the threat and gloom of danger and sorrow lurking about them, set to pounce at any moment, most often in the guise of men faithful to one tyrant lord or another or to no one but themselves.  Joy was not encouraged, for it might draw attention from the minions of a ruling tyrant, so it was ruthlessly suppressed from the youngest age and earliest appearances.  For there was no law but the whims of dark and distant tyrants and one did what one must to survive.
Archer queried of the air, “they take what little we have upon a whim and may abuse us as they please for their own amusement or benefit, but of what benefit is it to deny us even the pleasure of a sunset, for what harm is there in that?”  
“Dangerous ponderings indeed lad,” said a man’s voice coming alongside them.  Lost in thought and brooding as they were, neither had noticed the plainly clad stranger approaching openly upon the way.  They both jumped, exchanged a horrified look that perhaps their doom was upon them, and then began to relax minutely when they discovered that the man wore a friendly smile and his sword remained firmly in its sheath.  
“Who are you?” gasped Bayard, “and how come you to say such things?  We will not stand to have tales carried to the wrong ears.”  The man laughed, which sounded strange to their young ears that seldom heard such a pleasant sound but which broke the last remaining tension.  They knew here was no threat but perhaps a sympathetic ear or even a bold man willing to break all traditions and laws and flaunt his joy to the world!
The man continued walking, forcing the boys to resume their own meander lest they lose so interesting a companion, he said, “I am no one of significance but no threat either.  Is it for such rebellious talk, at least as most would see it, that you walk alone in the wide world for a time?”  
Archer grinned weakly, for smiling was not a habit common to his folk, “such are our crimes indeed.  How is it you defy such ordinances?”  
The man laughed once more, a sound as rich and deep as the river that flowed placidly alongside them.  He continued, “your folk I fear, are those who defy their very natures.  It is not for man to be grim and solemn all his days but to find joy in its proper time and weep when he must, but never to be slave to either pleasure or despair.  Some folk find it to their advantage to suppress such feelings in others, for they have a way of causing other uneasy thoughts to enter one’s mind which are hazardous to said folk.”  
Bayard exclaimed, “how can joy be dangerous?”  
The stranger replied, “if men are cattle to work all their weary days and then cease from the earth with neither great sorrow nor great joy, though I fear you cannot escape the sorrow as easily as one can dampen joy, and there is nothing ever after and no point in the interim then no one seeks anything greater or turns their hopes to brighter days.  All life is pain and suffering and perhaps the sooner ended the better.  Such is the view that enslaves your folk.  For fear of losing what little they have they have given up everything worth living for.  They live in dread and gloom and fear and find no purpose or hope or satisfaction in all their weary trials and only welcome death will cease their strivings and agony.”
Archer said, “you speak truly sir, for such is our weary life and it was but young hearts and a gay morning that drew us from our usual toils to hope and to mourn for a little before returning to our drab and colorless lives.  But how is it that you speak of joy so freely when what you said is the way of the world?”  
The man smiled as if well practiced in the art, “it is perhaps the only way you know, but it is not the way the world was meant to be and there are a few bold rebels who dare to hope it might be set aright.”  
Said Bayard, “how can the world have been meant to be anything?  Are we all not dust and nothing before or after?  With no meaning or purpose or hope?  The world is as it is and nothing a few optimists say can change that.”  
The man nodded, “many think as you, for they see the suffering and the pain and wonder that there could be anything good or right or true in a world where such things abound, but have you ever wondered why you would wonder why things were not as they should be?  If the world were right, we would not know that it is wrong, any more than a fish knows anything about being wet until you force him out of the water.  All men wonder why things are not better or different, thus implying that there is some standard we expect of reality yet it is not the way of the world, therefore something must be wrong, else why would we feel discontent?  If this world were as it should be we would not be surprised by any amount of pain or suffering or sorrow, but just say that things are as they are and think no more of it, but we are always horrified when some new tale of woe besets us rather than taking it placidly like cattle, who bellow for a day over their lost calves but then forget them entirely the next.”
The eyes of the boys were wide enough that the man feared they might fall from their sockets, but he continued, “strange ideas I know, but thoughts that lurk deep within each human soul if only we sit and ponder long enough they are sure to peek out now and then, and such ponderings are exactly what your dread lords wish to prevent thus they do not encourage joy or any other emotion that might accidentally rub up against the soul and remind mere men that they are more than flesh and bone.”  
“You are mad!” said Bayard aghast, but a secret hope shone in his eyes, “such is not what we were taught!”  
Laughed the man, “weigh what you have been taught against my words and see which your heart deems true.  Why do joy and sorrow haunt our lives if we are merely beasts?  Why are you not content to live and die and then be nothing more?  They can try and deny you joy but they cannot keep you from discovering that there is more to mortal man than this shell of clay!”  
Archer gasped, “oh, that it might be true!  So many longings and questions have been ignored or suppressed that I begin to believe as they, yet I cannot fathom a life lived in vain and weary toil.  Is there truly something more?”  
The man nodded and said, “for those who seek it, the way will be opened yet it is not a path easily pursued, for all the powers of this world and worse, fell powers beyond mortal comprehension despise that path and seek to subvert or destroy all who might take it.  At its end lie things more great and wonderful than mortal imagination can desire yet the road is weary, dark, and dangerous though not without hope and joy.”
“Of what do you speak?” asked Archer, barely restraining his enthusiasm.  
But the man’s reply was lost in a groan of pain as he clutched at the arrow suddenly protruding from his chest and fell to his knees.  The boys stared aghast at their erstwhile companion, not knowing what was happening or even if it were real.  The man gasped, “remember what I have said, for death may well be the price you pay to pursue true life, but it is well worth it in the end…”  He trailed off as he fell forward and lay sprawled upon the grass, unmoving.  
The nightmare only grew worse, for it was no dream but terrifyingly real.  Six mounted men rode swiftly upon the scene from the direction the arrow had come.  They drew rein around the morbid little gathering and held their swords at the ready.  All were clad in varying degrees of black, red, and silver and every eye was cold as the depths of a winter night.  The boys drew closer together and watched in horrified wonder as one of the taller men dismounted, ignored the two boys, and approached the still form upon the ground.  He turned over the prone form and a small smile appeared on his lips but did not touch his steely eyes.  He faced his master and said, “he is dead my lord, but certainly the villain you were in pursuit of.”  
“A pity that,” muttered the most richly clad of the group, “for it is so much more interesting and informative when a live specimen can be obtained but then they are also much more trouble to deal with and this guarantees that his vile tongue is forever silenced.  It is just as well I suppose.”  The lord then turned his frigid gaze upon the terrified boys and said, “and what of you wretched peasant children?  How long have you known this man?  What has he told you?”  
Fear froze their tongues until one of the soldiers rode forward and held Bayard at sword point, at which he said, “he came upon us quite suddenly in the woods while we were out hunting.  He said many strange and troubling things in the partial hour we spent in his presence.”  
Said the lord, “have you any foolish notions of looking deeper into those matters this man may have broached?”  
Archer shivered, “he told us nothing but vagaries and things which go against all the laws and traditions of our folk.  How can we pursue such things when we know nothing about them and they violate all we hold dear?”  
The lord smiled grimly and said, “see that you do not or his fate shall be your own.  Such men are hunted down and destroyed like the beasts they are.”  As he spoke, his minion afoot drew his sword and took the head of his fallen foe, as if it were some sort of grisly trophy.  
He held the grotesque thing up for the terrified boys to behold and said, “such is the ignoble end of all his kind.  If you ever need a reminder, you can meet your old friend, or at least what is left of him upon the Traitor’s Wall in Sangoria.”  He thrust his trophy into a bag and remounted his horse.  
Both of the boys looked sick with terror and disgust, which pleased the lord quite well as he said, “you have seen what awaits such traitors.  When next we meet, I hope to see you have remained faithful to your lords and masters or you know what will happen.”  With that, the entire party turned their horses and rode swiftly out of sight and hearing.
The boys exchanged a horrified look and ran home as quick as they might, not liking the idea of remaining alone with a headless corpse in the falling dark and in fear that the evil men might return.  Out of breath, they were forced to return to a slower pace but still neither could speak about the strange revelations and the horrors they had just witnessed.  The first stars were making their appearance when they finally reached the village and each returned silently to his own home but neither could tell their concerned parents why they looked as if they had met some great terror in the woods or why they went to bed without speaking to anyone or eating anything.  A raven sat upon a thatched roof and watched the boys return in utter terror and flee into their pathetic abodes; it squawked a laugh and vanished into the deepening night.

Sleep was long in coming, but when it finally came it was not a restful thing, for it seemed the terrors of the day inspired strange and uneasy dreams.  Bayard stood on a broad plain, but it was broad in sense rather than by sight, for all about a thick fog shrouded the world and dismal grey clouds lowered overhead, while an incessant drizzle fell upon the weary traveler.  He began to walk, for there seemed nothing else to do in such a place.  Here and there he saw men busy at some task but they never noticed his passing or felt any inclination to approach for they seemed quite intent on their business and indifferent to all else.  Here a man dug a pit, there another sat upon the piled dirt, proud as a king, there another filled in the holes, one sat upon the ground in dejection, refusing even to move, and others fought over a hole or a dirt pile and a furtive looking man darted in between the various holes and piles, as if he hoped to gain thereby at the expense of others.  Bayard looked on, wondering what all the fuss was about.  Who would weary themselves, let alone fight in such a dismal place?  
He felt drawn forward and even though he stood still, it felt as if he moved or perhaps the entire plain upon which he stood moved in a certain direction.  He obliged the strange feeling by walking in the direction the whole earth seemed intent upon moving.  After what seemed a lifetime, with countless figures engaged in the same activities he had witnessed previously darting about in the fog, he saw that towards which the whole world was moving.  Before him gaped a fissure perhaps two feet wide but infinitely deep and long, and into it plunged all the hapless creatures that seemed to be standing unknowingly upon its brink while the continual movement of the plain drove them in.  Bayard tried to stop, tried to run in the opposite direction, but he could do nothing, for the pit seemed to reach out and grab him and draw him inexorably into its gaping maw.  As he drew nearer to what he hoped was oblivion, even that pitiful hope was dashed as he felt such horror and terror and sorrow and malice coming from that rent in the earth that he wished with all his heart that it were mere nothingness.  
All the dreadful plain about him seemed alive with joy and wonder compared to what he felt from the depthless maw before him.  He wept in agony, for it seemed there was nothing to keep him from falling in and to fall forever with nothing but those uneasy horrors for company, which made all the trials and sorrows of our own poor world seem a very joy beside such a fate.  Before the great mouth could swallow him forever, however, he felt his eyes drawn upward and a single ray of light breached the sullen grey clouds and for a moment Bayard’s heart quivered with such joy he feared it might burst.  He looked to the source of that light and for a moment caught just the hint of such color, light, sound, and scent that mortal tongues can neither describe nor minds comprehend such wonders.  Then the clouds drew together and all traces of that wonder were gone, but they would haunt the boy all the rest of his days, but so too was gone the gaping maw and the busily futile men.  Bayard sighed with relief at salvation from the pit but also in despair at the loss of such wonder.  
He glanced about him and found a world yet wrapped in fog but no longer dull and drear but alight as if with the morning sun and in that bright place he found a ghost.  Or at least what he took to be a ghost, for though the nobler tales could not be told, there was no proscription against tales dark and dreadful in which such wraiths often were said to lurk.  But here stood a man in form and feature as if he yet walked the earth under the sun but the boy knew well he did not.  He seemed as real as the boy, perhaps even more so.  Bayard began to wonder if the apparition were not perhaps more real than himself.  He seemed no different than the man they had met earlier that day, save perhaps some aspect of his person seemed to radiate joy or light or both, though Bayard could not tell which or from whence it sprung.  He was a bit nervous in the man’s presence, no longer out of mortal dread at undead ghouls, but because here was something or someone totally beyond his experience or comprehension.  The man’s words that day had startled the boy, his death had horrified him, the meeting of the dark men had unnerved him, and the strange vision of the grim world and grimmer pit had completely terrified him.  What more could be done this day to upset Bayard’s greatly abused senses?  He stared at the apparition and the phantom stared back, seemingly quite amused with the whole ordeal though Bayard could see nothing at all funny in the matter.  Finally he could bear it no longer and spoke, as it seemed the ghost might stand there forever and say nothing.
“You are dead?!” gasped the boy.  
The man smiled, “perhaps.”  
Bayard gaped, “I saw the whole thing!”  
“Yes,” said the imperturbable figment.  
“But?” sighed the boy.  
“Yes?” queried the phantom.  
“Are you dead?” asked the boy, now quite given up on the idea of comprehending anything that was happening on the queerest day of his life.  
“Mortally speaking,” said the man, “but then one man’s entire lifespan is only a blink in the eye of eternity that I wonder now why we make such a great fuss about it and seem to think it is all the time we have.”  
“I do not understand,” said the thoroughly confused boy.  
The man grinned, “do you not remember anything I told you?”  
The boy sighed, “you had only just begun and with everything after it was quite easily overlooked.”  
The man nodded thoughtfully, “you are right of course.  Already I begin to forget the narrow and slanted view of things that mortality affords.  Things are much clearer now and there is no question about what is truly important.”  
“What is going on?” asked the desperate boy whose senses could stand no more metaphysical abuse at the moment.  
The man said, “what you take for a dream was a rare mortal glimpse at things through the eyes of eternity.”  
The boy was on the verge of collapse, “what?”  
The man smiled, “you just had the privilege of witnessing what very few see, save at the very end of their lives as they pass from life as you call it into life as those beyond what you call reality know it.  That is, from a living death into true life.”  The boy still did not understand.  The man sighed, this would be harder than he thought.  He said, “that gloomy plain was a metaphor for life as you know it: all useless toil and despair.  Men were busy about their self-important tasks, which appeared truthfully as the tediousness that they are, and were proud of or fought over things which matter not at all, until life fails them and they find themselves upon the point of death and on the brink of that horrible pit into which you nearly fell.  Only too late do they realize their folly and that they have neglected that which is most important and find themselves forever separated from all that really matters in the world and beyond it.  That little ray of light or joy or whatever you might call it was the briefest glimpse into what lies beyond for those who care to seek it.”  
“What is it?” asked the stunned boy.  
The man smiled, “that you must discover for yourself when your own time comes, if you decide to follow such a course.”  
The boy frowned, “what do you mean I must choose to follow such a course?”  
The man said, “all men are called to follow that road and find what waits at its further end but few are they that choose to set foot upon that path or remain faithfully upon it until the very end.  As I said, it is neither easy nor free of danger but it is well worth the effort.”
“How do I find such a path?” asked the anxious boy.  
The man said, “this vision was sent that you might start upon that path if you are willing and also that you might escape the grave danger that will soon fall upon you should you remain in your village.  You must set out with all haste if you wish to save your life, but more importantly your soul.  More you will learn if your heart remains true and your vision clear.”  
“True to what?” asked the confounded boy.  
The man smiled, “true to all that is right and good and wonderful.  True to the Power that brought the worlds into being and He who calls all men to this path though few enough heed His call.  Now all is confusion and mystery but soon enough you will come to understand if you but remain true.”  
The boy sighed, “why must you speak in riddles?”  
The man smiled, “it is not yet the time or place for us to speak freely but remember what you have seen and heard this night.  If you love your life and your soul, flee from all that you once knew.  You go not alone.”  
Suddenly all was darkness about him and then he was wide awake.  The moon was heavy in the small window and all the house was abed, but Bayard knew he would find no rest this night.  He dressed quietly and crept from the house.  The village was silent about him as he gazed at the moon and wondered at all that had passed this day.  His entire life had been turned on its head!  But could such as he possessed be truly called life?  There was something more, he felt it to the very core of his being but could not yet imagine what it was.  What was he to do?  Could he simply flee home based upon a bad dream and the words of a dead stranger?  But there was something in his words and in those visions that offered something he had never felt in his entire life: hope.  He would most likely get himself killed but he knew there was no way he could remain any longer at home.
As he contemplated these things alone in the moonlight, another midnight sojourner broke his reverie.  There stood Archer, with eyes bright and wide in the moonlight and the same astonished grin on his face.  Their eyes met and they smiled at one another for a moment and knew that each had had a strange night.  Without a word, they vanished from the gaze of the benevolent moon and anyone who might be out of bed at such a strange hour.  Their families awoke to find them gone without a trace and muttered about dark things in the night and the evils that haunted the unhappy world, but such was to be expected in a world without joy and their parents bore it well, for certainly those wretched lads had ceased from suffering the various torments that life could afford and were now well beyond all reach of sorrow and pain for this was their only solace.  
Three days later, a troop of soldiers rode into the village and its leader demanded to see each nearly grown lad, but he did not find the boys among them and demanded that all be brought forth.  “Are these all your pitiful sons?” demanded the dark soldier.  
The quavering father of one of the fled youths said, “two of our boys vanished in the night three days ago, otherwise these are all the lads that remain to us.”  
“Not any longer,” snarled the soldier and he motioned for his men to round up the young men and marched them out of the village and none ever knew what came of them.  The parents of the vanished boys found some comfort in that their children had not met such an end, if any comfort could be found in such things.

“Where are we going?” gasped Archer of Bayard as they jogged along in the night.  
Bayard laughed and relished the strange sensation, feeling free as he never had before.  Whatever came of their future, at least the dread of their past was left far behind.  He was giddy with excitement and the first stirrings of hope and joy that he had ever allowed himself to feel in living memory.  He panted, “I do not know but for the moment I do not care.  The very joy of living is upon me and it is long in coming thus it must be thoroughly enjoyed.”  Finally they ceased their headlong flight into the darkness and leant heavily against a great oak while they caught their breath.  
“And where are you heroes off to?” came a chirruping voice.  They glanced around looking for the source of the words but could see little now that the moon was low on the horizon and the wood was thick about them.  “Up here!” laughed the hoarse voice.  They gaped like toddlers at the sea but could see only a little splotch of white in the lower branches of the tree.  But after their tumultuous day, nothing was like to surprise them anytime soon.  Finally they were able to make out a magpie perched there, peering at them with eyes far too keen for any simple bird.  He laughed when finally he caught their eye, “well?”  
Bayard could not help smiling in spite of himself, for a talking bird seemed a rather anticlimactic end to their day.  He laughed, “we are not sure, but anywhere seems as likely at the moment.  We were just told to leave home.”  
The strange bird nodded far too sagely for something of the avian ilk and said, “you were wise to heed such advice but it is not so wise to run off without a destination.  You are like as not to run straight into the hands of those that pursue you!”  
Archer smiled, “and what might you recommend, oh bird who knows far too much?”  
Said the bird with a wink, “I shall see to it that you go not alone.”  He leapt into the air and vanished into the dark.  
The vague grey light of early morning began to creep into the depths of the wood, both boys were exhausted by the previous day’s ordeals and needed no coaxing to find a well hidden place to rest.  Hunger roused them early in the afternoon as they crept from their leafy bower, hoping to find something to eat but neither had packed anything for a journey and both were quite stiff from their strange sleeping arrangements and unaccustomed exercise.  They stretched, quenched their thirst and washed a bit in a muddy stream, and then took to the road once more.  As they walked, they spoke of their dreams and the talking bird and of the words of the stranger and wondered what the future might hold.  They were penniless wanderers but they had never been so excited in all their short lives.  Whatever lay ahead must certainly be better than all that had gone before.  
As the shadows began to lengthen, they found themselves coming to a small village upon whose edge stood an inn.  Unlike inns in every other story you might read, this one and most in this particular world was highly uninviting to strangers, for there was no trace of singing, banter, stories, or even a game of dice.  It was peopled by some of the scariest looking men you can imagine, for no one else dared travel abroad in those days and no trace of mirth was to be found in the place.  The boys peeped in at the dreary scene, having hoped to find a generous landlord who might exchange a few scraps for a night of menial labor but the fellow behind the counter looked as hard as the soldiers they had met only the day before and there was something of a sinister look in his eyes that they did not like at all.  They wisely chose to move on quickly and lost all hope of finding something to satisfy their hunger.  Their movements however did not go unnoticed.  As they vanished once more into the nocturnal shadows, they acquired a silent shadow of their own.
They lay down in a secluded glade and though exhausted from their recent adventures and the rigors of a day on the road, their complaining stomachs threatened to keep them awake long into the night.  A branch cracked and a shadow loomed tall in the night; the fickle light of the rising moon gleamed on the edge of the bared sword.  The boys tried to retreat further into the darkness but knew it was folly to turn their backs on such a foe.  It would be better to face such an end with their enemy before them.  But death did not come quickly as they had feared, for the man put up his sword and a quiet laugh echoed through the glade, “you certainly do need an escort it seems, else you will starve before ever you reach your destination which I was told you do not even have.”  
The boys exchanged a relieved smile and crept from the shadows.  Bayard said, “please sir, tell us what strange story we have fallen into?”  
The man smiled, “each man’s life is a strange story but none knows the telling until all is said and done.  I only happen to share a few chapters with you until you are wise enough to continue on alone.”  
Archer asked, “who are you, what is your business, and how did you find us?”  
The man laughed, “my name is Roland and I am afraid my business pertains to keeping two hapless wanders out of trouble until they decide to seek company elsewhere.  As to the finding, let us just say that little birds sometimes carry tales.”

In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’


There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.


Excerpt from ‘On Princesses: A Foible’

Once upon a time in a land far away (as all such lands certainly are), there was born a Princess, and like all such royal children, her birth caused quite a stir in the Kingdom, for certainly this was a herald of troubles to come, for is it not so in all such tales?  Quite sensibly therefore, in anticipation of this unknown but very certain threat to his Crown and Kingdom, the King sent his only child away for her sake and for all other sakes in the Kingdom.  With a sigh of relief and a bit of grief, the loving but dutiful parents sent their child into another world where she might remain until the Appointed Time when the threat of all potential disasters would be long past and she could return safely to the realm.  The place where the wizards banished the poor dear was a weird and wild place, filled with all manner of strange and bizarre creatures, and this was the opinion of people who had seen unicorns and dragons and centaurs.  
It was a place where no sane villain (and very few of the crazy ones) would think to look for such a personage, for what parent would dare send their beloved child There?  Besides for the inanity of sending a royal child to such a place (which was precisely the reason to do it), there was also the fact that it would be the perfect place for her to grow up and learn all the things children of noble birth must know: namely that oneself is the most important entity in the known universe.  For the citizens of this strange and distant land had long ago forgotten their past, cared little for their futures, and could really care less about anyone but themselves.  It was a whole civilization of folk who thought they were aristocrats or at least thought they should be.  It was perfect!  Or at least it should have been, for the one problem with raising a completely self-absorbed person is trying to get them to notice or do anything not immediately associated with themselves.

“Gertrude!” shrieked a prissy female at the top of her lungs and voice range, “Gertrude!  I am in desperate need of your help!  Eeek!”  
Gertrude dashed up the stairs at her sister’s frantic call for aide, which in itself was not disturbing, for Clarisse must cry out in vexation at least a dozen times a day, but that she would ask for help from her sister was nearly unthinkable.  She either sought help from her indulgent parents, her elder but not wiser sister Missy, or from one of the equally flighty young women who always seemed to hang about her like the pox, but never would she deign to demand the assistance of her geeky twin sister.  It must be something truly desperate indeed to draw such a cry for help when Gertrude was the only person within auditory range capable of rendering aide.  Gertrude dashed into the bathroom where Clarisse was putting the finishing touches on her hours’ long morning ritual only to find the whole morning’s labor disfigured by a look of utter horror.  Now this look on anyone else might cause the observer a moment of pity but it occupied Clarisse’s face so often that those familiar with her seldom seemed to notice save in times of dire emergency such as this.  The panic filled eyes were focused on the bathroom mirror which had moments ago displayed only her gorgeous countenance but now her visage was obscured by a rather lengthy message scrawled out within the mirror itself, for no amount of wiping or scratching would efface the writing.  
Shrieked Clarisse as Gertrude ran into the little room, “what can it mean?  Oh, what can it mean?  How can hackers and telemarketers have gained access to my bathroom mirror?  I have already destroyed or deleted this message many times over, only to have it appear here!”  Gertrude was quite intrigued and even on the tingling verge of that excitement every true geek knows when an adventure is before them.  She read the message again and again, and with each reading her smile deepened while Clarisse could only stare at her in growing mystification.  Finally she groused, “why are you smiling like an idiot?  This had better not be some trick of your nerdy friends!”  
Gertrude faced her twin sister and said, “how could you have let this go for so long?  It says quite plainly that this is the five thousand one hundred and sixth time this message has been relayed!  How can you be so oblivious?  What other messages have you received?”  
Clarisse smiled frivolously and said, “oh, they have tried to contact me by every means possible.  They even sent me a letter!  Who sends letters in this day and age?  I cannot get away from this harassment, even in my own bathroom!  Every means by which to communicate has been tried and has failed, for I will not believe these hackers, whoever they are.  Are you sure this is not some weird trick from your even weirder friends?”  
Gertrude laughed grimly, “my friends are too enlightened to try entangling you in such a plot.  They would never waste their time.”  She sighed deeply, “But alas, it is real and for some reason beyond comprehension this adventure has fallen to you.”  She brightened then and said, “of course I must come with you because you will be completely inept upon such a quest.”  
Clarisse gaped, “you believe this nonsense?  You really think this is wise or safe or socially acceptable?”  Gertrude laughed as she grabbed her sister’s hand and drew her out of the bathroom and down the hall towards the bedrooms, saying, “it is certainly none of those but you are not going to miss this if I can help it!”  Clarisse was too mystified to do anything but follow in confused astonishment.  
The full text of the writing was as follows, “My Dearest Madam, please be informed that we have tried reaching you by various means, on several occasions (5,106 to be exact).  We were loath to send this message in this manner as it is quite intolerable to separate one’s royal personage from one’s royal reflection but we are quite desperate.  Please proceed to the Park and enter the first horse drawn vehicle you encounter and all will be well.  If you fail in this endeavor many lives, including possibly your own, shall be grievously touched.  Ever Yours, The Royal Secretary of Lofrenier.”  Clarisse could not comprehend in the least what Gertrude knew almost before she read the message: it must be magical and therefore an adventure, but who was senseless enough to ask for help from such a person as Clarisse?  Regardless, this thing must be done and there was no way that Gertrude was going to miss it.
They stopped in Clarisse’s room and Gertrude ransacked her as until now forbidden closet.  She finally drew forth a long dress that might be just the thing, or as close to the thing as she could convince Clarisse to wear in public.  Clarisse was aghast to see Gertrude digging in her closet but then even more mortified when she demanded that she wear last year’s prom dress out in the streets!  The poor old dress was so terribly out of fashion that Clarisse would be forced to remain out of social reach for at least a week if she were foolish enough to give in to her sister’s ravings.  Gertude solved this small problem by dashing from the room and presenting her sister with a veil.  At first Clarisse had no idea what the filmy material was and then it occurred to her that she could then appease her sister (also something she had never done) and also be out and about without causing a riot and being recognized as she had feared.  As she donned the clothing, still not understanding but so shocked with the morning’s events that she dared not defy her sister, Gertrude dashed from the room and returned almost instantly garbed in one of those weird ensembles she insisted on wearing to Medieval Fairs and Sci-Fi Conventions but this outfit was much more appropriate to the former than the latter.  
“You look like Robin Hood,” laughed Clarisse, as Gertrude tied up the back of her dress.  
Gertrude grinned and said, “one of us had better.  Come my Lady!”  They donned a pair of cloaks (also quite unfashionable) and made their way out the door and towards the park.
“I still can’t believe we are doing this,” said Clarisse as they entered the park.  
Gertrude grinned and said, “I cannot believe you are doing this, but I can easily believe I am doing this.”  
Clarisse nodded dully, remembering all the times her weird sister had dressed up to attend movie premiers, book signings, and conventions.  On their own street, had there been anyone to observe they might have been remarked, but in the park they were quite overlooked as the various denizens thereof were even more aberrantly arrayed than themselves.  There were the punk kids with their tattered clothes, chains, tattoos, and interesting hair colors.  There was a wedding party posing for pictures.  There was a herd of young people wearing nothing but black, complete with stygian hair and make-up.  There were clowns and street performers and old ladies with blue hair, and in the mix no one noticed the pair of oddly clad young ladies. They had circled the park halfway when finally a vehicle drawn by something of vaguely equine descent stood waiting as had the Handsome Cabs of London in bygone years.  Clarisse gave one desperate look to her sister who only laughed excitedly and drew her into the buggy.
The door closed behind them, the driver whipped up the beast, and off they rattled.  It was completely dark in the little carriage, for the windows were covered and the doors were shut.  Clarisse wondered if perhaps she had wandered into a bad dream.  Gertrude was so happy she hoped she would not wake up and spoil it; her only disappointment was that her sister seemed to be the heroine of this tale rather than herself.  They rattled on for what seemed hours but was perhaps only five minutes when the driver stopped the creature pulling the vehicle, descended from his perch, and opened the door while bowing deeply to its occupants.  They stood before an enormous castle that blushed crimson with the rising sun.  A middle aged man and woman, both handsome and wearing crowns, stood upon the great steps and stared in wonder at Clarisse; they had yet to notice Gertrude in their excitement.  
Finally the woman spoke, “welcome home Princess!”  
Gertrude gaped, “you are a princess?  Well, I should have known!  That explains everything!”  
“And who is this?” asked the man in some amusement.  
Clarisse stuttered, quite overcome, “my sister.”  
The Royal pair exchanged an amused smile and the Queen said gently, “but child, you have no siblings.  Perhaps she is your adopted sister but certainly she is not of Royal Blood.”  
Clarisse’s eyes widened with shock and she said joyfully, “we are not related?  That is wonderful!  I knew she was too strange to be a blood relative!  I at first suspected aliens, but I suppose this is a reasonable alternative.  What did you say about me being a Princess?”  Quickly the whole tale was told about how the girl’s birth was certainly a proclamation of doom and how she had been sent to another world for everybody’s sake and how her mother in that strange land had only had one baby but somehow everyone thought she had had two quite unidentical twins.  And now, the time had come for Clarisse to marry and live happily ever after.  Clarisse gaped, “but how can I marry someone I do not even know?  Maybe if he is a Prince and terribly handsome…”  
Said the King, “certainly he is a Prince and Princes by definition must be handsome.  You must marry him or Dread Things might result.”


