THE STAR HERO TYGGARMAN

BOOK 1 – The Star Doggie
(Chapters 21-39 + bonuses) 
 
By Jaguar T. Thornproof

Text & images copyright © 2021 Jaguar T. Thornproof
All Rights Reserved. 


No part of this book can be redistributed on any platform without my permission. 
This story is work of fiction. All included may resemble real events or people, but it all was fully fictional. Not intentional.


 
Contact:
jaght8@outlook.com
 
 


Starion 3- The Anguish Star
Vol 21 – The Depthness
Vol 22 – The Desperate Assault
Vol 23 – The Sum of All flaws
Vol 24 – The Little-small War
Vol 25 – The Relief
Vol 26 – The Burial
Vol 27 – The Immortal Star
Vol 28 – The Independence
Vol 29 – The Flawed Corruption
Vol 30 – The Anguish Star
Starion 4- The Starion
Vol 31 – The Importance’s
Vol 32 – The Starion
Vol 33 – The Goggorott
Vol 34 – The Zombie Stars
Vol 35 – The Husker
Vol 36 – The Ruins of Black matter
Vol 37 – The Zero of in a ruin
Vol 38 – The Cosmic Cavaliers
Vol 39 – The “We will chase after you!”
+
Vol 40 – The Plan of the Stern King
Vol 41 – The Wandering Stars
Vol 42- The For the Freedom our and your
Vol 43- The End of a long War
Vol 44- The Last Companionship







Author note:
The story will continue in BOOK 3- EXYLON
Released around 2025, if you like the story, please purchase the full book. Please continue to support the original author. Please understand that purchasing this story is the only way to keep the author alive.

Keep in mind that they are fictional characters, it is only a story. I wanted more dark content for “Tyggarman” because I feel it is satisfying. This book is a prelude to the final chapter of the story. More like a filler arc for Tygg’s character development than anything else. I’m gonna make it best possible so it gonna take from me a whole 2 or 3 years of writing. I want set up and close everything. I want you to feel a satisfaction from the story as a whole. I write to like the story just as a reader. This part of the book shows you some of the overworld of the Star Hero Tyggarman, but I decided that for the most of the book Tygg will struggle alone against himself and the world. He must be ready, he must gain power, he must mature. Gladly it did not turned out to be just as long as I feared. That was a very interesting reading I must say. I’m still afraid about certain scenes, but maybe they are good after all… people mature, and Tygg matured, and the real life is not a fairy tale. I hope I have patient and wise readers and you will accept what I made. I can promise that in future nothing like this is going to happen ever.

Jaguar


VOL 21- The Depthness

The flow of the black matter reached a distant place, a place, where four big cocoons were pulsating like a heartbeat, consuming the back matter that got separated from Tygg’s body and slowly, very slowly keeping their growth…

Tygg was standing on a lonely asteroid, completely unbalanced, yes unable to fall down into any direction, just like something was propping his feet’s towards the very little space, tying him to it. Just like a gravity trap, where the boy only could kept his unconsciousness, bound somewhere behind his eyes, behind his mind, though still conscious and pretty aware. The black matter kept traveling the distance from the depths of the cosmic sphere, ripping the little boy part by part and tracking towards the unknown place hide from the world by the Lord of the Black holes, and for sure pretty forgotten by him. What a kind of hypocrisy he pulled off, as when back then he accused Tygg’s friends for a lack of memory…

Lord stepped back on the surface of the asteroid lagging behind him a long shadow. On the asteroid where was placed a main base of the Relief’s army, and though the rock was gigantic, it has only one building on it, pretty small on the background of everything else. Yet, that building was hiding inside tons and tons of awaiting soldiers, waiting for the orders, orders, they will not hear in any time as for long, when the Lord is still in there. There was no need for it. He slowly started walking towards the dust left by the disintegrated star doggie, his mid was clear, just accomplished and ready to finish what he should. He was not watching directly his four bugs caught into the spiderweb, though he knew what he’s aiming for, just like a shadow, just like a reaper, ready to cut down the ropes of life of those mere souls, who need be directly punished for stepping onto his territory… 

‘Don’t you feel like… bothering for him, he won’t get away from that place anytime soon, also I have not done with you all yet...’ Lord spoken with a childish manner towards struggling Pete and rest of the company, he was clearly amused and bothered and even bored at the same time, just like he had to clean up the mess made by someone else, on purpose to give him more work...

Something warped from the white vortex and Lord stopped and raised his blinkers from under the hat, glaring in a white and silent fury into the hooded lion man who appeared in front of his preys.

‘You should stay away from this mess...’ Kaen glanced behind his shoulder and Pete make a sad face, but at the same time he felt that something heavy left his chest letting him breathe again, he smiled back to the lion who turned his sight again towards the Lord of the Black holes. All of them were praying at soul for a miracle, even Kaen, though none of them could know his fears and doubts. He was looking like an old tired lion, just like he somehow lost that star like form from before when they had met him.

‘You should behave like a Lord, where your manners...’ Kaen insist, trying to be sarcastic, but he already knew that his opponent have no sense of humor. 

‘Hmph...How is that possible that you always come to fight me in this pathetic state?’ Lord snapped, on what Kaen only narrowed his eyes and pulled out a weird star shaped item with only three horns, the top horn was missing. He held it in front of him in defense position like he was holding a sword. 

‘How is that possible you thinking you are any more?’ 

‘I feel sorry to you...Mr. Lion’ Lord squinted his eyes and then he thrown in front of him a two big shadow hands with sharp claws made from his own black matter. Kaen raised the hilt and from the lacking horn a white wave of energy formed a lance around the hilt, covering his hand, then it hardened turning into something like made from a stone star. Kaen clashed with the giant claws in the last moment and then he started struggling, pushed back by the fierce power. His hood was blown off by the impact uncovering his face, he was looking old, and tired, his yellow irises were full of old white light...

‘I hope this is last time I must rescuing you...’ he gasped struggling with the hands, Pete was watching him and slowly stared sinking down with that small frail hope he had... Lord squinted his eyes even tighter, there won’t be any more…

***

Cosmic space was calm, silent and black, full of blinking stars, on the distant planet has been living a people who were terrorized by the Lord of the Black holes, on another one, were living a people who were praised by the Lord of the Black holes, and on another, were living a people who were left alone, not bothered by anyone. That was the matter of fact that the cosmos has someone to live into it, even if these lives were numbered by the past events, and only few had been able to move into the cosmos, trying to escape and find own place to be. Though the pool was finite, many lives were still able to show that they live and that they want to play with their own rules, though not always valid... But the distance between them was too big to become measurable and too big for them to even welcome each other...if any…But certain two of them were right now flying through the black space on the small asteroid they stole from a soldier of the Relief army.

‘We are on the right track?’ asked a girl wearing a black mask of a super hero, she was wearing purple suit with yellow cape and light green boots and white gloves, she had reddish hair mixed with the black, she was little taller than Tygg and she was 14 years old. She had normal white ‘S’ on the front of her breast and she was looking pretty slapstick. Like a Barbie doll.

‘I don’t know, we were not eating anything since few days...’ responded weakly her companion, who was a tall humanoid cat with the dark skin wearing a golden-yellow hero suit with a fur coat, which made him resembling a lion, he had a glowing light blue accents on it in the shape of a thunders, same goes for the artificial leopard tail, since he had born without it, he had not any cape, but more likely he has been cosplaying another animal. He was 16 years old but still was behaving like a child. Apparently for his race, maturity age was postponed, differently to many other beings in this world.

‘Gheez...if we won’t find that star shaped stone, then we will keep dying over and over...’ she sighed and the boy grumped, and after a short while he admitted bitterly;

‘I fucking hate that retarded Lord of the Black holes...’

***

Kaen was observed by the Lord of the Black holes, as he kept struggling holding the lance with his other hand, and trying to push back or maybe even destroy the arms which were aiming for him to crush his head and body…the white sparkles were flying from the epicenter of the collision, just like someone was trying to cut something with a grinder... Lord must not powering them up, or doing anything else, because he had plenty of time, it was only a playhood for him, as in the truth he had more aces in his sleeves to easily dominate anyone he wanted, yet, the tittle of the Black Ace was not belonging to him...not yet sadly. He remembered all of sudden that he still have lots of work before he can even measure himself to such a being, right now he was only a mere shadow with a free will…He closed his eyes and lowered his head, why he is always thinking about things like that? 

‘Khh….GRRRRRRRRR….OOOOOOOOO~!!!’ Lord opened his eyes watching from under the hat, it was an another growling and strong pull up made by Mr. Lion, but he still could not get rid of the gripping claws shot towards him… Lord sighed, what a mess…

‘Maybe you should let them to crush you...’ he suggested with tired voice, though he had nothing to do right now between his huntings, he started feeling boredom, it was always like this, and lion kept coming and coming after him, even if he could just blew him away with a fart…

‘Shut… the fuck… UUUUP~!!!!’ Kaen roared and pulled the lance up and he released from the clamp pushing the hands away, but short after they started moving towards him again with the furious speed, he dodged them by warping into a white vortex and at the same time he tried to cut them with one strong movement when appearing instantly next to them, but his lance only went through them like through a smoke…

‘Damn it...’ he cussed and flipped back, landing on his hand, and then bounced back way, back on his feet’s, to keep a safe distance to think. The arms moved after him, he felt how his gut shrunk down and how fear started filling it up, he started breathing heavy, more stressful. He can possibly die in this form, but he has no power to turn into an ‘immortal…’ And as if it would even be helpful.

‘Just let it kill you...’ Lord complained and then disappeared, appearing behind the Kaen ‘...Or I will hold you back Mr. Lion...’ 

‘Wha…?!’ Kaen lowered his guard as the Lord suddenly approached him like a wild animal its prey, the roles suddenly reversed for a while, and that little while let the black claws hit, piercing into his flesh, into his chest, making him scream in the agony, and short after a giant explosion of the black matter throwin him away. Pete was trembling from fear, already devoid of hope, Thub and Grub still were dead-staring into the space above them, but still probably listening. Vagös kept being unconscious…

‘HA...yy...ha...haaa...hahyh...hy...hyyy...’ Kaen starled out, just like he has released a trapped breath, held back into his throat by the explosion impact...
Starled out- releasing a breath fiercely, breathing in an effort, wheezing 

‘You’re alive! Bravo!’ Lord clapped observing him, on what Kaen belched on his breath, trying to calm down. 

‘If this keep happening...’ he muttered under his breath, he roared and jumped forward towards the all four of Tygg’s companion, but then the Lord snapped with his fingers and around each of them raised a black but still vivid domes, a round barriers protecting them from being taken away. Kaen clashed into it surprised and then jumped back. Those were hard.

‘You won’t take my preys from me...’ Lord lowered his voice. He had advantage since very beginning.

‘Khh...’ Kaen looked at the barriers he raised, and his eyes met Pete’s and the face of the lion bittern, he started breathing heavily through his nose. 

‘I’m such a loser...’ he whispered narrowing his eyes, he hated himself, he let something like that happen to these poor little beings…he supposed to protect all the live in their universe. Lord keep observing him, waiting for his next action. Though none of them admitted it openly, both of them had a lot of fun right now, playing with each other into a good guy and bad guy...Lord already knew that it was only a playhood, though none of them can hurt each other at all…

‘A bitter-sweet check mate...’ Lord snarled and snapped with his fingers on what Kaen raised his lance, the pitch-black hound golems surrounded him, arising from his own shadow split into few pieces…

‘Now, you can’t move away until you destroy all of them and re-join your shadow...’ Lord threw his hands trying to play innocent. Kaen gulped throwing his eyes around, if he blew it, this time for sure he will be walking dead…


Tygg felt a warm feeling into his chest, and he slowly started being aware of the situation he had been put into, and the more he was standing mounted to the floating stone, the more each of his heart beats started being warmer and louder, just like a signal to his own conscious. His lips trembled a little and he felt a sting of a ripped apart the black matter traveling through his own body, it hurt, it hurt like something was ripping his body and skin alive, he chocked on his weak breath and he started trembling as the heat was raising. An invisible wave of the giant heart beat bumped from his body spreading across the cosmic space and short after the asteroid under his feet’s turned very slowly into pieces, flying away after the black matter… his body rested floating in place. The white beam of the light faded away just like something stopped delivering a power to it, the black matter flowing from the depths stopped, and then ripped off itself disappearing into nothingness, joining back with the cosmic spheres…

A pair of yellow animalistic eyes glow into the cosmic darkness, just like they were infused with the darkness from the very beginning, observing Tygg’s body. Slowly, the boy started moving forward, then his body was pulled down by something before it regain stability, his eyes were still wide open and his tears slowly flown away suspended into the space. The glowing eyes kept observing his movement, but the being hidden behind them did not moved at all, only kept observing, observing how an giant black hole is slowly sucking the little boy into it, just like it was ready for the meal, right into it’s depthness…

VOL 22- The Desperate Assault 

Kaen was standing surrounded by twenty war-wolf golems made from his own split shadow, he was listening and analyzing carefully, watching for the move, for the attack...but the golems were not moving at all, which made him surprised and scared, that was first time Lord ever used such a trick on him…

‘Surprised?’ Lord asked viciously.

‘Of course not’ Kaen grinned full of self, he was trying to pull out his coolness to anger the Lord. He narrowed his eyes and raised his head questioningly.
‘I don’t think you will be able to move anywhere, these shadows are tied to your movements, they are still only shadows after all..’

‘Ah so..’ lion grinned even more, but his heart started beating faster, he realized for the very first time, that his chest is deeply wounded by the claws and that he’s bleeding wide open…

‘Shit...’ Kaen cussed and grabbed his chest and during that brief moment of innocence he didn’t realized that he did what Lord intended from the beginning, at the same time all golems roared and attacked him, he tried cover himself but their claws wounded his backs and sides. 

‘GHAAAAAAAAAAAA~!!!’ Kaen roared and started breathing deeply and nervous. Lord once again seemed pleased with this view, Kaen gathered all strengths into him and pulled out himself jumping through a white vortex, into the sky, high away from the circle, but all golems only followed him.

‘Oh my...GET THE FUCKING OUT!’ Kaen roared at them and with the taunted nerves he once again pulled all his muscles, and he cut through the golems which smashed with the wide spread hit of an invisible energy wave, and fell on their back’s on the ground. Kaen realized that all of them have weird ropes coming out from their feet’s.

‘Wha...’ 
‘This is your shadow, did you forgot?’ Lord snarled and Kaen growled and glared at him. But then lowered his sight, he had all golems attached to his feet’s through these weird shadowy ropes.
‘What if I pulled myself at you!?’ He pulled his body down on the asteroid and before any of golem managed even do anything, he bounced and jumped forward the Lord of the Black holes.

‘HEH’ Kaen grinned because he knew that Lord was ready to escape, but he was unaware that Kaen have a different plan. Lion stopped few meters from the Lord who already awaited to escape from the fire line. Lion pulled the star lance and pierced with it down into the asteroid surface, everything started shaking, and the giant stone started cracking.

‘You piece of...’ Lord shoot into him a gigantic arms again, and lion smiled, he pulled out the lance and jumped through the vortex in the air, Lord of the black holes was looking surprised, but then he started realizing what he has done, gigantic claws crushed golems into pieces releasing his own shadow which has returned back to him. 

‘Ha!’ lion triumphed, yet he managed to damage the asteroid a little, which was good, maybe he should destroy the base too…
But what he will do if the Lord decide to use the same trick again…He glanced at the trapped fellows and cussed at soul, he should try shatter these domes…

‘I won’t let you do as you want, Lion!’ Lord snapped with his fingers and this time the black matter from Kaen shadow was pulled down like a rope and it pierced into the asteroid surface, pinning him down. 

‘You really don’t like lose control...’ Kaen shouted as his body started rushing towards the ground like pulled by a powerful gravity, he landed hardly, out of breath, propping himself on one knee.

‘Can we stop playing around?’ Lord asked. Kaen raised his eyebrows, Pete started desperately kicking and beating into the barrier trapping him, somehow past shock wave made by Kaen freed him from tangles of his own shadow.

‘What do you mean...’ asked Kaen unsure. Lord sighed.

‘BECAUSE I AM TIRED OF THIS SHIT...’ his eyes flashed and from under his feet’s his shadow started rushing towards the lion.

‘He have a shadow?’ Kaen was caught off guard. Since when…?

‘No, you fool...’ Lord lowered his sight and voice ‘This is only aesthetic choice...for my personal fun...’ something was wrong in there, the Lord who was playful before went straight to deadly seriousness, just like something scared him off. In that one moment of distraction, Kaen did not realized that moment when Lord shadow joined with his own.

‘Shit...’

‘Now prepare to leave this deadly world...’ Lord grim his voice.

***
‘Where… I am?’ Tygg was standing in a weird dark place, the air in there was wet, and the water was dripping in the distance echoing around, just like he had been in some sort of a sewer. He looked around, and his head was in pain, he barely could see anything in front of him, partly, due still fogged conscious after what happened to his body. It all was happening too fast, one after another arising a huge amount of shock and exposing his physical endurance to a big test. Tygg moved forward, and short after he fell on the ground tripping on a thick tube. His sight sharpened and he somehow started seeing clearer, he barely realized that it was triggered by his natural ability of his tiger eyes, and they were glowing in the darkness.

‘Is that...’ he followed the tube with his eyes, straight to the point where it was joining with many others tubes tangling together, and connecting with a metalistic stage. Tygg get up and made few steps forward. On the stage he saw a five big black pulsating, veiny, resembling a fleshes, cocoons. The ripped parts of black matter were coming inside of each from the weird white tunnel of light above them.

‘ekh…?’ Tygg released a short weak gasp in a shock and question, as his sight started forming the cocoons in his head. He had felt a fear, something disturbing coming from these things, just like a force of pure evil and madness… he moved back, feeling how his legs started weakening from this unpleasant pressure and fear.

‘What is…?’ one cocoon cracked, and the wicked deep evil voice started groaning, he unwillingly turned back and started running towards the black hole, feeling that if he will stay more in this place, he will find himself into a very hopeless and dead-end situation. What the hell was this? When he only landed on the other side of the black hole, back into the dark space, for the first time he realized how wet his fur become and how swelteringly it has been in that weird chamber...His heart was racing in his chest and he got a shivers from the coldness of the cosmos. He felt weird, kind of dizzy, just like he started getting a fever all of sudden… He looked around and realized that he don’t remember anything what happened after he landed on the asteroid and ran towards the star doggie, he only remember Lord of the Black holes caring him somewhere, he felt a pain in his head but he could not reach it through his helmet…

‘Ok...so what’s now...’ he started panting nervously, unable to gather any thoughts, he did not remember at all, how the black matter was ripping parts of his soul apart, though, the symptoms of it started slowly waking into his nervous system...A pair of wild, yellow eyes was observing him from a distance, but then they moved rapidly after something else. Tygg stiffen and hold his breath, something was calling him out, but he heard nobody speaking to him. He turned his head right and he saw a weird small being looking like a winged larva, it has a white-yellowish body similar to the star doggie, but with orange glows and accents, it had horns and scales which were pretending to be its arms sleeves, it has an eye-less head similar to a wyvern with a sharp mouth like a beak, but it was far more weird than that, from inside of its mouth and from inside of its belly was dripping a dark-orange lava, and inside of its belly, it had a black-orange hard-molten rocks looking like coals. Its tail has a hole into it, just like it was a fabric pipe in a forge. It was wheezing and watching Tygg, he turned towards it.

‘Are you…?’ Tygg once again felt a sting of pain in his head, everything was so weird, full of questions, he felt even dizzier. 

The tail of the weird star being burst out an impact of a white energy, just like a jet plane and it opened its small devil like white eyes. So after all it has eyes? The being rushed towards Tygg and at the same time from the darkness the other being hunched out at both of them.

***
‘Khh...yh...hy...’ 

‘You looks good as a goat ready to get grilled...’ Lord of the Black holes narrowed his eyes as he was observing Kaen standing in a pool of the blood under him, pierced by a thin and grim pillars of the black matter coming out from his own shadow. His arms, his legs, his whole body has been pinned up and bleeding. He was still enforcing grab on his lance.

‘Kha...haa...’ Kaen spew with the blood all of sudden, he was trembling and his eyes were weak, he had been close of losing conscious. 

‘More, more...’ said Lord and giggled theatrically under his breath, Kaen raised his head, he was not able to block this… he turned his dead head towards the black domes. Maybe there’s still hope for rescuing them? Lord of the Black holes lowered his head again. 

(What he is thinking…?)

Kaen felt how the spikes are piercing through him even harder, like trying to ground him there.

‘GHUAAAAAAAAAAHHHRRRR~!!!’ he screamed in pain, Lord probably tried to harm his thought hood and make him weak… This is bad… Kaen thought panting heavily and observing his opponent with his semi-conscious gaze.

‘You see, I don’t want you planning out things in advance...’ Lord threw his hands out in a shrug, Kaen chuckled on that sight, and then choke with his own blood. 

‘How could I expect anything less from you...’ 

‘But you know, since we can stop playing around, maybe it’s finally time for you to die?’ Lion chuckled again and then started laughing madly while chocked by his own blood coming up into his throat. Lord squinted his eyes, he felt that there’s something weird about his behavior, he was pinned to his own grave and yet...he was not immortal in this form, for sure, and Lord KNEW it...He could destroy him in any moment…

‘What so funny?’ 

‘Life is sick, isn’t it?’ Kaen started with weak voice.

‘What…?’

‘In life, life kills other life to survive, or in act of self-defense or to eat the empty fleshed shell...’ Lion chocked once again with his own blood and he spew some more of it again. Lord keep observing him, unsure of what he heard, what does he mean? Did he accept his own death? Something heavy started forming inside of the Lord of the Black holes, for unknown reason he felt that he’s getting more and more angry and wheezing, wheezing of pure black matter, of pure darkness and evil, for some unknown reason… He did not understand what does that Lion meant.

‘So... you planning to kill yourself to let me eat you?’ 

‘Don’t be stupid’ Lion laughed and then he pulled every muscle in his body to move his body forward, he roared in a deadly effort to assuage pain, as the black matter kept cutting through his flesh, as he kept pulling his body onward. Lord widened his eyes in a shock. The blood was squirting around, but Kaen in a few moments released himself from the trap, though it appeared to be impossible, he realized that his trap was only high gravitation, and he only had to move outside of the circle of that one shadow… With heavily broken bones, and with an open fleshy holes into his body. He started running forward, pulling behind himself the lance, which was rooting in the ground leaving behind raised dust. Kaen had to hurry, as he rapidly started losing more and more blood from his open wounds…

‘SssHIT…!’ heavily wheezing, losing blood, breaking own bones with every centimeter of the asteroid, Kaen, with the Lord of the Black holes observing him silently, managed to get to the black domes where been trapped Tygg’s companions, Pete was watching him almost full of tears… 

‘GHHHHHHHUOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA~~!!!!’ Kaen pulled the lance with both of his hands, though broken, and he pierced into the dome shell where Pete was watching him. The white sparkles splashed around as his lance keep drilling into the vivid black matter, trying to break the surface of the trap-shell…

‘SSSSSSSSHHIIIIIIIIIT~!!!!!! GUOOOOOOOOOOR~!!!’ his arm bones started breaking even more, muscles under his eyes were ticking under an effort and pain. He was grinding his teeth’s trying to bind wild screams behind his throat, but still, it only raised an amount of pain. But that was good, he get used to it through a numerous battles. In fact, it was something he secretly liked, since his immortal body was unable to get hurt in the same ways.

‘You stupid Lion...’ Lord started slowly stepping towards him. Kaen could not see him, either Pete who tried to warn him from behind the ‘glassy’ barrier. Kaen’s body started slowly breaking under him, he felt like his conscious started moving away, like he has been drowning into a cold vivid wind of conscious... He left behind a sea of blood, to the point where his wounds stopped bleeding and dried out…

‘Damn it…just a little more!’ he pulled his dead muscles one more time and put into the lance a last, huge amount of force. Lord with every step was closer and closer…

‘You fool...’ Lord hissed with a disgust and creepy darkness into his voice. Kaen opened his eyes wide in a shock as his lance started slowly falling on the ground, from released grab of his hands, which followed the weapon falling back to his sides, broken and dead back to their resting position…

‘This is it...’ Lord raised his sharp hand ready to snap. Kaen pulled his body and rolled on his right, he felt how his conscious is wavering...between aware and unawareness, like a flame of the candle…but he did not stopped, he could not do anything but to grab broken star stone and the dust left from the star doggie into his giant jaws, but…

‘I don’t feel my arms...’ he whispered under his dying breath… and he felt how he’s losing control over his legs and over his conscious… Lord snapped with his fingers after him and his body fallen long-dead on the ground. Lord keep observing him and after a while he snarled. 

‘You coward...’ the star stone and the dust of the star doggie both disappeared, Kaen body was lying stiffed on the ground with a wide-open white dead pupils. Lance he left behind was crushed in half after drilling into the dome barriers, just like a mere stone. And after a while a white vortex swallowed his body and lance from the surface.

‘You died...’

VOL 23- The Sum of All flaws


Lord of the Black holes moved slowly towards a place where Kaen body left the asteroid, as he managed to use last of his resources to use his real star body to warp it away.

‘At least I will have head of the lion, after all those years...who would be thinking…’ he snapped his fingers and from a bloody trails, a dead Kaen body has reappeared. Lord used his foot to turn Kaen body on ripped backs, to look at his dead face. Lord closed his sharp yellow eyes and chuckled, and turned back moving towards the black domes. 

‘You will not have chance to use this physical body anymore...hjehahahaha’

Lord stopped in front of the dropped slider, looked at it and then kicked it out from the asteroid. Pete was looking dreaded, watching helplessly how years of his work has been turned into a cosmic trash, now falling down into nothingness. His face slowly changed from desperate to full of anger, he clenched his fists. Lord turned towards them and squinted his yellow blinkers observing them like a spider observing big fat flies in his web. 

‘I won’t kill you, you can be useful to me...’ he spoke with a grim and dark voice. He had something in his mind and all of them has been clearly aware of that…

***
Tygg grabbed the star being before it managed to hit into him, and he rolled in the space just in time to avoid a thin white arms coming after him. 

‘What are you?!’ he asked angered, his face was serious, the being in his hand closed its eyes again and kept struggling into his left grip to get out, but Tygg knew that this is not right moment for it to go, this thing in front of them was clearly after probably both of them…

‘ihihihiihi...’ the thing giggled showing its long sharp teeth’s coming from the upper jaw. It was resembling a nebula, something like a fog but something like a liquid, but its body was somehow dark blue, mixing itself with the cosmic darkness, it has weird dots on its body, which were glowing and fading like a sparkles in one rhythm, just like the stars behind it...it had a long thin white vivid arms with a four sharp fingers on each, and big evil yellow eyes with white irises with a small black pupils, which were giving it a look of a madman devil.

‘You are my prey!’ the being grinned and giggled. 

‘You wish we were...’ 

‘I’m living in this space and I’m eating star beings’ 

Tygg tighten his grip on the being, which did not wanted to stop struggling. It started biting his finger, but it could not reach him through the gloves... The other being started moving forward and it made a first try-strike towards them like a snake. Tygg quickly rolled on his left side, he cussed at soul, he reached with his right hand towards the little bag equipped to his belt.

BAM

Tygg lowered his sight at the bag.

‘Huh?’ his stone star has gone! The weird being attacked, Tygg prepared for fighting back… 

FOOOOOOOOOOOOSH

A wave of a white energy shoot from opened white vortex and blew the being, which gnaw away with a scream. Tygg looked surprised at the white hole which stayed open. He instantly realized that it was Kaen who rescued them, but why he is not coming out…

‘Kaen…?’ the vortex slowly started closing, Tygg lowered his head and rushed towards it coming inside. Because why he wouldn’t? It was not black hole after all, so they both been safe…? Though many times his wishful thinking made him into troubles, this time he decided trust what he knew and what was giving him fifty percent of chances for positive results. He surprisingly landed back on the planet from where he left after the star doggie.

‘Huh?’ he turned back towards the place where should be visible a giant black hole on the asteroid, but… there was none. He completely forgot about the vortex and Kaen, as he slowly started remembering that he heard Pete’s voice before Lord of the Black holes grabbed him… If it was closed, then how they all managed to come after him? He once again checked after his bag, and inside was only his broken watch…

‘Kaen...Everyone...’ Tygg felt how his body is starting to shake, he tried but he could not stop tears and snots, it slowly started reaching to him that whatever happened, it cost him his friends… 

‘Ehh...’ he sighed resigned and wiped his eyes and nose, the being in his hand was struggling even more that it was…

Tygg returned to the house which was rent for them, and he put the star being under a glassy cover prepared for a lamp, which was heat-proof just in case, to keep the being under control. Tygg was sitting on the bed and observing palm of his hand, his helmet was resting on the table under the window. Though, his glove was dirty after a coal from the star being body, his hand was not melted or burned, and he could not understand- why? He sadden, and he grabbed his head and bend down towards his knees. 

‘I’m slowly starting losing my mind...or something...’ he wept with dry tears, something glanced in his eye corner, he twitched his head and looked at the black lifeless golem lying on the wooden bed. On his chest materialized pieces of the broken stone star and a weird bluish sparkling dust. Tygg raced from bed and kneeled in front of the golem. 

‘How could it be?’ he was shocked and confused at the same time, he could not gather any thoughts, find any logical sense of all of this in his mind, and what in the world was this dust...it was resembling dust from the star doggie but...it couldn’t be? Right?

WHOOOOOOOOOSH 

A weirdly snowed part of memories burst in front of his eyes, he felt how his eyes started stinging him from inside, he felt a desire for crying but his own eyes were once again binding his own tears against his will, causing him a dry pain and sadness…

‘Em...khe...heee’ he released hold breath under a tension, but it did not helped him, only his head hurt him again. He sat on the cracking floor and he looked up into the oil lamp hung on the wall. He started swinging back and forward watching the flame behind the glass. What was the sum of all flaws? He thought watching into a hypnotizing dance of the flame, what did he had done wrong at all? At that very moment he doesn’t feel a desire to cry, it was something weird, just like the flame was burning out into him all negative impulses. For some reason he felt like being one with the flame at that moment… The weird flare star being was rumbling inside of the cover turned towards Tygg’s backs, it clearly wanted break free, and it clearly wanted something unknown from him… Tygg stopped and keep watching the flame deeper than before. He, for some weird reason become one with the flame as his mind kept wandering into his conscious looking for the answers for his worries. How many times he had been regretting that he did not listen to the common sense, how many times he let the star doggie down… how many times he did not learned a thing? How many times he fell into his own nonsense just to become turned down like a piece of trash in a giant forge? How many times he overtrust his own strengths? How many times he risked his own life due to his own stupidity? How many times, in this short journey he destroyed life of the other people around him…? 

How many times he will do all these things over and over again…
How many times he will let his own depression control over him…
What if the star doggie will die?
What if he will fail against Lord of the Black holes?
What if he will lose his friends and all family?
What if he lose himself into this? And stop becoming oneself?
Tygg lowered his head from the flame and keep watching a dusty floor…he sadden, as his thoughts started forming itself into a one clear message from in-depth’s of his own conscious...

How many times he is going to sit cornered like that?
Before he will ever learn…
Before he get killed into this…
Before...What if…
Tygg hid his face into his knees…

I’m such a stupid...

VOL 24- The Little-small War

 Tygg was standing in front of the glassy cover keeping the weird star being and he was observing it as it tried to scratch inside of the glass in need to free itself. For the first time he has enough time to watch it closer and careful, he wiped his tears and he gave himself a chance to keep his head high. He understood that Kaen was after all right, and he is not strong enough to deal with, not only the Lord of the Black holes but with the cosmos itself, he was wrong about it being peaceful and empty and if not that weird vortex from before, he could be dead without the stone star which was now shattered, making all of his future efforts effortless, ironically…

‘Ehh… it all feels so empty...you know?’ he spoke towards the inpatient being and he made a wry smile to himself, but he tried more to stay in good mood cheering up himself, finally his face fell and he forgot what he meant at all…He turned back towards the room and looked once again at the pitch-black room in the weak flame light…

‘Backpacks!’ he was sure that only one left to them, but… he hunched down at them and started searching for food, he pulled out pancakes with the apples and lemon ice creams, which were placed in a special freezing box, Tygg did not knew that it was even possible, but he opened his lunch and started eating piece by piece with a metal fork. It was pretty hot, maybe even swelteringly in the room, and he finally could cool down a little. He knew that he should not do such thing when his friends were possibly in big troubles, but he promised himself and them, as always naively, but still unconscious of the facts, that he will not be depressing himself. But… 

‘No, I can’t be the same all over again...’ Tygg squinted his eyes and tightened his jaws, he cussed at himself at sou,l but he keep eating, feeling how the ice creams are freezing his brain. Maybe...no, no, no, NO! He threw away the fork and pulled down fur on his head with both hands. 

‘Please, stop it!’ he released his hands and start breathing heavy, his eyes stung again… he started struggling once again...to the point that he could not endure it anymore.

‘ENOUGH!!!’ he shouted and then choked himself on his own heavy breathing…he closed his eyes and started shaking his head in chaos, just to get rid of all of those stinging thoughts, to stop this ridiculous depressive oppression. He stopped after a while and covering his ears, he waited. As the dizziness slowly started passing away from his head, and blood started flowing off from his arms, he realized that his mind is empty and clear. Slowly placed hands on the floor and take a one big deep breath, he saw some sparkles in front of his eyes, blood return to his stiffed hands… Tygg raised his head and keep watching into the ceiling, though-less. He squinted his eyes under inside disdain towards himself. He will finally have to mature, though he had been thinking that living under a pressure of the village life as a kid with a shaped adulthood. He really could not be more wrong, all of this only was a proof that his airy-fairy maturity was frail and non existing… How could he never get let come that to himself? Absurdity… He put hand into the bag and he pull out a small candy, surprised he looked at the covering and in a shock he read the name printed on a green paper; ‘Pete Bon Bony’. He gulped and threw it on the bed and then turned towards the window. He felt how something is shrinking inside of his stomach again. That’s right… they were trapped… apparently in that place with the base…Relief base, probably. He headed down and twisted his lips in consternation. What he could be able to do alone…In other hand he promised to himself and to them that he will become stronger…

‘This is so stupid…’ he cussed in the air and his voice hanged in that small dirty wooden room echoing in his ears. His heart stung, Tygg once again gulped his fear. Tygg sighed and walked towards the glassy covering and smiled towards the being. 

‘You don’t want be in there huh? You are such like me, under pressure…’ he smiled sadly towards the poor thing. He knew he can’t release it yet, but for some reason he thought that he is doing with it the same as with the star doggie… maybe, he shouldn’t be… Tygg kept observing it… and as it keep struggling under the glass, Tygg started realizing that this fire like being is resembling his own fire he promised to keep, and illuminate with it the path for everyone from his village towards the surface from the in-depth’s of the black hole… Tygg blinked with his eyes lost a little by those thoughts, he put his hand on his chest and keep feeling into his own heart beat, remembering how the star doggie saved his life and gave him this unbelievable power to survive…though it was nothing special in fact, after all doggie only made his heart alive again after it stopped… Tygg hissed at the sudden sting into it and for a while it become dark in front of his eyes. The bright flame of the being burnt his eyes, he turned back pulling his body on the cracking floor. He realized that for this whole time his breath was held, he released it and he felt how oxygen is filling up his head with the coldness, but in fact, was that even oxygen? How long he had been not breathing with it? He felt raising fear and his hand started sweating through his fur. That’s right… he thought breathing heavy. He exposed his body on potential danger, through this whole time. His eyes started rolling mad spotting through the dusty floor, and his breath become full of racing panic through his fasting heart beat. Once again, the sight faint for a while in front of his conscious and then he realized from the fact that this situation is getting really really bad…

‘Khh…he…this is no good’ he started trembling, what the hell was going on with him… he durned on his backs and lean towards the bed again. Breathing heavily feeling how every deep breath is gigging into his head with a weird cold ringing, sharpening his senses and conscious. He suddenly stopped, he felt calm, like something into him fixed itself. With worried face he glanced back at the table with the star being struggling wildly into the glass…and then there come realization, that, though, he might have some unexpected lethal problems, he also has the darkness still raising into him and still mocking with his senses. He blinked with his eyes feeling how tears wetting them again. Where is he going to go through this little-small war? He must finally get up and lightern this heavy darkness inside of him… once and for all…for everyone and his companions.

‘I’m sitting there and mocking myself…’ he sadden hanging his head down again, he felt dizzy and confused, he did not know what to think about himself, through all those thoughts…it felt like a very long road trip. He smiled to himself through his inside sadness. He sighed again nervously. He clenched his fists and felt how anger is rising into him consuming him into his own darkness… he get up.

‘ENOUGH!’ he said madly and then something hit outside causing a rumble in the village, without thinking he grabbed glass with the being and he ran outside with beating heart. Are they under attack? He looked around until he caught the thin tower of white and black light which for some reason resembled him stars… He moved though the empty village towards gathered crowd, he slowed down his walk unsure what to expect, maybe Kaen returned? But… apparently people of the village were more excited about this arrival… he released his heavy breath. So whoever it been, it was not their enemy…

‘What’s that?’ he asked the flame star wyvern, but it only shrieked like a parrot or little dinosaur. A weird flashy lion being appeared in front of his eyes, and it was looking like made from a some metal, maybe it was a robot, or a cyborg? Its whole body was white with black accents, shapes and dots which occasionally has white filling. It had a split in the three horns star like mane made from an unknown stable material, like a star stone. The top horns were black, and between them it has a sharp top of its head, on his forehead he had a plate in the shape of a star mixed with a long triangle coming from its nose to the top of its head, with the white star on the center. It has narrow, white eyes with the black borders around them. Its arms had sleeves similar to half of an eight point star, under his neck he had two concave black lines. Its fatty body had a half triangle, half square like ‘armoring’ with horizontal lines. Under his belly he had a triangle like shape with dot, and following lined in the shape of ‘A’ letter. His knees and legs had triangle like shape resembling star points. His front paws had normal black lion cub like fingers. Its tail had a sharp black brush of fur on the top, from the bottom, through half of the tail he had a black line ended with the black spot, it had white filling following same shape. The flash of light has gone like a water from the locked tap. The mecha lion made a loud shout out roar. Tygg felt like something is paralyzing his body, like, something invisible cut through him and somehow…he could not describe such feeling, it was weird, the wyvern calmed down under pressure… People in the village slowly returned to their things. The lion lowered his head and growled at Tygg who had got hit by the intimidation, feeling, how his legs turning into weak putt. 

VOL 25

The Relief

Lord of the Black holes was hunting. Flying through the black space and looking after the star doggies, which decided, for god only know what stupid reason, leave their hidings. He usually kept getting into his clawy hands star after star, straight into his big bag, but sometimes, he barely could find anything, even though his monitoring black holes had been showing to him 100% accurate locations… 

‘I got you’ Lord snapped after he grabbed panicking star doggie trying to move away from its hiding in between asteroids, little star shrieked, but after a while it got mumbled by the tight bag joining all of his scared friends. Lord landed on the asteroid to rest, he wiped his forehead from sweat, that was surely hardest work to do, and from what he have had realized, even lesser and lesser star doggies were present in the universe, making them decayingly hard to find. He sighed heavily in complaint, apparently his body started showing first signs of an old age, or maybe he become lazier than before, after all he burnt tons of tons of the doggies in his forge, just to make sure that his plan will success. Suddenly he remembered about that one star stone this tiger brat had held, he could possibly make use of it, but, after all it broke into pieces and gone… To think that this brat somehow found strength to damage Relief this badly, a being which should have a high endurance towards all mortals. Lord raised his head and put his sharp finger to his invisible lips in a wonder… It’s been hundred of years…or maybe more after he created Relief… and to think, his partnership with him started differently to what its been nowadays, as he turned into his very heavy enemy, though limited and under his command…

It happened certainly in a some lost age, no one is able to remember by now… The Lord of the Black holes appeared on the lonely stone planet in search for the treasures and realized that he have literally nobody left with him to work under his commands… He looked around the surface and then with a snap he turned random grayish stone into a boar in the golden armor.

‘Who, who are you?’

‘What a relief…you are not failure…’ Lord sighed gladly, but at heart he did not really cared…

‘A relief?’ the board asked surprised, Lord kept his eyes on him in the silence for a few moments and then he has spoken, coming with a very surprising conclusion.

‘That’s your name…’ he narrowed his eyes as the boar face was twisting under huge surprise.

‘My name is ‘Relief’?’ Lord nodded.

‘I see, so you are…’

‘I am Lord of the Black holes’ 

‘And why you want from me? Lord’

‘Give you freedom…’ 

And from that moment Relief become his travel companion, unable to move alone, he was traveling on his black matter cape like on a magical flying carpet, he got his own weapon of destruction with unlimited bullets, which has a form of a golden bazooka with a fancy decorative marks. They were traveling from planet to planet and Lord let him go crazy and terrorizing every living place they discovered, to make him his own slave, to shape his nature, and to bind him to himself to never make any betrayal happen to him…

‘That was a ton of fun, look at their bodies, they are completely devastated and the blood is everywhere… hahaha!’ Relief laughed standing next to the Lord at some stone hill towering over doomed village.

‘This is your freedom, you can do as much as you enjoy it…’ Lord nodded, but in fact he didn’t cared a lot, he only needed to twist him into right direction, to make him under his spell…

‘Alright…’ Relief seemed to be really hot-blooded and excited, he was nothing like the Relief from present, back in the days, he appeared to be still more human and less stone like…

‘But…’ Lord squinted his eyes in taunt, what would he want with his limited free will…

‘But…?’ 

‘How exactly I will move alone through the cosmos? I can’t without you…’
 Lord snapped with his finger and warped an asteroid from the black hole. Relief glanced at him questioningly.

‘I?’

‘It’s enough if you know the location, it will take you everywhere’ said Lord emotionlessly, he was observing Relief with the painted question mark on his face, he had wondered if he truly become of what he planned for him to be… In fact, Lord seen him as someone frail and naive, uncapable of doing more cruel things than just wildern chaos, but…Relief hopped on the asteroid.

‘Okay then, so if I get lost, how can I contact you?’ Lord raised his head thinking, in fact he should give him something for that, but… 

‘Hmm… let’s see…’ he looked around, but then his sight stopped on his feet’s, on the moon where they were standing. ‘Let’s agree on meeting in that place after 2 months, I will prepare something special for you’ Lord snapped again and created a round golden watch with a set sand hourglass timer, Relief grabbed it and put under his nose trying to understand what is going on as the sand keep falling down on its baby pile. 

‘This is what exactly?’ 

‘Just a watch, things people in this world use to measure time, when it click, you will know that your time is up and you have to move back here…’ Relief was still clueless. 

‘I guess…alright, I am going…’ he smiled to the Lord determined, he was like a young person entering into adulthood with the hopes for better future…

Few months had passed, and the time to comeback has finally arrived. Relief face somehow changed, it was not anymore naive or childish, or innocent, there was something weird in his face, but he become more serious, more emotionless and maybe even more manly… his small rock hit the surface of the moon and he jumped on the dusty surface, after few minutes he reached back on the top of the rocky hill and his eyes opened wide in a shock on what he has seen. A giant complex of a round dome like buildings was set on the cleaned surface, back then there was a small city, but now…

‘Welcome back, Relief…’ Lord appeared behind him out of nowhere, he must be seeing him docking…

‘I’m surely not in the right mood for such a chit chat’ Relief replied with a searing, ashy voice. Lord lowered his head.

‘Hmmm…what’s wrong?’ 

‘I had seen too much of war…’ his eyes ticked from nerves he tried to held. 

‘What war…’ Lord snapped with his fingers and created for him a comfy seat to rest, boar fell onto it relaxing his backs and legs. 

‘All those pitiful beings humiliating themselves…killing each other for stupid conflicts…that was not fun’

‘I thought you enjoyed chaos and killing?’ Lord squinted his eyes in a concern.

‘I do…’ Relief snapped ‘…But those disgusting animals…’ 

‘You don’t like what you seen?’ Lord lowered his voice, there was something grim into it…

‘I want punish those pieces of shit…’ Relief face for the first time twisted in disgust and anger, Lord said nothing, with lowered head keep observing his golem and his yellow blinkers were glancing evilfully, just like he had something wicked in mind… He squat a few meters from him observing him carefully.

‘What you mean?’

‘I want give them relief from this…and to everyone else from them…’ Lord was listening in silence analyzing his words. Surely Relief has changed from this lousy brat, but he did not suspected from him to develop such a measure…

‘Are you…feel sorry for beings living in this space?’ Lord asked, but from curiousness, he would never feel sorry to something he dominated himself…

‘….’ Relief kept silent, something was really strange about him, like he started developing more free will and intelligence than Lord expected, up to this time, all his golems were just a pitiful dolls, he barely could understand this one… not like they had free will at all, but they were all limited and not even aware of such limitations. Lord narrowed his blinkers, he had such a bad feelings about Relief development. Lord turned his head towards the dome bases he build for him, he still have to introduce him to his newly created army…

‘Maybe you should be living on your own rules’ Relief said nothing, he did not understand what Lord of the Black holes is planning towards him, and his words were sounding pretty weird after all this freedom he gave to him, did he had been not fully honest with him?

‘I will do’ he finally said, but Lord did not looked at him, after longer pause between them he get up and turned back moving slowly away. He opened black hole to leave. 

‘Inside you have soldiers whose are awaiting for your orders, you can do whatever you want from now…’ 

‘And what about you?’ Relief interrupted him, Lord glanced behind over his shoulder thinking.

‘I will do else my stuff…’ He disappeared into own darkness. Relief sighed. If he is right, then Lord of the Black holes don’t want him to be free… Relief squinted his eyes, he should be wary from now, this guy is something far more dangerous than he had been expecting… Relief get up from the seat. 

‘I think I need visit few more kingdoms for bigger alliance…’ Relief moved towards the edge of the hill and looked down at prepared bases. Did he really had now soldiers ready for his commands? Did he really have enough freedom for himself to do what he want to? 

‘You gave me so much freedom…you gave me so many tools…’ Relief for the first time felt how an unexplainable anger is raising into him and how it’s twisting his calm poker face in fury and anger…

‘And furthermore… you are another thing that need find a relief from everyone else…’ He jumped down the hill and started slowly walking towards the domes, apparently soldiers heard him because they started gathering in chaos and wild excitement just as they waited for someone very important…

‘You better watch out…My Lord… cause I am the one you should fear the most, cause I am who will bring you down, and as long as I exist there’s hope for the world…’ Relief felt how anger is slowly cutting through his skin and burning his insides like a hellish flame, he did indeed know that his behavior was his very own, an retarded act of desperation. Back when he had been starting his journey, he did not expected to find beings living in this universe, such a pitiful and useless to themselves, just like they barely had any control over their own stupidity. What he had seen pushed him towards this path of erasing and cleaning, to prepare a better world full of relief from anyone who don’t deserve to exist into it… to find them a relief from his own freedom.

His army acknowledged his leadership instantly as he spoke to them, he gave them orders to move on, and spread formation through certain places to build the new bases. As time passed, he kept contacting Lord of the Black holes and helping him through all small tasks he wanted from him. They decided to build system of the slavery moon’s to help each other fulfilling their plans, but as time was passing, Relief started being more and more cold towards Lord of the Black holes, which meets with his irritation and many many punishments towards the boar. Yet, he did not know that he is raising into him, his one of the most deadly enemies in the whole cosmic space, as the anger and disdain towards the Lord’s rules kept raising into this small boar man, shaping on him…

‘My Lord…’ Relief kneeled on one knee in front of the Lord of the Black holes. He arrived to Relief place specially for his wish.

‘You must not do such stupid things…’ Lord hissed at him on what Relief raised with a wry smile, just like he expected this comment. 

‘We need to talk about what you gave me’

‘Your freedom? What’s the issue?’ Lord narrowed his flashy blinkers, still something was bothering him into Relief, and after all this time he was more curious than scared, he could not hurt him after all, surely he made him fully submissive in this, even if he wanted, he would not do that… but even as if, he could fall him into a ruin…into ashes from he had been created, like a stupid puppet… Lord stopped respecting Relief after he developed such a intriguing personality, he realized that for sure one day he will try dominate him and push through him with his own will… Lord honestly wondered as if this stupid thing is really thinking that he is not suspecting such scenario.

‘I feel like we both lacking in something important’ Relief started and Lord opened his eyes wide in a shock, did this pupped actually wanted start some cooperation with him?

‘I sharpen my hearing’ he narrowed his eyes in doubt about what he will hear from him.

‘I think that to continue progressing my freedom, we both should start something with a double edge…’ Relief said calmly just like he did not expected from Lord to agree on that.

‘I refuse’

‘But you did not hea-‘ 

‘I told you… I REFUSE!’ Lord snapped with his fingers and raging wind appeared out of nowhere cutting through Relief body forcing him on his knees.

‘What are you…’ 

‘Who is master of yours?’ Lord asked with vicious voice on what Relief opened his jaw in a shock, there was no agreement on this… he felt how anger is raising into him again. So this is your true face?

‘You are…’ He bow in front of him thinking how to pay him back for such a treatment in the future…

‘Good, now keep your head down and tell me what’s your idea’ so that’s it? He wanted show him his domination? Relief tried to not clench his fist. Relief chose to put words carefully to not make this big idiot angered again, possibly it’s matter of his own plans, he agreed on this mess only due that.

‘I think you can have use in my plan’ he stopped awaiting, but Lord kept listening. Relief realized that and continued, he felt for the first time in his life how his stomach is getting nervous from pressure of situation, that was so weird to him, he felt like he is going to puke, he hated Lord of the Black holes for this feeling. 
‘There’s an occasion to create system of the moons with the slaves…’ Relief spoke.

‘Slaves?’ Lord raised his eyebrows.

‘Indeed my Lord, we discovered that under surface of these moons are hidden rare minerals, so it could be useful for you to send there all of your enemies for hard work under our control’ Lord squinted his blinkers again and kept analyzing…

‘Yes…as far as I don’t care about your treasures, I think this is a perfect occasion to make your idea work for me’ 

‘Is that sure, my Lord?’ Relief tried to not sound too excited, and the awkward silence had fallen between them for a few moments. Relief got angered again, this lousy pseudo Lord could be thinking faster, he thought, but he really did not realized from that fact, it was unconscious and out of his control. 

‘I think it will save me a lot of time, until now I had been searching for planets or creating… them for my enemies, which cost me a lot of time…hmm…’ Lord snapped with his fingers and warped into the black hole. Relief sighed deeply closing his eyes, after a while with a held breath, he opened them watching into the rocky ground. For some weird reason he started doing all under Lord’s pressure, not like he had any free will by himself… that made him feel scared another time in his short life…

‘Now I must do everything right…there’s no place for failures…’ he get up and moved back to his soldiers to discuss details.

Lord of the black holes sighed… though, he had been black mailing Relief in his mind, he surely created for himself a very royal companion… Lord closed his eyes listening into the space and then opened them up, turned right and moved forward.

VOL 26- The Burial

‘Who is this guy?’ Tygg asked a random villager with a light blue skin and weird round ears and potato like nose, he has a small shiny black eyes and was wearing an old beige brown fur from an unknown animal. Apparently, the air around them started slowly getting colder, the vapor started coming out from Tygg’s mouth as he breathed.

‘It’s Mr. Zoi’ responded weird being proudly, Tygg was unsure what to think about his happiness, as the lion being keep watching him and growling, which was apparently not bothering the villagers that much.

‘Mr. Zoi…’ 

‘GAO~!’ Lion roared mechanically and jumped towards Tygg and push him on the ground. Tygg hold the glass tighter to not let it break, he has to protect this star being.

‘Aaaah!’ Tygg screamed in fear and people gathered back, many been terrified. 

‘Grrr…GAO GA~!’ Zoi roared and Tygg tighten his eyes afraid of being killed, but he should fight back, with his friends or not, being killed right now was not an option. You have to leave with this star being. 

‘Huh?’ Tygg opened his eyes and saw Zoi watching him calmly, did he just heard someone’s voice at his mind? Zoi growled at him. 

‘Please, don’t eat me…’ Tygg begged and through his mind fasten a memory of the star doggie who has been afraid of him during their first meeting. For some reason he sadden on what Zoi get off from him and helped him to stand. 

‘Are you helping me?’ Tygg asked surprised but lion only growled back watching the weird star being. Leave with it, and with your grudge…

‘I heard…someone…’ Tygg started understanding that it was the lion in front of him. He looked at the being in the glass and it was struggling as before. 

‘Why you want me to leave with it? It’s nothing dangerous, just a star being!’ Tygg asked him with a begging voice, because maybe he misunderstood thoughts he had heard. Zoi looked at him and after short while Tygg once again heard this weird indescribable star-machine like voice. But apparently this time the lion spoke to him.

[This star being is dangerous, you may not know it, but these are called ‘black pulses’ and they are lasting star beings before their supernova implosion…]

Tygg felt how shock mixed with horror are holding on his muscles and breath, something like electricity went through his body on what he heard. Black Pulses? Supernova? So this thing he had…is a dying light of the star? But it was not causing him any harm, only tried to bite him…

‘I’m sure that it won’t do anything right here’ Tygg naively tried and Zoi interrupted him telling him what he thinks in the face.

[You are not sure of anything, but you hold a remorse and grudge towards yourself and towards unknown events from the past…does anyone close to you met its end?]

Tygg wavered on his words unsure of what to think, he did not lost anyone…did Zoi meant his depression thing? Or maybe other terrorful events he went through…

‘No…I think you are wrong’ Tygg smiled unsure, in other case he supposed to remember something far to him and his memories… Zoi keep observing this little boy standing pitifully in front of him…

[You are such a young cub] his voice echoed into Tygg’s head on what the boy smiled.

‘I honestly feel like I spend few years in this cosmic space, I don’t even remember how many days, weeks or months have passed hehe’ boy laughed awkwardly with a childish manner. Indeed, he might grow, maturing but he still has been an 8 years old child lost in this black matter…

[Nobody ever told you this boy?] Zoi asked curiously and Tygg was completely lost by his question.

‘Huh?’ Tygg sadden, just like there was something unpleasant for his conscious to hear, because he alone felt only surprise. Tygg felt a strong pulsating stung in his temple, his left eyelid got small nervous trembling.

‘I only wanted to become a hero to save a one star doggie’

[Is he still unburden?] 

‘A…h…’ Tygg lowered his sight with his mouth open, wondering after the answer, something black was surrounding his memories, is he…still…what? Tygg blinked with his eyes feeling how the painful dry and wet stung is raising behind them. He felt how his heartbeat is filling his whole chest and scared throat and bumping him in inside terror. Doggie is… doggie is…alright? 

The pillar of black matter mixed with the white light exploded in far away, many houses were destroyed from impact. 

‘What is this?!’ something with flashy eyes kept walking though the village emitting a weird, waves of the black matter mixed with the sparkling stardust. Zoi sharpened his body prepared for battle, his growl raised. Tygg covered his nose and mouth in a shock on what he had seen. That black war-wolf golem after all been still alive and… it has his cracked stone star attached to the center of his chest, but… but it was not in pieces, but… re-joined, but still cracked…and the waves of black matter keep shooting from it among the sparklings from that weird dust that was left with it…

‘It can’t be…’ Tygg tightened his fingers on the glass, he though that this being is unable to recover and yet… but what was that? His heart beat fasten on the sight of the stone star, shattered, but sparkling and emitting the black matter. 

‘This stone star…’ 

[Boy, you better stay behind me] Zoi warned him and jumped forward, the golem keep walking through the village in their direction, and it demolished all building in the range of his weird power he gained thank to the star. Just like they had been smashed by a gravity. Tygg bit his lips and looked down at the struggling pulse star, it was again all his fault, possibly many people sleeping in their houses had been killed, again, because of his childish stupidity! He closed his eyes trying to keep tears behind, but it was only a waste, all his emotions once again burst inside of him, he raised his head weeping and cried out;

‘IMM SOOORY!! ID WAZ M…MAI B..BAME...!’ Zoi glanced behind at him and then started realizing that this weird thing is tightly connected to the boy behind him, he jumped in the air to gain its attention and then he saw it, which shocked him to the bone. A vivid mirage of the sadden star doggie has been closed in this weird stone star on the chest of the black war-wolf. 

[I should try and destroy this stone star…but…that star doggie] Zoi stroke from the air and thrown the golem back from the impact, then he jumped straight to hit into his chest trying to destroy the star, but suddenly a weird force send him flying into the closest building falling it under the hit and raising cloud of the dust. 

‘Mr. Zoi!’ Tygg screamed through tears and then angered at the golem, he put the glass under the wall of the closest house and moved forward towards it. 

[Stay back you foolish brat! It’s not…] but Tygg already was rushing towards the golem, breathing with the cold vapors, ready to pull him away from the village, wolf roared and rushed towards Tygg too, on the upcoming strike Tygg rolled between both of them and then started running in opposite direction. Golem realizing that, started chasing after him leaving behind trials of the sparkles mixed with the black matter which disappeared in the air short after release.

[That’s weird… it’s not the thing chasing him, but the star doggie into it…] Zoi thought when struggling to get up, he did not expected to be treated with the full force, it was miracle that he survived…

‘Ha…h…aha…ha…’ Tygg keep running under his freezing breath, he felt how his whole body, which still did not fully recovered from past events hates him even more. Panting vapors have been getting weaker and weaker as his body could not endure the run. He threw his glance behind his shoulder and realized that the golem is way too slow or heavy to be able to chase after him, so apparently he can realize his plan…

‘I will try lure him into the black hole on the asteroid…’ he murmured to himself full of tiredness and determination, but for some reason he felt sadness into his heart, a stung of grief and hatred to himself, just like he has been hurting someone close to him… he tightened his eyes and tried to not weep. 

[HA!] Tygg in alert looked behind, he saw Zoi who appeared in front of the golem out of nowhere. The boy stopped and turned towards them, he breathed heavily after a long run. What is he doing? But then Zoi jumped again towards the golem and this time he managed to trick him before it managed forward the hit, he bounced behind it and when the wolf keep turning after him, he used his front paws while putting into them all of his weight and pinned the golem to the ground. 

[Boy! Quick! Remove that star from his chest!]

‘I…huh?’ Tygg once again unconsciously hesitated, just like something…some kind of heavy gravity was pulling him away from that… 

[Hurry! Brat!] 

‘WHY YOU!!!’ Tygg felt that he is losing control over his emotions, he started crying, he did not wanted to do this, not like that! Not to him! Zoi observed him calmly analyzing his emotions, does he had been right after all about this trembling and panicking boy standing in front of him? The golem was struggling under Zoi weight, unable to do anything, just like something was polarizing the power difference between them.

[You understand what I mean right?] 

‘I don’t!’ Tygg raised his head crying out, he completely lost it and his tears did not wanted to stop, he started choking on his small breaths and weeps. 

[There’s a sealed star doggie we need to save…remove that stone!] But Tygg’s weep ran out of control and the boy completely lost it, he felt like a some black hole was searing into his chest and heart, completely binding his conscious to it…

‘I don’t…w-want…WAAAAAAHH!!!’ the golem started struggling even harder, just like something in Tygg was giving him more and more power.  Zoi looked at the star and he once again seen a mirage of the star doggie, but this time he was weeping, just like it was scared and just like the boy in front… 

[Why you crying…] Zoi asked it but it did not responded, just like it couldn’t or just like did not heard him…and then lion realized something obvious and the conscious of it hit him with all the cruelty. 

[You are dead…and you somehow still managed to pull your lasting conscious inside of that crushed shard…You both are…] Zoi raised his head observing Tygg who was looking disastrous, just like he was melting alive from fear and helplessness, just like a mere kid he has still been…Zoi realized that the conscious of both of them is somehow connected and they both feel the same fear and pain coming from the realization of the fact that… that the little star doggie must be set off to go…

[None of you want give up on this…] Zoi realized that the golem is somehow regaining control over situation, more and more as both of them struggle, he did not know what happened between both of them, but he knew that he must act or everyone in this village will die because of such a frail reason…

[THE STAR DOGGIE INSIDE OF THIS STONE IS DYING BECAUSE OF YOU!] Tygg calmed like on a command and he felt how a coldness is soaking his whole body from the top of his head. He started seeing shattered memories and ripped images in front of his mind, somehow his conscious fade away…

[BRAT…Hurry up, it’s calling you!] Zoi lied to him and then Tygg’s conscious sharpened and he felt like he returned from a long nap. 

‘Huh?’ the boy sadden? Zoi realized that the golem stopped struggling and the doggie was not weeping anymore, he was sad, just like demolished…

[You knew that the star doggie inside of this stone is dead right?] Zoi asked him directly, he wanted him to remove that stone, because apparently it was giving to that being a power to move… at least in theory, but looking at these waves of black matter, there must be something dark buried into it…and Zoi did not wanted it to break out.

‘I was chasing after Lord of the Black holes who kidnapped the star doggie I once saved…’ Tygg breathed out under his nose, but Zoi still managed to hear him. 

[So he is dead] he stroke the boy directly with these words and then everything started sharpening in his memories, Tygg raised his head trying to control over his weep, observing the darkness of the space with the tons of unknown flashing stars…

‘He is…?’ boy felt how he’s losing control again, but why he is? Why he did not tell him? 

[You told me you are a hero, you understand danger of this weird machine thing? right?] Tygg gulped as he lowered his sight to look at them. He started shaking from fear as the conscious of the past words keep drilling through his mind and heart… 

‘I… I do…’ he said and twisted his face under sadness, could not keep the crying.

[If you do as you said, then please, remove that star stone and bring the righteous to this village and peace to his little soul] Tygg felt that his words are freezing him in between conscious and unconscious, he still barely understood what is happening, just like something was tricking his awareness, making him hoping for waking up from the issued nightmare he apparently wished to be in… Tygg hesitated and raised his hand but still was not moving towards the golem, he felt how something is squatting his throat and pulling his muscles back to fixed position…Is doggie really dead? Why he can’t understand of what is going on…why he is dead? Did he killed him somehow? Did Lord of the Black holes did? On what purpose? Why? Why he is not able to… manage to understood the reality, and why the darkness is raising around him, in front of his eyes? He had to free him…save…but now…

‘A…ahk…hh…’ Tygg started struggling just like he wanted to tell something, he felt that he should, he should tell something very important…Tygg headed down watching the ground and his own raising shadow. Is that necessary for him? No, what he is thinking… the Star hero is dead…the star doggie is dead…he did not…he…why…at all? 

The boy moved slowly forward, unable to feel any of his shaking muscles, fear was consuming him from inside. He stopped in front of the golem and then reached hand towards the stone star. Zoi keep watching the scared and weeping star doggie, he did not understand what happened between them, but he surely knew that it was necessary to both… 

‘Please, forgive me…’ Tygg breathed out and felt how his conscious is blending into inside terror and chaos, his heart was beating like crazy and he barely could keep stable his breath, holding it every few seconds under horrorful tension, wondering somewhere behind his mind about the results of his doings…

Very slowly, the boy grabbed the star stone emitting the rest of the black matter, which still been hide inside of the small doggie who shattered into the dust. Very slowly and unsure… breathing heavy with the lightweight vapor on the cold air, just like in a trans, just like somebody else took over his body and conscious, he tightened his small fingers around the crushed star shaped stone, and with a weak muscles he pulled it out. short after the stone star broke back into pieces, like under a hit of the hammer and the black matter ran out, the sparkling star dust splattered around and Tygg did not realized that the part of the black matter entered into him, and never realized that the mirage of the saddening and trapped star doggie fade away…

VOL 27- The Immortal Star


‘Hey, brat...’ a male soft voice has been heard, it was similar to someone Tygg know ,but he was not truly sure of who... He slowly started opening his eyes and apparently, he has been laying on the floor in the wooden house, his sight was fogged and dizzy but in a few whiles his senses sharpened from a shock and he sit up.

‘What happened to that golem?!’ 

‘Chill, brat...’ Tygg looked aside after the voice and he saw a white tiger guy crouching next to him, he was wearing a dark leather mask with a silver pins around, it was looking just like the mask of a robber. He had a long white hairs with the mohawk on the center of his head, and few stripes placed randomly on his body. He was wearing arm sleeves and forearms protectives, down his crotch, he has a protective tank similar to the short skirt, just like some kind of a warrior, also on his knees and on his legs, he was wearing another heavy protectives with the holes for his feet’s. His body was very muscular. His yellow eyes were piercing through Tygg making him feel uncomfortable, his look was so scary and Tygg did not know what to expect from him. Tygg realized that tiger has some weird white star on his chest, but differ from the one he had saw on the Kaen chest. Behind them were standing people in the half circle. 

‘Who are you?’

‘I should ask first- how you feel?’ the beast interrupted him, but his voice was flawlessly calm without any sort of emotion. He resembled him a Thub and Grub in a way. Tygg lowered his head and looked at the floor between his legs, analyzing what happened but he could not remember. Apparently in this room people from the village crowded around him in worry.

‘I...I’m okaish I guess...’ He hesitated. The beast nodded.

[We had been dealing with this black thing and he fainted.] Zoi said and Tygg jump scared on his voice, in the moment when their eyes met again, he started bursting inside remembering of what had happened. 

‘Zoi...’ Tygg grabbed his head and widened his eyes as the memories keep slowing by through his mind. The golem, the star, the doggie...

‘Where is that stone star?’ Tygg get up on his feet’s and Zoi pointed at the table. It was there, shattered into pieces. Tygg slowly moved towards it feeling how the eyes of an unknown tiger are watching him. Something was feeling wrong.

‘Doggie...’ Tygg put his hand on the table. Few women from the crowd saddened on his look. The ignited star being in the glass was watching him, breathing heavily with the lava dropping from its open fleshing, but instantly cooling down on the bottom of the cover. For that short while his conscious made a full circle. Back then...when he removed this star, he let the star doggie go...he clenched his fists feeling how all sort of emotions are slowly rebelling inside of his chest and throat. He started trembling. How could he not realize...

‘Are you ok? Brat?’ tiger guy asked, though he did not really cared.

‘Leave me alone’ Tygg said with an emotionless white fury in his voice, close of tears. Both tiger and lion exchanged looks and encouraged everyone to left the house. When the doors slammed behind them, Tygg fallen on his knees and slowly started losing control over his tears, he felt how the reflux is slowly filling his throat, as everything inside of him started melting, his nose slowly released first snots and his eyes though stingy, first tears of regret and foolishness. His subconscious gave him hard time remembering details of the past events. He kept seeing incoming images to his brain, when the doggie shattered in front of him, and when he had remove the stone star from the golem, when it shattered too, fading the doggie ultimately away...

‘I regret I ever met you...khhh...’ he bend himself down to his knees. ‘If I didn’t you wouldn’t be dead right now...’ he released a loud weep full of grief and his tears started flowing more and more mixing with the snots.

‘It’zz...a...hyyy... fa...hy...t...Is al...mai...yyyyy...fa...lt...hyyyy..kheee...’ At this very moment every regret kept coming and coming to his mind, an unstoppable wave of sorrow, he could not resist and he could not stop blaming himself for his own mistakes, even if a part of it was not even his fault. He fell on the floor with his weak body, and keep sobbing watching the sleazy wooden wall under the table. He wondered if the doggie will ever forgive him his mistakes... Short after he get up breathing heavy and stressy, and full of dizziness, he looked after the bed and the backpacks, he wiped his snots, though his nose was still stuffy. He wanted to move, quickly, as quick as possible, to meet with the Lord of the Black holes and to answer his stupid questionings, to finally be able to die, to go to hell among the shrieks of the star doggies upon his own failure. It can’t be this way, he’s none of a hero, he never had any close ones, he never really had companions, he really never been anything good. Time to face this and end this comedy. The flame star kept observing him and wheezing more and more just like it was slowly lacking in air. Tygg looked after his backpacks but they were not there, at this moment he completely lost his orientation and stuck in the confusion between his feelings. He took a deep breath. Maybe he should ask these two about what happened. He wiped his nose, tears and looked once again after shattered stone star, which still has some random fragments of the sparkling blue dust on it. Tygg choked on his own reflux. He should look believable to them if he really want to do this in his way. He opened the cracking doors and he realized that Zoi and white tiger guy are both outside waiting, apparently for him.

‘Where are my backpacks?’ Tygg asked trying to sound normal.

‘And for what you need them now?’ tiger guy pierced through him with his weird eyes. Tygg for a while held on his breath scared that they read through him that easily, which did not escaped eyes of the tiger as the vapor stopped coming out from his mouth on the freezing air. 

‘Huh? Because it’s cold’ Tygg responded trying to be tricky, but the guy narrowed his eyes suspiciously.

‘Alright...’ the tiger guy turned back and slowly moved away. Tygg snapped out of confusion. 

‘M...mister!’ 

‘Hmm?’

‘Who are you? I just realized you look similar to Kaen...a weird star lion’ tiger guy turned back to look at him. He was smiling gently.

‘Because I am one of Immortal Stars’ 

‘Who?’ Zoi laughed. Tygg looked at him angrily. He was mocking him?

[These guys are very old beings living in this cosmos and they fight Lord of the Black holes trying to destroy him.] Zoi explained. Tygg widened his eyes and his breath stopped. 

‘So Kaen is not an ordinary guy?’ 

‘He’s super strong. Just like me.’ tiger guy smiled and squinted his eyes awaiting for Tygg’s response. Tygg lowered his head watching the floor slowly covering itself with the snow.

‘Ho-hm...I guess’ tiger guy sighed deeply full of disappointment. 

‘My name is…what was that again? …Oilmp, and what’s your name? You are super hero of any sort?’ Tygg gave him depressed look, on what he lost his smile and started observing him carefully. Did he said something wrong?

‘I am not a hero. I am just Tygg’ his eyes got glassy but he managed to held own tears. Oilmp started slowly understanding what is going on, but still he has no knowledge about details. 

[Apparently this brat is carrying something heavy inside of him.] Zoi threw his few cents. 

‘I see’ Oilmp nodded understandingly ‘Say, Tygg...would you like to come with me for one day? I have to visit one guy, he’s an Immortal Star too’ Tygg looked at him unsure and then lowered his sight on the level of his legs, he fazed away for a while analyzing things among the softy snow. He could possibly learn something more and maybe even resurrect the star doggie... 

‘Okay...I guess...’ Tygg smiled to him but his face was still seemingly full of sadness and inside grudge. 

[But please, don’t hurt him...I know you guys are pretty rough and stuff, but you be okay, huh?] Zoi suggested but Oilmp only laughed with deep voice full of surprise. 

‘What did you mean by this?!’ 

‘Huh?’ Tygg was confused. 

‘Nevermind, forget, you better not try mature too early...’ tiger smiled to him and then walked towards him and raised him, overhanging the boy on his right shoulder. The boy complained, it was so harsh and not nice at all. Zoi gave the tiger suspicious look, did he misheard? Or maybe…

‘Mr. Zoi... please, thank people in this village for the care, I will return soon’ Tygg smiled to him and then Oilmp laughed and keep moving away. Zoi smiled. These two are so similar in a way, though maybe because they are both tigers...


Both Tygg and Oilmp left the village and stopped at the outskirts of the planet, tiger guy put Tygg back on the ground. 

‘Did Zoi mean you are bad guys?’ Tygg asked suddenly. 

‘Huh? No, why?’

‘He said you are rough’ Oilmp tried to not laugh.

‘You are smarty brat, but it’s because we are adult guys, and when we fight, we are fierce like a hell, so any training is out of a question…’ 

‘I wonder...I wonder if you two could teach me something, so I will be able to fight back in the future...’ Tygg ignored what he just said. Oilmp lowered his head and looked at the boy. When he think about it, his suit was full of damages and his fur was dirty, adding to it, the past events, from what had Zoi explained to him...

‘Before we warp to my buddy, could you explain to me what happened?’ Oilmp sat in front of him propping one hand behind him, and one overhanging on his raised knee. Tygg looked at him analyzing his big muscular body and he started thinking as if he could be the same...Maybe this is stupid to do after all. Tygg thought, but…

‘Can I touch you?’ Oilmp died inside, this kid pretty much has something from a star and he wondered why. He even felt that earlier. That… straight and simple mind

‘Sure, don’t be stupid’ Tygg walked towards him and moved his small hand through his chest analyzing the muscle structure, he beep his nose, and he lined down through his muscular arms and legs. Oilimp started breathing more heavy on his actions, just like he had something different at his mind right now. For some reason Tygg felt nervous about it, it was so weird, just like he subconsciously mean harm to him. 

‘I feel so weird doing this...’ Tygg felt odd.

‘Oh you feel weird...interesting...’ the tiger guy smiled and felt excited about this little guy standing in front of him. Just like another star being...interesting. Oilmp flexed in front of Tygg showing off his muscles. Tygg moved back scared. Something was really wrong with this guy, and Tygg did not understood what.

‘Kitty boy, don’t be afraid…’ for some reason Tygg understood what Zoi meant by him ‘being rough’, barely but maybe it was just a joke from the tiger guy, but still he walked back to him and moved his hand through new part of the muscles that shown up upon flexing, it was like touching small soft and fluffy rocks under his skin. Tygg wear off his gloves and proceed from beginning analyzing his whole muscular body, for some reason Oilmp was softly moaning, just like his body was under pleasure from Tygg’s touch. 

‘Why you acting so weird?’ Tygg asked unsure, he didn’t wanted any trouble.

And then everything started falling down. Into a ruin. And Tygg realized what the guy in front of him is. He realized that back in school, they heard about adult people who want to hurt them, and they will act overly-friendly. Setting up a trap.

‘Oh yea...it feels so good, keep doing...’ Tygg stopped and bit his lips concerned. But he kept rubbing him all over his muscular body, petting him like a big cat. 

‘Why it feels so good?’ He asked confused and looked unsure about the tiger, he felt how his legs started shaking in fear. He need run.

‘Because your touch is so soft, like a young energy of a new born star...ooh it feels so good...’ Tygg stopped angered. 

‘I’m not your massager or anything like that!’ he bashed him and Oilmp looked lost on his face. All pleasure has gone. Tiger fixed himself and sat bending forward Tygg lowering his head to level of his. 

‘Listen boy, I don’t care...you are pleasure source for me and you have keep going or you will regret...’ Oilmp growled into Tygg’s face, but Tygg keep opposite. 

‘I am not your shooting star you dirty gheezer!’ Tygg was now surer about what he wanted to tell him, back on his planet, they already had warning lessons about those people.

‘D-dirty gheezer...!?’ Oilmp yelled and pulled his body back falling on his backs and showing up to Tygg, like on purpose his dark gray and massive bulky butt from under his cover. Tygg frozen in a shock. He did not expected to see that. He felt that something bad is coming, the boy started breathing heavier in fear, they had been taught about this kind of people for sure. 

‘Ya see my bums?’ He asked in such a childish manner, like he was dealing with him. Tygg gulped scared, he heard about that kind of people sure for sure, but he did not expected to deal with a one. He should move away... His fear sprout, it was a one side situation, he is in a mortal danger…right? His legs were trembling, he felt a desire to cry, after the doggie’s demise, he met another bad thing, why it always is that way!?

‘So...?’ 

‘Massage them...’ Oilmp threw out his long tongue and his face twisted under disgusting pleasure of awaiting. ‘I need someone to scratch my big bum’

‘Oi..hey!’ Tygg blew out his checks and walked away, he was scared and didn’t know what to do. He was now playing an outrage. He should run, run, to Zoi, to the people in the village, ask for help…

‘You fucking lost your temper...weak, how you want become strong?’ he meowed again in a childish manner, just like he has been playing some mind games with him.

‘I am not going to do this!’ Tygg felt a tears into his eyes.

‘Stupid brat…’ Oilmp grinned full of nastiness. This brat was clearly doing against his own will and he was enjoying this.

‘Huh?’ Tygg lost it again, what is going on with this guy? 

‘I’m mocking you’ tiger pulled out his tongue to show him, but it flopped on his eyes. 

‘Damn it...I don’t see a thing...’ 

‘I...I...you rather have…errr…such a weird humor sense...’ Tygg stopped and remembered the star doggie. Eh? What’s that weird feeling…what is…going on.

Oilmp scratched back of his head. He was surprised. He sit back.

‘Eh...stinky brat...’ he hesitated but he felt stupid about the situation. Maybe he won’t do that for now. At that time he thought about smashing Tygg head on the ground afterwards. Tygg looked at him and was watching him full of tension and chocking in fear, his body was trembling, he slowly been understanding the situation, and what he was hiding, what intention. 

‘Mmmm...’ he growled in a consternation, maybe he should tell him this or that. Teach him something as an older guy…

‘Ya see brat...’

‘You can tell me anything’ Tygg encouraged him smiling, but his eyes were full of sadness and terrorized look. He had no control at all. Something rolled into his stomach. Tygg did not cared anymore, he just wanted to be crushed by his sadness already, he had enough of feeling this way…Tiger guy asked him to move closer. Tygg did.
Oilmp grabbed his one bum with his hand and Tygg’s head. He felt that the boy is scared. Enjoying every second of his fear.

‘I have tried using you for my own pleasure...’ Tygg felt that he’s losing it again, what he was about? He is going to do something bad to him…he knew that. He felt like he is going to burst into tears in any moment.

‘Eh...?’ 

‘Geeez... adult guys…you know how do mortals feel, right? We need a massagers’ he complained with a growl, and turned his head embarrassed. ‘How old you are...’ he glanced at him unsure if he want to hear the answer. ‘You know how male adults reproduce?’

‘Eight….or….I don’t know anymore…I don’t know how male’s reproduce or something…’

‘E...I...YOU ARE FULL OF SHIT BRAT!’ he growled at him and tightened his grab on his head. Tygg felt how his claws are closing on his skull.

‘Tehehe...’ Tygg sweated embarrassed under his mental break down. 

‘But...you are some self-aware or what?’ He observed him with piercing look. What is wrong with him...

‘About what?’ 

‘I will kill you…’

‘A..’ Tygg froze and hold his breath, what was that?!

‘I will destroy your innocence, I will then kill you boy, for my own pleasure…’

‘I…ha…I…’ Tygg chocked on his fear, he was unable to do anything, what…why he met him?!

‘You will do the same to yourself when you start maturing...I was just selfish...because this physical body is making us dirty...’

‘I see’

‘You are not angry at me?!’ Oilmp looked at him surprised and his crotch triggered a little in subconscious expectation. But again, something was weird there and the tiger decided pressing to see what will happen.

‘I am’ Tygg respond smiling. ‘But I feel like this is what I want to be in future…’ he had no idea why he had told that. Probably just to save himself.

‘Eeh?!!?’ tiger roared full of surprise, this brat is full of shit or what?! 

‘You don’t make any sense, you even understand what you shitting about...brat..?!.’ 

‘Maybe I am not, but I want be as strong and independent as you...’ Tygg was still cheerful and happy. While not. 

‘He...’ tiger was annoyed. He was looking at him for a longer while and analyzing what he heard, he tightened his grab even more, he could squash him right there, but also he had some sort of pity to do this, that kid can become his clone if he shape him well…

‘You are so dumb dirty gheezer...’ Tygg laughed through depression. He desired to leave, or die, or all together at that moment, turn himself into a chaotic mess, because doggie is lost, his friends are gone, his planet and Husker are gone, he is only a piece of dirt among the cosmic darkness. He was unable to form it into a thoughts, but his subconscious knew that all…what happened had been not enforced by him.

‘Shut up! This is not a chemistry of any sort between you and me! Not even a quasar!’ Tygg keep observing this tiger guy whining in front of him and then he smiled...though he did not understood fully differences between both of them. He did not understand his own behavior…he didn’t understood all at all, none. Zero.

‘You brat, are nasty...’

‘Eh?’ Tygg was surprised. Oilmp grinned. He released his grab. 

‘You are just like me...’

‘Are you a bad guy? After all?’ Tygg asked unsure. He started breathing faster.

‘I am for sure your mentor from now’ Oilmp said with a warm voice. He was an interesting brat… he brought him back to his senses. Though, everything was set up by him to manipulate the boy. It may be looked like some shizo episode, but it all was planned from the start, to check the little guy. It was how the tiger was. In his nasty, crazy ways.

‘What was your name again?’

‘Tygg’ the boy smiled. But then the smile collapsed, what he wanted to do with him after all? ‘Are you really going to do something bad to me?’ he asked. 

‘I don’t think so…at least not for now’

‘huh?’

‘You are still a brat...’ tiger smiled to him. He was wrong in his doings, but he regretted nothing.

‘But I guess I lost something during this journey, some sanity of my mind and age, I feel like my body grow independently to my...myself...I guess…I don’t know’ Tygg explained looking at his hands. Tiger keep observing him and he realized that his heart is bumping like a crazy, he put his hand on his cheek, he is even a child anymore?

‘You boy are immature perv, you know?’

‘Huh? What is this?’ Oilmp felt pressed, he twisted his lips and looked aside. Maybe it was stupid to ask him to do such things, he was still a stinky brat and not in an age for such things...Now this is a bullshit, why he feel so conflicted if he supposed to be free and do it to him anyway...to ignore age of things he wanted to use? or kill?

‘Nevermind...we shall to go, you must not massage anything of mine again...’ He hung down his head, he gave up completely on his bullshit. He sighed heavily.

‘I think I would like…but not a bum! You are so soft…’ Tygg burst cheerfully even if he did not thought this way, he had not a logical mindset at the moment, he only wanted to be ‘nice’ to him, and Oilmp raised his eyebrows. He could not believe. But…that was a dark side of depression, a will to cause a harm to yourself, against your own will…

‘If you like...I won’t insist...’ tiger blushed, but then bashed himself inside, he was too easy to this brat...because of this male body, almost anyone could bitch him around. And because that brat boy star energy was emitting with such a younghood of a star doggie….he was even easier to be targeted.

‘But tell me…’

‘What now...’ Oilmp pulled on seriousness and bothering.

‘You said you going to hurt me? But can you…can you wait?’ Tygg, what is wrong with you?

‘You fucking bullshit brat! Just wait when you will be in the right age!’ Oilmp started chasing him, realizing that possibly he knew what is going on, but only mocked him to make him look bad. To somehow fix himself and make the boy feel less scared of him. But at heart Oilmp promised to keep himself away from Tygg, until he mature. He finally caught him and keep tight in his arms. It was not sexual at all. Something changed into this guy.

‘Wrestle time!’ 

‘No, no, noooo’ Tygg laughed. He felt a little better, at least just for a while. Though not. Oilmp smiled sadly, he felt like he really fell in love into this little guy, just like he has been some kind of a star... He never really felt that way to anyone, he always been attracted to a young stars beings, but this one is something weird... Was it caused because of this physical corrupted body?

And why this relation felt so creepy? But in fact, the boy was emitting a shine.

Just like inside of him has been hiding another immortal star...


 


Vol 28 - The Independence


Tygg was sitting on Oilmp’s backs and both has been flying through the space. Indeed, they had to warp instantly, but Oilmp decided to fix his things and to get in better touch with this brat. Tygg was weeping into his backs. He finally lost it all.

‘Hey…please, stop, I don’t want to see you this way…’ Oilmp asked him with the sad and worried voice. Tygg calmed down slowly and the silence has fallen for a minute or two.

‘Hey, tell me Oilmp...what you exactly mean by that long word?’

‘Huh? Independence?’

‘Yea’

‘Hehe, you see, this world started being corrupted and full of bullshit, for me, this is a way to keep my own sanity and freedom.’ 

‘What you mean?’

‘I want do all things even if they are called ‘bad’, even if I will have to harm or kill someone, I just want to be free without any consequences’ tiger raised his voice full of proud and happiness about himself. 

‘Don’t you think you going too far? That you alone, getting corrupted?’

‘You are speaking in such mature ways...’ Oilmp grinned.

‘I think, that I must do this...to keep up my own sanity’ 

‘You did not tell me what had happened...’ Oilmp complained but the tone of his voice changed to more serious. 

‘I..I think I lost sense of my life...lost my childhood, lost my dear ones, lost my friends and lost the star doggie...’ Tygg saddened, through this time, on his own will. 

‘What’s that?’ Oilmp asked unsure, feeling how the boy is slowly getting down on his spirit. Tygg wiped his eyes just in case, though they were dry. 

‘I just...I feel like this is still too heavy to me’ boy smiled.

‘Thus, this is why you almost massaged my bums and do things against your will...I see’ Oilmp lowered his voice. ‘This is bad...you are more than worse...a nuts’

‘Huh?’

‘Nothing, ignore me, I was just cussing to himself, and all of this happen because of the Lord of the Black holes? I am right of any sort?’ 

‘Umm...yea...I don’t feel okay to speak about this after all, I’m still not sure about many things...’ 

‘I see...you are very strong as for a kid, no surprise you survived this long in this space.’ Oilmp said surrounded in thoughts. He should really watch out his actions, this kid was completely demolished inside, he could do any stupid thing he would insist on him... 

‘Ehh...I should do it when I will be alone, I’m such a fool...’

‘What again?’ 

‘Nothing...maybe let’s do it quick, hold me tight, I will warp us’ and the white vortex opened and both gone inside. They appeared in a some weird cavern with the soft yellow-orange light coming from an unknown source, flashing the insides. This place was still pitch black. 

‘Can you see a thing?’ Tygg asked.

‘Your sight must fixt itself, keep blinking’ Oilmp left Tygg in the confusion and moved through the corridor of the cave searching for someone, but he must not search for too long, because the person he wanted to find walled him with a full impact into the cavern wall, crushing his bones and skull. 

‘Oilmp?!’ Tygg shouted scared after him. But he did not moved on an inch, these rumblings were dismaying. The guy who tanked the tiger grabbed him by his hairs on his chest, and pulled him up to his face. In the mid shadow he was resembling some kind of a pissed demon with glaring yellow eyes. From face he was resembling a mane-less young lion or maybe even a puma, but his eyebrows, shape of the eyes, white borders around them and his face twisted in anger has been giving him a look, from close, of a terrifying creature from some ancient mythology. He shaken with the fainted tiger, causing his blood to splash out on the walls around. 

‘Wake up faggot...’

‘I know what you mean...I should not ask him to do this...’ Oilmp blabbed through his blood splitting from his throat. His body was almost shattered into pieces, it was miracle that he still has been about to pull a single tone. Or maybe just because he had been one of an Immortal Stars…

‘What?! What the hell is wrong with you?!’ the guy released his grip and Oilmp fell on the bricked wall. 

‘Ow ow ow...’ 

‘You could call me before launching into my place...gheez what a moron’ the guy moved away and stopped in the light. His fur was part black and part blue, he had a black fur on his chest muscles with the white star in the center and white furry borders around his pecks. Another white star been placed on his forehead. He has a short white hairs and big round ears. Shaggy white eyebrows, thick white whiskers and white short beard and fluffy fur around his neck. His arms had a white fur sleeves on his elbows, a crook with the yellow star markings, his fore arms has white fur covering him from the half, down to his hands. His crotch was covered with a single bush of a fur with the furry belt around his hips. He has no tail. His legs were looking strong like of a lion.

‘Oilmp?’ Tygg carefully sneaked in and the beast turned his eyes against him. 

‘Who is this brat’ he asked more like giving an order than asking a question.

‘Um...I am Tygg, and you?’

‘Zush, you arrived with him’ he pointed the Oilmp gathering up like a drunken man, from the pile of rocks and blood. Tygg covered his lips to not scream in terror. 

‘D-don’t worry...kid...I am...okay...’ he get up strugglingly with the piercing sight aimed on the Zush observing him. 

‘Let me guess, he tried corrupt you in some sort of way’ Zush assumed, but Tygg understood it was question pointed at him. 

‘He asked me to massage his bum’ Oilmp looked at him and then realized that he was right about this brat, as he assumed earlier, why would he be so honest about this now, if he did not bothered...

‘I see, shame on you...’ 

‘Heh, not like I am feeling any sort of a regret’ Oilmp taunted on him. Zush measured him with his eyes and then walked away.

‘You will get out of this, I guess, but why you come’ Oilmp smiled and chocked on a laughter, he was still struggling to stand, feeling how his whole body is slowly falling into pieces. 

‘I wanted ask you to help me in one thing, Zush’ 

‘If I can’ 

‘This brat needs our help’ Zush turned towards him and then a flash of white light covered Oilmp body recovering it. Tiger fell on the rocks tired.

‘Thank you...huuu...you could do it earlier hu...huuu...’ big tiger kept breathing heavy exhausted. Tygg was observing them in silence confused, were they both enemies? 

‘So, what you need, brat’ Zush asked him on what Tygg jump scared surprised. It always been like he asked by giving an impression, without asking.

‘I...I don’t know...I mean...’ he gathered himself inside. ‘I wanted ask you two to make me tougher, to make me a warrior, like you two....’ he pulled his head down blushing. 

‘Ok, but prepare to have hard time’ Tygg gulped, wow, Mr. Zoi was not bluffing about these guys, they are indeed rough...

‘I fully understand responsibility Sir...’ Tygg pulled on an official tone. Oilmp smiled surprised but, right after he surrounded in thoughts. 

‘Tell me your name’

‘Tygg, sir’ Tygg bowed even more. He felt like an idiot.

‘Say, Tygg, what you want to do, you wearing such a weird suit...’

‘He’s a super hero’ interrupted Oilmp and short after a pause between all of them, he pulled his head and looked straight into Zush eyes exchanging information’s. Zush widened his blinkers shocked and then looked back at Tygg who still keep his head in a bow, awaiting. 

‘I see, but you can’t be with us in that condition.’

‘What?’ Tygg looked at him disappointed, but he fixed himself quickly and took off his helmet to show his face to them.

‘I can make a new suit, this one is already used, corrupted...’ Zush looked at his chest and he quickly understood what he’s talking about. That symbolic...that old, disastrous symbolic. 

‘Alright, but you should choose of a new symbol on your chest’ Zush smiled to him. 

‘New...but what...’ Tygg bothered and sadden. 

‘Symbol of the immortal stars’ Oilmp interrupted him, Tygg looked at him surprised. 

‘This star?’ Tygg pointed at Oilmp chest.

‘Not only a star, you already saw this symbol right? On Kaen’s body’ Oilmp smiled. 

‘He know Kaen?!’ Zush asked in a shock completely forgetting about his manner. 

‘Hm’ Oilmp smiled on his reaction. Tiger get up from the rocks and turned back to them. 
‘Can you come with me on a word?’ he moved forward into the tunnel. Zush looked after him surprised with a short snort, but he left Tygg who twisted his lips in confusion. The boy sat on the bricked wall carefully to not dirt himself from the blood. He felt really uncomfortable, it was cold in this cavern and the air was wet, he raised his head wondering about what Oilmp told him about independence. Maybe this guy was right... He must finally get serious, or he will never...
‘Ehh... Everyone, I hope you are all safe...’ Tygg hid his face behind his helmet he keep holding on his knees.


Lord of the Black holes keep moving through the surface of an unknown dark planet, the fogged air was stinging him in his eyes but he did not bothered at all. In few days Relief will be recovered and they have something to do, after all this trouble with this pseudo so called Tyggarman and this mess he caused. That stone star of him, from what he learned, it seemed to be more valuable and dangerous than he could ever believe. Why he never heard about such thing before, what also important, it explains why he managed even exchange punches with him back then...Apparently Kaen is in touch with him, but since he’s dead and his body is rotting, he should not be any big deal until he will be able to return to this world again. Lord doubt that this brat will get involved with another Immortal so soon, they are not that easy to meet and they can’t really work together... Lord keep walking through the dense atmosphere of the secret dark continent, finally he stopped and raised his head. The four big domes made from the black matter keep towering at the horizon, surrounded with the golden sealings and slowly draining black matter and life from Tygg’s companions. Their bodies were slowly rotting and drying inside of the domes...


‘Are you serious?’ Zush asked again, he could not believe of what he just heard. 

‘Yea, I might be little devil, but you can trust me with this, that kid need our help, and help in overall...’ Olimp’s face fell in regret and worriness.

‘I see...this little boy is stronger than I thought, heh’ Zush glanced back into the tunnel, they will need help him grow stronger.

‘To think that he survived so many events with the Lord of the Assholes...’ Oilmp glowered full of inside grief about Tygg’s fate. Who was sitting right now alone deep into that tunnel, at the other end on the pile of bricked stones in the blood and sobbing. How could he let himself to end up in a situation like this...

‘I’m so pitiful...’ he chocked. ‘Please doggie...forgive me...I will not give up again...’ 
A sort of an unknown blue sparkle shone into his chest...
VOL 29- The Flawed Corruption


Short after they all return to the village, Tygg, Oilmp and Zush have been welcomed by the crowd of the villagers, many of them seen Tygg as the savior and they all wanted to pay to him a proper respect. 

‘Welcome everyone, thank you!’ Tygg respond cheerfully to their presence, short after both of them come back from the tunnel, he decided to hide his feelings and tears as much as possible, especially in front of villagers, but somehow he knew that both of them can sense his feelings he is trying to bind. 

The crowd responded with a cheerful applause and short after few of them came to him and handed him an ice cream stars in the caramel, as a gratitude, that was as much as they could do. They were poor. Tygg shown a proper enthusiasm and grabbed the spoon to dig into the delicious dessert. Ice creams were served on the round dark wooden plate.

‘Disis derisiooos’ he cried out like a bird, people laughed, wish him good day and moved back to their routines. That was such a great day for all of them. Oilmp smiled. 

‘This brat is really an immortal star’ he said and pat the arm of the boy.

‘You should not get so horny, he’s still a cub you pervert idiot.’ Zush heh’d and moved forward to greet Zoi waiting at them in the distance. 

‘What did Zush mean?’ Tygg asked, right now he was looking so innocent and unconscious that it made Oilmp blush. He held on his breath.

‘Ummmm... Nevermind, move, just move’ he shrieked in panic and followed after his mate leaving Tygg behind with a spoon in his mouth and face full of consternation and confusion. 

‘Oi, why you told that...’ Oilmp hanged on Zush arm blushing. Right now they were looking like a couple. For some reason his face expression did not matched his emotions, he was looking looney.

‘I thought you wanted use him for own pleasures. Right’ he asked sassily in his known manner.

‘I wanted but I now want wait...’ Oilmp blushed even more, his face was burning. That was stupid, until now he had been using a young stars as the source of his pleasures but now...that brat was unfair. Zush laughed from stupidity of his immortal friend. 

‘You fall into him, right. Goggorott’ Zush laughed even more.

‘Don’t call me like this...rude!’ Oilmp embarrassed he didn’t liked that calling for some reason. 

‘Chill, chill, you never learn on your own mistakes you stupid fuck, I sometimes wonder if we should castrate you right after you enter the physical body’ 

‘Oi! You moron!’ Zush laughed and looked like a cute girl hanging on her boyfriend’s arm. Tygg was slowly following both of them eating the ice creams and wondering what is going on. Maybe he should ask...

Short after they greet with the Zoi, they entered the new house lend for them by its master, Tygg quickly trotted towards the backpacks placed on the beds, they miraculously survived from the destroyed house... 

‘What about that other house?’ the boy asked as he realized that he never asked. 

[It was blown in half when this thing launched] Zoi explained with his cybernetic voice. Tygg sadden, he felt guilty, they should repair that house in the future, the boy placed the spoon and wooden plate on the table. 

‘We have returned for something, you forgot’ Zush asked and narrowed his demonic eyes. Tygg jump scared away on his stare, but right after he recovered the inside balance.  

‘My new suit!’ Oilmp smiled but then lowered his head ashamed.

‘I love you...’ he whispered and felt a desire to kiss him, Tygg turned his head towards him.

‘Huh?’

‘Stop bothering this idiot, he’s not able to control physical body, anyhow...’ Zush turned him towards the doors and hurried him patting his backs. Zush threw Oilmp a dead look, the tiger sighed. He never felt something like that. In this body he was more sensitive about stars around him. 

Blink
Oilmp rushed his head after Tygg, he saw it, a blue sparkle winking into him. But now it have gone... He took consternate position wondering. So he was right...His light of the star never was his imagination. He choked a laugher. So he was not fully stupid fuck and pervert...what a mess.

‘You should ask people to help you out’ Zush encouraged Tygg but he blushed.

‘I don’t feel like I want, because of me their village was ruined...’ 

‘They will rebuild it, we might help’ 

‘I...’

‘You are similar to this pervert...’ 

‘...ho...’ Tygg nodded tensed but he meant other way, Zush smiled. 

‘All tigers are the same, your kind is ridiculous...’ he laughed and they moved to the doors of the first door, they have visited only few because everyone wanted help Tygg, few minutes later all three were standing in the circle watching Tygg analyzing his workplace.

‘Ok, so once more...’ Tygg sadden and clenched his fist on his chest, something gagged him from fear inside. He is starting again from the same place as before...but now he have someone else around him. 

‘...You are now with me...’ Zush and Oilmp exchanged looks, this kid had something heavy inside of him, something like a black hole that was pulling him down.

‘Are you sure you are ok’ Zush asked.

‘Mhm...’ Tygg wiped his tears. ‘I’m sorry’

‘You stupid brat’ Oilmp squat in front of him, Tygg involuntarily glanced at his crotch once before he looked into his face, the tiger was smiling to him. 

‘Huh? What’s in your mind?’ the boy asked unsure. 

‘You are the bravest guy I have seen in a long time, stop weeping’ Oilmp lowered his tone, it sound like a growl, like a threat. Tygg cheered up, nodded and get into his work motivated. Oilmp stand up and crossed his arms observing him full of inside proud. 

‘My, my, Oilmp, since when you been such a good parent...’ Zush mocked him and tiger angered. In fact it was suggestion about his pervert behavior towards Tygg, but this time, somehow this mockery made Oilmp proud of himself but still little nervous, he planned to trick Tygg when he start mature, to have more selfish pleasure, but now...he have to seek this little brat more like an own child, and somehow his plans bricked upon the retarded physical feeling of responsibility... Tiger gasped troubled and lowered his head watching the dusty floor. In such a short time he changed that much...it was bothering, he will need go wild later and destroy some planets and their livinghood...or something. He sighed resigned. He really could not understand what is going on in his head. He threw his body against the wooden wall and started playing with his tongue in his mouth, he was teared between righteous and wrongeous.

‘I will make this suit the same like the old, but will change the symbol in the center’ Tygg explained.

‘To what’ Zush asked narrowing his eyes a little.

‘Immortal stars, you have forgotten?’ Oilmp pissed off at him. Zush shrug. 

‘Yea’ Tygg took the paper and pencil and drew the symbol, it was a black star in the center, and in place of curled drops he made a four sharp black stripes, like on the Kaen chest, he keep the thin rays coming out from the star. One of the stripes was drawn in a wrong direction but Tygg did not realized.

‘Splendid!’ Oilmp encouraged him. Zoi been observing Tygg in silence wondering...

Blink

[Ah] Zoi gasped surprised. Tygg started sewing the top of his suit...


Few hours have passed and Tygg still finished only the top of his suit. Just like before, he barely could understood why it takes him so long, his fingers were stung by the needle. Oilmp yawned. He was hanging lazily on the back seat of the small chair sitting in front to it. Zush keep observing Tygg with the crossed arms, Zoi awaited for another blink of the blue sparkle, he slowly started realizing that inside of Tygg is something more than he expected, but what and how? 

‘Eh, I need a break...’ Tygg sighed, in fact he started thinking about asking someone older to do that job for him, but honestly, he wanted to do that just for the doggie and his friends. 

‘Hmp...’ Zush spit out a jibbing, Tygg curled up lowering his head and  raising his arms, what was that for? 

[Maybe you would like to come with me on a journey?] Zoi proposed on what Tygg jumped on his feet’s motivated. 

‘Sure!’ Oilmp smiled and hanged his head again. Zoi moved towards the doors and Tygg grabbed one backpack explaining that this is only because of snacks.
The doors slammed behind them. Zush relaxed his arms. Oilmp looked at him with smart impression on his face.

‘What’

‘We should help him don’t you think?’ Oilmp smiled. Zush raised his eyebrows. 

‘I see...’ the puma guy raised his hand and then the white light covered the materials on the floor, short after when the glow disappeared in front of them has shown a complete suit, but the center of the top has been clean. The cape changed color to the black one. 

‘Nice, but why you changed his cape?’ 

‘Because on its back it have a white star now, this is an element of surprise’ Zush explained smugly. 

‘I see...he can finish the center by self, symbolic…’ Oilmp gasped, but short after he yawned. ‘Shall we fix for him that stone star?’ Oilmp glanced at the table, Zush throw his head in the same direction, the way he done that was robotic.

‘I wonder...’ 

‘Ah an you know what… Don’t get so obsessed with me wanting to have a time with this brat’ Oilmp suddenly asked. 

‘Goggorott, what again’ Zush asked full of a contempt. The tiger fell on his face with the chair.

‘I told you to not call me like that…’ he hissed through his grinded teeth’s. 

‘I don’t care what you do, we are free, I’m out for my business’ 

‘Oh thank you for the mercy…’ the tiger guy grinned nastily. 

‘But if I hear you hurt that boy, you won’t get away in a one shape’ Oilp face fell.

‘What the fuck?! Why you even care?!’

‘Because he is a one of us from now…’

***
Lord of the Black holes was spending time at his palace, sitting in his chair and observing the space through the swirling black holes, but his eyes were not really concentrating at the images that were shown to him, many times he missed the lone star doggies caught into the view. His mind was somewhere else, he has been wondering about the nearest future and what to do about many many things. At some moment he bammed his open palm into the chair arm and get up. He have too many worries on his head. He walked towards the giant forge standing in the corner and looked at it and then slowly followed up on its pipe, ending up into the ceiling. He was standing there and thinking for a good minute and then snapped with his fingers and moved through black hole into different location. He warped in front of a giant hopper made from the universe and the black hole, inside of which have been sparkling burned and melted star doggies he had ever burnt inside of the forge. He kept observing the inside of that weird construction, wondering as if he gathered enough to keep his plan consistent. Maybe he should not be destroying that one star doggie...

***

Tygg with Zoi keep racing with a speed of light through the universe, Tygg must hold a firm grip on lion body to not fall off, he still was wearing his old, dirty suit. At some point they stopped and landed on the lone asteroid, the universe was silent and calm with the sparkles shining around them. The surface of the asteroid has a dried wild grass which surprised Tygg, he did not expected to see that, it’s like some part of the planet was ripped off and floated away through the space.

‘That was fun’ Tygg laughed getting down.

[You better had it] lion joked. Tygg laughed and took off his backpack. 

‘I wonder where we are, will we be able to return?’ He glanced behind but Zoi remain silent. Suddenly he pat the rocky surface and from the sparkle of the white light emerged a weird round silver object with the white ring around. 

‘What’s that?’ the boy reached his hand for it. 

[A compass, in future you will be able to return back to the village if you will want to set off ] Zoi explained patiently, Tygg keep analyzing the compass in his hand, but honestly he had no clue how to use it. He put it into his little bag but then something clinked inside. Tygg hesitated and then put his hand inside and pulled out the damaged pocket watch. He looked at it wondering and then sadden. Zoi once again saw a blink of a blue sparkle inside of Tygg.

[What’s that? What is bothering you? You can tell me] Tygg sighed and turned back to him and slowly moved to the nearest edge of the asteroid, Zoi keep observing him carefully. Will he do anything stupid? This little guy was clearly deeply injured and depressed... Tygg raised his head watching into the deep sparkling space, the few random shooting stars crossed the wild darknesses few seconds from each other. The boy sighed. Maybe he will feel better. He’s like a fallen soldier in his own war...

‘Few days, weeks or months ago...I forgotten, but it was apparently long long ago... the little star doggie fell on my planet because of an accident, since then I befriended him and helped him return back to his mother waiting for him, but then...Lord of the Black holes appeared and claim he kidnapped the doggie, he used black hole to suck away my village and my close ones and he left me with that watch giving me a time to answer his question...’ Tygg said slowly in one breath, feeling how everything inside of him is waking and opening the old scar...he need it to move forward, but right now he felt that it will be the hardest part. 

[What happened next...with the doggie and...]

‘He died...’ Tygg interrupted him feeling how his throat is closing from a fear of his own words. He chocked, he tried force himself to not cry again...it was enough, he was already pitiful. ‘I have lost my childhood somewhere behind, I only wanted to be a hero...’ he repeated same old mantra...Zoi keep observing him in the silence, the boy clearly did not wanted tell him anything more, Zoi lowered his head thinking...that stone star and the doggie...that shine inside of that boy...

[Tell me, does...it ever happen to you to absorb anything from any star?] Tygg clenched his fingers on the pocket watch and hold on a choke. He gulped own fear. 

‘Yes...it happen between the asteroid when I failed to jump and I started chocking from lack of air in the cosmic space, then the doggie used his energy to save my heart beat...or something’ Tygg gulped scared and raised his hand with the watch, pressing it to his own chest, feeling into it the slow but nervous beat of his heart. The blue sparkle shine again. Zoi gasped in a wonder. So apparently that star doggie was still living inside of him. But he was not aware...maybe he should not be telling him that. Zoi sighed resigned thinking about what he heard. All parts of this relation slowly were making own peace in his awareness, but he decided to not press anymore. The boy apparently was lost enough into own darkness, depressed and lone...ruined because of his own actions and the anguish Lord. Yes... he has been pretty much the ‘Anguish Star’ on his own with all of this burden and blame...heavy inside, made from the darkest and the most bitter iron... the anguish taste of the rotten childhood and live hood...

[We should go back, I think you need rest] Zoi spoke and noticed that Tygg is wiping his own eyes. The boy looked once again into the wildern skies with sadden look on his face. He sighed but then, short after everything inside of him collapsed into a million’s parts and he choked shortly trying to stop himself, but then he started crying, it was all his fault, he wanted to die hard right now...

blink

The blue sparkle inside of him shone again, but this time much stronger just like something had to appear out of it, out of all of his inside confusion. Then, Tygg suddenly stopped crying and his senses sharpened, Zoi keep observing it. From a blue sparkle shining out of nowhere on the ground, the physical star doggie appeared in front of him at the very end of the edge of the asteroid. Everything stopped inside of Tygg, who had froze from a shock and his senses sharpened. He jumped forward on a putty legs and clumsily landed on his knees, skinning them, in front of the doggie whom he grabbed into the tightest hug...

‘Doggie...doggie...’ he wept shocked, could not believe his own eyes, but short after, the doggie sadden and closed his eyes and turned into a bluish-gray sparkling star dust. Tygg reached his hand after him shaking on his whole body from a desperate outcry, with eyes full of tears, and he felt like something is blocking air inside of him and how he slowly starting choking from lack of the ability to breathe. The shine inside of him faded away...but a small, very tiny sparkle of the hope still kept hanging into his chest... 

***

Zoi returned with Tygg as quick as possible, as soon as he slammed the doors of the house both Zush and Oilmp jump scared. 

‘What happened?!’ Oilmp asked all white under his fur. 

[This happened!] Zoi put Tygg on the floor, he was unconscious again, but still hold the damaged pocket watch in his weak grip. 

‘He’s not breathing...’ Oilmp whisper in a horror. 

‘Move on!’ Zush ordered and he put both hands on his chest and released a white sparkle of light. The shockwave pulled Tygg’s body and short after he opened his eyes, his heart return back to the old beat...

‘Huh...’ the boy asked weakly and took few nervous breaths. Once again a star being saved his life. He sat up confused. Was that a dream? 

‘You stopped breathing...’ Zush growled at him accusingly ‘...but before you had been able, what is that mess’ Tygg looked at him scared and then around, they have returned to the house.

‘I don’t know...’ Tygg put the hand with the watch to his forehead and then confused looked at it blinking rapidly. ‘I don’t think that you could call it a ‘breathing’’

‘Nevermind what it was’

[Apparently he lost ability to ‘breath’ in the space...] Tygg turned his head to look at Zoi, what the hell?! 

‘I...lost...’ Zoi nodded and looked seriously after everyone faces. 

[From what I learned, the star doggie once saved his life and after his death he slowly started losing the energy he shared with him, now he’s just an another mortal being like everyone else...] Oilmp wondered. 

‘When you think about that, he’s not any attractive to me either...’ 

[Nobody really asked you...] Zoi creeped out broke inside from what he heard. Oilmp keep wondering but then suddenly he stood up from the chair.

‘Well then, Zush will take care for the rest, my job is done here’ 

‘Where you going?’ Tygg asked surprised, Oilmp did not looked at him. 

‘I need do one thing, see ya later, horny brat!’ tiger slammed doors behind. Tygg was sitting confused and fogged, he felt a sting inside of his chest and started slowly choking from the lack of an air. Zush took a quick action and once again fixed his breath, but this time he made for him an oxygen mask from the vivid star energy. Puma guy growled nervously trying to think what to do. 

‘This is all for now...but I don’t know what about later, you should now rest and wait till the mask will fill your lungs’ Tygg sadden depressed hanging down his head and looking into his suit, after short while he jumped surprised pointing at the finished thing. Zush smiled.

‘We made it for you, once you rest, you can finish it on your own’ Tygg cheered up and moved to bed. He could not make any sound as the mask has been blocking him.

[Oh, I forgot about your backpack] Zoi left the house leaving Tygg and Zush alone. The boy sighed splutterily into the mask. Zush smiled and sighed resigned.

‘I will come back tomorrow, we shall think about how to help you now’ and he left the house last. Tygg keep watching the dark doors with an emptiness in his mind, but then he slowly fade away, dropping off. The magma star being was observing him, but been no longer nervous, just like it has been waiting for something. 


Zush moved behind the door and keep looking after Oilmp but he could not see him anywhere, he thought that he wanted speak to him... Zoi walked towards him. 

‘Huh, shouldn’t you...’ 

[I already returned] puma raised his eyebrows under impression, the backpack was hanging on Zoi’s neck. 

‘Huh...well then, but where is Oilmp’ 

[He told me that you have train this boy and soon he warped up] Zoi shrug assuming, Zush scratched his head confused. Then why he wanted talk to him...

Back in the cave, where been placed a place belonging to Zush’s, at one place, Oilmp was leaning towards the rocky wall, with one hand above his hanging head. The blood was falling from his forehead like crazy, he was bleeding to death, and he was now hardly keeping on his conscious. 

‘Haaa...’ he gasped hardly, and gulped on swallowing his own blood, feeling how a grimace of disgust is crawling onto his face, and feeling how his body is slowly fading out and how his soul is slowly being rejected. He felt dizzy on his head. ‘...I’m sorry brat...I regret what I have done…’ he spit hardly with a weak voice and then he hit the rocky wall crushing it and also his own skull. The blood splattered everywhere and the body of the Oilmp has fallen onto the bricked rocks. Goggorott has left the body warping away...

VOL 30- The Anguish Star

The one day has passed, Tygg, thanks to Zush powers managed to recover from his lack of the oxygen, but as Zush warned him, it’s better for him to find a safe place before three weeks will pass or he won’t be able to reach him in time anymore. 

‘You must understand that for now it’s not safe for you to be there...’ Zush told him calmly trying to reach to his small stubborn brain. 

‘Okie’ Tygg responded with a shrug, now he tried to finish the center of his suit by sewing down the elements for the symbol he had cut out from the black rough material, the ‘rays’ he had sew in with a traditional floss.

‘You even listen to me’ Zush asked resigned. Why these tiger guys must be so stupid and arrogant...

‘Eee...I need be wary, yea’

‘YOU NEED KEEP YOUR GOD DAMN BREATH IN CONTROL!’ Zush got triggered. The dying light in the glass shivered and started rampaging, Zush looked at it.

‘Are you aware that this thing is dangerous and can blow up in any moment’ 

‘I guess...’ Tygg stung himself and hissed. Zush twitched his head at him. This boy will hurt himself in no time...

‘But I wonder...’ Tygg started.

‘About?’ Tygg pulled out his pocket watch and looked at the scratched dial and analyzed damaged golden horns and ring. For sure this thing become some sort of a symbol in his short journey. He placed it on the empty belt of his new suit. 

‘Could you...make it stick to the material? Or something?’ Zush looked surprised but he smiled cocky and used his powers to pin the watch, afterwards Tygg raised the trousers, the little watch swayed on the belt. Tygg smiled. Now he only must finish the symbol on his chest and he will be ready to go. 

‘I have heard that in few days on some far away planet Relief will be giving a speech in the public’ Tygg said putting trousers aside. 

‘Who’

‘You don’t know him? This is very bad guy and he looks like a pig and have own army’ Tygg looked at him shocked, he thought that Immortal Stars know their stuff. 

‘AAAH...This guy...you must forgive me, I don’t really care about Lord of the Shitholes like Kaen or Goggorott...’ 

‘Who’

‘Nevermind, don’t force me to explain this stuff, please...note that I just don’t give a damn crap...’ Zush begged him resigned. Why he must always respond on such a stupid stuff...

‘Ah...Okie’ Tygg scratched back of his head and returned to his work, he did not realized that he sew the left down stripe in reverse to the rest, it was pointing outside of his suit, not inside towards the star. But now, when he think about it, he should finally take some bath...it was starting itching him from the dirtiness. The boy sighed resigned. From all this mess he did not asked about the most important thing. 

‘Will you train me anytime soon?’ 

‘Sure, I’m here for that!’ Zush raised his fist motivated ‘But don’t expect anything special, I will try teach you something that will help you escape and counter opponents, rest you must learn by self.’ 

‘That sucks, you are so lame...’ Tygg blew out his checks in disapprobation. 

‘Not my head into it, you are just some stupid brat to me, even if I like you, not my problem if you destroy yourself, and besides, fighting with me would be dangerous to you’ he lied but warned him, but in fact he naively tried kept him in check, to warn him from anything stupid. Naively...

‘Ehe...’ Tygg humbled. Zush twitched his one eye irritated. 

‘I wonder what about Kaen...or everyone...’ Tygg sadden on what Zush felt guilty, but in fact he had been wondering about that too, he could not find Kaen anywhere through his ability, all Immortal Stars could reach each other through telepathy, but as easy it’s been to do, as much easy it been to block any of them from each other, but Kaen was not that kind of a guy...

‘I guess I will finish that later, I need take some bath...’ Tygg get up and looked at the bricked star on the table, sighed resigned and left the house. Zush looked after him but did not follow, he wanted give him some private, though he could sit with him just for supportive talkback. He turned his eyes at the stone star, in fact they both tried to fix it, but something was missing. He moved towards with anger painted on his demonic face and squinted his eyes...He hold on a desire to destroy the dying star and concentrated at the bricked stone. If star energy was not enough to put it together...wait... he turned towards the golem and remembered what Zoi told him about the incident... Star doggie, this black thing, star energy, and black matter... Zush once again looked at the bricked pieces and then shortly at the dying light star being... Maybe he will not be able to fix it, but at very least he will be able to re-join it…revert it to the same level as during the rampage of that black armored thing... 


Tygg sighed as he entered the big wooden barrel like a basin placed in the closed sauna-bath. The soap and towel were placed next to it. Tygg relaxed inside with closed eyes, but then he opened them tensed. He should not do that when everyone are in danger...but in other hand, what he could do in his position... the boy relaxed his muscles again, sighed deeply trying release his fears and closed eyes, feeling into the hot bath with the addition of the rare sea salt from a distance planet. Just like at home...but... he had not to think about anything like that... He pulled out his own body from the water to sit on the other side of the barrel. It slowly started reaching to him, that he is slowly turning into a mature guy. But he could not call that as a fact. Just a subconscious thing. He opened his eyes and looked up irritated into the ceiling among the hot water fog. Why when he had been relaxed, suddenly all stupid thoughts started drilling into his head... Once again he released deep breath and now the vision of the fantom of the star doggie appeared in front of his darkness, he opened eyes in one rush. Something started playing with his stomach raising an inside fear into him. Tygg gave up completely. Something pulsated into his tensed forehead. But now when he think about that… He felt how anger is raising into him, from his childish behavior. He could understand his own feelings, but he could not understood why his brain is pulling out all of this non stop? Right now he felt pretty solid, he did not wanted to cry, he even forcefully stopped thinking for a while about it all, listening into the cracking wood from the vapor. And he has been okay. So why... He sighed and relaxed again humming, but then stopped opening his eyes, he remembered the star doggies on Pete planet and his eyes stung and something started sucking them from inside. He completely resigned, he get up and looked at himself in the mirror on the other side of the room. He met a surprise. He has been little taller than before, or maybe he just forgotten how tall he is in fact... from all this stress and stuff... but...could he possibly age that fast in the space? Losing a child into him? He remembered a song sung by the doggies… Short after he sighed last time and proceed to cleaning his sticky and dirty fur, thankfully he got a new pair of clothes so he can possibly throw away his own, cursed suit.


When Tygg returned from the batch, Zush took him to the outskirts of the planet, but this time Tygg did not asked him the forbidden question, as both of them agreed on that. He wanted to teach him some meditations practices to help him clean up his mind from all bad things. But Tygg could not concentrate at all... 

‘You must take a ten deep breaths and relax, closing your eyes...’ he shown him how to do.

‘I can’t, something inside of my head is...I have feeling like my head is full like a trash can, I can’t empty it...’ the boy complained resigned, he started feeling like a complete idiot. Stupid depression thing…

‘Ehh...you are so problematic...’ Zush put hand on his fore head and the white energy flashed once. ‘Better?’ 

‘Oh’ Tygg put his hand on his forehead surprised, he felt very lightly, with the weird cool feeling of the light into his head. ‘You are right’ Zush twisted his lips in a disdain, but said nothing. This time Tygg closed his eyes and he saw a white light. He started following Zush instructions and short after his conscious moved somewhere inside, back into his head, just like he entered into some kind of a hibernation, but still could hear everything around. He was breathing softly and calmly, the pain into his chest, into his heart gone, though it was stinging him since longer time after all of this... 

blink

Zush twitched his head, the blue sparkle inside of him raised again for a short while... He turned his head back to default position observing Tygg with the corners of his eyes... So was that a star doggie? Or maybe his own star just rising into him... 

Twenty minutes of the meditation session had passed. Tygg stretched his body just like after some kind of a nap. 

‘You feel better kid’ Zush asked and assumed at the same time.

‘Not really, but for sure my head feels lighter’ Zush smiled, now it would be good to teach him in short how to defend himself... 

‘Zush...’

‘Hmm?’

‘I guess I will try and conserve that child I still have inside of me!’ Tygg said cheerfully in a promise. 

‘Heh...No hard feelings...’ Zush felt amused closing his eyes.

Few hours later Tygg finished his new suit, he was not impressed with the white star on the backs of his cape created by the immortal star, which made Zush angry, but then without a word he fixed his gloves and boots. 

‘Alright, Now I can go!’ 

‘Where, you still need stay here...I won’t let you…’ Zush grabbed his cape and pulled him down on the floor. 

‘I want go on a small walk!’ Tygg complained. 

‘Just because I treat you kindly, doesn’t mean I am not listening to the village doctor, you need recover your body before you do anything stupid, you are weakened...’ Tygg has offended. 

‘Oh, oh, this won’t work on me...’ He said nastily. ‘I am right now responsible for you, now go to fucking bed!’ Tygg felt a fear from the growl in his order and did as he wished without a complaint. 

‘I hope my lessons will help you, this is nothing in fact, but at least you will be able to counter some opponents to block their jabs and fight back…’ 

‘Why not teaching me something more?’ Tygg asked pulling on the duvet on his head.

‘Because you are not ready, you must do a ton of spiritual work out, learn how to use energy, specially the star energy you don’t own and so on...’ he sat in the chair observing the little guy.

‘Okie’ Tygg murmured from under the duvet. Zush resigned annoyed throwing his hands off behind the chair, turning his head and sighing. He surrounded himself in thoughts but then crossed his arms and started swaying in the chair observing the boy who has been slowly falling asleep. Why Lord of the Black holes still could not finish him off...was that his innocent luck? Zush wondered and then sighed last time before hanging his head on the skewed chair, falling asleep. 

This is weird…but I really want you to success in this…


On the next day Tygg under Zoi’s strict control got permission to go on a small walk around the area, but he should not come any closer to the black hole, which was still not removed. Yes, a huge black hole remain there above the asteroids, but recently calmed down. Zush planned to do that before he leave, but in fact he was curious about what will happen with that thing...

‘Ehhh...Alright, I won’t come any close...’ Tygg resigned, fully conscious, he must start act serious to his own resolutions, or he will never change or do anything without causing damage and trouble to anyone...

[Be careful...] Zoi asked him, inside he was not trusting him. Tygg waved to him with a silver compass, which, from what he learned needed to be clicked to be turned on. The boy sighed, fixed the pocket watch on his belt and bounced off from the planet, moving very slowly away and enjoying his very last moment of his freedom. In next few days he will need prepare a plan how to get back his friends and to how work on his own strength... but he was now free, able to move far and wide. It was truly refreshing for his small eight-year-old body, like a new chapter in his life, his own, very own new adventure. But in fact, Tygg only thought that he is still eight, recently his body turned eleven, thought it still needed to sprout. After few minutes he stopped, suspended in the cosmic space. Observing planets, lights and comets around. He suddenly felt how his eyes are getting depressed again. He gulped feeling like a fool. He again broke his own promise...

‘I guess...I will not change’ he whispered to himself resigned and smiled with hanged head, observing the deep space under his feet’s. But maybe... there is something he must not promise to anyone and surely keep forever on, from now on his route and routine... Being a child again... he remembered the song of the star doggies from back then, back on Pete homeland and something light raised into his darkness breaking it apart, at least for a while... that’s right! He has been still a child...and that was his main strength and source of power. He decided to do this, the only good thing he could do in that moment. He returned to the village. Zoi was surprised of him. 

[Why, you had plenty of time, did you...]

‘Mr. Zoi! I need tell you something, what I discovered!’ 

[?] Tygg smiled widely looking at him with the excitement. 

‘It doesn’t matter...I mean...’ he lost what he wanted to say, but he decided improvising. 

‘...what I lost, because I am a child!’ he felt that it was not really the right message but he did not bothered that. He felt stupid.

[I don’t follow…sorry brat]

‘I always kept blaming myself for being sad and crybaby, and being such a spoiled brat, clutch, and even hating myself inside, forcing to do things in order to prove I am not...but...I guess this is the best way for me, to remain a child, no matter what, and to stop depressing myself, to show everyone that I am still able to live...I guess...this is more less, that...’ He hanged his head unsure, he wanted give some of a big speech, motivate himself and make Zoi impressed but...

[If you feel that way, then this is only thing you can do to start feeling better...] Zoi said warmly and then gave him a friendly ‘lamb’ with his head. Tygg laughed and full of new energy rushed towards his rented house to hug Zush and to explain to him once again the same thing, no matter how he will react…


‘You again moving away’ Zush asked on the next day after Tygg passed by him to left the house. 

‘Yea…why?’ Tygg asked surprised hanging with hand on the doors handle.

‘Nothing…’ Zush closed his eyes and shrug pretending his innocence. Tygg blinked few times and then left the house. Zush sighed and fixed in the chair hanging his head behind and watching the wooden ceiling. Maybe he should spend a little more time with him after all…this little guy carries a lot of grudges inside of him… The big puma-lion guy sighed deeply and closed his eyes thinking though his mind was blank. There was no reason to hurry…

Tygg moved slowly through the planet outskirts after rushing through the wooden village, his breath was now heavy as he tried to calm down the scratching in his throat. He coughed few times and then raised back to the straight position, now observing swirling black hole in the distance. He knew he should not move towards it as he could not do anything anyway for now… Suddenly Tygg felt a sting of depression in his chest and eyes. The star doggie appeared in his mind among with a strong desire to enter the black hole after all… Tygg clenched his fists and hold his breath hanging his head staring into the ground and awaiting. He clenched his eyes tightly. He almost gave up a loud weep. He tighten his jaws, that strong, that he felt a pain in his tooth’s. Please, this is not how it should be, let it all be as it was before, leave me alone, go wherever you want, but let it all be as before…

I want remember you, as a good dream, please leave for now…today I beg you, don’t woke me up… 

Tygg raised his head trying to bind behind his eyes his naiveness, he lost so many days, he was almost sure as if it all was not about him but about different Tygg, but no…it was only a mere delude he closed himself into, he could not repair. He must become tougher. Because nobody will ask him anymore if he have time…

Then Tygg opened his eyes in a shock. He looked at his hands. Was it his imagination? He felt a grasp of a blue sparkle into his chest. Now when he was standing there calmly and breathing with the fresh night cosmic air, something started reaching to him. When exactly he learned about doggie’s death? That’s right… it was all only an assumption of other’s around him, who doesn’t know what exactly happened back on the asteroid, when he and doggie met… Tygg twitched his head and started scanning blackness in front of him, full of blinking lights. He suddenly started snapping out of his own confusion. 

‘Wait…’ he slowly started understanding. Doggie must not be gone or dead… He let out his breath nervously, he should need more evidences, maybe back then he only wanted give him a hidden message… there still left one unanswered question to him. Tygg hanged his head again, he kept chewing his tongue and trying to fill his blank mind. He must not give up on all high hopes for star doggie living… He made a one unsure step forward, but then stopped and turned back as if someone was calling after him, but in fact he heard nothing and there was no one. Tygg kept staring confused, he clearly felt someone else.
But… The boy ignored that and keep moving forward and short after he departed from the planet soaring through the black space. It was strange feeling to him, though he knew it very well…but this time he felt like he had been very different from before, like this flight was another from the others, but he could not explain it in any possible way- how? He had gray compass from Zoi, so in any time he possibly should be able to return to the village… Few minutes passed and nothing really been bothering his mind, he felt that he’s finally freed out of his boundaries, further and farer from the cursed village and all those who wanted to kept him under the closure so badly. Tygg landed on a lone asteroid to take some rest. For some reason the flight through black cosmos was more draining to him than before. He took a deep breath not bothering anything anymore, not overthinking and then he sat and looked above into the big cluster of the blinking stars. He remain silent observing them and wondering about beginning of his journey once again. He left his home carried by his big dreams and hopes, that he could not held into his little hands… he wondered how much time really passed since he gone in the black hole, because for a some strangerous reason he felt like years passed in front of his eyes without him noticing. But he still was a boy…right? He started having some doubts about it anymore, he started noticing how naive he had been again… he sighed bothered. That little struggling one he’s now looking at in his mind, was really him from his past, through his present? To his future? Or maybe the future is not right here but tomorrow, or after a day that will be tomorrow? He felt lost in the gaze of the lights above him, and he suddenly realized that the night spreading around him, seem to be almost like a miracle in the sea of so many brightening lights… just like dominating over them. Tygg reached his hand above after the shining cluster. He wondered probably once again in his short journey as if the stars above poured their light into him, would that help him become even stronger…? Would that help him cross over them? He closed his eyes breathing deeply and trying to synchronize his breath with the stars above, but some weird disturbing feelings started appearing into his head and behind his eyes… He opened them and looked forward in a shock, noticing a black hole swirling not so far from the place where he had been. For a while he hesitated but short after, forgetting about everything he bounced from the asteroid and crossed the depths of the swirling black matter into the unknown, believing that with the grey-silver compass he is safe… 

Somewhere in a far place among the dark forests, under the giant black-vivid dome where been lying fallen corpses, Vagös opened his eyes for the first time unable to understand where he is, the spots on his body started glowing in the darkness and moving through it, he get up from the ground in confusion…

Lord of the Black holes keep soaring through the black space wondering about everything that happened during past few weeks, he was still searching for the unaware little star doggies, but this time he clearly did not cared as much as he used to be. Too many things had to be done in such a short time…and in few days he will need come to that kingdom where Relief will be giving a big speech…he was unsure anymore about it all.

***

Tygg landed unexpectedly on the other side of the black hole, right in front of camping people and a two star doggies, both him and them froze observing each other and then all screamed in fear. 

‘Wait…wait…what does that mean?!’ Tygg keep asking raising his voice and looking behind at the swirling black hole and at the group sitting in front of fire under the rocky wall.

‘I would like to know the same!’ the ginger haired girl raised her voice in anger, Tygg noticed that her skin is weird in front of the fire light, it was becoming vivid from time to time. 

‘You won’t even tell us your name?! You wearing a mask, so you supposedly are a super hero or something?!’ she raised her voice again and Tygg felt oppressed, he swung his tail in irritation. The boy who been with her and the two doggies all remain silent, probably such a clash of characters shut them down in fear for their fates.

‘No, I won’t’ he respond with the offensive disdain in his voice. He somehow forgot himself as a superhero in that moment consumed by his anger. Now when Tygg was glancing at them he noticed that they both are weird, but what surprised him, was the fact that they both were looking like a super heroes just as him…He wondered what is happening in there?

The girl was wearing a black mask covering her eyes, she has a purple suit with a dark yellow cape and light green boots and white gloves, she had a reddish ginger hair mixed with the black, she was little taller than Tygg. She has painted white ‘S’ on the front of her breast and she was looking pretty slapstick. The boy in other hand, was a short plumpy humanoid cat with the dark yellow skin wearing a golden-yellow hero suit with a fur coat which made him resembling a lion, he had a glowing light blue accents on it in the shape of thunders, he had an artificial leopard tail, since he had not his own, he had not any cape, but something like a hood with the artificial mane, more likely he has been cosplaying another animal. Both of them looked pretty like a some sort of a walking cluster fuck. Tygg was not sure what to think about their look, he felt offended and disgusted, but maybe he had zero taste after all. He glanced over the shaking star doggies and decide to take a few steps back. 

‘I’m not a threat for you’ he explained and the doggies calmed down with a relief. 

‘Then why you knew where we are?!’ she asked again with perishing voice that made Tygg freak out a little. Something was wrong with these two, they were behaving strange, but Tygg could not explain why he feel this way. 

‘Why you won’t tell him to get lost?!’ she attacked her companion but he only twitched his lips compromised inside. 

‘Holy...creep out!’ Tygg tried to calm her down. 

‘I think he is right…’ the boy spoke, Tygg’s lips fell as he heard his low deep voice, it was a kid right? The fire kept cracking in the burning wood. Some time passed…

‘So…you are looking for your companions and for a Relief…’ the girl asked normally trying to connect facts as Tygg in short explained them his situation.

‘Yea’

‘We looking after Relief too…’ she scratched her head troubled. ‘But we can’t let you have your revenge on him…’

‘Why, he’s a bad guy!’ Tygg felt offended but could not understood what is going on, those two…they were his enemies? She spat with a contempt. 

‘Doesn’t matter as long as he is helping us.’ 

‘But he has a giant slavery moon and tried to kill us…’

‘I DON’T CARE!’ she raised and yelled at him in anger. ‘We are not your stupid friends you retarded brat, and we both don’t believe in your stupid story ok?!’ Tygg felt blown away, he did not know how to react. He only was sitting there with one hand stopped in the air as he was about covering his face from her shouting at him. Now when he thought about it…why he react like that, when nobody was really acting like that towards him… he looked at his raised forearm ignoring the angered girl and he narrowed his eyebrows concerned. He blinked with his eyes and bite his lips remembering something. In a blink, a some semi snowed image of an tall yelling woman with a bottle in her hand swooshed through his mind. He felt a sting in his eyes, but probably from the heat of the fire. What was that… 

‘We must find that stupid stone star, let’s go…’ Tygg raised his head as the words reached to his ears.

‘Huh?’ Tygg felt like his heart started beating up to his chest, why they looking after it? Was it another trap set after him? Again? A weird silent fell between all of them, but then the girl spoke to him calmly;

‘I don’t care if you find your own happy end, but for us it’s a sure end of the journey, we will only keep dying and we will be death by the time…get lost, or something…we have our place to save…’ she stopped in half-sentence and Tygg looked at her worried, they both stopped moving and they both remain still with hung heads and a weird empty black eyeholes...

‘Hey, are you both alright…? Tygg asked unsure, the two star doggies were swaying and humming carelessly. 

DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

The flame of the fire split in half from an impact of the air, the two star doggies screamed in terror as their companions teared into them aggressively and started eating them alive. Tygg shrieked and bounced back on his ass in panic. The other two has an empty black eyelids and somehow their perfectly fine suits turned into a ripped ones and their skin suddenly became gray and got empty searing and meaty black holes into it, with partly visible bones. They turned into something like a zombies all of sudden. Tygg wanted to scream but he was unable to, his heart was racing as he has been astonished observing the little star doggies consumed alive by the other two. Semi-conscious he has been feeling how he’s sitting there eaten alive, by a giant terroristic fear inside of his chest. He pulled out a grey compass given to him by Zoi and clicked it warping away into the white vortex back to the village. He fell on his knees next to the Zoi, looking around surprised with his fur wet from the sweat, and he hardly could explain himself… So this is how that thing works?


When Tygg finally calmed down, he explained to Zush what he had seen and what he learned. Tygg could not hide a disgust as he kept explaining the state of bodies of these guys he had met. Zush did not looked surprised, only kept thinking. 

‘You know…in this cosmos, there’s a ton of dangerous stuff, this is why I did not wanted you to waste your time…’ 

‘But I’m…where I am wasting my time?’ Tygg tackled him. Zush felt provoked and his lips crocked, he should answer on that, but in the other hand the boy needed rest… Zush get up from the wooden chair and put the stone star on the table.

‘Come, we will take a bath together’ He smiled to him, and Tygg felt blown by his proposal, and then he rewind that time when he took the doggie with him… he hanged his head worried, why it all seem to be rotating around him to pull him down into a darkness, of some sort of a gravel gravity…

‘Come, or that other guy will take you…’ Zush turned him around and pushed through the doors. It was funny, Zush never been parent of some sort or anything, but now he enjoyed his free time with that little boy, for the very first time in his life he could feel like a father. Weird shit. ‘You are safe with me, I’m not a pedo like him’

‘A what?’ 

‘Nevermind, nobody knows what is in his mind, maybe he is mad or something, that’s why we don’t spend much time with him, he is doing whatever he wants, he is unable to be predicted at all…’

‘Ah so…’ Tygg was worried, but he could not answer why.

Short after he was helping Tygg wearing off his clothes and then put him to the tall wooden barrel batch and then he entered it himself relaxing. 

‘Tell me, how often you act such like a dull and underwhelming?’ He asked him in a normal way. Tygg looked at him with a dead stare but then rolled his head back observing the hot water. Zush felt troubled and uneasy. 

‘I’m not your family, father or something, but you can tell me anything…’ 

‘I have told you a lot and you kept buffing it out’

‘That’s wrong…’ Zush triggered ‘I only trying to keep you in check, you need common senser…’

‘Ho-hum…’ Zush felt how anger is building into him, but he took a deep breath. He felt like something was swirling into his nose and he felt a desire to sneeze. Someone is badmouthing about him…he glanced at the boy and felt a desire to goof a little to make him feel better, but he didn’t. He suddenly grabbed and hanged his arm around his neck and pulled him to himself in a buddy-bud grab. 

‘Worry out! You need chill a little, finally…!’ Tygg did not respond. Zush looked at him and then hunched into the water and gone under, Tygg looked surprised and then the puma-lion guy started making fast-bubbles popping out from underwater. Tygg chocked a little on a lighter laugh. Zush dive out breathing heavily but he was smiling, and he felt how his smile is spreading inside of him seeing how Tygg is laughing with him. 

‘You feel better, you see!’ 

‘You don’t understand…’ Tygg saddened again. Zush felt down with him, his mind has blanked out. They surely will need work a little more with the mind state of this little guy… Zush scratched his head annoyed and relaxed in the batch in front of the boy watching the wooden ceiling. He gave away a deep troubled sight. He can’t leave him now…not in his condition. The lion guy hanged his head out behind the barrel and turned off his mind under the heat…

‘You know about star beings’ Zush asked realizing something.

‘There are other beings beside doggi…oh…I have heard it…but can’t remember from who…’ Tygg wondered, but he picked up Zush bait easily. Zush smiled.

‘Of course dummy, but they are living in a different realm, you want to go there?’ He opened one eye watching him expectedly, but the boy did not seem to show any interest. 

‘Maybe not now…’ 

‘Oh…’

‘…but I was thinking about something’ Tygg get up and walked through the water towards surprised Zush.

‘Huh…what’s that’ Tygg hanged his head thinking and Zush observed him puzzled. 

‘I don’t care what you think about it…but I want get stronger and save my friends, and the doggie, I don’t believe in his demise…’ Tygg tried to held his emotions inside of his head, that was not time to show weakness. Zush sighed resigned and Tygg throw himself at his chest and flatten towards him clinging to his fur. 

‘E…what you…’ Zush face froze scared with his jaws dropped in shape of a letter V, it was retarded, he thought, they were naked, both, and male…! And he is still a brat! Stop, what are you…!

‘Wait…wait…whaaa?’ he panicked. But Tygg keep silence.

‘Say something, I am scared…there’s no one to see us gladly…even I know you are just a some stupid brat…but!’

‘I don’t care what you think, I just can’t…it’s too much for me…’ Tygg pushed his face tighter into his furry chest. Zush blinked and looked down at him, and then something light filled his body as everything started clearing out to him. He fixed his position and then grabbed the boy in a tight hug. His lips twitched from a short smile. He closed his eyes trying to not think about what he had think before. He was there to be a physical and spiritual support to this little one now. Zush opened his eyes a little and realized that nothing in this world is happening by accident, apparently all of this been written from the beginning, plain and square, in a big matter of all things… He smiled to himself.

‘You feel better’ Zush asked with a warm voice. 

‘Just shut up…’ Tygg hugged him tighter with his mind empty from all thoughts. He needed this after such a long time…

Short after the bath, Tygg went to his bed, completely drained from the hot water, he fell asleep almost instantly. Zush was sitting in the chair observing him and biting his lip. He need make sure that this guy will be able to defend himself, he must teach him common sense at any cost or he will die… Zush sighed, sometimes he wished he could be able to sleep like him, but it was really rare thing…he suddenly yawned and with an empty mind he fell asleep as he sit… That was weird… He thought. We don’t need that…

On the next day after Tygg’s breakfast (Tygg decided to leave his helmet at house) they both spend some time training on the outskirts. Tygg learned to block and counter attacks, learned how to punch, kick and both him and Zush had small but intense sparing. The big cat tried to be light to him, but the fight awoken into him a warrior and it was scary to him.

‘Ok…enough…’ said Zush after he punched Tygg into the ground, they gone too far. 

‘Ow ow ow ow… It’s not a biggie, I was beaten worse than that.’

‘You kidding…’ 

‘Uh…no’ Tygg get up holding his stomach and hissing from pain. 

‘Yea, I see’ Zush sat by him with crossed legs. Tygg looked at him annoyed and jumped on him, they both fell on the ground and Zush hit his head on the rocks. 

‘AAAAAAUUUU WHAT THE HELL!’ Tygg was panting out of breath but he was sitting on his chest triumphally proud of himself. 

‘I did not said I’m done’

‘So what!’ Zush yelled at him pissed off, Tygg smiled to him out of breath.

‘Ok dad’ Zush looked at him with a face that reflected he could not believe what he just heard. He was pale on face, he thought that the boy is suddenly retarded. 

‘Ok, enough of this bullshit’ he thrown the boy from him siting up, now Tygg hit his head on the rocky ground. Zush sighed because boy reacted with a weep.

‘Stop…please…’ Zush looked at him begging and the boy chocked last time on his tears. 

‘I’m sorry…’ 

‘Yea…’ a weird silent has fallen between both. Tygg sit up and started gazing into the black space in front of them…

‘You know…I wonder about these stars around…’ the boy started and Zush sighed. 

‘You should not look after the stars during the day or night…because they are inside of us…’ The boy suddenly spoke.

‘Hm?’ Zush sighed resigned, what he is now blabbing.

‘Do you think you are the only one who had made this retarded wishful thinking!? Everyone has something to ask the stars about…to fulfil their greedy and stupid desires…get a life, at least only you…there’s no such thing that will make you a wish out of the air, sure, you can ask, nobody will stop you but fucking c’mon! Stars are not for that! Not even has enough of the time for all your bullcrap!’ Zush triggered himself, even though Tygg did not mentioned a thing. A long silence has fallen between them after that weird speech…

‘I…’ Tygg stared confounded.

‘You know what…’ Zush pulled his lagging body up and looked at the surprised boy. ‘Let’s go and burry that ‘doggie’ Tygg looked fooled, but short after he get up with a face full of joy, and short after he had come back at the outskirts with the stardust left after the doggie. But yet he did not believed into it, it was only symbolic to him, just in case… short after, they both warped through the white vortex. 

They both appeared in a some weird place with the light orange sky, that place had some coniferous trees in the distance, but where they landed, it have had a lot of big stone like bells, with a carved various decorative grids on the bottom of each. They both in silence followed a tiled ground, up to the one of these bells. It seemed to not be any different from the others, but it was more darker, more messy and older. 

‘Why this one?’ Tygg asked looking at Zush.

‘Because this one is the last bell in his journey…’ Tygg did not understood a thing. But somehow he felt offended by his jump to the conclusion. The boy moved towards it and placed the sparkling dust under it. Nothing happened. They both kept standing there for a while and during that while Tygg made a promise to the doggie, a very very last promise. Something glittered into his chest and it did not escaped Zush’s sight. His face became serious replacing his surprise. That boy has a real star into him ready to its rebirth…

‘Ready to go back’ Zush asked, naively expecting from the boy to close all things, but Tygg only narrowed his eyes and did not respond…

Something glittered into him once again.

Lord of the Black holes stopped on the asteroid still bothered by the events and his own past. What kind of a real fate was destined to Relief, what it was for that nasty brat, what it was for him… He guessed that the hunt for the star doggies will have to wait… and then he suddenly remembered a thing, he left a black hole back in that place, close to that village planet, that brat might return there… 

He snapped with his long nasty fingers and the black hole near to the planet where Tygg residing suddenly stopped and the remaining small lightnings inside of it has gone too…

***
‘I guess there’s nothing more I can teach you…’ Zush gasped and looked away, once again he had a star power like battle with Tygg, but as always he overcreep him with his own power, which was a shame for him since he was looking for a some serious and brutal battle since a very long. 

‘Wanna go bath again’ he asked.

‘No, maybe later but I still need look around’ Zush raised his eyebrows.

‘After’

‘I…I want make some opportunities, I want have some freedom and peace while I’m still here…’ Tygg wondered as if this is okay to speak out loud about his plans, he tried to hide eye contact from Zush…

‘Ehh…you really are stubborn, why you can’t…ah, forget…I will speak to you later’

‘Okay…may I go?’ Zush only shrug and so Tygg bounced off from the planet, he hoped that he will be able to rely on himself after what he learned. 

And once again the desire of adventure took him on the some far outskirts of the cosmos with no soul around him…

‘I guess I realized something…’ Tygg spoke up loud and then collapsed his mouth after embarrassing self realization. Indeed, he never truly seek for that until now because all his previous movements had been concluded with a high wall in front of him but…right now, he was there alone, free…he could have for the very first time ever his own adventure…if something get bad he can always use that silver-gray compass he got from Zoi…and Zush helped him with some starrish martial arts, yet basics, but…now it should be all right to set off by now...for now...

And once again he bounced from the ground of the asteroid and soar away into the deep darknesses of the cosmos... few minutes has passed and he had no plan where exactly he want to go, he remembered his last exploration and sadden a little, but still he tried to understand what was that weird horrorful thing... He hanged his head in consternation and did not watched where he is moving. Why these two were like that? He wondered but then he twitched his head in a quick realization, but before he managed to do anything it was already too late, a lost meteor had hit into his helmet impacting him back, and slowly everything had gone into the darkness as he kept falling down on the asteroid...those asteroids…why they are always there for him…?

But then…something sucked him in, and when he opened his eyes he was in a completely different place.

‘Huh?’ he pulled up himself from the dried grass looking around. He then noticed a weird white cross in the ground made from a stone, it was looking similar to the swords joined together…or maybe like a hilt? It seem to have decorative borders on it, which made it look like some part of an old architecture. Tygg stood in front of it with his thoughts somewhere away, just like something was hypnotizing him towards it… 

‘Who’s there?!’ he pulled his body and looked behind, nobody was there in the range of his sight…the boy sighed and decided to move on to look after some inhabitants. He realized that after the collision with the space rock he must fell into a black hole that must have been nearby, so naturally he should find the escape way as soon as possible… or just use his compas…

After a few minutes he reached something that was looking like a camping place left by someone. He approached slowly with a bumping heart but after a while he relaxed since nobody seem to be around. He moved among the weird houses made from sticks and straw, the camping seem to be completely out. He sighed again and contemplate, is there really nothing to do, or go? He pulled out the stone star from underneath of his suit and looked at it, it seem to be completely unactive, but at very least fixed…

‘What do…’ he sadden, maybe there’s a way by using it but…if not, then…

‘Hey you!’ Tygg’s eyes widened and he froze feeling how his whole body was hit by a short electric impulse and his heart was bumping fast. He turned around. 

‘Ah…?’ 

‘This is just a some brat…’ a man laughed to his companions, they all were humans and they did not looked any special, few of them had beards, they all had been almost naked, muscular, with only boxers like trousers on their hips. Tygg now realized that in this place weather is not pleasant, he decided to pull off the helmet. It was a warm place.

‘Huuuu…after all better…’ he sighed.

‘Why are you there? Who are you?’ one guy asked suspiciously. 

‘Eh…I’m Tyggarman…’

‘Tiger man?’ they all looked at each other faces completely confused, is he mocking them? 

‘I asked for your name, not about your kind…’

‘Oh…I’m Tygg, but Tyggarman is my hidden identity…’ 

‘You are issued kid…’ everyone laughed and they completely ignored him moving around and doing their own stuff. Tygg sadden and twitched with his lips, for the very first time something made him realizing that his name could be wrong and not working well with what he wanted from it… The sun was slowly setting there…

‘We never heard of any Lord of the Black holes, he sound like an asshole’ everyone laughed, Tygg felt embarrassed, these guys were literally as normal as they could be, they seem to not have any worries or troubles. They all been sitting in front of the big fire camp eating dinners in a small wooden bowls. Tygg was sitting on the block of a grayish wood. 

‘Hoo-hum…’

‘Eh kid…I don’t know how you arrived here, but we won’t be able to help you, you must find a way by yourself, this is how adults do.’ Tygg saddened feeling something unusual in his gut, maybe glimpse of raising fear. He raised his head up in the sky, to try and hide his true feelings. 

‘You know about that white cross?’ he asked.

‘Of course, it’s a very old thing, and many people have forgotten about it’ said one of them, honestly Tygg had a troubles recognizing them from each other, maybe because he did not cared that much… 

‘IT’S STORY TIME EVERYONE!’ one guy yelled and all gathered with their bowls like a big adult kids, Tygg realized that the stinging feeling behind his eyes is growing…they all seem to be very chilled and cheerful. Tygg lowered his head pretending to getting into his food. Why he’s about it again…

Everyone been waiting in tension and then the one guy spoke…

‘Long time ago the soldiers had been marching on the war, they promised to their families and people that they will return after a battle. But then on their road, the fog raised and a giant forest appeared, literally from nowhere… They tried to cross through it, but then they suddenly disappeared and never came back, and the army of the invaders reached on the other side killing all people and taking territories under their own control…As the time passed and the war ended, people who survived decided to make a memorial for the soldiers in hope, that it will lead their souls to the other side of the forest… ’ the guy fell silent and everyone was astonished. Tygg blinked his eyes once, surprised.

‘That was all?’ asked one of them, the storyteller nodded. 

‘I can’t believe, you just made it up’ 

‘No…that brat made me remember a story from my childhood…’ he blushed and everyone laughed and crowded away from the circle. What was that?

‘Why the forest appeared?’ Tygg asked and the guy looked at him confused. 

‘How could I know?’ 

‘Yea…’ Tygg hanged his head trying to eat. 

‘But you are like a soldier…right?’ Tygg froze on what he heard. 

‘I…I honestly don’t know anymore…I could not protect anyone…’ 

‘Soldiers can’t protect everyone all the time’ the guy smiled to him, probably thinking that he’s making up the stories. 

‘But I was unable…all died because of me, I have told you, right?’ He looked at him with the glassy eyes, the man paused and his smile faded, he get up from the ground and walked towards him and kneeled on one leg to be on the level of his eyes. 

‘You seem to not be from here, but on this planet we live day by day and we have no time for any hard feelings, because in any moment something can kill us, so we enjoy our time while being still in alert…’ Tygg looked at him surprised. 

‘You may not understand it, but we left our homes to find a new place to live, leaving our families for the sake of the good of all…’ the man get up and looked down at the boy covered in his shadow. Tygg watched his face scared as if he had to hit him for something, but he did not know why…Tygg hanged his head and felt an uncontrollable sadness...

‘You can’t be like that your whole time, because it will finally backfire, life is not a play hood…if you keep, then you will not ever help your companions…’

‘Then I will escape…somewhere…as always…it never failed to me, maybe it was only a short time acquaintance…’ he spoke feeling how everything is crushing him down inside. How all negative thoughts are raising, again…

‘Eh kid…’ the guy shook his head and moved away ‘You should rethink your whole life…’ and short after everyone get to sleep and Tygg was left there alone. Sitting there. The sky somehow turned into a color of the sea like; a green mixed with the white, light blue and little yellow… Tygg raised his head and keep looking into the starry sky with an empty mind and glassy eyes unable to cry. He slowly keep fading away, as he kept watching the skies. He remembered Husker and his villagers suddenly…wondering how they feel, wanting to see them…maybe his own life after all been too pitiful for… what he was about again? He felt like something was rolling a black hole into him, consuming him from inside. He started wondering for the purpose of his existence…feeling like something was bargain into him…

Tygg wept, trying to hold on it, he hung his head and keep watching the ground, the food in the bowl was now cold… he ate almost nothing.

Maybe if I get along with the facts, the loss will be less painful…if the doggie really died… 

He wondered, reacting on the words of that old man, maybe if he will FINALLY understand the life and the reasons behind what is happening to him…of what is happening to him, then everything will become easier…but he knew that it won’t be… He put away the bowl and leaned down with his hands crossing on his chest in a self hug with the hands behind his backs… He felt how the struggle is raising into him and how his head is hurting more and more… because he thought about the doggie? Because he wanted to get good with the facts? Or because his body knew that he’s only fooling himself? He could not stop his thoughts, that kept piercing through his head. 

Once again I breathe with you, instead putting you to sleep…I know I’m hurting myself, I let you live into me, you will stay for longer, you stream into my veins…I can do anything, move away, but I know…that the empty place is into me…

Why…doggie, why you haunt me from behind of my shadow, I can’t drag you out of my head…
My body don’t listen to me, don’t want to know the truth, and whenever I try, I have no chances left…and then again I close my eyes, feeding myself, and with the all of my body I absorb you…I can stop, move on, destroy all unwanted dreams, but I know, in a while you will make up them anew for me…Nothing reaching, though I speak loud, doesn’t matter how would I feel, I remain silent after all,  and you again give me your nothing…living inside of the black holes swirling into me…
So fall asleep into me, don’t wake up, do not breathe in my place, I will laugh from this on a someday, I know…I’m so afraid of that day…
I want to breathe -with you…

***

On a distant gray moon Lord of the Black holes and Relief who appear to be recovered, both been standing in front of a some big black domes surrounded by the black and golden field formed into a round border… 

‘I hope you understood what I said…’ Lord lowered his head in a grim warning, Relief only hissed. 

‘I know, you must not repeat that, but I honestly think that you will fall in front of that stupid brat’ 

‘Ah so?’ Lord widened and narrowed his eyes and then he snapped with his fingers, the lower part of the body of Relief slowly turned into a dust of a black matter and was blew away leaving only the head above the rocky ground. Relief felt how fear is consuming his brain hitting hard into him, but he tried to bind it to not make the Lord feel any superior above him, not provoking him…

‘You still think that I am unable? And you… What you are?’ Relief looked at him and for the first time his face has shown expression of fear, Lord laughed. 

‘I created you from the black matter and dust, so I can turn you into the ashes at any time if I feel tired of you, all in this world belongs to my will, because all is black matter…’ he laughed even crazier but then he fell into a seriousness and narrowed his eyes even more aggressively…

‘I warn you Relief…’ the boar keep watching him and feeling how wrong he had been and how he miscalculated his fate…

***

Tygg was standing in front of the white cross with empty mind full of sorrow, he left the bowl of untouched food behind on the wood… now when he was observing it and wondering about events from past, he realized that his heroism was still in truth shaping… He wondered about the forest from the tale, was it caused by the Lord of the Black holes? Again? Another ruined place by him that become only an empty wasteland? Tygg’s mind was blank, he sighed through his nose, and tried to hold on his current mood, to not depress himself anymore…he hung his head again in sadness.
When he think about it now…’Tigerman’ doesn’t suit him at all, he though that it will be cool to hide his identity but…it’s like his own idea about himself slowly maturing, even if he felt ripped between what all suggested to him, through his non stop depression…

‘So…Tyggarman…huh?’ a flat name from his real name, nobody would ever know…? Huh? He felt much better about it, like this time he finally impersonate something in this play hood…

Tygg kept observing the grass under his feet’s, so all of them went on the war to fight against Lord of the Black holes and never returning sacrificing everything they loved…so… maybe it was only a matter of common sense to let the doggie go away and die…same as his other companions… 

Do sacrifice -justice- his actions and goals?

Tygg looked directly at the white cross trying to gather thoughts, maybe to pray or something but then a surprise of fear appeared on his face as the small black hole opened in front of the cross and sucked him inside. 

***

When all of sudden the world ablazed, 
They following the wildern roads,
through the sleeping woods…
With an equal rhythm of the young hearts
a restless days, continued by the time…

Somewhere left behind a smoke from the fire,
Dust of all met roads,
shadow of a weaky fog…

As alike a though from the past
As alike a memories path
Coming back now today
In memoriam of them, whom aren’t there…
Yet, a fate did not helped all of them,
Coming back from the wooden path’s,
In the wild field a white cross,
Don’t remember still,
Who’s sleeping under it…

***

Tygg opened his eyes slightly, he felt how his head is spinning inside, and that he doesn’t feeling well, what happened, he was standing in front of that white cross but… His eyes wide open from a shock and he sit up breathing heavily. 

Why he is on the hill? Why his village is there? A dream? Illusion? He got up and looked around, the night was dark blue so it was night time, black hole was nowhere. Grass was dancing on the night wind. 

‘So I was dreaming all the time?’ he questioned aloud, but it was not that, no, he’s not in a real world… he decided to look around once again but there has been only greenish hills, it was the same hill where he had been before, even a lone rock was there… why is he there?

‘You wake up, I see’ Tygg turned around in a shock and he saw a tall handsome tiger guy standing few meters away.

‘Uncle?!’ the tiger nodded.

‘Welcome home’ Tygg frown in a wonder, something was suspicious about him. 

‘Why you are here?’

‘Because you might be lost’

‘What…?’

‘I’m here to show you reality, Tygg’ he smiled sadly, just like he had to tell him something really bad. 

‘Uhm…’ Tygg hanged his head breathing through his open mouth, he was confused and hardly could form any thoughts. 

‘Why you visit me?’ the boy raised his head, now he noticed that his helmet was not on his head. The stone star also gone… was it a trap? 

‘Because I have something to deliver’ he smiled again, but his face was clearly sad and little worried, maybe inpatient, scared?

‘To me?’

‘Yes’

Tygg did not knew what to think or tell, he was awaiting in silence. Suddenly the whole sky covered with the frayed dark-grey clouds, but they looked more like a cape covering the sky… Tygg twitched his head and everything hopped into him, he had a bad feeling. Then his ear twitched back, he turned his head into that direction, and he heard a humming or some voices singing a song from a distance, and they were raising and raising, moving closer and closer. Then on the cloudy sky he saw the lights moving through in a rhythmic bounce. The voices have been closer and closer and then his eyes shocked as he saw lot of star doggies floating through the skies. 

‘What is…that…?’ he asked scared and confused, his uncle closed his eyes smiling. 

‘They moving to the better place’ Tygg pulled his head towards him and something cracked into his neck hitting him with a short pain he tried to ignore. He held on his breath. 

‘Can you be more clear?’ he asked breathing fast, the doggies floated above them, it was a lot of them. 

‘They are moving to the afterlife, soon…we are dead’ Tygg’s eyes opened wide as never before. 

‘You lying…!’ 

‘No, this is the cruel reality, black hole consumed almost whole planet and I died nearby when I arrived to check after you all…’ Tygg shake, he tried to hold back his tears. 

‘It has to be a mistake!’ 

‘No boy, accept it if you want, but I’m completely broken, I’m sorry’ he smiled sadly feeling pity towards the little guy in front of him. 

‘I…I don’t know what to think…I…’ Tygg closed his eyes and grabbed his head trying to wake up but he couldn’t. 

‘I am dead too?’

‘You not’ he raised his head in confusion.

‘But…’

‘I take responsibility for my words, I can ensure you’ 

‘Why then I am here?!’ He cried though his tears did not come out.

‘Because I had to disclosure your fears’ he lowered his head in a blame. Tygg hesitated and then looked up at the doggies moving into their own destination. He slowly managed to understand.

‘You want to tell me that the doggie really died?’ the boy asked and the tiger uncle only nodded shortly.

‘But he is not among their companions, so I assume that his spirit is still wandering somewhere attached to the other world…’ 

‘A…a…h…’ Tygg took one deep nervous breath. He gulped and felt how his eyes irritate him with a desire to cry.

‘Though they are only prints of their own bodies, following destination only known by them…’ Suddenly, though Tygg thought that he’s pretty conscious in there, everything sharpened and an electric shock ran through his body. He released a short breath in a wonder and suddenly he felt that something bad will happen in a while. He started losing control over his dream. The doggies in the sky stopped and turned into a light gray-blue stones and then all slowly crushed into pieces. His uncle gone and the black hole opened under him. He wanted to scream but he felt muted, like something take away a voice from him. A loud roar asounded from the clouds, just like a roar of a wild animal and Tygg twitched his head and looked above him full of fear and the dream ended. 

He slightly opened his eyes and sighed shortly releasing his breath directly. He was floating in the black cosmic space. He felt like the dream washed away all sadness from him, at least just for a while. A little while… He fixed his position straightening up and looked around him. He felt a stone star in his grip, so at very least he was more confident, his helmet was on…gladly. 

‘Where I am? Again…’ he looked around another time and then he saw a moon with a weird black domes on the surface. He curiously moved closer trying to fully awake and then he felt how a shock turned upside down all his guts. Lord of the Black holes was there among with the head of the Relief floating above the ground… He clenched his fist on the stone star and decided to land in front of them. They both turned to him, and both were surprised. 

‘It’s you…’ Lord squinted his eyes in a surprise and his voice seem to be sinister. 

‘Mhm..’ Tygg nodded, he didn’t felt any fear, he learned a little how to defend, so he was not now defenseless. He looked straight at them. 

‘I am not afraid of any of you’ Lord snapped with his fingers and the helmet gone landing few meters away. 

‘Hmph, save us this embarrassment…’ Tygg shook away a little unable to tell what to do, he acted so fast just like he didn’t cared anymore…was that a mistake to come here? He wondered as if he shouldn’t move away and run…

‘You really want escape?’ Lord asked.

‘Huh?’ Lord raised his head into direction of the weird big domes.

‘There are your friends closed inside…into a place between dimensions’ Relief said nothing, he was observing Tygg and the stone star in his hand. Tygg was standing there and listening, awaiting for the words. What he meant? 

‘Wha…?’

‘Of course, don’t give yourself any hopes…their corpses already decayed into the dust of black matter and went away towards the stars you adore so much…’ Something hit through Tygg and turned out his senses…so all were dead…

He felt how something is rising into him as he tightened his fingers on the stone star, his body covered into a combust of a frail flames and then his eyes turned weird just like not his anymore, he threw a stone star above the domes where it suspended there and started emitting a strong light, then Tygg used abilities he gained from Zush and passed by them with the high speed, they both were not scared nor surprised, just turned around observing him. The light blinded them both all of sudden, Relief body somehow returned to normal. I want save them now… Tygg though and then the stone star faded and casually fell on the rocky ground few meters in front of him. Tygg held his breath observing it in a fear, does it loss its power or something? He thought that he used it again following his wishes and feelings… Lord laughed.

‘What? That’s all? Hjehahahaha! Freaky show, I would watch it again just to see your face!’ He kept laughing. Relief said nothing just awaiting, maybe this brat will somehow damage Lord…and do all the job in his instance. The flame around Tygg faded a little.  

‘No…’ Tygg clenched his fists and the flame aroused a little more. He knew that he made a mistake, but he must not think about the situation as helpless. His eyes squinted, but the strong, different look remain into them. He remembered suddenly the star doggie, and the time at his house when they met for the very first time. He’s like a Supernova, a hero like a Supernova! 

‘Further… meddling into us is something I won’t allow you to!’ He impact from the rocky surface with a wild look into his eyes and grabbed the stone star which cracked a little from his grip. He looked at the Lord of the Black holes and jumped towards him with the star in his reached arm, ready to strike. The star flashed, and both powers of star and black hole clashed and have been struggling. Lord tried to block Tygg with his hand and the black hole he created from it as a shield, but a flashy and sparkly, but a gentle and vivid-white star energy keep struggling against it… 

‘Maybe I have no strength to be on your level, but at least for a once…’ Lord looked curious at the boy who was not looking at him, but he had hung his head short after the clash, probably unable to withstand the impact of the both powers, after all it was only energy emitted by the stone star in his little hands. Not his.

‘…But at least I will show you now a Supernova Hero I am!’ the star energy raised and become brighter, but Tygg felt how his hand is slowly shaking and how his hand barely is able to clench fingers on the stone star.  Then the light was sucked back inside of it and Tygg fell on the ground in front of the Lord, the star fallen out of his hand and bounced few centimeters towards the Lord of the Black holes. He reached his hand towards it and took it, observing it from close in a wonder, his eyes were squinted. Tygg gulped and raised his head in panic, the fear overwhelmed his whole body, now he’s completely defenseless…after all this time.

‘Hmmmm…so this little thing seem to be your power source huh?’ Lord looked down at him just like at a some mere bug, a lowly being that was not treated by him as anything… Tygg was breathing heavily observing the Lord, his eyes already returned to normal in a moment when he had hit the ground. Relief closed his eyes and cussed at heart. Damn it…

Lord lowered his hand towards the boy, their eyes met for the very first time since a long time…

‘You are not needed anymore, just turn into a dust of black matter and begone from my sight!’ Tygg widened his eyes in a fear and then unable to come up with any other plan he shout out loudly closing his eyes in a panic;

‘TAKE ME AWAY FROM THERE!!!’ the star glowed and Lord looked at it surprised and then the light flashed blinding them, and the boy, his helmet and the star itself has gone…

‘You will come back…Surely…’ Lord turned towards the cosmic space observing it in a wonder, Relief was looking at him feeling how disdain and madness are raising inside of him.

***

Tygg spend last three days in the wooden house that was rent to him, sleeping or eating food from the hotel that almost become unconsumable after such a long time. He could not believe in the luck that saved him from falling into a ruin, but at the same time his depression grow into him. He was not able to tell if the Lord of the Black holes is mocking him about corpses of his friends, but in fact both the Lord and his Uncle brought him back to the ground and the landing was not nice. On the third day he was sitting in his bed with the knees curled towards his chin, he bend his knees with his hands, the dirty helmet was laying on the floor next to the pitch black war-wolf corpse. The dying star was collapsing onto the glass inside still observing the boy, but for sure it was weaker than before… Tygg felt how everything is raising into him, the whole grief, into his throat and beneath of his eyes, he feel down, ruined inside, unable to do anything with himself, the stone star was next to him on the bed’s covering. He felt an unimaginable sadness, from the fact that he failed to protect anyone, he was able to only bring disasters upon anyone he had ever met…but he did not knew why and was not sure if he wanted to know why. He felt like everything inside is sinking or melting, how his regret towards his life is becoming stronger and stronger, maybe it would be better after all if he did not ever existed… 

He started surrounding himself with the even deeper depression, sinking completely into own darkness. From the dying star ash has slowly started falling off.

Tygg hide his face in his knees, he needed to cry because he knew that if this time he won’t do, then he will explode… He never should let the star doggie live into him, he’s now haunting him from beneath of his own shadow, no, from all the darkness among him…

The darkness…huh? Heart stung him very hard, Tygg hissed feeling how the muscle pumping his blood is cramping unpatiently, just like it already wanted him to die… The fading dark and darkness appeared in front of his eyes, the thoughts full of evil appeared inside of his head. The suicidal thoughts. Tygg kept staring dense and vapidly into his thighs, wondering why life is so cruel and evil to him, why there’s so much of the hardship and suffering…

Why even dying seemingly appear to be an anguish torture?

The doors opened and the Zoi entered the house and then hold on his breath. Tygg got used to the smell and almost not felt it, but in fact the whole house was filled with a smell of sweet and rotten death, the decaying of the food inside of his backpacks. 

[You should get rid of these…the food become old…] Tygg did not looked at him at all. Zoi moved outside but he still tried to get in contact with the boy. Zush did not have returned yet. 

[You are naive…from what you told me yesterday you almost got killed because of your lack of loaf…] This triggered Tygg who looked at him with the sad eyes full of anger and unwillingness.

‘Then maybe, if after all, you all want to ground me, or if this is so hopeless to try and save anyone, then I will go on my own way, right!?’ he jumped from the bed completely ignoring the stone star or his helmet and passed by Zoi moving towards the center of the small village, where people gathered on the marketplace. He was slowly moving among them with lowered head and no one was noticing him at all, just like he did not existed for them. He clenched his fists and for the very first time he really felt unneeded to this world, but why is he living or existing at all, meeting those people and events…

Suddenly he bumped into a person of his height. 

‘I’m sorry…I was not vary…’

‘Vary?’ a pitched voice could be heard.

‘Aware I meant…’ Tygg looked at the person he bumped into and he saw a little guy with a face somehow hidden in the shadow, with a small white glowing eyes, he has a sharp yellow hat on his head, elf like ears and wear a single purple dress, he has a necklace with a very tiny star doggie with closed eyes and something behind his head that looked like a halo of an angel. 

‘Who are you?’ Tygg asked friendly trying to smile, the little guy did not responded, he has a wonky light gray hands with the sharp fingers and little legs. He looked directly into Tygg’s face. 

‘You are suffering inside full of sadness’ he spoke with the pitched voice similar to a child, Tygg hesitated, he felt something inside, but he could not call it, that little guy could tell his emotions for some reason.

‘No, it’s nothing, you read that from my face? I was not…’

‘You are very sorrowful’ the guy said interrupting him. It was like he just stated a fact, he had not any emotion into his voice. Tygg did not knew what to say or do, he was watching his ‘face’ trying to see it from the shadow. After a short pause, the little guy took his hand and pulled him after him. 

‘Where you leading me?’ Tygg asked in hurry, having an uncalled feeling into his guts. He realized that he probably wanted to help him. They both ran at the outskirts of the planet and the little guy bounced from it leading both into the cosmic space. 

‘Why?’ he did not responded, Tygg tried to release from his grip but he could not, the shadow of death covered his inside, another time he became defenseless, but in other hand he still can use what he learnt from Zush…but…after his last…

After a short flight they stopped and the little spright released his hand. Tygg suspend into the black space observing him, he turned towards him and once again looked into his face. 

‘You are very sad’ he stated again, but this time it sound like he was judging him rather than telling him what he feels.

‘So what…?’ Tygg asked unsure, in fact the whole situation confused him a lot.

‘You feel a horrorful sorrow…’ he continued.

‘I had a hard time lately, why you keep repeating this?’ Tygg asked trying to sound cheerful but his voice betrayed that he’s a little frighten.

‘Your sorrow has brought me to this place…’ Tygg looked at him surprised.

It happened way too fast, the little goblin pierced Tygg’s chest with his hand and grabbed his heart. Tygg felt how everything is escaping him, just like from this act his whole body refreshed itself, he has been feeling how his own heart is beating into the little claw like hand. Tygg looked terrified at the little guy and then he saw the disgusting ugly face of a goblin, something like a grey demon with a harp teeth’s in a wide smile and blank white eyes.

‘You won’t must be sad anymore again…’ Tygg could not move nor shout, he was completely paralyzed and under control of the goblin. 

Someone…! He thought loud desperately feeling how his conscious is sinking back behind inside of his head. Tygg’s heart slowly stopped.

‘Your sorrow will be fodder to me, along with your soul…’ Tygg hung his head back as he lost the conscious covering into the darkness… A small blue sparkle flashed shortly inside of him and then the goblin opened his eyes wide in a shock, he tried to move back his arm, but it stuck there. Tygg moved his head forward, slowly but aggressively, his eyes had a weird black pupils again. The imp started to struggle with his arm trying to escape, but something was holding it inside. Tygg grabbed his forearm and then it turned into ashes, and dust of the black matter. The imp screamed in terror. The life bringing beat slowly made his heart to return back, the boy moved his hand towards the chest of the goblin and ignoring his begging, scared look, he snapped into it turning him into a dust, pulled down inside of the small swirling black hole that has opened on his chest.

Tygg remain suspended in the space, staring blankly into the silent cosmos full of lights and planets. His lips trembled a little, he lowered his head and narrowed his eyes in sadness and resignation, and then he has spoken with a weird deep muted voice full of sorrow;

‘I have enough of this…it’s always the same…’ he suddenly faded away losing conscious and covering into the darkness. Hole into his chest has gone.

Tygg woke among the people in the village surrounding him, Zush and Zoi were there too. He took a nervous breath and then slowly sit up. 

‘I am safe…?’ 

‘You are…you lost conscious in the space’ said Zush.

Tygg stand up and tried to catch balance. He was still dizzy after all. Zush grabbed him. 

‘Please don’t rush yourself…’ He asked warmly with the sad face. 

‘Mr. Zush…I want ask you for something…I need to do something…’ crowd of people started receding. Only three of them left along. 

‘What is that?’ Zush asked curiously.

‘The stone star need to be fixed again…it almost broke again’ The stone star on the bed back in the house cracked and almost in half again. 

‘And the other thing?’

‘The other thing…’ Tygg closed his eyes but then looked staring into distance, he felt like it supposed to be done, just like he matured after all these events…or maybe it was only an illusionary. 

The both of them gathered later in the middle of the village in between the houses. Hiding from the looks of the people. Zush looked at the little boy standing in front of him, somehow admiring his courage. Tygg was looking into the black sky full of stars with the weird lights passing through it. Zush opened his hand and created a soft, fluffy similar to a snow, a ball of the light and passed it to Tygg. He looked at the light in a wonder and then raised his hands releasing it from them and it moved up and then suspended far above the houses. Tygg regretted nothing watching the light, it just had to be done long before. That light to the sky, as a final tribute to the star doggie, a memorial of him, and for him, in hope that this frail light will guide his soul back to him, or at very least will help him gone, straight to the escape road from this mereful world full of pain and despair. 

After all this is also his personal light to the sky, the light of a hero of the star called ‘Tyggarman’
…


Always and always been thinking only of you!
Pulled down by cruelty of the reality numerous of times.
Unable to see you, always been searching my mind for you!
pulled down continuously…
Sometimes been wondering if my voice is reaching you…
Why again? Why we two?
Desiring you, I sang a song, screaming continuously~!
I always and always been searching only for you!
unable to see you, always been remembering you!
and that was what keep pressing me through!
I never cared about myself!
I only kept singing that song…
Because my heart been always pulled down
by your gravity…

I desire you!
I desire you!
I desire you!
With no respond to it…


***




Zush did not destroyed the black hole as he finally departed from the village, but only managed to seal the entrance, afraid of its rotation, leaving Tygg with an empty heart as there forever left any path to come back and clear his all hidden doubts. The boy somehow returned to perfectly stable condition during that time, while still being under restrict eye of everyone in the village and Zoi. Back when Tygg departed again looking for fun, Zoi had to save his ass from another powerful black matter being who attacked Tygg and beat him badly in a few seconds after Tygg called it out. The being warped away right after short clash, after he realized how powerful Zoi have been. Tygg had been pulled back to the village planet for the rest of the time where he decided to work at himself alone… The villager mechanic decided to help repair the black war-wolf golem, but in fact it turned out that there’s no such possibility, because though being metallic on the outside, apparently it has not any sort of a machine known to him from the inside...which made Tygg little sad, but he still had Pete and Thub and Grub, who could know something about it...it still can be useful to them.

The wooden doors slammed and Tygg ran outside to meet with Zoi, he was without his helmet, but in his left hand he was holding a semi fixed stone star. Zush somehow managed to conserve it once again, using the black matter from the golem’s armor and the star energy of the weaker dying star, and mixing both with some of his own powers. But it was yet not fully fixed, it still kept releasing a small, black smoggy clouds from time to time, just like a some old pipe of the car. Probably it will just break apart in any time… The boy has been cheerful and somehow was looking older, but did not grown too much. Cosmic space had a really weird effect on the mortal beings...

[You are ready to go?] lion asked, for some reason tone of his voice was more friendlies, just like through these few days, they had got closer to each other in their relationship. 

‘Yea! Mr. Zoi’ Tygg responded motivated, he looked much better than before, his fur was clean and his eyes had that one specific shine that made him look healthier. Surely, for now, it was a new born Tygg, after so much time and struggle... Few moments later both were standing again in front of the house after Tygg make sure that he’s really ready, now his helmet was on his head again.

[Let’s go] Tygg pulled out the dying star from his pocket bag and kept it tight in his second hand, the star being once again become more nervous and struggled in his grip, trying to bite his finger, but apparently had no enough jaws power anymore...the magma from inside of it had gone long ago. Tygg put his hand on the Zoi’s back and they both warped into a white vortex. 


Somewhere in the distant place, in an unknown kingdom, hundreds of people gathered at a beautiful place decorated with the glassy shapes, looking just like a stained glassy windows in the church. The sun was setting. Crowd has been very excited about a speech Relief had to give to them, from what they knew it was a very important day to their own freedom. Lord of the Black holes was hiding in the shadow on the side, near to a big circle with a gravel filling. People were trying to avoid getting in touch with him at any cost, literally all of them keep avoiding any eye contact with him. After a few minutest a soft wind started blowing, trumpets asounded and echoed around, and Relief appeared in the balcony of a tall castle similar to the church, it was pretty simple, but well decorated, a light orange building with a golden star at the top, probably as a symbol of the country, or Relief power...

‘Welcome, everyone!’ Relief spoken and everyone applauded, though, there was something odd in his voice and even Lord of the Black holes raised his head a little observing the balcony. Was he still ill? Lord thought that he had fully recovered.

‘Today is an important day to all of us!
Because from that day, every kind of a cosmic
criminal, the angel of evil and destruction, 
shall fall on his or her knees, nonetheless who it is,
in the name of the Relief army, the savior of all of us.
Savior, from all of the troubles and worries, a light, a sparkle,
a shine of the bright star shining above, on the road to
the better tomorrow, freedom, to all cosmic beings, from
other cosmic beings which...’ 

Relief kept processing his official boring monologue, and people keep cheering up just like under an impression of the speech. After all a speech of some sort of a king...The kingdom had a lot of small gray buildings with the holes into them. Those were houses of the people living there and they were very primitive. Lord lowered his head, curling like from a coldness, nonetheless the air was pretty warm, or maybe, he only wanted to stay in own shadow...? Lord started wondering once again about the one missing star doggie, stone star and that weird source of power Relief reported to him... It all was pretty important to his successful future, the future of what he have had build through all this long time. His dominance and eternity in this space... He must not let anything nor anyone to cross his path towards what they were so calling- a better tomorrow. Not even a Relief...

BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM

Like under a charm a wild crowd started running away, just like a wild animals when Tygg landed in the center of the place, directly, nearby of the Lord of the Black holes who did not even shiver from his entrance. The raised dust slowly started fading. Relief realized what is happening and rushed with the gun to the stairs. He could not believe his own eyes, nor stop his inside rampage on the sight of that fucking brat... Tygg straighten up slowly, he knew that he’s safe because Mr. Zoi is around him, but either way, he wanted do all of this alone for now... They both were standing in front of each other in the gravel circle among the dust of the dirt and running and panicking crowd. Ignoring everything around them. 

‘I have answer for your question.’ Tygg started. Lord narrowed his eyes and lowered his head observing him suspiciously, he realized that in the left hand he’s holding a some unknown to him star being. He squinted his eyes even wilder from suspiciousness. 

‘Yes?’ Lord asked and Tygg gulped, observing him and wondering as if he is going to attack him, he could not see his hands, so they were probably set on his body or something, whatever his body was working like...

‘You asked me, why I been able to breath in the cosmic space, even if I am being unable to do so in some way...’ Tygg lowered his head and his red eyes sparkled in the sunset. The crowd passed them running back into the small town behind the main palace, and they both remain alone in between of the upcoming silence and the strong blows of a still soft wind. 

‘And though...your star doggie and your friends are no longer...you decided to bring me that answer? That kind of you...’ Lord snarled nastily, Tygg tried to control anger, his mind rushed, he mentioned his friends among the doggie, so...no, he must not think about that... 

‘You better watch your mouth, I’m no longer going to hide from you...’ Tygg growled and his pupils turned into white sharp knives... 

‘No masklets?’ Lord asked nastily. The silence has fallen around the place.
‘No’ Tygg took off his helmet dropping it away. Lord squinted his eyes.
‘What a shame...I thought you were playing a hero...’
‘I must not’ Relief kept pushing through the running people, yelling at them. Tygg lowered his face a little. 
‘Boy...why you believe in nonsenses...’ Lord slowly twitched his left hand. Tygg raised the stone star on the height of his chest.
‘Because I am... answering your question...the sparkle of the star doggie is still inside of my chest...’ Lord widened his eyes in a shock, and started slowly understanding, but still did not fully know details... this perished brat got only a support from these disgusting underbeings...!
‘The star hero- Tyggarman, I am!’ Lord squinted his eyes on the sight of the stone star, he could potentially takeover it from him... 
‘Heh...what a nonsense’ Lord snapped irritated. ‘You are just a stupid child lost on my chess board...’
‘I know...’ Lord squinted his eyes insulted, but kept listening. ‘I am perfectly wary of the childhood I have lost because of you, though, I grew up way too fast as for my age...I have decided to keep that childhood and live on with it...’ But Tygg could not finish his speech.
Relief attacked with the bazooka, Tygg used what he learned from Zush and swiftly bounced away to escape his lost bullet, short after Relief passed the Lord ignoring him and without wasting much time, he proceed a close combat to not let Tygg escape. None of them said anything, they had been exchanging their punches so fast, that it could be seemed like they had been dancing together above the ground. Tygg learned enough to be able to fight on his own! Face of the Lord grimed, he was looking like a car wheel losing the air. 
‘Was it all worth of bothering? Tell me, Relief?’ he whispered to himself and it was more like a question pointed to himself... he sighed and closed his eyes. He snapped with his fingers and both of them were blown in the air. Both landed heavily. 
‘What are you doing?! Don’t you see? I’m during my vengeance for his last?!’ Relief yelled at the Lord, but he did not even a shiver. Only kept observing him, thinking about his next move and if he really should be doing that... ‘I was first!’
‘I see, stupid golem is rampaging...’ Lord laughed into his face. Relief jaws trembled, that was...after all this time, too much of an insult... Lord turned towards Tygg.
‘Move on, he won’t be interrupting us anymo-...’ The bullet hit the Lord of the Black holes, a huge explosion ripped off part of his body. Lord started breathing heavy looking at the damage he took from his own golem, he did not expected that it will be ever possible... 
‘Khhh....Y...you...’ he panted with a high pitched voice, it was third time when someone other than Immortal Stars managed to hurt him in such a short time... he was clearly shocked from what happened, probably he never thought about that possibility. Tygg felt how his heart was racing into his chest, almost rushing up to his throat. So it is possible to hurt him?!
Lord did not hesitated anymore, he raised his other hand and snapped with his fingers, Relief screamed and his bazooka rolled on the gravel stones. His hands, legs, his body started very quickly turning into a black dusty smoke, that dense smog was reeking like a smell of something burning, but...likely mixed with the flesh of the boar. Tygg started slowly walking away, he could not endure this fainty smell... 
‘Maybe when you rest, you will learn a proper respect...’ Lord panted in one breath. Relief laughed maniacally, just like he lost all senses or self control just because he knew it was his end...or maybe not? Tygg did not understood anymore the situation, it all happened all of sudden, he was not ready for that, can Lord of the Black holes do the same thing with him? Levitating head of Relief turned towards him in the air, Tygg felt how involuntarily a shudder is taking over his small body. But then he felt a true terror and fear. Till now, he was underestimating the Lord of the Black holes, though he knew more or less his possibilities, but this time...it was something on a completely different level...
‘You lousy brat...you should learn something before I gone...’ Relief spoke, but with a splutter in his weakening voice. Tygg looked at him trying to forget about the smell, but right now it was barely sensible. 
‘What you want...’ he asked with a withdrew. Relief smiled and closed his eyes, his face started turning into a smoke and his voice keep slowly vanishing. Lord keep observing his merit pitiful fragility, though he had some more expectation towards him after all those years… He turned out to be able developing his own will against his…well then…at least for now.
‘It was him who squashed your little star doggie, and he also killed people from your village...’ his face and voice gone in the wind almost instantly and the grave silence has fallen between both of them. Tygg stood in place with the buzzing into his ears and head, something cut off the line with the reality, he was like an ice figure, but with still living heart and body. So... all of them are dead...and it’s because of Lord of the Black holes...? So it all was...all -his- fault...all this time? Because he did not recused him in time? So that was an ANSWER to all his doubts?! The dying star started struggling into his weak grip which did not escaped the Lord, he turned his eyes onto the stonish star, trying to figure out how he supposed to take it off from him in his state... he has no more strength for another snap...not in this state... Damn you Relief…
The boy started trembling all of sudden just like he got some sort of an inside attack, his stunned conscious was disconnected form any forms of reality. His grip soften and the dying light star being managed to release itself from it, it shoot out on a distance and just like a paper craft on a soft wind, followed by the yellow blinkers of the Lord of the Black holes, it turned back in the mid-air and hit directly into a center of chest of the boy covering him into flames. Tygg started roaring like a demon, like some wild beast has been woken inside, shaped from the madness. A wave of an unknown energy impacted around the plaza. Lord of the Black holes widened his eyes from unbelievable shock and probably another time in his life, from a giant fear... he knew already that in his shape it won’t end up well, he must hurry up. Tygg’s eyes turned white and for a while a completely different pupils blinked into them before they gone. His body kept burning down. Zoi been observing it all from above, he hesitated to take an action. An unknown two shadows with the grudges in their sharp eyes, kept watching them from behind of the corner of the building.

The Lord of the Black holes for the very first time felt a burn on his physical body, his breath raised as he tried to stay conscious and observing the place where faded away that insolent brat who dared to stand against him. The boy in front of him roared like a beast, Lord gulped, what caused this change into him? In truth, he was more scared about what relief had done to him than about the uprising uproar of the tiger brat in front of him. 
‘Huu…huu…that damn Relief…’ the flames that been covering the boy bursted around creating a huge impact wave, the boy moved forward towards the Lord of the Black holes, the stone star in his hand started cracking slowly… Lord kept his sharp eyes on it, if he only managed to take it away from him, then he potentially could use it for his own purposes… but if not, then there’s no reason to bother, he’s already about finishing up all his plans, only a few more star doggies are needed…
‘Yooouuuuuuuu…!’ Tygg growled grimly observing the Lord of the Black holes with his blank eyes. Lord squinted his, he was about to smile, nothing will change the difference between them. He raised his another hand and snapped with his clawly fingers…and nothing happen. Something doomed inside of him, he twitched his head staring into his hand, unable to contemplate a single thought, why the boy did not turned into a dust of the black matter? Everything has been turned into the black matter! He raised his head in panic, looking into the death in the eyes of the flaming boy. Lord tried to warp away but he couldn’t which growth a stronger toxicity into his mind already full of fear, was it what he deserved after what he had done? Was it so called karma? Or just a forewarn for him…? 
Tyggarman widened his eyes in rage and the burst of flames impacted the surrounding, something shortly flashed and then a huge energy wave covered everything just like an explosion of the atomic bomb. Lord had no other choice… he rebound the impact with his eyes, stopping the energy from reaching him and then very slowly he turned into a dust of black matter and flew away into the sky, this will postpone all his plans, but he had no other choice, it was another time and the very last in his life when he could use this ability. Now it will take him few more light years to fully raise from his own ashes… For some reason he had a feeling that the new star was born, but could not explain it. The helmet was blown off away from the boy.

The kingdom almost fell after the impaction, all building been damaged and cracked just like after bombarding, Zoi warped away unable to withstand the energy created in the molten burst. When the flames faded and uncovered the scenery of the disaster, Tygg fell on his face among the black dust and smell of the burning. All soldiers in the kingdom that had gathered on the main place has been killed by the impactful wave. After a few seconds of silence, a two small shadow beings gnawed to the boy and took him with them…
The entire kingdom fell into a chaos, lots of dead people, and lack of any law after it, spread around a news, that the relief army is no longer. Robbery, aggression, vandalism… in some dark alley bunch of bulky monsters were raping a young girl who had been screamed in pain among the nasty laughers… rape, terror, crime, has spread around the kingdom almost on instant. 
‘Put him there’ one voice ordered and someone threw the boy like some piece of meat on the ground raising a dust. Tygg was still breathing, his eyes slightly opened, his head was dizzy as never before. 
‘What we will do with him?’ 
‘Probably just kill if he won’t be useful anymore’ Tygg widened his eyes confused and sit up, the two beings who took him, turned quickly observing him. 
‘He woke so fast…’
‘This is good or not, I can’t tell…’
Tygg blinked with his eyes and then coughed from the dust that had been still in the air inside of the building. It was some random building that withstand the implosion, but inside of it was pretty much ruined. Tygg looked around and then saw the two who carried him. They both were looking like a miniature zombies, but their bodies were resembling star beings, they both had a black eyes with white irises, and the bodies with the black holes there and there, both had black circles on their chests, or maybe searing holes... Black noses, they both were black and white in general. Their bodies seem to be cracked in many places, just like they were made from a stone, their bodies had a small grainy black dots on them like the stone star that Tygg has possessed. Both has black sleeves on their arms, the tiger and the dog. Tiger had hands and legs with a short black claws, his tail was ripped in half, and his ears rotten and almost non existing, his left eyehole was searing with the emptiness. The dog looked almost untouched, he had only a damaged ear. On their bellies they both had something like a black armors, but the one of the tiger was only a tight black line, that was left after. 
‘Who are you two?’ asked surprised boy.
‘Zombie star- death Tigrisërüs Tardüs’ introduced himself the tiger.
‘& death Canōparvüs’ followed up the lycandog, Tygg twitched with his lips, they both had weird names and looks. The boy sighed and hung down his head. He noticed that his suit have a hole on the front, probably ripped from the flames or explosion, he realized how dirty is his whole body. He lost his right glove and some part of the suit on his forearm. 
‘I don’t remember a thing…I feel so tired, what happened?’ the other two exchanged their looks, surprised. 
‘You just almost destroyed our entire kingdom…for some reason…’ Tygg gulped shocked. 
‘You released some kind of an energy and then Lord of the Black holes turned into a dust or something…I don’t know…’ the tiger said blankly, Tygg tightened his fists. So that’s how it was…again… he realized that the helmet is not on his head anymore, and he slowly keep noticing the damages on the suit he was wearing. 
‘You went KABOOM and people of relief army died, probably many other too!’ the lycandog could not hide excitement ‘Kingdom is now in chaos!’ Tygg felt how anger and disdain are both growing into him. So, this is how his true face looks like, huh? He sighed and closed his eyes completely resigned, he smiled and opened them looking with the sadness into the dusty stone floor in front of him. So it is like this huh? He’s a bringer of the chaos and death, not any hero or anything…now again everyone are harmed because of him. He sighed sadly but like this time he completely accepted of the matter of events… Eyes started bothering him and stinging again, they wanted to cry, to tears apart, fall him into anew ruin once again…and prior to that, a wild terrorist thoughts kept stigmatizing him and his own actions… once again the star doggie appeared in front of his eyes as a strand…
I pull and I pull off with my own gravity, billions of thoughts and nothing inside among them, still away and far and farer, I been still unable to tell if you are still there… so many hours wasted on this, on that chronical rushed pulse…maybe this is it this time… You can take it all if you want…from the beginning I had a feeling, that it all will end up like the darkest black film… 
Now I guess this is all I needed, I guess it’s over…No one can be saved, none of my friends or even the star doggie. I am staying in there, just like that, nothing matters, it’s all not for me, the star boat I supposed to hop onto, is now far away, it’s too late, it won’t happen again…that so called star hero… a pitiful bringer of the death. 
Something blinked into his eyes, just like they had changed for a split of seconds…full of grief and regrets. Just like something into him was enforcing itself.
Far from them, on a gray, cracked plaza surrounded with the dusty cloud, like on the some abandoned battlefield, a dirty, damaged helmet was still laying among the scenery of the destruction with the inactive and anguish stone star…
Vagös was looking around the grim dark forest, that place felt like a maze and seemed to be unreal. After a short contemplation about the place, corpses of his companions, and the reason why he managed broke the black dome and left it unharmed, he moved forward the path surrounded by trees towards a towering grey castle in the darkness.

Far from the village planet, as they gone, after a short while, the black hole started shaking and then the sealing broke into a stardust, and the hole spread far and wide above the planet and the nearest area. Everyone in the village started panicking and screaming as the black dusty matter started being consumed from them and from everything around, ripping them apart with the death scythe, right into a still, swirling hole above their heads…


You can smile, to everyone as long as it will be me.
You can dance with anyone as long as it’s me.
I know how it is to be alone, to laugh and have fun
while parting away from anyone…
You can go as far away as it is not too far from me,
till the night is gone, I will carry you in the shadow
and if someone will ask you, I will be there to tell for you a ‘no’
You can go and travel through the stars as long as it’s
not too far from me.
You can be free and have no worries as long as
you won’t give your heart to anyone…
It’s too hard to be a Super Hero all the time, it’s too hard to be 
a fairy tale blues. 
I want to be for you something like this…
But please don’t forget who had been caring you home
and in whose arms you have been…
Even before you gone,
save that the last dance for me…
VOL 31-The Importance’s

‘Hey, we are speaking to you, are you even listening to us?’ Pawgirus asked, Tygg only sighed heavily. An awkward silence has happened between them, but after a while Pawgirus lost it.
‘He have a depression’ said dog with a devastating voice. Depression? Does that mean all that bad stuff that happened around him? About his current mental state? Tygg was not sure of anything anymore. Though after all his words been buzzing into his head, just like they been slowly reaching through such a sound muffling fog. 
Tygg was sitting with the hanged head, staring into his foot’s, and sitting onto a dirty, dusted floor. The newly met zombie stars still kept observing him with a sort of doubts.
‘Do you know how you actually did that?’ the dog asked.
‘No…’ said Tygg, lowly, that it almost could be hearable, just like he didn’t wanted to overuse his vocal cords, especially using them for the chit chat, after all about nothing. Tiger looked nervously in tension behind him.
‘Are you that so called Tyggarman?’
‘Ye…’ he thrown it like for butting out, he didn’t wanted any longer to bind himself with such a burden.
‘Nobody will come here just for now?’ asked zombie tiger.
‘Just like it could be any prejudice to us’ the dog sneered, but though on his face kicked in a sarcastic smiley. Tygg started involuntarily thinking about what actually happened. Just in one day he plunged the whole kingdom into a despair, ruin, and all people who had been living into it. Or maybe he almost, almost killed them all, almost all, because of some random split of events…it doesn’t suppose to be like this… it had to be looking different…
Tygg felt suspended, justly, like on a big face of a clock, listening into its tick tock’s of the second’s counting arm. Which despite the outcome, still was counting an unknown time even to him, towards something unidentified. His little watch on his belt, tilt a little, somewhere from the ceiling was falling a debris, and a few pieces landed on some unknown plastic bags which supposedly had a bedding sheets inside of them. Tygg was listening into the silence around, but then he realized that somewhere far, a muffled alarm sirens are ringing. He felt even more pushed towards the invisible wall. Tell me…that now it all becomes lighter for you, that you are finally satisfied with what happened… Involuntarily Tygg started forming inside of his mind a thoughts full of a huge disdain, a full thoughts of a blame towards the star doggie, feeling how something is clamping on his throat, and stinging from inside. Just like it was his own toxic poison that was burning him, inflamed by his own black thoughts. Just like it has to attack someone closest to it, to become satisfied… Tygg sighed nervously, basically he did not knew why the dog and tiger are standing in front of him, staring. But then short after such a subconscious thought, the dog turned back without a word and left the building.
‘Hey…’ Tygg emerged from his deep thoughts and pulled his head up to look at the tiger.
‘What…’ he breathed confused, but the tiger was only staring into him.
‘No…nothing…’ Tygg only nodded few times and then lowered his sight, the tiger was still staring into him, chewing his thoughts.
Tygg squint a little his eyes in a sorrow that overwhelmed him, once again he felt like his heart is tightening from inside, just like it wanted to suffocate him to death, or just crush with the strength of its very own muscle. The boy felt how the darkness is slowly raising around him. It all was once again without any sense after all…yea, there is no a hero, nothing, nobody, and everything because of a some fucking star doggie. Because he once wanted to play into his nanny… Tygg felt how something was beating stronger and stronger inside of the back of his heart, beating into its walls, and filling it with the grief and anger, bitterness, toxicity towards everything, more and more and more…more than even before… it’s good as it is…
‘Still clean’ said Pawgirus coming back to the dusty building. Tygg hung over his words, trying to make any sense from them, but right now into him was taking place a conflagration… Tigriserus only shook his head, and both once again been standing and staring into Tygg, who could even swear on everything, that he noticed how the dog licked his lips leering at him, into his fragile sitting little body… The boy gulped and opened his mouth a little, breathing. Feeling how since a good amount of time he is suffocating in there from the dense air, which was gradually plugging his nose. Tygg once again got a blink of a thoughts about Pete and the others, and felt how his eyes become glassy from the dust. He once again swallowed his salvia having a feeling that he won’t endure that any longer. He bursted into tears, with a loud weep, and the two zombie stars jump scared away from him, but then the boy started aggressively and nervously wiping his tears trying to get over it. 
‘Something is wrong…?’ the dog asked a little embarrassed from his behavior.
‘N-no…this is all fault of the dust’ then boy once again tightened his eyelids, tighter and he lean forward in a full blubber. Tygg forcingly shook his head, forcing himself to stop the sob, tighten his teeth’s and he kept shaking with his head right and left feeling how the warm heat is hitting his brain and how he is breathing slowly heavier and heavier and how dizziness is overwhelming his little body. Then he stopped, and he fallen forward, hanging his head and staring onto the floor, surrounded by the bleakness. His newly met companions had been standing there in fear watching him hesitantly… Tygg was now fighting with his own thoughts that became worse and worse, trying to put them together and at the same time get rid of all those intrusive ones about the past events. Tygg involuntarily clenched and released his fists…he just wanted for the doggie to come and to tell him that it will be only better from now, that it won’t be hurting anymore…that all the fear and anger will go…because everyone surrounding him been ensuring him that everything will be ok, but with an every passing while, he was feeling just like memories about the one he supposed to protect, are fading stronger and stronger behind a huge mural, not leaving any trial after him… Thought he was not really knowing him that much, because how long in fact? Tygg sighed and at the same time feel how the anger is raising inside, it become so much frustrating to him, everything what had been happening to him and around him on this path, that…that everything! He felt how anger is consuming him and his heart, insides, how he is hating himself for death of every people’s close to him, for another desire of crying, for every bad choices… He felt how the remorse’s are filling his mind, creating around him a new layers…that is it right now…that is it…non stop nerves, non stop fear…he must change it, absolutely everything! Till on the next time, if only it will come, when everyone around him will tell to the oneself a ‘yes’, he will then move back into the shadows, and they better do not try to search after him… He felt how his own shadow is getting more and more darker and blacker, just like he was sitting on a some invisible black hole which was consuming him from inside… He felt like someone was observing him, watching over him, just like after a some small rude, bad child. He need gather up inside of him, the remains of his strengths, to opposite to all of them once and for good, after all no one left there for him…He have no one anymore to defend, he can now only move forward, just to finally end all this grunge with that Lord of the Black holes…star doggie, his companions, and with him. It was his endgame, or maybe not, and he is wasting time in there… Tygg suddenly pulled up his sight, he sweep with it the room ignoring the zombie stars in front of him and then he nagged his head, feeling that the decision finally become a matter of fact… He wants to forget them all for good, just like you forgotten me, though he is there all alone, for good, I want to forget about you as you after me… he is unable to remain into this, exist into this, because it’s draining and finishing him off, then he will be going, forward, though it’s a shame, a waste, it’s good as it is…yea…this is definitely the end…Something, just like watching him from above started moving slowly higher and higher…
‘The Lord..become destroyed by me…?’ he suddenly asked, just like he didn’t know as if this is a question which supposedly could light anything to him. Though what was said by these two, he still was not understanding the ensuing situation that much.
‘You smashed and busted him, his scraps only flew up somewhere in the sky!’ Tygg hanged his head again, staring into the dirty floor more and more. The debris somewhere nearby fallen from the ceiling, just like the building they were inside had to fall over their heads.
‘This is not possible I guess…?’ he asked, but his new companions only exchanged their looks.
‘I guess that was only up to you…?’ dog asked, Tygg only gulped his salvia that was welled into his mouth, something stung him behind his eyes, he felt a desire to cry, but it would be only a dried cry… Tygg sighed once again and then he started coughing, as he relished with the dust. What it is? Why he could not keep his determination erected? Could he still have been feeling a fear?
‘Probably nothing we can do there…’
‘Wait up…’ Tygg with a struggle calmed the coughing, he felt a nothingness into his head, but he had a desire that he want to tell them something, ask for something, but he could not to draw it out from inside. The dog looked at the boy analyzing his state. 
‘You should to take off these rugs and put on you the bandages…for now’ Tygg looked at him surprised, but few moments later he has them on his chest. He left the gloves and top of the suit, both were damaged. He will need to think about sewing a new one. He thought that the suit made by Zush supposed to be more durable or something, but maybe it was just his mind tricking him, though he was feeling now like his mind wanted him to faint in any moment. Suddenly Tygg fell on the floor, sitting. Zombie stars looked at him questioningly, and then they realized the boy is keeping the raised and trembling hands in front of his eyes.
‘Hey, what’s wrong…’ Tygg shook his head, but his lips crocked, for a while his sight gone in the darkness in front of his eyes.
‘All of this is really overwhelming me…’ then he started weeping like a small child, but with a dry tears, he started ticking himself without a control over his emotions, and then he burst open with a loud sob, feeling just like something was ripping him apart from inside. 
‘STOP WEEPING, THE HELL!’ Tygg jump scared a little in place, and looked at the angered dog, surprised but still sobbing.
‘I c-can’t control all of thiss....! This is happening by self!’ he wept and crocked his lips and face even more from the tone of the voice the dog surprised him with. Tiger put the hand on a dog shoulder trying to stop him from rampage, because he was now only more and more getting pissed off by Tygg’s behavior. Dog sighed heavily and turned back and left the building again. The silence has fallen as they both tiger and Tygg become alone. Tygg tried to stop his weeping but he could not, it was enforcing itself, just like something inside of him get out of a sync. Tiger was looking at him calmly, and then after a longer while he asked, and Tygg managed to finally calm down by then.
‘What was your name?’
‘T-tygg…’
‘I am Tigrisërüs Tardüs, but you can call me just Tigrisërüs’ Tygg felt a desire to laugh, he never heard such a weird name.
‘The other one is called Canōparvüs’ then something rolled on the floor and hit Tygg’s foot. It was a ball in the size of a tennis ball, but it was like a crystal of the amber color. Ceramic white in half with the black stars inside. Tygg put it in his hand it to look at it closer.
‘You can keep it’ said Tigriserus and Tygg looked at him surprised.
‘But don’t tell Canōparvüs that I gave it to you’ he smiled to him.
‘Huh? What you mean?’ he asked, but he did not managed to answer as the Canōparvüs returned, he called him and both left the building. 
‘I will explain you later, this is a space ship…’ Tigriserus lowered his voice.
‘A spa-‘
‘Shhhhhh’ Tigruserus put a finger to his lips. Tygg put it to the pocket bag and moved after them. They started running towards the plaza, and Tygg barely could catch them up, but as he kept running, he heard a muffled screams and roars in the distance, and someone from a pile of destroyed building was screaming for help. Tygg felt how fear is consuming him again… but he could only ignore that and fast up. The plaza was full of the dust and everything was hardly visible. Tygg must choke his breath off, because he could not inhale the dust in any case.
‘What a ruin…’
‘I…I made it all…and before?’ boy asked terrified.
‘It’s a place of the tragedy…’
‘Look, a some strange star…’ Tygg pulled up his head and ran towards it, he found damaged helmet and the stone star that was cracked, but not broken. Both of them came towards him.
‘It is mine!’ he shout towards them.
‘Ok ok…no one is going to steal anything from you…’ Pawgirus facepalmed.
‘We should return back, to our boss’ Tigriserus remind him.
‘To who?’ Tygg asked.
‘He is called Grish and he is hunting for Tyggarman…’
‘WHAT?!’ Tygg’s heart stung from a sudden blood pumping.
‘Calm down…’ Pawgirus tried to take a control, because they had no time, they needed to return to him. 
‘We won’t tell him about you’ Tigriserus smiled. Tygg was still unsure, untrusty of both of them, but…
‘Just pretend you are some kid from there’ Tygg closed his mouth breathing through his nose. What he have to lose? 
‘But we better hide that helmet of yours…’
Few moments later they reached a guy who was standing in front of the building and propping with his backs towards the wall.
‘He is there…Grish!’ 
‘You are late again’ a cold voice could be heard, he was tall, with a weird blood freezing eyes of a golden color of the pupils on the brown whites. His skin was greyish, he has a two dark brown horns on his head, but the right one was broken in half. He has a white star like horns coming from his head and following back just like of a some dinosaur. He has golden rings in his ears in the shape of stars, he was wearing a black like sleeves on his shoulders, his white torso was muscular. On his trunk he wear a black trunks with the golden white belt with the star on the center. On his wrists he has a black bands with the star like spikes. His bare foots looked like the sharply ended boots with no fingers.
‘We apologize…’ 
‘And Tyggarman is nowhere’ he sighed.
‘I’m sorry sir…’ Tygg walked forward, Grish leered at him, hmmm? Who was that brat?
‘And you…?’
‘I met them and we played together…can I come with you?’
‘No’ He growled towards him. 
‘But…’
‘I said so!’ He then rushed towards him and kicked him into the building, Tygg fell on the ground. Both zombie stars ran towards him. Grish hissed with a disdain.
‘I will ever see you, I kill you’ he walked away.
‘Are you ok?’ They helped him get up.
‘N…not really’ Tygg hissed from pain. 
‘You should stay away from him…’
‘But why?’
‘Are you joking? He is working with the Lord of the Black holes for the new territories and money!’ Tygg’s mind blanked, so he was another one who was causing others to be victims huh? He straightened on his feet’s and sighed sadly. He must keep his mood up. 
‘Why you are following him?’
‘Not from our own will, we need him to survive and he need us for his corruptions…’ Tygg was looking at Pawgirus shocked. He was not expecting that.

***
Vagös with a frail luck and the coincidence left the black dome, he moved confounded on the right and walked towards every other of them looking inside of each. He felt how something is tightening on his stomach, the bodies of them all have been completely composted with the visible bones and rotting. He didn’t know what is going on and why only him is alright, or maybe it all was only an illusion? Vagös hit with his tail, with all of his might into the dome with the closed Pete but nothing happened. Dinosaur felt likely the strike deflected itself instantly somehow… He turned back and looked around. He decided to move forward until he reached a weird forest with the snow, it was dark with the dark, shadowy like trees resembling a Christmas tree’s, where he had hopes to find anything useful, any trial… About the place where he had been and the mysterious domes. He was afraid of what he have had seen and felt a guilty conscience about him moving away from them all…
***
Tygg and the zombie stars returned to the dark small alley with the wooden box where they left his helmet. They needed to discuss few things about them and Grish.
‘But he is a bad guy isn’t he?’
‘No…his own kingdom become doomed by the Lord, he decided to cooperate’ 
‘Ah…’ Tygg hanged his head. Did he misjudged him after all? 
‘You should avoid him because he is deadly dangerous…’
‘He is right, you can’t change someone’s heart, it’s not a fairy tale’ Tigriserus agreed with his companion. Tygg was thinking for a longer while. The roars of the fighting monsters asounded somewhere. 
‘I think I will just play a lost child and see the outcome…’ He walked out of the alley, both exchanged their looks, it was looking bad…
‘But wait…’ They caught him up as he was walking the street. ‘What exactly happened between you and the Lord’ 
‘It’s a complicated story’ Tygg smiled to Pawgirus. They all moved on, and few minutes later Tygg was chilling on the roof of the breaking building.
‘I have told you…’ Grish was leaning towards the building. He was acting just like he was waiting for someone to come, completely chilling there. 
‘Tehehe…but you can’t see me’ Tygg looked proud from himself. He was now playing on the roof. Grish growled. Tygg stick out a little from behind of the building’s roof looking at the Grish from above. He wondered as if that guy is really that bad…but…
‘I think we can become good companions’ 
‘No, I don’t think so’ Grish hissed. 
‘I think you are not bad guy, these two told me that you are doing what you doing but…’
‘Life is not for the weak…’ he raised his voice and Tygg chocked on his words. Why so sudden.
‘But…’
‘You know what? I will tell you why I’m doing what I do, since those two idiots blabbed with their mouth.’ Both zombie stars looked guilty and feared. ‘Everyone in my kingdom could die from the hunger, and civic wars, do you think I am bad guy because I needed to rescue them, you fucking brat?!’ He roared and Tygg silent up. It was sudden and shocking. He sadden, and moved back sitting on the roof. Silence has fallen. He clenched his fists angered.
‘It’s all fault of the Lord of the Black holes…’ 
‘If not him everyone including me would be dying…these two also would eat them up just because of their wild nature!’ Tygg’s eyes been trembling from emotions. He only tried to sneak into his affection, but it turned out to be heavier like he never expected. And the zombie stars were bad too…? 
‘I honestly only wanted to try and get along with you…not to hear and carry your burden’ Tygg sighed closing his eyes. He will not cry, he needed to be stronger. 
‘We told you that it will be better if you leave us alone!’ Pawgirus lied to make Grish believe into them more. Tygg crocked his lips. Tygg pulled out the stone star and looked into it.
‘If I only could make that certain star to shine again… I would not be there’ he muttered to himself, but sharp elf like ears of Grish could hear him. He opened his eyes a little thinking. That brat was getting on his nerves. 
‘A certain star? You really bother with a stars you punk?’ Grish asked and Tygg frozen unable to tell anything, maybe he heard him wrong but… but he decided to opposite him honestly.
‘Yea…the stars are like a brightening stage for me’ he said with a huge self-confidence.
‘What exactly that mean?’ Tygg remain silent and Grish laughed.
‘What a waste of time…’ he moved away and everyone heard a roars of the monsters nearby of them. Grish stopped. 
‘You two take this stupid brat and move a way for a while’
‘Boss?’
‘I need relax’ they understood him, that he wanted to fight a some of the monsters, they exchanged their looks. Tygg was wondering what to do but the building he was on, had collapsed a little behind him, scared boy decided to get down. Zombie stars ran up towards him taking him away. A giant monster appeared few meters away from Grish who looked at him with a wild eyes, ready to kill…
‘We told…’
‘Eh…maybe I am too naive…’ Tygg’s hands fell and he felt a stinging sadness. They stopped few meters away in another empty alley. 
‘You know…wait in there, we will fix your suit, get you a new one and set you off ok?’ Tygg shrug and both zombie stars left him alone. He looked in the direction where Grish was fighting the monster. It was loud, full of explosion and dust from the falling buildings. He clenched his fists and decided to move away, finding another path to the alley with his helmet. Stone star released few of the black matter dusts from it. 

Somewhere in the dark forest Vagös kept moving forward. He then noticed a huge castle towering over it, and realized that he is not completely alone in there. Maybe it would not be bad idea to get in there…The soft snow started falling surprising him, suddenly a gray clouds appeared above the forest. The more he walked the more he felt how his body is slowly and slowly turning into some sort of a stone shell, a star stone shell. He sighed after few minutes of walking like in a maze and stopped. Suddenly he froze as he noticed a glowing eyes from behind of the trees and bushes. He was now on a some weird, circle shaped path. The grey wild and blood lust wolves started slowly coming out of the hiding…
In the destroyed kingdom was suspended a grave silence in the dusty and polluted air. People trapped under the hardcores, had  been screaming for help and from time to time buildings had been falling raising a clouds of the dust. It was a huge and horrorful ruin. Grish killed the monster easily and now was slowly wandering through the streets. Tygg was now sitting on the wooden box with his helmet on his tights, awaiting and thinking. He regretted meeting with Grish, it was not a someone he could trust nor either hate. Everyone apparently been under a pressure of the Lord of the Black holes.
After a half of an hour zombie stars returned with the fixed suit of Tyggarman and new orange trousers and white gloves, and also with a huge cape like suit. 
‘Oh…wow…’
‘You thank us later, change the outfit’ Pawgirus hurried him, Tygg did not asked them how they found him, but he did as they asked. Then he threw a cape-suit on the wooden box, it was black-gold and fancy just like they took it from someone rich… 
‘I don’t like the color’ Tygg complained. The top of his suit was now gray with the full black cape, so apparently they must do something to fix his old suit. He managed to move the watch on a new belt. It was just like a magnet. ‘Can’t you make it a yellow?’
‘Shut up! Whatever, we just need you to wear it’ Pawgirus pointed at the huge suit and Tygg crocked his lips, he was not fully pleased. It was short after they met, but now they made him such a big favor…
‘I must thank you someday…’ he sadden, but smiled to them. Pawgirus waved his hand arrogantly.
‘Just get it, now we need to return to our boss, for now…’
‘Do you think he will be angry on us?’ Tigriserus whispered to him, Pawgirus looked little scared.
‘Well, he will just beat us a little and that’s it…’ he said and then they left him alone. Tygg sighed wondering about them. 

Somewhere far from this place people had been falling down like a flies from a giant black hole set over their planet. It was sucking lives from them and they could do nothing as well as Zoi, who could not sense Zush energy to call him for help. The situation was helpless and no one has any chances for surviving. Zoi felt how he is falling from his legs on the ground drained from the energy. It was over, and he felt how the fear is winning over him. Part of the villagers been lying unconscious on the asteroid that was nearby to the planet, they wanted to escape but failed…
In the empty wooden house with a huge headroom in the roof, corroded by the black hole, a black mechanic war-wolf trembled all of sudden…

Tygg heard the voices of the zombie stars, it has been a one voice full of pain and asking for mercy. He frozen because he thought that they are safe…? He stuck from behind the wall of the building, and saw them laying on the ground with Grish standing over them. He was kicking them and beating them down. Tygg widened his eyes in a shock and hide back. What is he doing…?!
‘AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!’ Pawgirus scowled in a yawp, Tygg felt how an electric shock is hitting his brain and his heart is bumping like crazy. No, no…NO! It can’t be real right? They will be killed by him and he is there, unable to do anything without the stone star, that was still silent and not reacting no matter what he tried to do during that time he awaited for them…
‘I BEG YOU STOP!!!!’ Tigriserus yawped painfully asking for mercy, Tygg frozen even more. It was not his thing…not his thing…They even tried convince him to get lost, to stick off out of them…  Grish turned out to be after all not a victim of the Lord of the Black holes, but an evil fucker…who only wanted to reach his goals by doing everything…By stepping on everyone who was not loyal enough to him…
‘I TOLD YOU TO NOT LEAVING ME ALONE IN THERE!’ He roared at them as he kept meating their bodies. Tygg lowered his sight. That’s right…he must do something… after all. 
‘THIS IS YOUR LAST JOURNEY WITH ME~!!!’ He screamed and he just had to make his final strike…
‘HOLD UP RIGHT THERE!’ Grish stopped and looked into the empty street. Then after a longer hesitation Tygg with the helmet in his hands walked into the sunset, setting a long shadow on the ground. Zombie stars cussed at hearts seeing him. They wanted protect him, because they all had nothing to do with Grish.
‘You…’
‘How you dare to shine like a star on that cosmic scene, since everyone around you are feeling only a suffering?!’ Tygg raised his voice, he was now serious and he knew the words forming into his head since longer time. Just like they arrived to him from the stars itself. 
‘You are playing again? Get lost, this is my final warning!’ Grish looked mad, and crazy, he lowered his head and turned towards Tygg ready for strike, like a wild animal. But Tygg did not minded him. 
‘For lowly criminal tricks and evil ways on people, for leading us into this, surely will make you continue to get consequences!’
‘What the fuck you talking about?!’ Tygg tightened fingers on his helmet and then continued, feeling how his heart is bumping faster and faster.
‘A brightening star like a soft sound bell! Invested into a cape, a cosmic cavalier, don’t you dare to think you escape, because you will always be chased!’ Grish was observing him calmly, just as if he slowly was getting what is going on in there… Tygg very slowly raised the helmet over his head and then put it on it. Grish tightened his fists and jaws. It was him.
‘I am the hero of the star- Tyggarman!’ Tygg raised his voice cutting a dense silence. In just a while Grish was in front of him ready to kill. Tygg opened his eyes widely in a shock.
‘Wha…?’ Tygg tried to move back but he was too slow. It was buzzing into his ears from the air pressure and terrorful fear. He had no chanced for reaction. He was simply dead… 
Right before the final strike hit, a huge black hole appeared and spread over the kingdom and from it a big black war-wolf emerged and landed between them deflecting the hit just in the last moment. 
‘What…!?’
 

VOL 32- The Starion

The second clash between War-wolf and Grish caused the air to split into a shock wave, the split hit passed around the confused Tygg, staring in front of him just like he has suddenly lost his sight in a shock. The view was a little blurry but he had knew that it was black War-wolf who had came to rescue him, but why? 
‘What the…’ Grish seemed to be still confused just as Tygg right now. They both were standing in front of each other in awaiting. Tygg raised a little on his ells and his gaze sharpen. What the…
‘What are you and why you bring here a black hole?!’ Grish growled at the War-wolf but the robotic being could only remain silent, but what was weird now, he appeared to have a barely visible thread connected to the blackhole above their heads, that was coming out from his chest, just like it was attached to him like his life source…
The War-wolf twitched a little and then roared raising his head into the sky, just like a bloodlust werewolf howling towards the highest moon. Tygg trembled in fear, realizing that somehow now both of his great opponents are here, with him completely useless and defenseless, but what should he do…but also…wait, did he just blocked Grish from hurting him? But maybe Tygg should think about backing off? He hated that idea, and that was the worst possible scenario and a deep of deepest scar, a wound on the courage he have carved to face Grish and to save Tigrisërüs and Canōparvüs from a sure death… Tygg slowly raised on his feet’s and Grish looked at him from over a shoulder of the War-wolf.
‘You think you will escape me? I will rip every single planet, kill every other people and destroy anyone on my way to get you, and all of this, all of these combinations of events will be your, and only your fault…everyone will die on ahead because of you…’ Tygg felt how anger is filling his chest and how tears are bamming into his eyes again, but he knew that he had to endure his provocations, and that right now, for whatever reason the black War-wolf has been a living shield to him, defending his life he had to conserve, but in any case… How the hell he supposed to take both of zombie stars with him? Should he order to the black wolf to get on Grish? He wasn’t sure, not sure of anything at all, it was ringing in his head all of sudden and he felt how the pressure is raising its levels inside. He looked up into the sky and his eyes widened from a fear, it was all black, all black from the gigantic, spread all wide and cross black hole he had never seen before… Who’s was this doing? Tygg felt a bit dizzy, and now he realized that everything around them is slowly consumed, as the black hole was ripping apart the planet sucking inside the black matter from it. Tygg clenched his fists and looked on the sandy dirty ground. It was again caused by him, a death of a planet, him, again, a bringer of death and despair…why there can’t be a happy ending at least for once? The stone star glowed a little with a weak white light, and all of sudden the black wolf rushed at Grish pushing him back, forcing him to react quicker than it was really possible for him. It was not his speed, not his level, thought he had many fights before, this thing was beyond him… Tygg ran towards beaten zombie stars. 
‘I’m so sorry…’ he said with regret mixed with raising fear and desire to weep, once again… he hated it all over again, once again… 
‘S-stop this, leave, he can’t kill us…’ said Canōparvüs and tried to raise on his weak hands, Tygg wanted to help him, but wasn’t sure how he supposed to grab him properly… Tigrisërüs sat with ease, but Tygg thought that he must have been hiding his pain behind his backs, after all he appeared to be the most tough from all of them. 
‘I don’t even know how to call you…your names are so confusing to me…’ Tygg smiled sadly from behind of his mask trying to convince inside self to gather all possible courage and blow it like a balloon into him. They needed it to burst open, just like all of them right now in the battle vow…
‘Ugh…you may call us just…Pawgirus and Tigrisus’ said Canōparvüs, a very first shortcut of their names that had came to his dizzy head, all was spinning and sometimes become more gazed, though both of them tried all their best to remain conscious. Tygg smiled and few tears came out from his eyes. 
‘Okay!’ 
Grish kicked the War-wolf into the closest building burying him under the pile of bricked walls, then turned towards all three.
‘I…I won’t let you escape, I will kill you…right there’ he panted, surely the black wolf gave him a very hard time, his whole body was trembling from a fear, just like this whole time he kept running from his opponent instead trying to block him, kick him off… 
‘Like I let you…’ said Tygg with anger wiping his tears, it can’t be like this anymore, never ever anymore… if he won’t become tougher this mess won’t have the ending, he will be crying all over again and running away… He should step on, the next step in his degree, he must change to be able to block all this black matter around him and become a sure hero of the justice a real real justice… His gaze sharpen, his eyes changed, he wasn’t sure if that was only a role play of his, or that the tougher side of him took all the control over him, but for now it must have been done properly… He need raise a goal to keep moving forward. He must become invincible like he had no emotions, or remorse, or maybe even a soul…
‘You almost died before and I will continue this!’ Grish rushed once again towards them, but Tygg somehow lost himself somewhere inside, somehow his mind was absent and he was not noticing Grish anymore, just like every fear disappeared from him. Grish was only a fly, or a rock thrown towards him, and he only had to block him…
As the Grish put all of death into a decisive strike and Pawgirus and Tigrisus curled down closing their eyes, his arm hit a sudden flashy-glassy barrier which was throwing away and a many small lightnings around them appeared, and then, just like he was a piece of a little flake, his whole body was pulled up by the invisible force and thrown away with a huge impaction. Tygg fell on his knees and felt how his whole body was trembling… what was that? He could not find the answer, he just likely regain his conscious and the memories of what have happened few seconds ago flashed through his weak and tired brain. The stone star in his hand faded in on its weak light, and the small and another crack appeared on it, something like a black smoke flew away from it. Tygg decided to stand up quickly and then he helped the other two to do the same. Grish came back covered in madness but before he managed to reach them the black wolf blocked him and the force form an impact of their clashes blew them away near of the alley where Tygg came out from. 
‘Ow…ow…’ Tygg hissed from pain, both zombies closed their jaws trying to endure the pain. Tygg opened his eyes in panic, they had to move! He pulled one and then pulled another and both of them been thrown into the alley onto the wooden boxes knocking them over.
‘What is this crap?!’ Pawgirus yelled at him, and Tygg jumped over him covering his mouth with his hand.
‘I’m saving us!’ he whispered to the surprised Pawgirus. ‘We have no time to waste or think, it’s all over if he reach us…I beg you, trust me this only one time…!’ Tygg lowered his arm and Pawgirus only twitched with his lips, he had nothing to add in such situation, he can withstand the pain at any time…
‘Look, something is there…’ Tigrisus pointed at the boxes and Pawgirus raised his eyes open.
‘Ah! I have…I knew it was inside!’
‘Guys…I beg you…shut your mouths…’ said Tygg looking behind himself but things been probably under control for now, he still could hear the blows and strikes of both of them fighting somewhere near to their location…
Pawgirus took the thing out of the box and put straight in front of them, it was something like a bronze robot, but apparently has been shut down for a very long time, probably was not working anymore. 
‘What is that?’ asked Tygg unsure, and then the two walls between buildings where they have been, broke with a huge impact. The black wolf was stamped into the wall and was not moving, his eyes been still were glowing but now the light was slowly blinking. All of them knew who is coming and all of them needed escape, the shadow of the serial killer was slowly coming closer and closer to the alley entrance… then the robot suddenly opened his eye and warped them sucking into a white vortex. Grish looked into the alley and only hissed from anger, he was beaten on his body pretty badly, then he looked at the big black War-wolf and thought, that he might still have any use from it… The black hole in the sky started eating the whole place more angrily, just like someone freed it out of the boundaries… 

They all warped somewhere on the lonely asteroid, for their surprise, a huge stolen suit was with them too! The robot was levitating little over the surface and was slowly moving through their faces likely analyzing each of them.  It had round head, with two things coming from both sides of his head like a thick antenna’s, his lower body was in the shape of a reversed drop, he has a one big eye on his head, and the broken clock mount into on his chest, he had a two weird tentacle like sharp ended arms, with he was swaying up and down as he moved towards them, similar to the snake movements. 
‘….What are you…?’ Tygg broke the shocking silence and asked firstly, the robot moved towards him, looked into his face likely analyzing something and then done the same thing with the other two. Was he taking their pics for something? Or simply recognizing them as not enemies? He suddenly beeped and all of them jump scared back from him. He was looking confused. 
‘Probably…there’s nothing to be feared…’ Tygg lean forward to look at them and laughed nervously from their stupidity. It was just a robo… 
‘Yea…probably’ Pawgirus burbled little irritated, it seems like he return back to his bahavior after they become more safe, Tygg sadden, to think they are as arrogant and selfish like Thub and Grub… he sighed heavily, he must not longer think about his past, nor past companions left behind because of him being an useless piece of shit… 
‘…don’t be low on your spirit…’ said Tigrisus and gave him buddy hug. Tygg smiled, he wanted to know what he is feeling right now but he had no time to gather any thoughts, they needed to rush and move forward. 
‘So you are now free to do, any ideas?’ Tygg put his stone star to the small bag on his belt. His new belt was white but looked the same as before. Top of his suit was gray and trousers were orange, with white boots and gloves. He wondered if he can get back his yellow one. But he was surprised that they made a copy of it…or maybe fixed it.
‘We guess we will pass, we need to go on our way’ said Pawgirus arrogantly. Tygg sadden, started thinking…
‘That fancy suit will help you kinda become undetected for now, so better wear it…’ he nodded to him, but still tried to think out about what he needed to say to them before they depart… all sort of weird emotions been into him, but he had to endure, be brave and proud…maybe even more arrogant as well, as them, to change the direction of his ongoing fate.
‘I guess…do you believe into me after all of this?’ he asked them, all of sudden, because somehow he needed even smallest confirmation to continue all of this. He wear off his helmet and put it next to the suit, robot once again started analyzing him, but this time its eye hung on him for much longer. Tygg ignored him, zombie stars looked at each other. 
‘We believe into you’ said Pawgirus.
‘We can only hope the best for you’ said Tigrisus, Tygg smiled and hunged his head closing his eyes, the coldness of the cosmic space was slowly calming him down, he felt like he has returned back to home after a really long trip.
‘That ball…’ he remembered himself and pulled out the weird ball with the stars. 
‘Just clench your hand on it and then throw it, it will become bigger, you should understand how to control it, it’s easy’ said Pawgirus and both of them turned back to him. 
‘You said…that it’s important to you…’ they both stopped, Tigrisus looked at Tygg and said cheerfully;
‘Not as much as important for you now…’ and both of them bounced from the asteroid and flew away into their own ways, leaving Tygg once again alone, all with himself without any compass or idea of the place where he have been… the robo was beeping from time to time among the calm cosmic silence. Tygg sighed deeply feeling how tiredness is slowly overworking his mind, he really stuck and had no really choice to go anywhere, maybe things would be easier if anyone was with him… maybe he should use the compas to go back but…he was now freed.
‘Husker…’ he murmured to himself but though the robo caught it up and was beeping questionably, Tygg lowered his head and his thoughts rushed fast, that’s right, he was still around there, but… but does the black hole ate his planet since he departed? Tygg sadden, but straight up, and after he made a serious face, there’s no time for this… he raised his head and looked around the black space, where he supposed to go right now, where would be good starting place to keep his footsteps up to mark the course of how far he have went? He definitely needed that, just to grow up, to become serious, he was not a child anymore, he supposed to stop being one, maturity and seriousness are goal and key to defeat the one who surrounded this world in the darkness. Robo beeped and moved slowly towards Tygg, the surprised boy looked down at it and before he managed to do anything the robo placed one of his arms on his head and then it turned its head to the right and with another hand it shoot a thin beam of the light which stopped few footsteps from them, and then spread in front of them like a rolled out wallpaper. Tygg opened his eyes widely in a shock as he saw Husker through a light blue ‘screen’ with the thin lines on the screen surface. Husker was standing in front of the black hole… Tygg knocked arm of the robo and rushed towards his friend, he doesn’t know where it leads!
‘Husker!’ he yelled and what shocked him, the dog turned back towards him and both of their eyes met since a very long time. 
‘T-tygg…’ the dog looked like he chocked on his own words, on the other side he saw the same screen but connected to the side where tiger boy already been. 
‘It feels so unreal…’ Tygg smiled sadly, he did not know what he should think about all of this, but in other hand he felt urge to hug the one he has seen. Husked walked few steps towards the screen and both of them stopped in front of each other looking into themselves. 
‘Those wounds…’ 
‘That’s nothing, I am alright’
‘I see…’ 
The awkward silence has fallen between them, just like somehow they forgot their own languages, just like the tongues got frozen and their minds empty, none of them knew how to craft words any longer… Tygg munched his jaws and then opened them trying to tell something but then immediately he closed them, Husker gulped, something bad happened, something changed, for worse, between them…
‘Do you think that everything is alright?’ Husker asked because he could not endure this awkwardness anymore, he consciously felt that something is dead between them, or maybe that at least something changed since last time they both had seen each other. 
‘Yea…’ Tygg humbled and then he felt how tension is raising into him, he had completely empty mind, he had not anything to tell or share with Husker…his whole journey was not even rewarding at this point. 
‘Why we can see each other? What about the doggie?’
‘It’s some trick of that robo behind me, you really see me?’ Tygg asked full of pressure, because maybe the way they were connected was not proper and might turn off in any time.
‘Yes, just like you do me…’ he smiled, Tygg forget that he was speaking in such a weird dog manner, Tygg smiled to him but his face was showing off fear as his stomach bumped and rolled upside down from all emotions into him at that moment.
‘I’m so glad you are still alive…’ Tygg sound like he is about to weep but he forcefully kept himself up…
‘What about the…’ Husker tried to push him because he felt like something is wrong judging by Tygg’s eyes.
‘…and the doggie…I did not managed to rescue him…’ 
‘Did not…?’ Husker looked at him questioningly, that was not what he expected to hear from him. 
‘Yea…all this crap failed, I should be aware of that…’ Husker was observing him for a longer while, he sound not like Tygg he knew, he was using much stronger language, something been really bad there…
‘You must not stigmatize yourself…it’s not your fault’ he tried to sound natural.
‘I am piece of a loser, but I’m going to change that’ Tygg kept speaking, he lowered his head a little, ignoring the friend of his, still subconsciously trying to judge over himself in front of the only viable judge who could call him off and tell as if he had done wrong…at least he was thinking alike…
‘That…?’
‘Yes…I was thinking about it all, about all I lost and what happened during that journey…you know?’ Tygg raised his head fastly and looked into his eyes, just like he wanted send him a message from depths of his own heart. The dog realized that there’s so much heavy grudge inside of his look, the way he was looking at him has made him feel like he also was carrying some heavy boulder… Husker lowered his head a little, he looked now more gloomed, just like he had not any pleasure of hearing Tygg at this point any longer, in fact he and Tygg met back before he departed and both of them promised to each other, that they will meet once he find out what is going on. Husker knew that his goals are meaningless, but he didn’t tried to bring him back to the ground, yet inside he was feared about the fate of the little boy who always shared with him the same world. He didn’t knew that it will turn out like this… He spend lot of sleepless nights and days full of gagging fear that was consuming his stomach, knowing that all his dark thoughts and fears might come true… till now.
‘You doesn’t sound well…’ the dog assumed and Tygg looked at him with angered and serious face, he did not count that as an insult, but more like a child treatment, but he stopped being the one very very long ago and now he supposed to be proving that even to his own childhood friend. He must finally show him that he is not a kid anymore, it was very important for now, because it was impossible to tell when and if, they will ever see each other again… even as if anymore at all…
‘Husker…I’m going from now do anything in my might to take on the Lord of the Black holes, to get him and to took him down… a lot happened, a lot died on the way…because of me…of my childish naiveness…’ Husker opened his mouth a little, that shocked him and at the same time it cleared his doubts, he lowered his head even more, thinking.
‘You sound stupid…’ he said on what Tygg snarled.
‘I just grew up, just like you said many times to do, I honestly feel responsible for what happened…’ Tygg felt a desire to cry like a little kid, after all what had happened to him, the only person who could cheer him up and who could understand him…acted towards him coldly and…and…like that…
‘I don’t give a damn crap about what happened…that’s the problem’ said Husker feeling how anger and disappointment are filling his mind and thoughts, what the hell supposed to be that? That was not him…
‘Huh…I am the hero, I even had lot of battles you know? I only must get tougher and then I can surely help deal with it…’ 
‘You did not meant to become an egocentric idiot, right?’ said Husker still looking into the ground, the straws of the grass were passing by him on the raging wind among with the pieces of the ground, the swirling black hole was lazily consuming a good part of the planet and its black matter… even from his own body, but for now it didn’t felt like it’s any big problem through something was stinging him from inside… but it was not that serious. 
‘Oh c’mon…I really had a lot of bad things happening to me on the way, even few moments ago I barely escaped from a death threat…I made a decision…’ Husker squinted his eyes a little, he barely in fact knew what Tygg had met, but for sure he knew that he is right now very afraid…pitiful, stupid, annoying…
‘You are afraid right now…right?’ the boy asked but tried the best of him to not tell rest of his doubts, he supposed to make Tygg crawl the best possible out of this, not ruin him even further…he must keep in mind…
On what, on his words, Tygg looked at him out of the clue with a semi opened mouth, his thoughts has been fasting in his mind, and the words of his best friend were slowly reaching to him. 
‘I…? Afraid of…what…?’ 
‘Tell me, what have happened to you..?’ Husker couldn’t pull it off anymore as he asked raising his eyes at Tygg, he was really pissed inside but his calm nature was lowering his frustration and impatience towards his behavior. He didn’t wear any stupid masklet at this moment like he did this whole time and he was ready to face the matters of the facts. Tygg looked at him little scared, he gulped but he did not respond, he lowered his head and blinked few times feeling how the stinging feeling is appearing inside of his eyes again. What happened to him…? Maybe after all he really was stupid…naive, pitiful and annoying?
‘Do you still remember yourself from our old days…? Tell me what have happened to you? Where is that old light which was shining in your eyes, is that possible that… that from our old dreams, there left nothing into you and you don’t believe… almost into anything anymore…?’ Husker threw away all what was buzzing into him at the moment. He lost his patience, he knew that with Tygg is going something very very very bad and that he should at very least try and minimize the internal damage this naive tiger could done to himself through his stupidity…
‘I…’ Tygg sadden and felt just like someone punched him, he understood where Husker leads…
‘Maybe this is the right moment to talk with each other more without any lies, to support each other more, maybe it won’t be too late to catch up the lost time because of all of this mess…’ Husker continued, but now calmed since he felt that Tygg started slowly fighting it all, reverting back inside of his mind, Tygg could only listen to him, feeling how embarrassment is filling him from his feet’s to the top of his head…
‘I really do not know…I really do not know…Husker…’ Tygg sniffed with his nose trying to not cry, emotions started pushing from inside of the back of his head. The memories slowly been flowing in…to him.
‘Why would you believe into all of this piece of crap around you? If there’s still so many truths hidden into you?!’ Tygg remain silent, but he slowly started trembling, he blinked his eyes once, he opened his mouth and closed it, he already knew where it all leads.
‘Don’t force yourself and throw away your fear and sorrow, it will fade away that evilness brisk into your eyes…’ Tygg clenched his fists and gulped feeling how he’s struggling at very moment to not burst into tears as they been slowly forcing inside, bamming from behind into his tired eyes. The robo behind them beeped few times analyzing what is happening. Husker was right, he was acting like an idiot, gazed into the fog around him like a loser… Husker was looking at him knowing that his words worked, what a naive little guy, he must been babysit by him even right now, but he won’t be pointing that out, because there’s something for him to remember what is very important for both to move on…
‘Remember yourself the old dreams…’
‘The Starion…’

It happened 2 years ago when Tygg was only six years old, back when he was still living with his uncle in their poor little village…
‘My god, that’s a lot of packages sir!’ the adult tiger guy laughed as he was standing in front of the doors of the big white house in front of the white husky guy with the black accents on his fur. They both laughed having some nice chit chat and the little tiger boy was licking the ground behind them, moving his leg back and forwards looking around the village, he knew that it was very rich village and that it was not in good relations with their own, the very very poor, but still happy! village… The boy then spotted a white husky kid sitting on the roof of the another building, he knew that he supposed to not move away because his uncle took him on his delivery job under special conditions, but since both adults been busy with the talk… he sneak out softly and ran towards the house with the husky kid. 
‘Hi…’ Tygg smiled to him and Husker looked down into his eyes with their own, blue, sucking but at the same very noble and cold…
‘What you want…’ Tygg looked confused and lost his confidence right there, he thought about escaping back to his uncle but there was something into this kid that kept him at place, just like he was binding him with the gravity of his eyes…
‘I…I am Tygg and I am six years old…and and…you…?’ 
‘I am Husker and I am older than you…the point of what?’ Tygg looked nervous and even confused, this kid was speaking in such a strange manner, little tiger felt even a bump of tension as he was also looking back unsure at his uncle as if he is still chatting, but he was surely busy with his packages…
‘I am from that another village’ 
‘Oh…’ Husker squinted his eyes and slowly began to understand. ‘That another village…’
‘Do you want befriend?’ Tygg smiled cheerfully and enforced the most happy grin he could pull out.
‘No’ 
‘Huh?’ Tygg looked scolded, he blinked few times as he could not understood what happened, but…but he sure was nice to him, why he behave like that…?
‘TYGG FOR GOD SAKE!’ His uncle yelled at him.
‘Uh oh!’ the boy ran back towards his angry uncle.
‘I HAVE TOLD YOU TO NOT TALK TO ANYONE OR TO NOT BOTHER ANYONE THERE!’ he scold him so madly, the husky guy was looking with disgust at him and that was the thing what made Tygg burst in tears while trying to tell his deeply apologies. Husker was observing that scene thinking…
The adult husky guy who was wearing business suit came to the Husker sitting on the roof and looked at him angrily.
‘Don’t ever talk to this brat again…’
‘That won’t surely happen…’ the boy respond but with weird manner in his voice. That day Tygg made a sensation around himself in the rich village…

‘Why we can’t befriend with Husker?’ Tygg asked his uncle as they both been moving back to their village, the wind was nice and gave them away the refreshing. 
‘Because we are different people to them’ his uncle smiled but also tried to not show off his irritation, but somehow Tygg read that it all was only a masquerade between them, he looked behind and tried to think up a plan to visit Husker again…

‘I have package to Mr. Husker!’ he yelled in front of a big solid gate doors but no one respond from inside. Tygg looked around for the opening but he finally gave up on it and yelled few more times and the gates opened and he saw the husky boy in them. 
‘What you have for me?’ the silence fallen between them as Tygg could not believe that his plan worked, he was looking into him for a longer while and then remembered himself.
‘Ah! I came to see you!’
‘Huh? So no package? By then’
‘Wait! Please!’ the gate slammed. Tygg was standing there trembling from excitation and sadness at the same time and he finally burst out… but tried to cry soundlessly to not give away the impression of himself, if possibly Husker and people in the village may be hearing. Maybe the another day…
On the next day the result was the same, on the another the same and again and again, Husker finally stopped coming out to him, even if Tygg was asking through tears… Few weeks passed, and Tygg was not trying to come back to the other village, even though the kids in his school become more and more mean to him and his uncle had to go on the travel to do his delivery job… Tygg even thought about giving up at all on the little dog boy, but somehow his mind was non-stop telling him to keep trying and not giving up. Even when he tried to silent it off…
‘Ehhh…I wonder what Husker might be doing now…’ on the one night Tygg woke up in the middle of the night after hard day where everyone in the village had been non-stop having something up to him. He could not sleep well either was feeling stressed out before the dawn. The minutes been passing and he was still lying with the crossed arms behind his head watching the ceiling with his mind almost free from any thoughts. Sometimes when he had good mood, he loved doing that for the sake of joy of flowing time, but then he was mostly done before sunrise and kept sleeping during the classes. How lame of him…
Tygg get up from bed and looked towards the window, no one has been awake…He had no plans to going to school today, because they had the day off… He hurried down the stairs and then outside and then through the gate and on the hills, it was first time when he done something like that and he instantly regretted it as the imagination was giving him the death threats, as he kept looking after a wild animals ready to hunt him down… People in the village always been telling them to not go outside after the dusk but… He hold his breath and fasten forward blindly, through the road, straight, he knew that will be possibly good.
‘Tehe, no one saw me, and now I’m going to sneak to his village under night…’ Tygg was proud of his plan and completely ignored what he will do or where will he hide when he did not make it in time, or when he won’t leave before the dawn. Time kept passing and Tygg didn’t know if he is getting closer to Husker village or not, in the dark somehow it was much harder to measure the distance… but finally, he have made it! 
‘Oof, gladly I’m finally there…’ he sat on the grass and breathed deeply with the fresh night air, the wind was nice and it was pretty warm night during this season, where normally they have been rather colder… he looked at the village surrounded in deep sleep, it was calm and nice, there was no people, no big deals or problems, he could be there and just watch it… His uncle told him that people in there dislike people from his village due to their status… He wondered why? 
‘I wonder if Husker is up…’ Tygg yawned deeply and lied on a soft green field looking into the stars with sleepy eyes, he was so tired of the way he passed, and the grass was so comfy… He closed his eyes and then opened them rapidly with a heart racing inside of his chest. He sat and looked around. It was still night, so he did not fell for it… He get up instantly and raced down the hill to not waste time, but then he saw someone sitting on the roof of the one of the houses and his heart bumped faster, he already knew who he is…
‘I won’t let you to stall me again…’ Tygg growled to himself and fasten forward. He jumped on the wooden fence and climbed with his claws on it on the other side, landing painfully on his tail.
‘Aw…ow ow ow…hnnn…khhhh….’ he tried to not shout from pain and he bite his tongue. The person slide down from the roof. 
‘I came here for you Husker…’ Tygg said to himself building up the courage through the pain.
‘And I am here’ the voice could be heard and then a light from the lamp blinded Tygg. The husky kid was looking curious, but also a little upset, but Tygg was too busy covering from light to even wonder why.
‘Hi’
‘Why you bother me?’
‘Huh? Because I wanted befriend you…’
‘Why you coming back after me, I told you I am not interested’
‘You…didn’t…’ Tygg stopped there and now it reached him, Husker was serious about that…right? He was not playing with him…he really…was trying to avoid him… Tygg hanged his head and felt how tears are bumping upon his eyes, but he tried to endure it, through this whole time he thought that maybe he will become a friend to him…since…since no one…was…
‘I just like you…’
‘I don’t’ Tygg felt a stung inside, he chocked a little on his salvia but endured the scratch in his throat. Maybe he was overthinking, but maybe he should give himself the very last chance before they go apart for good.
‘I’m sorry…for my insolence…I just felt that maybe…no, I’m sorry…I…’
‘Leave me alone…’ Husker turned back to him but at the same time it could be tell that he is now more curious of Tygg than spite of him…
‘I won’t…!’ Tygg raised his head and looked at the dog with strong eyes and their eyes met directly and then a spin of an invisible shock came across both and then somehow Husker turned back to Tygg. 
‘Are you serious about this?’
‘I wouldn’t be wasting my time if I weren’t!’ the boy tried to not yell but raised his voice and Husker show him to shut up…
‘Alright, but shut up…’
‘I’m sorry…’
‘Come after me’ and they both moved on, he carried him under his house where he has been sitting on its roof, he placed the oil lamp on a big wooden box and then sat under the wall and raised his head.
‘Uh…huh? Is there something?’ Tygg asked looking after his eyes into the night sky.
‘Almost anything’ Tygg looked back at him.
‘What?’
‘You won’t understand…’ Husker smiled and then ignored him for good, Tygg looked into the sky once again and then moved to sit next to him. 
‘What exactly you see there?’
‘Hopes? Dreams? Freedom and everything desirable’ he said and Tygg noticed that he once again was the stupid one. Maybe he was with his nose way too close to the ground to see the same as him… and then the first doubt started tackling his conscious, maybe he was too stupid for him to befriend…He sadden.
‘I don’t understand…’
‘Was never expecting much from you’ Tygg sucked his lips under the upper ones, he noticed what he tried to say and it made him feel even worse.
‘Can I come anytime soon after this?’ he tried to change topic and to maybe even finish it as soon as possible, he didn’t really liked Husker, he made on him wrong impression…He was not on his level…
‘People from there feel they are higher over you so no…’ and now it became more clear to him…
‘Why? What wrong with us?’
‘You are poorer’
‘And? Can’t they…’
‘I know what you want to say…’ Husker cut him in the half way ‘…but that’s out’ Tygg shut and felt terrorized inside from such a mindset, it was not their fault that they were poorer…but maybe everything became too serious, and they both always been just kids…
‘Well…’ Tygg looked back into the stars and was wondering about what Husker said, and what started slowly becoming more comfortable with his own world views… 
‘Hmmm?’
‘I want try us out…and find that one polar star to carry us through our different lives…’
‘Very well...’ 

The night passed rather quickly and Tygg had to evacuate from the village, but they agreed to meet in few days again, since Tygg must rest after coming such a gigantic distance between two villages…
They kept meeting, but only two times once per week, sometimes longer, but they slowly became friends. Tygg learn about Husker that he is really a lot more melancholic, but stoic guy, he likes to be lone wolf guy and just is playing tough. He ignored all of that. It was more important to him to finally develop a real friend…
‘Hi there…’ Tygg entered the grounds of the other village, but Husker did not respond. The boy passed by him but Husker was not moving, nor closing the gates, just standing there…
‘We have made a mistake…no, you told me bunch of lies’ 
‘What…’ Husker said nothing. Tygg walked towards him and felt how his heart is bamming from fear. Something was wrong and just on the days it happened to without warning. 
‘Get lost…you carry only about yourself’ Husker did not looked at him as he left him, the gate was crack open allowing the moonlight to come in forming a small path of light. Tygg was standing there for a good moment and wind was washing his fur, then he decided to catch up the dog boy and put things clear.
‘What happened, you don’t like me anymore?’
‘You lied to me about yourself, why else would I need?’ 
‘I did what…?’ Husker ignored him but he stopped few steps away between them. Both of them were standing, one scared to death, one passive but mad inside. And then Husker before Tygg could even react turned to him and pushed him away. Tygg fell on his backs and yelled from pain. The dog said nothing, just was watching him and inside he was fighting with himself about what he just had done, but after all it was fair…no more lies, no more conflicting situations or unclear things. 
‘Get lost’ 

Days kept passing and passing and it slowly become colder in the world, and both villages been preparing for the fall and winter time. Though much warmer than our, still little cold. Tygg cried all the way back and all the another day after happening, he could not understand why and what he had done to Husker to deserve such a cruel treatment. He eventually stopped trying to get over it with him, as he still kept pushing on Husker afterwards, but on the same time, Husker stopped showing up on the roof. Maybe because of Tygg “tries” or either of a weather, but he completely gone and there was no way to contact him, same for Tygg’s uncle… 
‘You don’t look well Tygg, anything happened?’ Mrs. Giraffe asked him at the school during their lesson, but he only murmured something back and the rest of the class laughed him off… 
The night come across the village. Tygg was standing in the window and watching clouded sky, should he go, or there will be rain, should he go, or there will be rain? The time passed, and he eventually come eat some fresh fruits on his dinner. Should he go or there will be rain? He took a long bath thinking, or rather trying to think, because his thoughts were completely blank, and the warm water, though nice, was deconcentrating him, it took him a good hour to get out from a nice hot water, but it was so hard to dry his fur… Should he go or there will be rain? Nothing happened and he just fell asleep in his bed, with a blank thought to skip school on the next day…

‘What lie did I told you?’ he yelled lousy to the wooden gate. No response, but he kept trying, and trying and then got madly driven off by the Mr. Rooster from Husker village, because he was annoying to all other people with his behavior. Tygg was standing on the hill and observing the village, and eventually Husker shown up and climbed on the roof. Tygg felt relief on his heart, but he did not screamed out his name, he decided to take distance between both. He spend on the cold air a whole day sitting with the Husker and observing the sky, he caught a little bit cold, but he did not bothered, he observed him as he is coming back home for dinner, but he did not bothered of his empty stomach. He kept wondering what he should do to tell him sorry, but it all went on nothing and ended up on naive thinking. The night eventually came over the village and hills and Tygg tried one more time…
‘I’m sorry!’ He yelled but he tried to be not so loud, just in case, but he didn’t know if Husker is hearing him. He asked again, waited…knocked into the gate and asked again. Silence.  The boy climbed on the hill and looked over the village. He left… 
Backtracking made him even more sick and his empty stomach was hurting, and his tired body wanted him to fall asleep without waiting him to return home. Back way was a torture to him, and he felt like he unconsciously carried with him a huge amount of water beneath of his eyes and heart, lungs and all over his painful body. He skipped this week of school and completely ignored Husker for the end of the month. He could not enjoy anything at all. He just had it… and all fall into a ruin.

‘I should n-never come to see h-him…’ he wept into the pillow during cold night and hardly could shut himself up since he completely lost control over his emotions and hurting heart. He completely stopped attending school for now as he simulated his illness, partly worse than it indeed was. Tygg’s depression started devoting and growing stronger, though he didn’t understood what is happening to his little body. The painful week has come to the conclusion and his illness had to be carried by the adults since he completely messed himself over… Some time passed again.

‘Everyone close their houses!’ Tygg looked through the window of his room and saw the village head who was standing in front of a group of obscure looking guys, Tygg noticed guns on their belts and hold his breath, it was first time ever bandits had come to them…he heard about them being a trouble to the other villages but everyone was saying that they are way too far away for them to bother… The head of the village, Mr. White Badger asked them to come with him deep into their village, and few moments later they all left them with the bags full of something. Tygg knew it was their money, their savings for the dark hour… He felt robbed personally, he felt waves of regret and rage, but he could not done anything with it. Mr. Badger never shown up until rest of that day, Tygg was worried as if he was killed by them, but nobody was telling anything, on the another week… Tygg wondered as if his uncle got murdered by them on his way with the packages, but just as in the first case, he could only be thinking.

The next week had better weather and the sun come over the hills. That day Tygg once again started thinking about Husker, though he was feeling much brighter on his health. He was sitting on the bench in the full sunlight trying to energize his body, he learned from their teacher that sun batches are healthy, especially when you are ill. His fur become softer and warmer and he was feeling like in heaven, that was such a warm day… 
‘Did you heard that those bandits from back then tried to force that rich village?’
‘On the other side of the hills?’
‘Yea…surprisingly services stopped them and even killed two…’ 
‘Oh wow…’ 
Tygg opened one eye and tracked the two people who were discussing, so apparently, they tried to make more money from Husker homeplace huh? But at least he was safe… Tygg sighed and closed his eyes and raised his head towards the sun like a sunflower, he was wondering about differences between their villages, even Husker couldn’t explain him in details what is the big deal in there… he suspected that maybe one day they have had been a one village, but after a fight or something, they get apart…just like them…
‘I never was lying to you…’ he muttered to himself against his own will and straighten up opening his eyes, the black-reddish sparks appeared in front of his eyes, he sighed and tried to get up but lost a balance and fell on the ground grabbing the bench’s sitting. 
‘Uh oh…’ he was feeling a bit dizzy, but after all it was all his fault that he oversit in the sun from a selfish pleasure. He moved back to his house and barely reached his cool bed where he landed immediately to cool off himself in the pillow. He was lying there trying to gather his mind, but he still was feeling like the world was spinning inside of his head and outside, it took him a good few minutes to get better. He opened his tired eyes a little and started thinking about the warm weather and Husker…maybe it’s not a bad idea to come and visit him tonight…for the last time, because it all went just too far even for him, though in fact his subconscious was in bitter painful devastation about the outcome of their “friendship”.
The night has come in the blink of the eye. Tygg ate light yogurt and salad-based dinner to not overrun himself for his traversy, and when the all lights gone down, he left the house ready for the long journey to the last frontier…
30 minutes has gone long.
‘Hey…it’s me, Husker please…I saw you…open the doors…’ Tygg waited few seconds without response, he tried to listen to the inside of the village to hear if the dog is climbing down the roof, or if he is saying anything to him but all was silent. He even hesitated a little in fear to run on the hills and recheck for the presence of Husker on the roof but before he decided the gates opened.
‘You have got last chance…liar…’
‘I never was lying to you…’ Tygg said with the cheerfulness, glad that somehow Husker changed his mind, and he proceed towards the gate and for a while he saw a little wag behind the dog, he then realized that he made him happy which gave him another repeate of the courage…
‘So?’
‘Hmmm?’ Tygg turned to him little worried about the outcome, maybe he should not go into these words…
‘We are starting this anew under the Starion right?’ 
‘Starion?’ Husker pointed into the sky and Tygg followed him and slowly started understanding. He saw a giant endless sea of stars, bigger, or smaller, lights crafted onto the black dome over their small pity heads, who could only dream about reaching it…
‘I don’t know if I understand you but…’
‘Just stay you as you…’ Husker lowered his voice and head looking at Tygg with some weird eyes that made him feel frightened. Tygg once again looked above. Starion…huh?
‘Shouldn’t we give it more meaning?’ he asked with little let down in his voice on what Husker smiled and wagged his tail.
‘By what?’
‘Huh?’ Tygg looked at him surprised, he didn’t understood.
‘By what you want measure the meaning of this?’ Husker raised his head and he gone in thoughts. Tygg was observing him for a while feeling how a hot feeling is slowly growing into his chest, his heart bumped faster and he felt burning on his face, probably caused by cold night, but maybe because of the very first feeling towards the guy who stand in front of him. It was not love, but companionship, if that made any sense…at least for him in his head… 
‘Say Husker…’
‘Hmm?’
‘When we grow up, we will be able to measure that?’ Tygg followed his head and looked into the giant sphere of lights. Husker did not respond to it, he didn’t know, and since then he gave him no response to it, never ever…
‘The Starion?’
‘The things…the Starion we want to come true, measure…’
‘…If we keep going towards it…’
They spend a good few minutes standing in silence and observing the night starion sky above them. The future they will reach together and die together buried among the star sea.

Now when Tygg returned to reality with his thoughts, the pain in his chest become bigger, it stung him to the raw bones and beyond, beyond all of his nerves. He realized that how life jibed from him and Husker, and from everyone in this world… Why this all must be so damn painful… He put his hand on his chest and felt the beat of his own heart, then he felt a regret and ragging sadness behind of his eyes. His depressive mood was kicking the motor-drive of his existence once again…but he didn’t planned to give up on this right now…not right now at least.
‘Husker…I’
‘It’s ok…I should enter that black hole right?’
‘NO! You can’t! You will end up on the slavery moon! I beg you…I’
‘Alright…’
‘Huh…really?’
‘I know the situation is helpless for me and all of us on this planet… did you ever saw what happened to the grounds where your village been?’ Husker did not moved but everything in the few miles behind him turned into a big crater of the rotten dirty brown-darken ground. The black hole managed to eat a good part of the area and it was still going good. 
‘I don’t want to know…’ Tygg clenched his fists and lowered his head but then he pulled it back and looked into his eyes with anger and determination. 
‘Please, endure as long as you can…I will come for you…’ Tygg lowered his voice in fear, he didn’t wanted to jinx it just like he did many times before, what he realized just now… then something pushed him, he ran towards his helmet, returned with it in his hands, Husker looked at it with full seriousness. 
‘Ehh…you really want become this?’ Tygg pulled it on his head and smiled.
‘I am the hero of the star- Tyggarman!’ he said calmly smiling. 
‘You are…?’
‘I won’t give up, I will be forcing forward, even if they shut me down!’ he raised his encouraged voice. Husker smiled.
‘We will overcome this invisible wall together…’ Husker said smiling and wagged his tail. Ruined tail.
‘We both will reach the Starion!’ Tygg raised his voice full of power and motivation to go and keep going, that’s right…he completely forgotten about Husker, what ashamed him inside, but he tried to kept that deep into him for a longer while…
‘Definitely…’ suddenly the connection between them shut and Tygg shouted in fear, he turned back to the robo and saw him lying on the ground, he trotted towards him and checked, apparently he lost too much energy…but he still had to tell Husker about other things…but…
‘That will need to wait…’ he said to himself and straightened up looking into the giant cosmic maze in before of his eyes. 
On the planet, Husker was clenching his fists watching the spot where the holographic screen zapped away, his tail was almost missing, eaten by the black hole, his fur on his backs was jagged. He gulped and sighed, moved around the gigantic black hole and stopped in front of it few meters away. He took a wild rock from the wasteland and after short hesitation threw it into the hole. It crashed into small pieces and was eaten. 
‘As I thought…’ he felt how fear is raising into him and how everything becomes more and more impossible to overcome, even if he wanted, he can’t enter the black hole, he can’t escape the planet, he can’t change or turn his life on a proper, laneway tracks… He looked into the blacken sky. Everything was set to zero…
Not even Starion can measure the terror of this…

Tygg clenched his fists and looked back into deep black space, few comets passed by, and some flashes brightened in the distance. He felt pity and regret, he knew that whenever he go or do from now, the planet he left is gone under black hole consumption, maybe even people been still alive, maybe it was still possible to save this place from disaster…
‘I won’t forgive myself this…’ he return to his regretful high and proud tone, probably Husker speech didn’t taught him anything, but maybe somewhere inside of his little heart, it planted a change under Starion promise of their both’s future. Tygg closed his eyes and then put his helmet off and tightened his fingers on it. He felt sucking, dry feeling into his eyes, was unsure if it was tiredness, or maybe another phase of his mental issues, but he tried to endure it and to concentrate his thoughts. His mind felt like a maze, like a thick substance where he couldn’t pull off anything or escape, if he stepped too far into it… He can only from now soar on his faded and shattered wings, because there’s no one for him, to help him in his vain. Tygg looked at the robo, he probably can carry him with himself… He looked back into the deepness, there was no shooting star which could be marking his road, or wishing for him a good luck. He then realized that after all of that he doesn’t know who he is, he was free from now, only had to cover his identify… He wear the giant suit he got from Tigriserus and Pawgirus… yea, he thought that at least tiger name was easier to change than Canōparvüs, or maybe he should just drop their weird accents and just flaten them? Tigriserus and Conoparvus… yea… just like Vagos, in fact he didn’t realized till now that sometimes he was calling him like this….
‘Ok…it’s time to go…’ Tygg clenched his fists and hesitated about his helmet, what he should do with it…
‘You are not going anywhere’ Tygg raised his head, the low deep voice asounded behind him, but…that was not Grish, but who? He slowly turned back and faced a tall, edgy looking tiger persona. He had horns on his head, black furr on his torso, as well as fur sleeves on his arms. On his head he had white mohawk-like hairs which were splitting in two behind. His eyes were wild and like of a dangerous beast. His face was marked with various marks; on his snout the marks resembling a mustaches, above his eyebrows he had three small dots as well as on each of his ears which gave an impression of piercings. His mouth was marked with black, looking just like he had a lipstick make up. On his muscled arms he had two equal stripes with a three sharp points on each side, coming to the inside of his muscled arms. On his wrist of his left arm he had a black band with the spikes. His fur was dark orange beside his throat and down on his chest, till his crotch with a fancy bush covering his private spots. His legs had same sharp markings as his shoulder arms, but little longer. His tail was all black with white orange ending with fancy fur around curled top, his legs had “boots” made from black fur, all his claws were black too. His knees had white circled spots on them. He seemed to be happy from seeing Tygg.
‘Who…?!’
‘I am Goggorott’ he cut him, and smiled with a wild grin and then unexpectedly he pulled out his sharp long tongue. He was feeling wild and horny full of blood lust.
‘I am one of the immortal stars you had met before’ 

VOL 33- The Goggorott

‘So you are fourth…’
‘Exactly’ he grinned with a wild look on his face, full of pride. 
‘Can you help me?’
‘Hm?’
‘I need find a way to get back to the village where is Mr. Zoi and Zush’ he didn’t know why he asked for that, but maybe he wanted to see what will happen.
‘Ah…I am afraid I don’t I know the way there, but I know better place…’ he walked towards him and squat in front of him. 
‘W-what…?’ Tygg felt a pressure of his presence as he was staring into him with a wild look. It was terrifying and somehow similar to the feeling he had back then with the Oilmp.
‘Wanna have fun?’ he asked but it was more like a threating.
‘I…huh?’ 
‘We will have wild ride…to the place full of pleasure…’ he said with nasty and psychotic grin. Tygg started moving back and dropped his helmet and then he stepped on the suit too big for him and tripped back on his tail. Goggorott get up and walked towards him looking at him with a disdain and murdering intentions. 
‘I have found you…my replacement…’ he whispered to him with deeper voice and Tygg looked into his eyes with a helplessness. 
‘What you want? You are a bad person?’
‘I am…it was me back then with you but I took body of my companion’ he grinned and his face turned into more demonic. 
‘I am the worst of your nightmare…’
‘Ah…’ Tygg remembered Oilmp…no, it was him…the same demonic pressure beaming from him, but now stronger.
‘Ya, see, I get back to my original body and smashed his into pieces…’ he leaned down towards him and then made a nonchalant bow to Tygg just like he tried to show him respect. 
‘You returned to hurt me…after all…’
‘Hell no!’ he growled and sharply pulled his head to look into Tygg’s eyes with his eyes full of fury and evilness. He felt a desire to kiss the boy.
‘Then…’
‘I came to fucking rescue you, you are lost, aren’t you?’ he asked and his voice changed into more curious.
‘I…I wanted just go and see what is around’ Tygg couldn’t make his voice snap out of shaking and fear, his heart was racing and his body was trembling frozen. 
‘Exactly’ with a one sharp hand movement he ripped his new suit which supposed to cover him, into pieces, grabbed him under his arm and both warped leaving the ripped elegant suit and Tygg’s helmet on the asteroid. The robo’s eye blinked few times, and it slowly was regaining strengths…
***
Vagös smashed head of the two wolves who jumped on him, then another one he send towards the tree breaking both in half, his insides landed few meters away in the snow that sinked red, filling it with the blood. Another wolves jumped but ended up as rest. Then something weird happened, the ones which was hiding among the bushes, started howling and then a huge explosion spread among the forest setting it in fire. Vagös managed to escape it but he was little hurt, then the wolves came out of their hidings and now they became huge muscular werewolves with a white blind, glowing eyes…
‘…I can deal with you all the day’ giant said lowering his voice and rushed towards the one, and then jumped right and at the same time he bind his tail around his neck and pulled him down smashing it on the frozen ground. The snow splashed around, and then the giant moved towards another two and jumped forward punching them in their guts and sending them few meters away, where they landed whining in pain. Wolves decided to attack all at once, but then a flashlight from the flames hit the eyes of the giant, and then the true massacre started for them as the spots on his shell, dark, burnt like body started moving in the light of the hellish flames….

***
Goggorott and Tygg warped in a completely different place, still in the space. Tygg now realized that they are in more lifeful place, but the first impression of it was not good. They were surrounded by something that looked like a rounded but also squared beings, which were slowly moving through cosmic space, they appeared to have empty eye holes, and their skin was looking like a greyish-brown dried ground, which had a broken square thick pieces coming above its surface, it was looking like they were dead and already rotten, but there was no smell. Tygg tried to not to scream, that look scared him, also he noticed that this part of the space had more blighting lights shining to them, just like where he been was some sort of wasteland…
‘What are those?!’ Tygg raised his voice but Goggorott covered his mouth with his giant hand, Tygg felt that his fingers were covered with a black pads as well as some part of his palm. His touch was soft and nice and that shocked him the most after what he had shown to him.
‘Shhh…! Let them be dead in peace…’ Tygg thought that his heart will stop, he looked at the beings helplessly, they were really peaceful. But dead, they followed nowhere, but forward, and eventually destroying their bodies on the asteroids, or some stars…
‘Where we are…’
‘In better place’ he grinned, but Tygg felt that he is only toying him.
‘No, seriously, where?’
‘You see, the world you had been in is a dead area, this is the real world of the all star beings, a true universe’ Tygg was looking at him for a few moments, but then he realized. So indeed it was a wasteland far back in that previous cosmic space, so this is why there was nothing…
‘I see…so this is why it was so empty’
‘Yea, we moved all space life in there…’ Goggorott said ironically, but he was observing them with some depth on his face. Tygg felt that his heart is bumping faster when he was looking at them, in such a deep mental state. He was a bad person…but he also had something Tygg desired, but he couldn’t call it better than ‘freedom’. He lowered his head and clenched his fists. 
‘You are such a terrible guy, treating me like you did and keep going…’ Goggorott sighed tired.
‘I’m only doing what I want, do you know how many people I killed, ruined their lives? This is also part of the freedom, to take it from someone else…’ he looked down at him with his wild eyes without lowering his head, just like he had no respect to the boy at all. Tygg looked back and then he felt so tiny against him and the life, once again something on his way tried to make him looking like a piece of shit…
‘But why…’ Tygg asked with sort of a sadness into his voice, Goggorott raised his eyebrows, he asked a very good question.
‘That is such a valuable question…’ 
‘It is?’ Then the tiger grabbed Tygg’s throat and tightened it, Tygg tried to scream but he couldn’t as his throat was slowly been crushing in a powerful grip. He felt for the very first time a real danger, it happened too fast and just when he got better and made a promise with Husker… No! Please…not now, not yet, someone…
‘I am free, I will be killing you right now, because I want…see? You slowly dying, only because of my own will, I am taking your freedom to live from you…’ he looked into dying eyes of the boy with even more wilder look, full of killing blood lust, lust to hurt, lust to destroy, everything on his way…as he pleased, do as he want… Tygg’s fear had grow, he never saw something like that, he was crazy, he was insane, a real danger to everyone and he could not defend anyone or even himself from that… it was not heroic, and once again everything up against his desires been proving him down, pushing him down and down into depression.
‘You…..!’
‘I am taking a freedom from you…I’m going to take all I want from you!’ he released his grip, Tygg started spluttering and coughing, he felt that his throat is damaged and his Adam’s apple is little crushed stinging him with a pain. 
‘But…I only intended to killing you, not to kill you, you see? I am your ally, but that doesn’t mean I will be light for you…I will play with you a little more when I feel I desire more fun…even more than this…when the right time come…’ he lowered his head and growled his words towards the boy, who was massaging his stiffed throat. He felt that his body is little colder than before and he felt how he is slowly fading into the darkness…
He woke in the comfy bed in an unknown house, he felt a hard dizziness as he pulled his body sharply to sit. He looked around, then hopped out of the bed and ran outside of the wooden house. The world he has been into was bright and the sun was clearly setting, there was lot of foggy sparkling bubbles around and the grass was looking like a pale green, probably in the light of the yellow orange sky, the thrown shadows were setting the mood. 
‘I am…alive?’ 
‘Yea…’ Tygg turned back quickly as he heard voice of Goggorott, and he saw him sitting on the small wooden area that supposed to connect doors with the terrace. 
‘You…what you want?’
‘Nothing, I’m just sitting’ he was not smiling, but he looked downed, just like something bad happened. 
‘Don’t come to me…ever’
‘Nah, I feel little guilty’
‘NOW?!’
‘Yea…’ he sighed and asked Tygg to come and sit next to him, boy hesitated but he come and sat, tiger grabbed him under his arm and hugged. 
‘I will be from now more polite…I’m sorry’ Tygg felt how he is unconsciously holding his breath and feeling into his heart bumping, he was scared right now that he will once again lose it and will try to hurt him. Tygg suspected that Goggorott is only toying with him to gain his trust. He released him.
‘You can’t be acting like that…Goggorott’
‘Yea…but I was unsure if you are good enough for me…’
‘Why?’
‘Ehh…I want someone to replace me as an Immortal Star in the future, so I could enjoy more of the physical life…’
‘But you have…this world…and’
‘I was lying’
‘What?!’
‘This is only world of the stars, the real world is down in that black wasteland…I only wanted to make you impressed’ the silent awkwardness has fallen between both, and Tygg hung his head thinking, so it was even worse scenario…huh? Not first time, but he still couldn’t get used to the bad news…
‘So what happened that both worlds are not one? Wouldn’t that be nicer for you?’ 
‘No…’ Goggorott closed his eyes and also hung his head thinking.
‘Please don’t tease me, just explain’ Tygg looked at him.
‘That world down below, had been consumed by the black hole…but we destroyed it and this fucker want recreate it using star doggies energy…and maybe he is looking for something more…which will give him more than he desires’
‘The Lord…’
‘Don’t call his name, of that fucker, all star beings are hiding there, where he has no power or can’t come…’ 
‘I see, but I don’t see them…’
‘Then go on the walk’ Goggorott smiled to him and pushed his backs encouraging him to go. Tygg lost his balance and almost fell but then he stepped tighter on the ground. He stood there for a few seconds and was thinking, he turned back to look at Goggorott. He felt a weird sensation and was blushing, he pushed him more like he wanted just touch his butt, that was embarrassing.
‘You are much nicer than before…I guess’
‘Oh don’t you say…’
‘I mean…you are lonely right?’ For a while Tygg thought that it was bad question, it was weird to Tygg, but the boy apparently gained a conscious of being harassed. So another sign of maturity huh? But why that cruel?
‘Pretty much’
‘So let’s become buddies!’ Tygg proposed him full of cheerfulness, and then turned to face him, Goggorott looked at him with a wise looking face full of thoughts. 
‘I can’t ensure that I will be a good boy’
‘It doesn’t matter, I think you can change if you want, you are still a child at mind, like me’ Tygg grinned to him and Goggorott choked on his laugher, Tygg knew that what he is saying is stupid, but he decided to at least try, after all he is like Kaen and Zush, he is one of them, so there must be some goodness into him, deep into his heart.
‘Go, before I change my mind and will want get you down…’ he sighed and his tone changed, he sounded like it was such a bother to him from Tygg’s logic. The boy lost his smile and his lips twitched a little and then he get away slowly, thinking if he will hunch on him like a wild beast on his prey... but nothing happened. He proceeds forward, and realized that he is able to breathe again, the air there was lighter and felt like a pure gas, it was weird. Then he saw that a white vortex is opening and from it jumped out four star beings; an orange-white star tiggy, something that looked like a beige round thing with spiky tri-horn head with a white colored aura, something that looked like a star elephanty, but was purple-grey, and the star doggie, but Tygg noticed it’s more sharper on his face than the other star doggies he had met. All had auras in their coloration. Tygg lean towards them to greet them.
‘Hi, little ones’ he smiled, probably for the very first time it was really honest smile from his delighted heart. All star beings responded in a lousy greet. 
‘Who are you?’ the spiky star being asked.
‘I am Tyggarman’ Tygg realized he can just hide his identity for fun, actually it made him feel better at heart and soul, for such a while in this journey he could honestly be truly happy for a few moments.
‘Hello Tyggarman!’ they all jumped in place and cheered him. Tygg felt that he got a little moved by them, they were so careless, so tiny and needed someone who will protect them… but then he realized that only the doggie was not like them, he turned towards him and tried to greet with him too.
‘Hello…’
‘Ok’ Tygg straight up confused, it was so sudden, the cold voice of that weird looking doggie caught him off guard. What was wrong with him?
‘You should let me finish my sentence…’
‘I don’t care’ he then jumped away leaving them alone. Tygg looked after him for a good while, it was weird, why he is reminding him his star doggie? Star beings looked unsure and scared, just like something from that doggie worked on them. 
‘What happened to you?’
‘That doggie…he arrived after us, and back then he was so cold and not so nice for everyone…definitely he is not good’ the little starry tiger murmured, but Tygg could hear him. He looked back again, after the doggie…
‘I must go, thank you for the meeting’ he smiled to them and left, all curled together still in fear, didn’t knew what they should do… 
‘Hey, wait’ Tygg ran towards the doggie.
‘Why’
‘Because I want befriend with you’
‘I don’t need that’ 
‘But you don’t know me…’
‘Get lost’ Tygg stopped and he felt that he made something stupid, the doggie proceed forward completely ignoring him, just like it also had no goal to met. Tygg clenched his fists, if he won’t keep pushing, he won’t know, not like he tried to made up a lie about past star doggie, but he felt that this one might help him to find himself a little… 
‘Wait’ he ran towards him again.
‘What you want’ doggie faced him angered, now his voice changed to more high pitched, he was looking terrifying to Tygg for some reason. 
‘You are so tiny, why you bark at me’ Tygg then cursed himself at mind, what pushed him to say that?
‘I can bite you if you won’t get away’ doggie turned back offended and angered and fasten forward. Tygg has stood in place for a good while observing him. He was exactly the same doggie from character to him, but in fact, his desires made it up… He walked forward after him, but only to see where he is going, he passed by the house where Goggorott was sitting and observing him, with the eye corner. Tygg noticed that he gave him a deathly look. Tygg frightened and hurried just to be behind of that house, he just now realized that he left his helmet on that asteroid. He will need try and leave this place to get it back…and also that robo. The doggie glowed once and Tygg stopped with bumping heart. He felt something terrifying from him, just after that short blink. There was something bad happening with him…
***
Vagös fell on his knee after he lost his berserk mode. The wolves somehow managed to call out another werewolf, but that one was black and bigger, stronger, and wilder, he has a white tail and paws and chest and ears, red glowing eyes, and longer fangs pointing from his lower jaws. 
‘He…he…he…it’s no good’ Vagös panted and felt like dizziness is overwhelming him, the flames around still were dancing in their hopeless, endless hellish dance. The only thing he could think about was now how to make his spots activate again, since the flames were not working anymore on him, maybe the source of light faded, maybe they were burning out and that’s the case… Vagös raised up and rushed towards the werewolf who was breathing heavily with his stinky breath, that was turning into a vapor on the cold air. Giant jumped forward and rushed with a powerful tackle directly into his gut, but the werewolf only was pushed a little back, with his powerful legs breaking the frozen ground under them. Vagös jumped back, he then tried to make him land on his backs by swinging his tail to trip him down, and it worked, but the werewolf eyes glowed as he immediately used his arms to resile from the snow to land back on his legs. Vagös cussed at soul, the werewolf used his palm to throw a powerful strike, which send giant flying far behind the circle of flames. He fallen hard in the snow splattering it around. He struggled to get up, but he forced himself to do, if he wouldn’t then he would lose chance to try and save everyone behind. But maybe it would be better to play dead? Maybe… 
Werewolf raised from the flames as he rushed towards him, Vagös countered him with a body slam in his guts again, and he eventually pushed him back. He panted and then fall on his knees again. He hunged his head trying to catch a breath, but the more he tried the lesser he could. Everything was fading in front of his eyes. Werewolf howled towards the moon. Vagös lost himself in thoughts, exactly why he is even bothering if he was always a loner? It’s not any bullshit friendship, but he subconsciously had some goal with them, something he wanted to know…he slowly started remembering himself back inside of the other dimension, as he was swallowed by the black hole, but everything was fuzzy and fogged. He was now there alone, with his thoughts, everything faded away, gone, every sound. He is…who exactly, why he was even born…for…
The werewolf howling slowly was reaching his ear, but it was like he had returned from somewhere where it was muffled, he looked at him with his tired eyes and then he raised his head and then saw the brightening full moon.  His eyes opened wide and shrunk as something suddenly took over his body and the spots started moving again. Something stronger than before started growing into him, and then a powerful wave of star energy came out from him causing a shockwaves. He started roaring in fury and his eyes turned all white. In a castle Lord and his companion reacted to the powerful roar he let out. After few seconds his eyes returned to normal and then Vagös sharply lowered his head and looked with his ragging eyes towards his enemy.
‘Now you are fucked…’ he said with a growling echoing voice, likely from his shell, he needed to finish that quick, and werewolf rushed towards him, he did the same, but he pulled and bind his tail around werewolf neck and took him down with a smash, and then he sat on his backs and pierced his pointy hand through his spine, where it was in the level with the werewolf heart. The being fade out a last weak snarl and then stopped moving. It was dead. Vagös rolled from him exhausted, and landed on his backs breathing heavily, his eyes were close, he knew that he can’t look back because of the moonlight was still there. He gave out a last deep sigh, and gave up.
‘My body can’t move…damn it’

***
Tygg was standing behind the star doggie which was marveling over the views of the star world, resting on the edge of the cliff, still filled with a soft grass. Somehow it was familiar to him, but he couldn’t remember why, so many days were lost to him and all of that started bothering his little head, that maybe he could regain a chance to regain even smallest part of the dead star doggie… He was sure, that this story is about him, but it turned more into a horror to him. Today he knew that it was just him stack-stuck into the illusion he made up over his self-confidence. He wanted repair everything if will be able to… 
‘Maybe you will after all want to get into relation?’
‘No’
‘But you have nothing to lose…’
‘I said so’
‘I said so too’ doggie turned towards him, he was not angry but little surprised, just likely it was shocking to him that someone don’t want to give up like that.
‘Then what? What you have to offer to the little me?’
‘I…I can be your protection, from all bad things..’ he hesitated, as if he was unsure if this time it won’t turn out like the last time, but… doggie was observing him just like he was able to sense his fears.
‘I said so, no’ he turned back and the silence fallen. Tygg clenched his fists, somehow the doggie was familiar, somehow something was there in the right place…he felt that his fears might come true, so he put everything on the risk, and spoke what he thought he should, just in case…
‘I…I want to remember you…just like a good dream, please don’t wake me up…’ the silence fallen and Tygg felt that what he said was stupid after all, but the doggie twitched a little, just like he got a shiver, but apparently he was listening. Tygg felt like somehow it was their last meeting, he felt sudden sadness and desire to cry, he clenched his eyes, tightening the bamming tears, just like they wanted forcefully open an invisible depressive doors. Full of upcoming emotional disaster. Why it always must end up bad like that?!
‘…I…I… I know that I was not able to do things right, but…’ doggie slowly turned his head listening, but Tygg had closed eyes in fear so he could not see that moment. 
‘I want…then, as you are there, I know which words should I use to you…!’ he raised his voice and unbreakable seal broke and few soft tears ran away down from his eyes. 
‘Never say never again to me!!!’ he yelled to him unable to force his tears to stop running. Doggie turned his head back, and completely ignored him…
‘I just want everything to be like before…’
‘it won’t be, get lost’ Tygg felt again threaten and feared, he gulped, pulled up his snots with his nose, and then turned back to return to the wooden house. Just like on an order.

Don’t push on playing a cynic!
The world won’t give you much applause for that…
Don’t tell that in love everything already have had happened…
It’s not true, untrue, untrue!
So stop straining bad words…
and with that gloomy look, stop too…
For you a life is like an endless roulette!
For me it’s a deep cosmic ocean, on which;
Surely, we will find out a love yet unknown!
Will shoo away the darknesses, that are hurtling on the mind!
Will mark the land of the lovers- length this, and weight that!
Lovery hungry, lost ones,
Who will teach ourselves in that country since of a first day,
A words used by the natives… 
We will find out a love yet unknown!
On the land of the happiness will carry me on the one day;
Your arms, and a Magellan’s ship!
Heart of your, compass of mine!

Tygg was lying on his crossed arms at the table, he was sad, but also felt fear, somehow the meeting with the doggie as well as made him hopeful, as well made him fearing about the future, he knew that, that doggie was connected in some way with his one…
‘You are going to lying like that whole day?’ Goggorott came in, he was as usually treating him highly, Tygg looked at him and then hide his face in between his crossed arms, this moron slowly started working on his nerves. 
‘I’m speaking to you’
‘Fuck off’
‘Uh oh, you pray to not done that by me, but just being fucked…’ Tygg sighed, what he is blabbing about again? And the boy get up from the table and passed the tiger which grabbed his hand and pulled to himself. 
‘I am father figure to you now so…’
‘No, you aren’t, let me go!’ Tygg tried to pull out his hand, but Goggorott started crushing it in angry. 
‘What you are doing?!’
‘I told you who I am to you, accept that, you have no other choice, it’s also my kink…’
‘Your wha…oh ok!’ tiger released him. Tygg started massaging his wrist. But what he meant?
‘I feel bad about that one star doggie…it did not wanted to befriend me…’
‘That sharp looking like?’ Tygg turned his head.
‘Yea…’ he forget, that he saw them in the past minutes. 
‘Ehhh… what to do with you…’ tiger wondered, Tygg gulped, he didn’t wanted to be his victim again. He just shrug, Tygg now wondered why he provoked him, his gut rolled from raising fear. 
‘I will be now serious…so listen to me!’ Goggorott squat looking at the boy, Tygg once again gulped as he sensed the danger coming from the level he was on. Will he hit him with his head in the nose?
‘I’m now fully serious as I am living there too…that doggie is a dead threat’ Tygg looked at him full of shock, what he was talking about?
‘Wha…’
‘You noticed that black tail and black dot on its back he had?’ Tygg now realized that indeed doggie had a black tail, the boy hanged his head slowly full of fears, there was no way…
‘A Black Hole…marking?’
‘That thing will need be killed for the sake of our safety…’ Tygg sharply pulled his head up and looked at the tiger with fear and shock painted on his face, his eyes become glassy. 
‘No…you can’t’ he shook his head while still looking at him, but Goggorott kept his serious face, and then Tygg’s head bumped faster than before. He is serious… 
‘Do you think I am mocking you?’
‘I…’
‘You doing self-mockery brat, stop being naive about this world or you will get killed by everything…’ Tygg gulped in fear as he lowered his head, his sight froze on the dusty wooden floor. The boy clenched his fists. As if…
Time was slowly passing and they remain frozen towards each other, one of them full of seriousness, one of them full of disdain and fear, the wild wind raised outside and the sky slowly started covering in the dark clouds.

Back on the cliff, the doggie couched a little and the black dusty matter ran up from his body. 
***
Vagös started struggling on the ground trying to get up using all his will power, but he could not as his body was somehow unable to do as he pleased. He cursed himself at soul wondering if the werewolf is really dead and won’t suddenly raise up for revenge. Something moved among the trees and then giant has heard a pitched voice who was nastily giggling just like it made a prank on someone. He tried to roll his eyes, but barely could see anything. He tried to stop his bad thoughts and fears and concentrate on listening. But he couldn’t recognize the shadow figures.
‘I am sure that it will finish things off for sure this time.’ said the person.
‘I hope so, that brat is a great danger to us…’ Vagös froze shocked, as the voice belonged to the Lord of the Black holes.
***
Tygg return back on the cliff and the doggie was still there, what surprised him, the weather was wild and just like on his planet, just like he really had to turn into a black hole at any time, but Tygg didn’t wanted to let that thought drilling his mind. 
‘Hi’
‘Oh you…’ Tygg smiled cheerfully and waved with his tail shortly just like it was a whip. 
‘I thought that I was pitiful back then…and please don’t comment that’ doggie remain silent, what made Tygg more confident, but maybe he was not just listening to him…
The boy sat next to him on the edge of the cliff, he tried to just observe the horizon without looking down as he was afraid that he might fall.
‘You know…I always was getting hard time from life…’ he started and the doggie still kept his silence.
‘Maybe something in this vast world is hating on me, maybe something wants me to get back on the ground…but I…’ he hung on his words just like he realized that he is trash talking, and that there is no real development between him and the doggie. He was still hoping… He hanged his head closing his eyes and sighed.
‘You probably don’t give a shit about what I said?’ he smiled, and felt desire to laugh, because of his language and how stupid it was of him. But doggie did not respond. 
‘I know that I won’t be able to bring him back to life…’ Tygg raised his head and started swinging his legs, now hanging from the cliff, he started marveling what left to marvel because of the darken horizon.
‘…but I don’t feel either that it’s impossible to find him out into someone else… I wish to be able to, just like he could somehow return…’ 
‘I don’t care’ doggie respond and then silence has fallen between them. 
‘I knew you will tell that’ Tygg said with a resignation, but he sounded happy, well, that was hard, but he tried to not have any hard feelings, as he understood the doggie, though not that much. Back on the village planet, the light toward the sky that Tygg shot, waved and disappeared in the sharp fogging pull out, just like it lost all of its power…
Vagös was feared of what he heard, he needed to escape from there as quick as possible and find Tygg and warn him, for the very first time he felt such responsibility to protect someone. He tried move his body struggling with heavy limbs and then his body bounced a little, and fell on the stick which cracked making a lousy echoing sound. The shadow figures turned towards it.
‘Shhh…someone is there…’ Lord of the Black hole said lowering his voice.

Tygg felt tired of the doggie for a while, and returned to the wooden house, to take some rest. He warned him about Goggorott and told him to hide somewhere. He was hoping that at least the doggie care about his own safety, he did not meet the other star beings, but he really wanted befriend with all of them. He fell asleep quickly in the warmth of the bed, as though the weather turned cold outside. Goggorott was nowhere in the sight. That was a good sign, as the boy thought.
On the next day Tygg couldn’t find that doggie anywhere, and the sky and weather returned to its peaceful state…

Vol 34- The Zombie Stars

‘Did you saw him?’ Tygg asked Goggorott, but the tiger only looked at him with the partly sad face, just like he felt pity towards the boy, he turned back to him.
‘I didn’t’
‘Yea, sure…’ Tygg mumbled and moved opposite way to search for the doggie again, in hope that he is still alive. He still had so many things to tell to him, and it all forced itself on their path, just again… as if the universe tried to make it up for him, to never get in touch with the star doggie again. Tygg stopped at the cliff and looked at the marvelous horizon, maybe he should understand finally and for good accept the rules in this life? He after all made promises with everyone and failed them, not from his own blame, but because this life was hurtling him in such a hateful fate. He wondered that maybe it would be better for this world to not exist. He gulped and with a released breath he hanged down his head, looking at the grass. He was non-stop bringing a despair to everyone he had met, even to the death zombie stars from before… he did not knew about Kaen’s fate or Goggorott suicide, but still only Zoi and Zush were safe for some reason. He wanted so much to learn the truth about this… He sadden, as he really really really wanted to save as much people as he could, but in fact he was still too weak… and then it reached to him, that everyone is fighting harder than him, building their houses, against hateful fate and moving forward…but he stuck, he was always lacking. Maybe doggie after all was the same…maybe he just wanted to get away from him? Because he is cursed… Tygg tightened his eyes trying to not listening to his dark thoughts which started penetrating inside of his skull. He opened them and the world became more brighter somehow, more colorful, or maybe his issued mind was playing tricks with him, as always… 
He then felt a disdain to himself. If that doggie was killed by Goggorott then it was caused because of his danger, and that was just a straight fact. Nothing more to accept. Nothing else. But he still been doubting as if that was right at soul, he could try and save it. The stone star glowed a little and then something caught his eye, and he turned back, and for a second, he saw the shadow of that star doggie. Right, it was world where death is coming more easier, where even souls are resting, from what he had told him… Goggorott knew nothing about it, just him. From the other day. Tygg learned also to hear out the voice of his own heart, he put a hand to his chest and felt into a bump of the life-giving natural force. What if Goggorott will decide to pierce through it for fun? Will he revive him or left him? He must not allow it… Once again, he looked at the horizon. Today he was playing with the star tiggy, as the one who caught his sympathy. Opposite to the doggie, cleverer and chit chatting. Today and yesterday were profitable to Tygg but right now everything was too foggy to remember it. He still had Husker. Tygg hung his head once again, while standing turned back to the marvelous star like horizon. It was such a meaningful when he thought about it. But not aware, just back behind of his conscious. Tygg sighed, people all around…down the cosmic space been building their ruined planets anew, struggling to raise from their fall. And what he achieved? Only pitiful darkness. It will be like that for the very last time this time…
Tygg looked up and the wind has blown with a warm breeze, it was nice wind, full of naive childish hopes. The star doggie… it all gone wrong. All, all, all wrong… The flame connecting them burnt out. Tygg felt that he is knowing about himself even less than before, that something was changing him over the time when he heard from everyone how he supposed to live, to be. With the toying around, the failures of his life, he never realized when life caught him by his hand like adults do with a naughty kid. He just tried to look back and to ignore all of that…yes…that hurtful truth. Tygg clenched his fists. For the very last time with fear. He felt this time a burning feeling into his chest, just like before, when the doggie saved him. It was his light that supposed to guide him through this endless labyrinth. He knew, inside that something will give both of them strength, that love, that is still somewhere into both of him and the doggie. Till that flame is burning, everything may be happening from now. He knew it for sure, somewhere behind… His hands trembled, a little. Everything is possible. He felt a sudden sadness and desire to cry. All over again, a cynical disaster of his little mind… He raged inside and the heart stung and burned. He felt that something inside of him was growing. Then for some reason he felt a desire to leave, escape, somewhere far far. Not because of cowardness, but because something… something inside… 
He felt like he was broken apart from the enormous power. Something wanted to tear him apart. 
‘Tell me doggie…is that possible, that someday it will be possible to free out away my soul?’ something once again blinked caught by the corner of his eye. He sighed and closed his eyes. He knew that this is time to depart. To leave there that dark part of himself, and going back down to the darkness hell. He knew that the footprint of the doggie are left into him, that the music of his voice is still playing into him… and also his tears dropping for the possibly very last time, on the grassy field. And also, a huge grief.
Because the world has gone wrong.
Because this world was all wrong…

Who never loved, won’t know how heavy can be a single tear,
Who never went on that war, won’t know these scars,
Who was not loving, doesn’t know a thing,
Who was not loving- only jokes,
Who never heard, those warm words,
Who never lost anything,
Won’t understand what does real pain means…

Tygg was lying in the bed and thinking about this place. It has only that one house, just likely prepared to him, it had even the same bathing place as bath at the village planet. Just like someone, maybe even Goggorott made it just for him. All was made from wood, to the point where everything was mixing together and making Tygg feel dizzy. But he was strong. He had no bad feelings, or thoughts, he decided to get good with the doggie for sure this time, for long? He couldn’t tell, but for sure he knew that he will, and must endure it. He sighed, he felt bored, there was really nothing to do and he supposed to go and search for the robo. He surely knew how to connect both…maybe he could even send him there to him…?
Goggorott appeared in front of his sight, Tygg almost screamed, he did not heard him to snuck into the house. Tygg sat and his lips twitched a little, he was not happy from his appearance, he needed some rest and peace. 
‘Please…go away for now’
‘Come to take bath’ 
‘Huh’ and then tiger grabbed him shocked, and then he took him to the bathroom already prepared for a hot relaxing bath, he pulled all clothes from him and looked at him with a grin.
‘Heh, such a small…’ Tygg did not understood him and his intentions, but he quickly entered the tall barrel bath. Why he felt that he was saying about him? It’s no good, what the hell! Another time when mature awareness hit his conscious. Tygg did not liked it, he had subconscious understanding of physical maturity, at least he had been reading in the books about that, back when he had inspiration for the school. He started realizing how grudging and cursed is the world in real.
‘I am not in the mood for your weirdness’
‘Chill out…let’s have fun time together’ Goggorott said it with some sort of wickedness into his voice as he was walking and entering the bath. He sat opposite to Tygg and then after a while Tygg felt that his big foot is forcing him against the barrel, likely he wanted immobilize him. 
‘What are you doing?’ He tried to sound normal.
‘I don’t know what you talking about, I’m just relaxing and pleasuring myself’ he yawned and then hung his head back opening his jaws with a deep sight. Tygg felt that his foot is forcing stronger and stronger. He felt a despair. Tygg hold his breath and remembered what happened before. He supposed to get out and run as fast as possible. 
‘Satan Christ…just chill’ tiger growled and pulled out his long tongue. ‘Have pleasure…you are maturing boy after all…’
‘I…uh…can you take you leg back?’ 
‘Oh…I never noticed’ his foot released him. Tygg took a deep breath, he did not really noticed, but that forced foot against him took a good amount of breath from him. Tygg felt something weird, just like stress and hot bath relaxation mixed together leaving on him an uncomfortable feeling.
‘I am really scared of you…’
‘You should…I never ensured you that I won’t hurt you again…’ he yawned again just he was toying with him. Tygg gulped but then he tried to relax. His body was trembling, he wanted to cry.
‘So…what happened to that doggie in real?’
‘I had to kill it’
‘What…!?’ Tygg felt a cold wave inside, he could not believe. Everything inside of him had stopped.
‘It was causing a danger to everyone, tis is not a place for black matter, yo’ know?’ he changed his manner of speech to more shortcutting, baby like, just like he got too tired from a hot bath. He sighed deeply again.
‘I’m sorry, but you must endure me, I am already looking for a different pleasures target, that body is sou good’ Tygg smiled awkwardly and also breathed deeply heavy inside. 
‘I guess you won’t change, but at very last, don’t try to kill me again…or anything….please’ he asked with such a shame in his voice, because he realized again how hopeless he is there. 
‘I will…try’
‘That’s ok…’ 
Some time passed in peace and both were enjoying hot bath. Sighing from time to time. Time doesn’t matter for them right now, but Tygg was still little nervous inside, even if he decided to relax for now. He was scared.
‘Hey, Goggorott…’ 
‘Mmm?’
‘You are strong…wild and free…’
‘And?’
‘Can you make me stronger, to be as you?’ Tygg felt sadness behind his eyes as he asked that question, he tried to shoo it away, but he really felt that he need be begging his threat. What a shame. 
‘I have a plan for you…but you won’t like that, it will require from you a lot of will power to take something such big…’ 
‘I am ready for that’
‘Huh?!’ He sharply pulled his head straight and looked at him with a shock. Tygg blinked, what, was he thinking about something else? 
‘Did you saw size of my bum?’ 
‘Oh c’mon now…!’ Tygg angered losing his patience. Goggorott laughed wildly. For him it was living fantasy and endless pressure to have wild fun. He was twisted and in his own sicko mode all the time. 
‘I don’t care about this, whatever you mean, I just want learn how to become stronger! Zush taught me less than I expected!’ he angered and Goggorott raised his eyebrows. Suddenly tiger moved towards the boy and hung over him like a death. Then he put his hand on his chest and started playing with it breathing heavily. 
‘W…wha…?’ Boy felt how he is losing his breath in fear, that was fast and unexpected. 
‘Just let’s play a little…you are sure a musician…huh?’
‘I…what?!’
‘I caught that hand moving to your own bum…’ he looked nasty and horrorful, opening his bog jaws with a disgusting excitement. Tygg was feeling his pads on his butt and he was confused between nice soft feeling and terror inside of him. He is not like that…not for this…this…what is this…
‘STOP THAT!!!’ boy yelled in panic and the tiger moved back shocked. Tygg was breathing heavy, he felt dizzy from the hot bath.
‘Don’t touch me ever again!’ Tygg’s eyes sharpen and he made a demonic like growl just like something took over his body.
‘Oh sure…Ok…now seriously’ big tiger played with him.
‘Thank you!’ Tygg tackled the barrel with his backs as he was sitting back, angered and full of hold breath to release. He started really getting on his nerves. He can use him first and then gone from there. But what was that feeling from a while?
‘But I never said that training with me will be safe for you’
‘Wha…’ Tygg sat in a rush. He feared that somehow inside, but now it was not funny.
‘I might seriously injure you, broke your bones, you in half or even kill you…humiliate you…’ his look changed to darker, and he lowered his voice to eviler. Tygg wanted to escape, it was after all a mistake. Was he now trying to get revenge for him denying him?
‘I am really nasty when it comes to playing wars…’ 
‘But this is just…’
‘Doesn’t matter for me’ he licked his lips. Tygg was sitting there and breathing deeply, if he agree on that he will die, or will never leave that place, that was out of the way! He hesitated for a longer while but then hung his head. 
‘Alrightly…keep it on’
‘Good boy!’ He hunch on him into his place against his will again, and hold still between his legs, then pressed him towards his muscular chest. He hugged him. Tygg gulped, that was… even if somehow he felt safer than he thought. That was weird, his aura changed.
‘Why?’ he looked up at him.
‘Because I am your father figure, if you want this or not’ Goggorott was now more cheerful and that surprised Tygg. He sighed as he was pulling his face back and then looked into the water thinking. So maybe it was something he really desired at heart, to have even someone like that. A true family, even if different and even dangerous to him… 
‘Thank you…Goggorott’ he felt that he is not 8 anymore and that it’s true, but got much older, maybe 10 or even 11, 13? but now his conscious and mind shifted, he was now able to admit something he wouldn’t be able to before. Treasure even someone as him.
‘Yea, yea, whatever’ Tygg smiled and relaxed with him. He hugged to his big body in hopes that it will be alright. He closed his eyes and sighed. He somehow felt safer, no... like he found a true safety. That was the most awkward thing Tygg happened to be in. But at the same time the boy knew it’s needed for him to mature, to deal with this world as a whole, as well as to get in touch with evilness reality. That was the best outcome for him. He naively thought.



Tygg and Goggorott both were standing in front of each other in the distance of few meters, three star beings from before had been observing them. The wind was soft and nice, blowing out in the air which slowly was burning more and more from their raising battle spirits. 
‘I will give you only three chances’ Goggorott pointed at the star beings, Tygg gulped, was he intended to kill these?
‘What you are aiming for?’ he asked angered. Goggorott smiled.
‘You will see… show me what Zush had taught you…’ he jumped forward, on what Tygg was not ready, he covered himself with his hands and somehow withstand his strike. But he felt that this is just him toying with him. 
‘Hmmm…you are just a weak brat…’ Goggorott punched him in the face and Tygg fell on his backs, then before he opened his eyes, he saw him approaching his face with his opened hand positioned like a sharp spear just to pierce him. He stopped right before his nose. Tygg breathed out in shock, his whole body got a small electric paralyzing shock. 
‘A….aa…’
‘Now this is one…’ Goggorott turned toward the star beings and then by using his invisible force he smashed into pieces the star elephanty. Tygg looked at them opening his eyes wider from fear. The other two tried to escape, but the tiger bound them to the ground, forcing them to wait and observe them. His eyes changed back to wild. 
‘You little shits, what were you thinking…that I will let you escape? Don’t kid me!’ he growled with a huge disdain. 
Tygg looked at him with an anger, as he thought, as he thought…! Tygg get up on his feet’s and his whole body was trembling, he pulled out the stone star from his bag on his belt. Now or never… a black matter dust raised from it and Goggorott’s pupils shrunk and sharpened even more. He intended something after he realized what it is. Another dangerous thing…
‘What is this?’
‘I don’t know’
‘I see…I will destroy this thing because its filled with the black matter, I shall protect them and this world…’
‘You are crazy…’
‘We will see…’ he lowered his growling threating voice. Tygg gulped but this time he decided to believe into the stone star, again. 
‘Come for more…’ the tiger provoked him with his middle finger. Tygg show him his teeth’s and wagged his tail with rage. Now this is this time, he needed to protect them. His stone star glowed and Goggorott smiled, he will destroy it and then that boy and star beings…
‘I will kill you all…’ Tygg rushed at him and then jumped to hit his face with the stone star. Goggorott just blocked him and then smashed on the ground, the stone star bounced away from his grip. 
‘No…!’
‘Ohhh…’ Goggorott grinned ‘Now you can’t protect anyone, as if you could before…!’ he roared and hunch on him with a killing desire. He will end this there, eventually he will find someone different…not a big waste, no hard feelings. The star glowed as Tygg almost screamed from defenseless and it repelled Goggorott back, damaging him. 
‘GHAAAH…! What the…!?’ he could not believe in such power, it was like an invisible barrier protecting the boy. Now that was 1-1 he guessed…
‘Did I…’ Tygg breathed out scared.
‘This time nobody will get killed…’ 
‘I…ah…’ the boy still on all four hung his head breathing with a tiredness. He knew how lame it was, if not that stone star he was now looking at from under his arms, then he would be or dead or lose another star being. 
‘This will be a third and the last…’ 
‘But where is your training?!’ Tygg angered.
‘This is it…you stupid boy’ Tygg gulped and blinked, what does he mean? But then he realized, it was such easy, if he can’t defend himself, he won’t defend anyone. Like… never. Tygg bite his lips. He is such a lame, pitiful lost little one in this world. He must become serious, use that stone star for serious. Goggorott smashed spiky star being, only tiger left. Tygg raised his head in a shock. 
‘Wha…WHY’
‘Because you waste your, and mine time on your inside thoughts…’ he growled. ‘Now the third one, and last, hurry up, move up, I’m getting sick of you…’
‘As well as I am…!!!’ Tygg felt like something is growing into him and he roared, and the stone star flashed and created a powerful wave of energy which started cutting everything around but not the star tiggy. Goggorott tried to cover himself and repel that but it mercilessly started cutting him causing his blood to splatter around. 
‘Ugh…you fucking…fucker…!’ He forced through the wave forward with a wild roar and then pound Tygg into his chest with his palm like a sumo fighter. Tygg stopped moving and his heart was beating like a wild. Everything stopped. Tygg started shacking and then he slowly fell out of the breath on his backs. The stone star calmed but it blinked a little before, just like a light bulb burned out… Blood ran down Goggorott arms and on the grass. He was breathing heavily.
‘Holy shit…’ he could not believe what just happened. That brat was in the possession of a powerful wild force made from the stars. Goggorott slowly turned his head a little just to see the star tiggy. The being was shaking in fear.
‘You are saved…for now, you better trust yourself into him…’ Goggorott coughed with the blood and fell on the ground directly in front of Tygg’s legs. Right before he lost his conscious he knew. That this brat possibly could be able to fall in a ruin the Lord of the Black holes…

‘What happened to you?’ Tygg asked surprised. He just barely got up from his bed after he lost conscious. Goggorott was standing in the doors with his hands, legs and body in the bandages, he was badly injured after the last one.
‘You…’
‘Me?!’ Tygg raised his voice on what Goggorott hissed, it was too loud and his head was breaking like after a long drinking party.
‘Not that loud…’
‘I’m sorry…’ Tygg lowered his voice but his heart was bumping faster with every thought. 
‘Back then that star…made from stone…it activated you or shit’
‘Huh…’ Tygg tried to be surprised, but he quickly realized what he meant. It was nothing new to him but in fact surprising that he managed to injury someone like him. 
‘Where it is now…I…’
‘I buried it…it’s too dangerous’
‘Hey! It’s mine!’ 
‘That’s part of the problem’ Goggorott cut him, Tygg felt how anger is raising into him. How he even dare!
‘That’s my prob…’
‘Second part of the problem…’ he cut him again and Tygg wagged his tail a little. He was a cat too after all. He noticed that he is also moving his tail in impatience. 
‘…The second part of the problem is that you are not able to use it properly, you just following your emotions, and you have no control on that power…’
Tygg felt like someone hit him, so, but…but that was just stupid, he remembered that he was managing to hold on his own somehow thanks to this stone star…or maybe not…
‘But I want keep using it’
‘NOT…until you learn about the star energy’ 
‘You mean…’
‘EXACTLY…’ Goggorott sit on the bed making Tygg bounce a little and was looking down on the floor, he sighed and was thinking for long just like he was fighting with himself, he did not remind Tygg about the killed star beings, just because that was not a right moment, or maybe it’s better to bury them too, away from memories, don’t bother them. 
‘I will try…’ Tygg was observing him with bumping heart, what he supposed to expect from him now?
‘I will try to teach you controlling over it’ he just stated, silence fallen between them. Both could only hear their breaths. Goggorott sighed deeply, he felt out of shape and power after losing too much of the blood.
‘I feel bad…’ Tygg lowered his head and the sadness overwhelmed him, he blinked few times fighting it, but…
‘Blue blue…?’ 
‘Uh…oh…aybe…’ he murmured under his breath. Goggorott smiled and made a little short laugher. He knew that when he started playing his father it will bind him to that brat in more ways than just his personal desire of self satisfaction. 
‘Ehh…I must rest a little, recover my wounds through meditation in other dimension, please, wait there, recover, I will try teach you what I know…’ he get up, and looked one last time on a surprised speechless boy. He narrowed his eyes, yea…that brat is really perfect prey… what a finding…
‘Well then…’ he turned back to him and left without any word. Tygg was left alone and after few mindless moments he fall on the pillow. He sighed deeply after holding his breath. He could not think at all, it all felt just surreal, so he will gain more than just being threaten from him huh? But what if it will turn out bad again? Tygg remembered that he destroyed a two star beings, and felt how something is raising into him with an anger, a monstrous wild beast. He wondered why he feel like this and even thought that it’s maybe his souls recalling to him. But in fact, it was not what he or someone else could think about…He closed his eyes and sighed deeply through his nose. He slowly was fading into the dreaming darkness… But before a goner, a thought blinked past his mind, that he is wasting too much time…
***
Vagös was thinking fast, he could not move an inch, nothing was working, but he could only await for the Lord to find him out. Both of them slowly moved towards his direction. 
‘Maybe this is only an animal?’ he heard another voice.
‘No, no…I feel someone’ both were closer and closer and then he saw a long shadow of the Lord of the Black holes on his body, and when he looked aside he almost screamed. It was not Lord, it was something that was looking like an ugly turtle made from rock with a flat shell, standing on all four, but it had black head with a pointy yellow eyes and sharp nose. The other person was still hiding in the shadows. 
‘Well then…look at who we have got there…’ Lord hissed with a disdain. Vagös felt how his heart it pounding faster and faster. 
‘Should I kill him there?’
‘No…I have something to discuss with him…now go’ the other person bowed in honor and warped away through the black hole. They both were there in full silence. Lord was thinking and Vagös wondered if he will be able to escape, probably Lord was not in a shape somehow, so maybe in fact he was now weaker, or something…
‘Tell me… Vagös…right? Why you are the only one who is still alive…’ Giant felt how the shadow of the Lord is wrapping around him somehow, just like a darkness, a physical shadow. He wanted to scream and call for help, but something took away his voice. He was muted, but…it was like he really lost ability to speak… 
‘You won’t tell about that to anyone ever again…’ Vagös shocked his goggly eyes in thrill, so after all he took his voice from him…! 
***
Tygg woke up on the “next day” earlier, he left the wooden house and moved on the fields to search for the star tiggy, in hope that he somehow survived Goggorott’s madness. He hated himself and him for all what happened, what he even was thinking, that everything will end up in happy happy way? No, once again gravity of the cruel reality grounded him. He lost yet a two star beings, let them die, he even lost his only weapon nobody know where. He needed to stop pretending that Goggorott is able to change, he clearly wanted only have fun with him, reach some point of pleasure, nothing else… satisfy himself. Tygg hissed at soul from anger. How he could be that stupid?! The star tiggy was nowhere, so probably he was killed after all… So, there’s no other way than just moving away from this place, to leave as quick as possible, because Goggorott was not a good teacher, he already knew that he won’t learn a thing from him. Nothing. He started feeling hateful waves inside of him once again. He hated him so much right now, and he promises himself that this anger won’t burnt out. He clenched his fists and looked in the sky. The air was bright and nice as always in that place, but Tygg wondered as if it’s even possible to get away from there, maybe there’s a shooting star in that bright sky that will listen to him? For sure it was naive. But… no, he can’t waste time on that. He moved forward, wondering where that endless path will follow him. Then he noticed that… a little lone black hole swirling on the side field, Tygg’s heart bumped, but he did not run back to tell it to Goggorott. He stepped forward and stopped in front. Was it a good idea to enter it? Because what he has to lose? Maybe not…but why would it be there? For what purpose If not just an emergency exit? Tygg looked serious at it, he must decide now or he will stuck there, it was logical for it to be there, also something draw him towards it…he did not noticed any track of consumption from it, so… he entered it closing his eyes and holding his breath full of fears. He just wanted return to that cosmic space…
He opened his eyes as the world swirled and stopped. He was back in the gravel cosmic space but there was no black hole behind him. He was standing on the train’s track following forward into a deep endless horizon full of bright lights. He was surprised of the outcome. He even noticed lights suspended above them without any cable or anything, but when he looked at them, he managed to see that they looked more like a car lights inside… He moved forward, carefully to not fall, but as if that mattered. He walked like few hundred meters, or maybe even few kilometers without anyone on the way. But he noticed that the suspended dead lights are appearing above the tracks every few meters, he wondered why. Now when he thought about it…maybe this road is closed and he is just going into a dead end? Maybe he should go opposite way? But now it was too late to turn back, too many steps passed and he was now really tired. That was calm area, only full of asteroids and occasional moons. Tygg was too scary to check if these were slavery one’s and he had no purpose to do that… he stopped. 
‘Where I am?’ he asked loudly but no one respond to him. He felt like an idiot. He hung his head and looked at the wooden tracks under his feet’s, they had a steel borders for the trains, but there was nothing down the road. Is that possible that maybe he should wait for the train? He jumped off the tracks and then suspended in space, observing the direction where he was going. Then the lights flashed and he heard a clack or maybe clatter mixing together and from a distant horizon a giant train was fasting towards his ‘station’. Tygg felt how his heart is racing from an excitement, for the very first time he saw a real train and also…it probably was a good thing to enter it? The train stopped heavily and then the doors opened, both zombie stars come out from inside. 
‘Huh?’ Tygg asked.
‘Huh?’ both asked, the train slowly and heavily moved away. The all three of them was staring silently into each other. It was unexpected just to bump into them right now.
‘What are you doing there?’ Pawgirus asked.
‘I…just waited for the train…so…’ Tygg chocked on his surprise trying to defend himself just like it was his fault that they met.
‘Well…’
‘What?’ Dog jumped with the conclusion.
‘Umm…’ 
‘Maybe we should just go on the walk?’ Tigriserus said cheerfully, he looked amused about the situation. 
‘Where?’
‘We see…’ 
‘What does that mean…’ Tygg bricked inside. Zombie tiger laughed. Both slowly moved in the silence through the darkest space. Tygg wondered about what he should talk with them after all, they knew each other for only a few minutes…at all. Then he remembered that his suit was destroyed and that the robo is left…
‘Well then…where you going?’ he asked trying to sound natural but in fact he was stressed. 
‘Forward, the farther the better’ dog sound offended, they both were similar to Thub and Grub so much in their manner…Tygg felt warm on heart for some reason, just like something from them was still around. 
‘We should find a place or planet to rest’ He tried to bump between them so much. 
‘I agree’ Tigrisus loused. 
‘Gheez…I hate you both’ dog facepalmed at soul. Two tigers exchanged grins beneath his backs. 
‘I honestly wondered about new companions to join me’ Tygg said full of optimism, he tried to encourage them to come along. Both looked at him surprised. 
‘Don’t twist us into your schemes’ dog cut the topic, Tygg twitched his lip down and sighed through his nose. That was quick he guessed. 
‘Then…let’s have fun together, at least for a while…’ 
‘For a while, then we get lost and you too’ Tygg felt how bad mood is slowly covering his mind, he felt dark sadness behind his eyes, and how everything was slowly losing its bright. Maybe it’s impossible after all for him to bring to him good events…
‘I think we can get along as long as you let us go in anytime’ tiger explained, Tygg only sighed and muttered something under his breath. In fact, he just gave up on them. Maybe he will find someone else…
A black hole appeared and closed. Both stopped, there was no one. 
‘Did you just saw that…’
‘Yea’ dog cut Tygg, all were looking around trying to figure out who or what came out. But there was no one… 
‘Maybe it was just a dimensional glitch?’ Tigrisus wondered. 
‘Maybe…’ Dog agreed and all of them decided to press forward. Few minutes passed but nobody said a thing. Then Tygg decided to stop. 
‘What’s now’
‘I don’t like how it is, you and me’ he started trembling, when he thought about that, he felt like that for a longer while, but now he found a courage to let his emotions go.
‘What again?’ dog asked irritated.
‘I don’t want lose you two!’ Tygg raised his voice looking into Pawgirus eyes. He was out of his balance, confused, he didn’t know how to react. Then he closed his opened mouth and looked at Tygg with full seriousness. They both been looking into each other and time was passing, Tigrisus only observed them without a word, he knew that his companion is calculating his words and decisions. 
The black hole swirled opening under them and they had to dodge a huge wave of something that looked like a tar, that shoot up, above them. But it was more sparkling and then it turned out it have devil’s horns and claws, and demonic devil eyes. Black hole closed and transparent being appeared in his true form above them. 
‘It’s it!’ Tygg reacted with a shock.
‘It?’
‘I met this thing before but Mr. Zoi rescued me…’ Tygg explained quickly feeling how fear is growing into his heart, his inside become cold like an iceberg, that being was just too strong and too evil for him to handle. The being roared.
‘Run!’ Tygg grabbed their wrists and fasten forward like never before, through the black space. The being waited a little and then speeded after them. 
‘Just faster, faster…don’t stop’ Tygg was shouting to himself, he had no stone star, nobody to defend him, he wanted to cry and he wanted to escape, he wanted to defend, and wanted to wake up. He could not believe that from all things this thing will show up. 
‘What it is?!’ Pawgirus screamed while he was looking back at the being chasing them.
‘I don’t know!’ Tygg yawped in panic and from hurting heart. They had no chance…not a single. Pawgirus bite his hand. Tygg released him and looked at him scared. What he was doing?! 
‘Just come near to me’ he yelled after them. Tygg and Tigrisus moved back as fast as possible and being was very close to them. The black hole opened and all of them disappeared in the nothingness. Being stopped and growled mad. Someone in the shadow of the planet was observing that and was giggling through his grin with no-good purposes. 
All of them landed from the black hole on the dusty grey ground of the place that looked like a wasteland, it was all grey with the dusty smoke around and full of nothing but parts of skulls or sharp bones coming from the ground around them or from the piles of different parts of the skeletons. It felt like a living graveyard. 
‘Where we are?!’ Tygg echoed as he raised from the ground from fear and shock, he still thought that they are chased. 
‘Shut up, this is a peaceful land…’
‘Wha…’ Pawgirus passed by him and then took a deep breath and breathed out. Tygg tried to do the same, but he almost lost over his insides as the hasty puke enforced through his throat. The air there was like a dust mixed with something rotten. It was hard to breath because of the taste and smell. 
‘What we will do with him?’ Tigrisus asked, because he realized that Tygg will simply die out of breath. 
‘Give him something to cover his nose, and that’s it’ Pawgirus moved forward leaving both of them. Tigrisus tried his best to find something among the bones to help Tygg who was non-stop puking and crying from the smell. 
‘Whe…awe….’ Tygg burst through his nose and tears and chocked throat, then he puked once again and he felt like he would just like to die than spending his time over there.
‘In our real world’ Pawgirus summed up stopping and then he looked back at the boy. ‘This is a world of the Death Stars’

***
Few moments later they all sat in front of the fire, but Tygg has a skull shaped-air filter by his mouth and nose, Tigrisus did not explained him how he made it. 
‘So this is your world…after all, another one…’
‘Everyone lives in their own worlds, so stop complaining’ said dog arrogantly.
‘It’s like your planets’ tiger explained.
‘I see…’ Tygg looked around, everything seemed to be gray, with the fire as the light source, they set it in the circle made from the found skulls and bones. It was truly creepy. Especially with the dust and shadows set around from the light source. Tygg sighed, he felt now better but still little dizzy and sick from vomiting. He wondered how long they going to be there. The time was passing in the absolute silence, but only fire was cracking from time to time on the burnt bones. No one had any common topic to talk about. Then steps could be heard and when both raised their heads, they saw a girl and plump boy from before. Tygg stood up in a shock.
‘Move away!’ 
‘What you want…’ they both sat in front of fire. Tygg was unsure, as if they could again turn into the monsters like before. 
‘They can turn into monsters and eat you!’ he warned them.
‘Just like everyone with that curse…’ Pawgirus shrug. Tygg was confused.
‘Cur…se…?’
‘Yea, nothing new huh? Crap of Black holes’ dog shrug again closing his eyes, just like it was obvious. 
‘I don’t understand’
‘Ehhh…ok…then…let’s tell you had a home and some…’
‘Stop Pawgirus, you are annoying again’ girl cut his monologue. He looked shrunk inside from embarrassment. Tigrisus laughed out. The silence has fallen once again. Tygg after a few moments carefully sat again on his place. 
‘Can you tell me your story?’ he asked after a longer while, just to cut the awkward silence. 
‘This is nothing special…’ Pawgirus lowered his head.
‘I also have sad fate thanks to him’ Tygg smiled sadly. Dog sighed and then started.
‘It happened long time ago, after he started growing stronger and when he tried to make his own rules over all of us, some of us declared a war to him, but we lost and then he put upon us his curses, done’ he raised from the ground and walked away a little. 
‘That’s all?’ Tygg asked, he knew that there’s something else. Dog stopped. Girls decided to continue. 
‘He literally made us into zombies, but it’s like an endless loop of deaths’ Tygg was scared and shocked, everyone was sad and curled inside. He understood that it was their soft point. Maybe he should not ask…
‘You must not tell me more’
‘I would just feel better, if you truly want defeat him, or whatever’ Pawgirus pressed on him. Tygg did not answer, just keep waiting. 
‘…Humans become turned into undead monsters, who when randomly dying, turning into a zombies and keep slaying their living companions from the hunger of flesh…it probably still continues on many planets, if the population is big enough…until the last one standing’ 
‘Zombie stars are just dead star beings who are kept alive and slowly rotting’ girl turned towards Tygg. He gulped. He felt how the fear is filling his stomach and chest and every part of his skin. It was shocking as never before. He lowered his head thinking. He should not ask… He felt a raising anger. On the bat of himself. 
‘You came here to rest?’
‘Yea’ girl smiled to Pawgirus. ‘We won’t turn into zombies there’
‘I will avenge you…’ Tygg said calmly, he was now serious, after all he heard from them, it should not be left like that, he felt that he is the one competent for now to do this. Never ever step back again.
‘Thanks kid…’ Tigrisus smiled lowering his head, he did not really take a part in this discussion, but inside he shared all their feelings. Maybe they should go crazy and once again go on the war with him…
‘You must not tell me anything more, that was enough’ Tygg smiled to them full of bright energy into him. He pretty much started understanding what is going on at the all places around the world. He could not save every of them, but at least he could stop this madness if possible. With his stone star, if he only could get it back…
‘You still did not found it?’ 
‘A stone star? No…’ Tygg hold his breath. They looking for that?! Right…he forgot.
‘We too’ Tygg looked shocked at the dog. But…they didn’t noticed that he had it right? He felt that he is now trapped into a huge world size bear trap. He must find a way to go. Right now. They can’t be trusted. Or maybe…maybe he could help him without any troubles?
‘Why it is so important?’ he asked trying to play dumb.
‘Because it have a huge power of the stars, it can make wishes come true if you really want…’ Tygg felt blew away. And now it was gone because of Goggorott…

Back in the star world, Goggorott himself was standing in front of Kaen hidden in the shadows of the room. 
‘You took it from him, right?’
‘Yea…it’s too much of a discovery’ Goggorott said arrogantly. 
‘It’s better if he won’t be possessing it anymore’ Kaen cough from being drained, he barely could move, his state was bad after that battle with the Lord. 
‘He is pretty powerful with it if he wants’ 
‘It’s not a toy’ Kaen growled through a rattle in his voice. He knew in fact that this object possess much bigger power but he didn’t shared that information with his brother. It would be better if he did not know.
‘I guess I will use it for my own purposes’ Goggorott grinned wildly and then left the house with the stone star in his hand. 
‘Goggorott…! Ah… Damn you..’ Kaen cough again and then put his two fingers between his nose placing his elbow on the wooden table, he needed get over it quickly or it all will be out of the control. He was only one who cared after all this time.
Meanwhile immobilized Vagös was taken to the castle by the huge shadow of the Lord of the Black hole.
***
After spending their time at having fun among skull and bones, both Tygg and Zombie stars decided to depart to move on.
‘So you staying there?’ Pawgirus looked at the girl.
‘Yea, we won’t turn into zombies there, so it’s good for now, we need re-think a plan’
‘Aren’t you hungry?’ Tygg wondered, because he really needed to eat something, it was soo long since he eat, that he did not really realized how exhausted he is from lack of the food. He decided to look around that world in searching for something useful, so he left them for a while short after she confirmed his fears.
‘Eh, no…in these cursed bodies we only can wait for our transformation’ Tygg felt a dizziness in his head, so that was the case. Tygg moved in a random direction ensuring them that he just want to look around, following the path with the dust and bones on the way, it was all like a maze, but at the same time he still could tell how to go back just from memory. Then after few minutes he stopped as he turned into the random direction and a shock had hit his brain. Between piles of bones and skulls, there was sitting a giant golden ball. Tygg moved faster and stopped in front of it. It was beautiful object, it looked solid and from every side it was flashing to him with a white-yellow light though it was golden. Tygg pulled off glove from his right hand and he touched it. A shock of energy hit him and for a while he saw something like a flashback of a place but it was all fogged, then an invisible force threw him away on the ground raising a dust from it. Tygg get up in pain and dust himself off, he was standing still for a few moments observing the golden ball like under a charm or hypnosis and then he decided to get over the fact that he can’t really do anything there, and he decided to move back to the zombies. Not telling them a thing about it, for some reason he felt such a desire inside…
‘All right…so good bye for now’ Tygg summed up short after he came back, and smiled to them, he never asked for their names, but inside he felt a little pride from the fact that they wanted to be a heroes on their owns like him. 
‘I would not like to see you again’ Tygg smile faded.
‘But you are heroes too’
‘We…we are not in your rental party ok?!’ she yelled at him, he moved back a little afraid of the fight from her side. 
‘Ok, I understand…’ he lowered his head and felt sadness, maybe he should stop deluding himself about his judging competences and just keep awaiting for the facts.
‘So, we go’ Pawgirus set a last good bye for them and all three warped through a vortex back to the black space. Tygg felt empty inside. 
On the huge pile of bones, someone tall and looking like one of the zombie stars was observing them…

‘Once again in that place…’ Tygg sighed, he was more resigned after all than he had been ready, back in the zombie world, but it was understandable, he threw away the skull air filter, it was not needed anymore.
‘We have no other choice’ Pawgirus shrug, Tygg felt little annoyed by his judgements, they were so straight and full of himself, but he kept his own silence, there was no place for the fights, they must go on, forward and together.
‘Alright, so where now?’ Tigriserus asked looking at them, he liked to stay in the shadow since they both were leading and that was only their own choice. He must do nothing. Not stretching himself. 
‘I believe that on the west…from what I see there’s a dozen of planets, so we can rest there’
‘You go nowhere’ a voice could be heard and after one moment someone caught them into a net, like little innocent bugs. They ran into panic and uproar.
‘You will need to pay off my stolen suit’ All of them felt a shock and fear at the same time, they all looked through oneselves, and then before they could blink, they all warped again. Tygg felt like the pressure of warping is fading his conscious. 
They woke up in a metallic cage in the room with a bright white light around them.
‘What is that…’ Tygg gasped and ran towards the cage bars trying to look further. There was nothing.
‘Hey little fellas’ the voice asounded from behind, they all turned and saw the guy who kidnaped them. It was a tall men, who was resembling a tiger from face and body, but in the same time he looked more like a human ‘bum’, his fur was dirty, and his smile was showing yellow teeth’s with the sharp fangs, his suit was elegant and similar to the one Tygg got from the zombie stars, but it was actually suiting him better. It has a white rose in left pocket, and the rings decorating the gloves and trousers, it has a lone black dots, a black gloves with a white-gold ring shaped material at the bottom end of the each of them. His muscular chest was visible in between of his unzip top. He was looking at them in a way that made Tygg feeling unsafe and like a small mouse cornered by a giant cat. Now Tygg noticed that he has a lot of scars on his still handsome face.
‘Who are you…and what do you want’
‘Oh…so you are curious? I am the one to whom you stole a pretty elegant suit…a 
‘I…suit?’ Tygg tried to play dumb.
‘Yea, these two stole it from me, now I will steal something from you…’ he grinned. He walked around the cage and kept observing them, then as he was returning on the front, he hit the bars with his strong palm. All of them jump-scared back. 
‘I’m going to sell you as sex slaves’ he said calmly while not looking at them. Zombie stars looked scared to the bone, but Tygg only looked at them unable to understand anything beside word ‘slaves’. 
‘What is the meaning behind of this?’ Tygg asked them, he looked at the same time angered and curious. The guy who kept them let a short wry laugh. He turned towards them with a demonic grind on his face covered by the shadows. 
‘I’m going to demonstrate you…’ Zombie stars screamed in fear, and Tygg felt that it’s not going to end well. He looked at the bottom of the cage and started feeling weaker, sicker, from hunger and fear, his mind slowed down and he wondered as if they will be able to escape from there. 

Goggorott was looking around for Tygg in the star world, because as he thought, he decided to search for the object he was now in possession. But he was nowhere. 
‘Wat that damn brat is thinking…’ he asked loud full of complain. It supposed to not be like that. He looked around just one more time and then noticed that. His eyes wide opened from a shock. A small black hole was swirling in the sight and it was slowly consuming the star world. He felt how fury is raising into him, he felt also a little sign of fear, because how it could be created here? A potential opening... No! This must not be accepted! He proceed forward to rush towards it and rip it apart, but after a few steps he stopped after realization hit his brain. That stupid brat could potentially escape through it.
‘That stinky brat…’ Goggorott slowly walked towards the black hole, thinking. What if he is wrong? What if he is right? His fingers tightened on the stone star. Could it be useful right now? Goggorott rushed then, and jumped like a real tiger into the black hole, disappearing. 

‘SEE?! YOU LIKE IT? AHAHAHAHA!!!’ the bad guy was using a dead body of the young girl lying on the table in front of him, he was doing it just in front of him on purpose, to “give them better look at what is meaning behind his words”, the blood was dripping from inside of her as well as from her mouth, she was alive few minutes before and was screaming for help. Zombie stars covered their eyes but Tygg kept watching, as the fear paralyzed him, and electric shock froze him from inside. He felt like his brain was turned off. It was their purpose? That was…disgusting? Terrorful? He could not find any words to describe what he saw, and what he could not stop watching from fear, he deeply hated himself. Just like in real life, when people watch gore videos on web, something forced him to not lower his look, and he even saw how the life is slowly fading from her little weak, defenseless body. Tygg lowered his head on his left and clenched his jaws and fists, what he was doing…he felt how he is trembling from the anger from inside and how heavy breath is slowly sucking his conscious back inside of his head, the heat hit him. He felt weak. He should do something, but he only kept staring like a monster. He was such a moronic…
‘AAAAAAHHHHH…’ the guy reached it and Tygg twitched his head sharply and looked at him full of anger, his fur got spiky, now, wake up, that other self, let’s together bring him down and the justice over this disgusting thing! But nothing happened. Tygg as he was releasing his breath felt something like a deja vui mixed with the heat into his head, just like he was returning to reality from inside of his brain, and at the same time he realized how bad is the situation, and how they can’t do anything. And that he can’t in fact do anything…He felt how the darkness is slowly…and slowly filling his heart, and inside of his body. He felt like from now he could only see the darkness in his eyes, like there was no life, real life. Like he fell into a deep hole of black sticky slug. So that was the real life, just like Goggorott tried shown to him, he really thought that he is joking, that everything he met by now is only a random split of events. His heart was now a cold iceberg and he could feel it. He have no power, no power to change this world. He always kept looking for the answers, that will always be ready to bring him a despair over him. Such a pitiful world…he could not defend. Now he felt like he never been able to see the answers for his deepest questions, and now it still remain unanswered. What a shame. For how long he have been in there, to not be able to look for it? In that shameful pitiful world…? That’s right…he kept only lying to himself, so he will land softly and find the answer. Every single day. Here’s no life…but only a darkness on his eyes. He could not see or feel anything more than despair.

Meanwhile Silent Hunt entered the hall straight forward to their room, he had a bag of the gold with him, just to buy them out.
***
Wölfer landed on the lone asteroid with the star doggie on his shoulder, all his werewolves been sealed into his stick with the full moon on the top. Wölfer, as it was in fact his real name, but he tried to hide his identity a little bit by changing it in front of the others. He had his own reasons. The old man felt just old, like never before, that long trip exhausted him, and also his stick was really heavy, because werewolves inside would not be really that shrunk in weight. But it was bearable.
‘Phiew, it was a long trip don’t you think?’
‘Oh yea!’ little doggie agreed cheerfully and hoped on the surface, and then started sniffing around. The old man smiled warmly. The doggie was helping him to carry on.
‘Somewhere in there supposed to be a black hole, or rather a place where it will spawn as a portal to the different locations, he really wanted ensure emergency exits…huh?’ he kept looking around but there was an only empty and silent cosmic space, he fixed his hat on his head and then he twitched and pulled his body on the left, as the lightning bolts appeared along with the opened black hole. He clenched his grip on the stick ready for the enemy, but then he opened his eyes in a shock. He had seen Tygg, zombie stars and Hunt coming out from it.
‘Next time be more careful with who you dealing…’ the black man turned towards Tygg, the boy was looking happy, just like a huge stone was knocked off from his stomach.
‘Thank you very much, we will!’
‘Hmmm?’ Silent Hunt sight stopped at Wölfer. 
‘Are you…that brat from before?’ the old man asked shocked.
‘A…!’ Tygg froze, he never expected to meet him in there. 
‘What’s wrong, should I beat him like I beat Maesadoro?’ He in fact beat badly the other guy who kidnapped them, and now he was lying under the wall with the tongue out of his mouth and unconscious look on his face. Silent Hunt never expected to see something like that, what he had done. Slaves are one thing, he could understand, but not something like this… The entire room was demolished and cage was broken in pieces.
‘N-no…’
‘You can try if you want’ Wölfer smiled and raised his staff, the star doggie hide behind his leg. Tygg noticed it and tried to say hi to it, but it was too scared of them. He felt sadness, why he just can befriend with any star being? But… Enough! He will try now! 
‘Nah… let’s stop pretending, if you are with him, then you had to clash with him earlier’
‘How did you know?’ Silent Hunt asked surprised, it honestly knocked him with an unseen split of events. He looked at Tygg and little boy felt his sight on his shoulder, he gulped and hanged his head, it was not his fault, that he only was seeking justice and personal freedom against them.
‘Ahaha…this little boy is very mysterious, but I also had a fight with him and we almost got him, but he was saved, he is in possession of a certain stone star you know?’
‘What?!’ both zombie stars shout in a shock and looked at Tygg standing in front of them. Tygg felt a pressure on him, so he quickly explained the situation.
‘But it got taken…’ 
‘Wha…?!’ Pawgirus and Wölfer shocked, but it sounded more like a disbelief from his stupidity.
‘It’s a long story…don’t ask me about that’
‘Oh good grief…’ the dog facepalmed. Tygg felt really tiny now. It was not his fault…
‘Ok, whatever, let’s look for a place to rest…where we should…’ Silent Hunt started looking around, he hated the time they were wasting on a some non-important pseudo problems, he knew about the power of that star, but he also knew that the boy is only put under a curse of his pitiful fate, he already had everything he wanted anyway. So he decided to join them for a little.
‘Hmm… if we look from there…then maybe we should go on that way’ Wölfer pointed on his right ‘I can see that there are some planets in the distance’ 
‘If you say so…’ Hunt lowered his voice.
Suddenly a black hole opened on their left side, shooting with the sparkles and then Husker came out from it.
‘I’m sorry for being late...’ he smiled full cheerfully to them. Tygg was shocked.

Vol 35- The Husker

Tygg walked towards Husker with a serious face. Husker did not greet him, he was serious as well. Tygg released the breath through his nose. He started wondering as if this is a dream or just a luck, or if this is good or bad… he lowered his head full of doubts, but then raised it and looked into his deep blue eyes.
‘Husker…’
‘I am here, now what, Tyggarman…?’ Tygg clenched his fists, dog looked at them with raised eyebrows, just like it was obvious to him that he will react in such way. 
‘You…you should not come…’ 
‘You wanted me to be eaten by the black hole?’ Tygg blinked surprised and rolled his eyes up and down watching him carefully, then he noticed that he has no tail.
‘Your tail…’
‘Heh…that’s nothing, now I’m light’ Husker smiled, but in fact he was doing good face to the bad acting. Maybe he should raise a hell over this, after all he lied to him, he shook inside from anger in fact, but he kept in hold, but at the same time…did he wanted him to die? 
‘Did you wanted me to go on waste?’ Husker asked, and Tygg almost choked on his salvia, as that question completely shocked him.
‘No, no…of course..’ He gulped and hanged his head. Then he sighed and looked after everyone behind him. They were confused about the little dog who appeared from the black hole. 
‘This is my friend from my planet…’ he said with a sad voice, feeling like it all will go on the waste. Nobody said anything. Husker waved to them smiling. Nobody did anything in response. Tygg turned back towards his companion. It all was too hard to deal with. Now he noticed that he is able to breath in the cosmic space, but it quickly passed through his mind. After all it was not first time when that happened. As they stood there and looking into each other faces, observing their eyes in the silence, Tygg realized how in fact precious it was to him to meet with him, safe. 

And the time flew backwards, to the times where both of them were young. When they had no other problems than just marveling over the night starry sky. Sitting upon the wall of the Husker house.
‘Hey, so what that starion means? Don’t mock from me…’ Tygg asked full of rancor towards him. Husker smiled and his tail waved a little by his right leg. He did not respond instant, but he kept wondering. So what in fact could he tell to this little guy, that concept was too complicated and probably everyone could understand it as they want to. 
‘Mmm…starion…this is that kind of a promise people made upon the starry sky, towards the stars where it is shining inside of them…’ Husker said and the silence fallen, but only for a while.
‘So…can we make a promise towards one star in the sky? Like a wish?’ the boy asked leaning forward to look at his face. He was serious and wondering, Tygg realized that he is looking somewhat wise now.
‘I guess this is right’ he smiled to him cheerfully, Tygg felt encouraged and now he could not stop excitement that filled his body and mind. So they could now make a promise that will never fade out? That will be there, waiting for the fulfilment? 
‘Hey, so let’s make a one, it will stay there, awaiting for us!’ Husker heavily cough trying to silent it, he now realized that was bad idea, he thought that Tygg will just make a wish towards the stars, in fact he knew that it will be impossible for them to do that, because for sure in their adulthood their path’s will go oneself. 
‘You…you are not serious right?’ he looked at the boy with the one eye closed and full of tears after pushing his cough back, his voice was dull, just like he recovered back the ability to speak. 
‘Why? It will least there’
‘But this is wrong! We should just think about it, like about the wish!’ Husker was clearly under damage control. 
‘That suck’ Tygg blew out his checks, Husker laughed broken at soul, then he sighed resigned.
‘Oh well…we still don’t know what is upon us…’
‘So…?’
‘Let me see…’ he looked into the sky looking around and then he raised his arm pointing at the one star on the east. 
‘This is my starion, I promise you that I will never leave you’ Tygg smiled all of cheerfulness and then stand up. He was now looking through the sky full of bright energy. Then he noticed a one star on the north. 
‘And this is mine starion! I promise that I will keep following the path of our both!’ 
‘Shhh…’ Husker put his finger to his lips and Tygg covered his mouth with his little hands. He was too loud.
‘Imsory’ he gabbled through his palms. Husker laughed softly but it was muffled laugh just to not be so loud. Tygg felt how his face is burning. That was really stupid of him.
‘Well..then, since our promises are made, you can return back home’ Husker mocked him.
‘W-what?!’ Tygg felt offended, dog pointed at the sky, it was slowly dawning. Tygg thought that it was just middle of the night when he reached the other village. He looked at Husker and his face was showing confusion mixed with doubting.
‘We can see each other tomorrow’ Husker smiled to him and Tygg gave up, their ways separate for today, and Tygg just returned straight to his house to rest. He skipped school on purpose. Pretending to be ill. What a cool lie, universal, no one can tell if that’s true beside village doctor who is always busy. 
The night fall came quicker than he closed his eyes. Tygg felt hungry and he quickly made himself a meal with the rice and chicken, he hated the fact that he must wait until it will be cooked and ready, but he ate it as quick as possible. With full stomach he decided to sneak out in the darkest night on the hills to move towards another village. Thirty minutes later he was under the gates, panting. He gulped but he felt excitement. He knocked the huge wooden doors awaiting. Husker opened them short after, Tygg even heard him sliding down from the roof, which raised his excitement.
‘Hi…’
‘Nice night’ Tygg greet him, Husker smiled and let him in. 
‘Tonight we can spend more time together huh?’
‘Of course, if you only want’ 
‘I wonder..Husker…’
‘Hmmm?’
‘I wonder if I can come to see you everyday?’ 
‘We talk about that, don’t you remember?’
‘But for sure…’
‘Of course’ Husker turned towards him and they both stopped under the night fall starry sky. Tygg felt that it will be that one and maybe even best night of them all. His heart bumped fast. As soon as possible he wanted be adult, to take him from that terrible village and move on, somewhere far. Far far, where they can live together. Under this night sky in this beautiful world.
‘You know…’ Tygg started, and Husker wagged his tail a little.
‘I was rushing there through the hills cutting through the night, very dark night, just like darkness’ 
‘What that mean?’ Husker smiled, Tygg made serious face, they both were standing in front of each other, under the huge sky of the satrion.
‘I…I want protect you and that promise we made, always, I believe in that shining star!’ he raised his arm in the sky pointing them. Husker followed him. Husker was thinking for a longer while.
‘I always felt so lonely in this world…but now I met you…’
‘Husker…’
‘You and me should fasting like a light through this world, looking for own place, believing in our dreams and desires, no matter what happen…’ 
‘This is the most important’ Tygg smiled to him and lowered his arm back. 
‘You for sure are great companion, I think…’
‘Tehehe, thank you’ Tygg laughed, Husker lied to him, he was still doubting into their fates, because what will happen to them if his parents will decide to move? How he will find a way back? Or if he will forget about him…?
‘Ehhh, I think I don’t feel it completely’ he turned back to him, Tygg’s face was now pulled down, no? What happened all of sudden.
‘Oi, Husker…what are you…’
‘What if I get taken? Away?’ Husker lowered his head. Full of sadness. He felt lonely like never before.
‘What are you talking about? You are like star shining in the sky!’ Tygg raised his voice and Husker turned to him in panic covering his mouth.
‘How many times do I have telling you…’
‘It’s ok…’
‘Oi, Tygg!’ the boy smiled and show him trickster tongue.
‘You just make me happy!’ he laughed softly and Husker looked behind in panic. 
‘What if they will hear?’
‘Who cares if we are under the starion?’ 
‘Tygg…you…!’ Husker was looking at him and felt how his heart is racing, he hesitated a little but then slowly pulled the boy towards his fur chest in a hug. 
‘I…I think you are the most important in this world, the most important star to me…’ Tygg widened his eyes and then felt sadness. He was not ready yet in fact, he only seen him as someone important but not that, not like that… 
‘I don’t get it…why you suddenly speak in such manner’
‘Because I always been lonely…till I met you’ He released him. 
‘Husker…’
‘You shown to me unexpectedly, just like a flash of the light, like a star coming down from the sky…’
‘I don’t feel the same, I just wanted a friend’ Tygg hanged his head and felt sting in his heart. Husker pulled his head up by his chin. Tygg looked surprised.
‘Thank you for existing’ Husker smiled and Tygg felt how his eyes slowly becomes glassy, he wanted to cry. This world was beautiful place and for sure everything that happened will paid off in the future, in their future…
The world was now spinning around them through the darkness of the night with the brightening stars cutting through it, it was the most-most moment in their existences. It was the best for them… They both were a lonely stars awaiting for their moment to shine. Forever. For sure they will protect and never forget their promises, following the end with their beginning, looking for a place in this world for oneselves. For their own sake. Fasting like a shooting stars through the sky. And finding that one place…the best of them all. Following through that one path. Of the starion promises. Ready to depart in any time. For sure.
‘When I first met you, I thought you will be annoying’ Husker wagged his tail and smiled to him full of happiness.
‘But now I think I love how it ended up’
‘I am here for your sake Husker’ Tygg respond him with a wide smile. They both been standing there under the night fall sky with the darkness world spinning around them, the two shinning stars in the night…inside of this world. Like two pieces of puzzles connected together, among thousands of parts.

‘AND NEVER AGAIN SHOW YOURSELF IN THERE!’ The father of Husker kicked out Tygg through the gates and then pulled Husker with him. They have been caught off guard by him and the hell started. Tygg was breathing fast in panic. That was not what he wanted. They were heard after all… but…
‘Hu…huh…No, Husker…’ He was looking around and then he heard a loud slaps and Husker’s howl full of pain. Tygg started looking around and moving left and right under the gate, but hopeless, then the doors on the other side shut with a bam. Tygg froze, it was over. He felt how tears are coming up to his eyes and then everything was done and he started crying. He return back through the hills to his village. On the next day he did not get up to school sleeping and pretending that it did not happened. Short after noon, he pulled himself out of the bed. He still could not believe what happened. It was their last meeting for sure. He felt nervous on his whole body, full of fears. He could not eat anything, just sitting at the table. It was all his fault. Where you are uncle? He needed him like never before right now, maybe he could help solve that? The night arrived over the hills. Tygg spend it on the hill afraid to move forward, he was staring into the brightening moon on the cloudy sky, thin dark clouds were passing through it in front of its face. In the other village Husker was sitting on the roof and staring into it. Both sighed. That eventful night turned into a true nightmare to them…
On the next day Tygg decided go to school, at that time kids were friendlier to him, so they were not bothering him too much. 
‘What happened Tygg?’ Mrs. Giraffe asked him with a caring voice. He only shrug and then turned off his conscious, he only smiled sadly and returned back to the rest of the group leaving him alone during the afternoon break. Tygg decided to go outside of the school, and walk mindlessly through the village. Then he suddenly stopped because everyone raised a crowd, and then his eyes opened widely in a shock. Husker was standing in the entrance to their village. But…how? Tygg ran towards him panting heavily.
‘H-husker…you…’
‘I had enough of it so I just came here by self’ he smiled to him with a confidence. 
‘I can’t leave you alone’ Tygg smiled widely and then jumped at him hugging. They both almost lost balance and fell on the ground. 
‘You want come with me to the school?’ Tygg asked beggingly on what Husker smiled and wagged his tail.
‘If that’s interesting’ Tygg pulled his hand and ignored people watching them in a shock. A rich kid from the other village casually came to them.
‘Mrs. ! This is Husker, he is my friend from the other vallage’ Tygg panted to her but her expression changed with a shock on her face.
‘From that rich village?!’ 
‘Yea’
‘Isn’t that forbidden to you, boy?’ she asked him still shocked.
‘I don’t really care, I came here for Tygg’ he wagged his tail, somewhat other kids been observing them with a gloom look on their faces, just like Tygg made them envious or uncomfortable, but he ignored that. The rest of the day they spend in the class and Husker appeared to be really briskly and bright comparing to the rest of the class. He even gained a rare badge from their teacher. Tygg could not stop admiring him during the classes. Other kids started being more and more angry about it. Tygg noticed it after all, and felt how something heavy is falling inside of his stomach, a fear of the future events… At the end of the day they all set a good bye to him and Tygg wondered if he supposed to follow him, but he decided to stay, this one time, just in case. On the next day, a cruel harassment started from the other kids pointed directly against him…
Some time passed, through the months of the bad or good days for both of them, and now they were sitting under the wall of Husker house but with the star doggie checking the grassy field.
‘So you really want to recue him?’ Husker asked.
‘I think so, it’s another promise under the starion, but this time to him…’ Husker smiled.
‘What if you fail?’
‘Then I guess it will be over…’ Tygg said wondering and observing the star doggie, sky was slowly turning into light blue…
‘But we will still meet under starion?’ Husker laughed softly.
‘Yea…’ Tygg smiled.

Again, some time passed and now Tygg was in Husker village in the Tyggarman suit.
‘But you all heard him!’ Husker tried to convince the villagers to listen to the common sense.
‘So what? This is not our problem’ said a big black puma man.
‘You see that black hole, right?’ Tygg pointed at the hills where swirling black hole was towering over them, the wind was ragging elsewhere. 
‘Cut it, it’s not our problem!’ Husker was looking worried at Tygg, he wanted to put his few cents into it, but he really did not knew where to start…
‘I will go…’ Tygg lowered his head thinking.
‘Where?!’ Husker finally reacted, everyone looked at him with faces pulled down from a shock, how that kid could speak to this lower kid such casually? 
‘Through the black hole, after all it’s all my fault…’
‘DON’T BE RIDICULOUS!’ Husker yelled at him and then grabbed his suit and pulled to his face, Tygg opened his eyes in a surprise.
‘Do you really want die?! If something will happen to you…’ 
‘It’s ok, I will surely return back’ Tygg smiled to him, Husker then realized that he is serious. He released him and turned back and walked few steps away.
‘I don’t believe that’
‘And I do! I want only from you to listen to me and to move away from that place, just in case if he decided to return for you…’ Tygg sadden but smiled, Husker was still silent. Thinking. 
‘What if you fail?’
‘Then it will be over’ the boy smiled sadly, Husker walked away. He could not believe in this bullshit.
‘I also promised him’ Tygg remind him, but he ignored. Tygg pulled his face down. So…he wanted turn back towards him? But that’s ok, though he felt stinging feeling behind his eyes, he sighed nervously, he can’t start crying, but fear was consuming him from inside. He turned back to them.
‘Then I go…’ 

And then time moved forward and Husker tried to convince his parents to move. 
‘Please, listen to the common sense just for once!’
‘No way little Husker!’ his father cut it, Husker lowered his head and clenched his fists trembling from anger and fear. Tygg warned them and he was sure that that certain someone may return there…
‘I want be there, but I also don’t want all of us to die…you pretty much know that it’s a certain death to us, right?’ His parents exchanged their looks. Then in the mid way of the car ride he asked them to let him move back…because he wanted wait for Tygg. They agreed just like it was nothing, just like they abandoned him…and he get that suggestion.
Husker was standing in front of the black hole after the talk with Tygg through the holographic image. And though a huge terror inside about sharing the fate of the thrown rock, he procced slowly forward with a bumping heart praying inside to be taken directly to Tygg…then he entered the black hole with closed eyes and hold his breath… Full of horrorful feelings and thoughts.

And everything return to reality, to the Husker and Tygg been observing each other on the asteroid surface…
‘You were such stupid back then…’ Husker pointed him that out. Tygg smiled and lowered his head.
‘I guess…’
‘And you are still now’ Husker proceed forward and hugged him, it was just too much, too long, his little Tiggy was safe and that helped him to brick that heavy rock inside of his stomach and heart. What a relief…
‘Husker…put yourself together’ Tygg asked him with a pitched voice, it was embarrassing for him and at the same time he felt sadness, Husker released him.
‘You idiot, do you really think I want you to die?’ dog asked and Tygg felt how a heat is raising inside of him and hitting his head. He felt really stupid now, he caused him too much troubles after all…
‘I’m sorry…no…no…’ he lowered his head and his breath become deeper and faster. The silence had fallen between them. Silent Hunt sighed and scratched his head, everyone still was shocked but they slowly been accepting Husker as the newly appeared companion. 
‘Ok, let’s take that course, it should lead us to one of my planets…I guess, judging by the way…we appeared to be there…’ everyone looked at him and short after they departed in silence. Tygg pulled Husker on his backs to help him move.
‘Woah, you are really strong Tygg’ Husker said sarcastically but the boy laughed.
‘I made by backs quite strong after all of this’ 
‘I never been in the cosmic space, but why I am not breathing?’ Husker tried to take a breath few times but on a waste.
‘I don’t know, everyone I met had been in the same conclusion as you’ Husker raised his eyebrows surprised. 
‘Ah so…’ 
Few minutes later they landed on the soft ground around a huge metropolis, Hunt moved forward and everyone followed him like after a boss. Tygg smiled to Husker and he exchanged smile with him too. Short after they entered a huge building and then Hunt walked towards the reception. After small talk he turned towards them.
‘Now you can go and rest, spend your time there as you want, dinner should be soon’ everyone whoop that news up, they really needed that. 
‘I hope you have comfy beds, in my age I need have soft resting’ said old man
‘Don’t worry about it’ Hunt lowered his voice and fixed his glasses. Tygg looked at Husker and both nod to each other, they left the building and short after was walking down the street full of happy people, they reached the green fields with the view on the rest of a huge and modern futuristic city with the tall pipe-like buildings towering above, with the train connections above the ground and lot of people hurrying to the places only known by them. Tygg sighed breathing in the fresh air. 
‘Finally some air…’ 
‘Yea, that was weird to not be able to breath’ Husker summed up and then Tygg turned towards him with the happiness painted on his dirty face. Though, it all seemed to be like a naive fairy tale, he was glad that luck been on their side and now they could be resting in peace. Just for a while.
‘When there will be a chance, let’s go on a journey, on our own adventure, away from them’ Husker smirked and if he only could he would wag with his tail, but though his tail bone was moving right and left, it kinda was depressing to him.
‘Surely that will be a big thing’
‘Right?’ but then something started bothering him, maybe Husker was right, he was acting weird…not like him. He pulled down his face and Husker noticed his change of mood. Tygg turned back to him and kept observing the city covered in lazy thoughts and empty tight feelings. A wind blown softly…
Tygg was standing, looking into distance and Husker was behind him all silent, observing him. The soft wind was tossing their furs and a fresh grass. Tygg felt like a child he had been before has gone playing somewhere nearby, he wondered then, what possibly color change he shaped now? And what color could he choose to him back then? Then he felt that the scenery somehow changed, he looked up to the sky once more. It looked somewhat different than before. Remembering once again the star doggie, he asked himself at heart, as if he is still doing what had seed into his heart, if he is still following the path of his old childish dreams? He then realized, that after all of what he met, he was no longer the same…
‘You make me happy…Husker’
Back then when the rain was falling from the sky, like a tears.
We were sitting under your roof, thinking about to go to a certain place.
When I was setting off good bye, I ensured you that I will be heading back soon again…
Let’s held our heavy tears, with the world inside that is reflecting into our eyes.
When we trying to sleep, thinking if tomorrow forecast will be still showing the rain.
When I’m calling you, when I desire you, when I’m uproaring for more,
When my hand is clenching in your.
The forecast is showing us sun weather notwithstanding the dark clouds,
As people pass this cruel empty world, we remain still, under your protective roof.
Under azure sky, without hurrying,
“I will come soon” you say, “I will be awaiting you” I say.
We exchange our looks, holding up tears, and then separate, flying towards the rainy sky.
When dark clouds come back again, and the fog will cover the road,
Then I still know that it’s enough to look into the sky, holding up tears.
I will always push forward, just for you, even if it’s hurting me…
My hand into your, your hand into mine, and the world is still ongoing,
As I’m calling you, through the sadness of the thousand departures, promised things.
Through falling tears, and the world twisting around us,
We will endure that and eventfully return back again.
Mine look into your eyes, Your look into mine, as always the world is spinning.

When we look in the sky, awaiting for our tears to drop,
Under the protective roof, refreshing dried grassy field.
Under the skies we see…


Vol 36- The Ruins of Black matter

‘Woah, that duck is very tasty!’ Wölfer swallowed a big piece of the meat, Hunt smiled, they all been now dinning in the fancy dining room for the exclusives, the long table was full of many different meats, salads, fruits and cooked vegetables, deserts and drinks. All of that was only for them.
‘I don’t know where to start…’ Tygg complained to himself, but it was more like he suspended his words in the air, full of consternation.
‘Just eat what will get in your hands’ Husker told him cheerfully and then grabbed a chicken leg in the mango like sauce. He quickly threw it away as it was tasting terribly.
‘Bueh…’ 
‘Just eat…huh?’ Tygg broken at soul looking at him. Zombie stars concentrated just on the pistachio-chocolate ice creams and cold drinks, apparently they were avoiding hot food’s. 
‘So…what are you all doing there?’ Tygg asked while munching the random fruits that tasted like a lemon. He pulled down his face from the sour taste, it was unexpected. 
‘We tried to move on, on the adventure’ Wölfer said and the little doggie by his side was consuming vanilla ice creams with the sugar filling. 
‘That little good boy was always with me, as my travelling companion’ he smiled to the doggie who was too busy with eating. Tygg looked at it with the empty thoughts, he released his hold breath, sometimes he was forgetting about the fact he can breath, that it made it all so confusing to his organism and brain. 
‘We also met a star doggie’ Husker turned towards him ‘but now it’s long time dead’ Tygg hanged his head, he must not think about it, he must not…
‘I see, such a cruel reality you two boys faced…’ he softly laughed, but his words were wiser than it meant to them. Husker nodded to him.
‘I was not there, but this little tiggy had to deal with all of this, I personally think he did a great job’ 
‘Stop that…’ Tygg’s face turned red under his fur. 
‘Isn’t that true? You are still alive after all’ 
‘He is really lucky…’ Hunt smiled and fixed his glasses ‘We fought each other thanks to a certain star artefact that gave him energy and he beaten me badly, I was not prepared..’ he laughed softly. Tygg felt how air is gone from him, that’s right, it was possible only thanks to that stone star.
‘My werewolves almost killed him, but his strong will helped him survive’ Wölfer laughed and raised his stick resting next to him, Husker followed it, he was now curious about the other dogs sealed inside. 
‘He also managed to rescue us from the sure death from the hands of our master, and he reflected his attacks thanks to that stone star he lost, we didn’t know it was it…’ said Tigriserus, Pawgirus nodded to that chocking on the drink. Tygg hold his breath, he never felt something like that. For the very first time someone pat his back for his idiotic actions, complimenting him for doing something in fact bad, yet good…
‘I should not bother that…’ he clenched his fists on his knees under the table, he felt pressed by them ‘…a lot of bad things happened because of me…I should not be praised’ 
‘Oh give it up…do you really think that anyone is perfect?’ Wölfer drunk a mint blue berry drink. Tygg tightened his lips and once again unconsciously held his breath. He would be dead and also nobody would get killed if he did not hold on that stone star… for sure right now inside he felt a storm and mixed feelings of all things that happened. He ate nothing after all, getting up from the table. 
‘Huh, where are you…’ Husker asked, Tygg only shook his head and walked away
‘Let him be…’ Wölfer glanced down at the little dog who turned towards him surprised.
‘He is my brightening star, I can’t not follow him, we made promise’ he said weirdly, for the very first time Husker felt such a childish like Tygg, in such an atmosphere of freedom he somehow unlocked hidden self. 
‘Just eat, he will get over it soon, he is too naive’ Wölfer laughed.
‘He is probably bothering of all people who potentially died in the afterwards of his actions…’ Hunt cut them, the silence had fallen. 
‘Yea…back on the planet, he doomed the whole kingdom with his star power, it was like a huge explosion of heat, he even beaten Lord of the Black holes…’ everyone turned towards Pawgirus.
‘What?!’
‘We saw how he turned into a black dust and gone in the sky’ Tigriserus explained, the shocking silence has fallen among them.
‘Huh…woah…even if counting that as the luck, it’s impressive…’ Hunt fixed his glasses, he was scared and at the same time shocked, probably like everyone.
‘I never thought about such turn of the events, but I think he survived…’ Wölfer drunk his drink, he was wall leering the zombie stars with a suspicious look, are they lying to them? 
‘We know’ Pawgirus cut the discussion ‘But it’s all because of that star object, this is why we must get it by any chance!’ 
‘You want stole it from him?’ Husker asked calmly, his tone changed, it was just like he tried to force on it a seriousness to treat the other dog.
‘So what? We need it!’
‘It belongs to Tygg’ Husker lowered his head feeling how anger is raising into him.
‘Ah so…’ Pawgirus done the same.
‘Stop being idiots’ Tigriserus asked both trying to calm them down. 
‘Can’t you two just follow him if you want use it?’ Wölfer asked knocked off from the track, why they are so hasty? He thought it will be better for everyone if they will listen to each other and let each other do their things in peace. 
‘No, we need it right now to bring back to life everyone on our planets and to recover everyone from his curse’ Pawgirus get up from the table yelling at the old man who was silently measuring him with his sight from the almost empty glass. 
‘I see…’
‘I guess everyone has their reasons, but that belong to him right now’ Husker said. The silence has fallen, everyone looked conflicted. Tygg was just a stupid kid, why they shouldn’t just take it from him? Hunt get up from the table. 
‘I need re-think all of this, we might need to get serious about his ‘leadership’ I know he is just some brat, but who ever laid a finger on the Lord of the Black holes before? He is not normal.’ he summed up and hide hands into pockets of his coat and walked off the room. Another silence fallen among them. Zombie stars returned to their meal, doggie was consuming fearlessly, only Wölfer and Husker been leering at each other with the corners of their eyes. 
‘Do you think the same as me, boy?’ old man asked.
‘Probably too…’ Husker assumed lowering his voice. None was suspecting Hunt to do anything bad to Tygg, but they both feared that after all, when Tygg will not be needed to them, they might try use brute force to take his stone star from him. 
Tygg was slowly walking through the grand hall to the exit of the giant hotel. Then he stopped with the hanged head and was thinking. He still have a long way ahead before they can tell him such things. He really hated himself for that…
‘Hey, brat…’ Tygg surprised pulled his body turning back and he was now standing face to face with Silent Hunt.
‘What?’
‘I am your victim too, you remember?’ Tygg widened his eyes, ah right, he almost died in the doom of that one planet…he deserved it.
‘I…’ Hunt turned to his left and walked few steps with his hands behind his backs, he stopped and then looked up through the glassy wall into the afternoon sky.
‘But I am alive, as not so many you met…I am right?’ Hunt was standing there all silent, Tygg kept observing him with bumping heart, now he was slowly realizing what he meant…
‘But I was playing someone different to my actions…’
‘And I am glad I met you, you let me have a chance to re-think few things, ideals, for the very first time I felt that my life is frail, more than I thought…’ Hunt silenced, now Tygg was confused, so he did not meant the same as he thought? 
‘I honestly don’t understand you…’ 
‘You must not, it’s enough if I follow you for now for a while…’ 
‘Hunt…’ Tygg was feeling sick, a little weak from lack of food…maybe he should return to the table…
‘Go back and eat…if you need something, just ask. You are truly a mystery to me, I hope you will grow up soon.’ Hunt fixed his glasses, lowered his head and walked by him towards the exit. He tried to make him realize that though he potentially killed millions on his way, whichever absurd it would sound, that he should not stigmatize himself, because there are still people in this world who will have debt in him… Who cares about all those no names? All that matter is what we can make last. Criminals, good guys, all had been choosing between that, all were doing such sacrifices on their ways up to their greedy individual pitiful goals. It was completely normal…
‘I only wanted to be remembered as a hero…not like a serial killer…’ Tygg throw behind his shoulder, Hunt stopped.
‘It all doesn’t matter kid, all that matter is what you could protect, as always.’ and then he walked away outside. Tygg was left there alone unconsciously listening to the sounds of the lifeful city. It did not reached to him at first, but slowly was beating upon his conscious and remorse buried deeply into his heart.
‘Eat something’ Tygg turned sacred, Husker completely sneak towards him, Tygg took from him a bowl of rice and chicken in the curry sauce. That should be enough for now…
‘Hey…Husker…do you think I become a bad person?’ Tygg asked awaiting for the judgement. Husker smiled
‘I think you are really naive…’ 

Far far from this place, Maesadoro was yelling through the old phone…
‘I DON’T FUCKING CARE, YOU HAVE TO GET AND HUNT DOWN THROAT OF THAT BRAT!’ he hanged off with the ones he called, his personal hunters of his slaves. They were there to track on anyone and they always succeed in that… 
‘That stupid brat will be on that broken table next…’ he growled wiping blood dripping from his forehead. He was sure of that, full of murderous intentions. He wanted to rape him and jugulate him during the climax. His eyes glowed in the darkness as the last hanging light bulb blown off and faded. He was resembling a devil.
In another far away place, among the black snow forest, in the giant castle Vagös was pinned by the shadow of the Lord of the Black holes to a big stone-plate table. Just like awaiting for the surgery. 
‘You firstly lost ability to speak…but now I will take away from you your free will…’ The shadow with wild narrow eyes and evil smile towered above him, Vagös could only watch him helplessly until his conscious finally faded away…
‘You…did you send that being after them?’
‘Yes, my Lord’ someone in the shadow responded with pitching voice, it had a helmet with a spike just like Thub and Grub. ‘I also managed to find another being, absurdly evil and wild, I baited it to infect that cosmic goat…’
‘Very well…!’ he might speak from there in his shadow and physical “turtle like” golem form, but in fact his real body was far away, in the other dimension, recovering. He was suspended there in between grainy auras of light orange and red, with only his head visible as the rest of his body was slowly picturing itself, from the black matter from the cosmic space. He had closed eyes and he was in a deep state of coma, yet he was able to think, and this is why his head was important to recover, he needed concentrate. On regaining his full powers, that was last time when he was playing with them, it’s time to make his plans come true. For his sake and future.
***
This night was sleepless for Tygg, he started thinking about all he heard, about the star doggie…. It was all only in his mind, through the waves of happiness and sadness… He get up from his bed, Husker was sleeping in the bed next to his. Though the bedding was comfy and soft…he left it and walked towards the glassy wall, the rain was lazily flowing down through its surface. Everything was covered in the darkness of the night, but the city was surely awoken. Just like back then…
That was really tough journey, to think that he have now a chance to catch a breath from it… speaking words that will remain only between them, that truly are only for them…Tygg looked behind because Husker moved during sleep, or maybe he was not sleeping at all… but does that mattered? He is not going anywhere after all. He turned back to window wall. Thinking. Yea…the ones who are around them won’t notice them speaking to each other, and there’s no only bad stories…he knew that for sure. But… after what he heard from each of them, he has spend a few hours thinking. Everyone is free, as well as everyone is not lonely, or sad. Maybe even whenever they die or not, like that does mattered to anyone after life…? He knew that back then when he killed himself, he was able to remain still, but inside he felt a desire to move on, to go to the other world, a next destination in this existence. Or maybe not? It all was just fantasy after all. He realized that in this journey wishes, desires, confidence, luck and irony been his traveling companions…such a weird ones, in such a weird journey. Even bizarre murders he had commit, were far behind the imagination of anyone in this world, slicing mercilessly immobilized hearts from right to left… He hanged his head and felt stung behind his eyes, he clenched his fists, once again that depressive mood was kicking in. But he can’t just give up to it. He knew it’s ok if he fail, he can always get up and move on until he will fail again… all hopes and lies, misunderstandings been written down into his heart. He was like in a fog, or dream maze, a lonely soldier. Surrounded by the enemies coming from each side, where he could only helplessly howl like a dog calling for help, or else try and fled. He raised his head again and in the reflection, flashed a shadow of the star doggie, once again. He then realized that in fact they can be alone, be away, but still love each other. That somewhat was silly, but it always been escaping his conscious after the tragedy that happened. Though it was just a worthless journey, full of trash, evil and irony, where all of them been his fantasy companions… it’s time to go huh?  He heard a voice inside of his head calling for him. To become once again thrown into that cruel mad vow of the spinning world. To begone in no time, unable to feel any strike from the bleeding wounds. Such a soldier tragedy. He was too scared to think what is upon ahead. 
Husker once again rolled in his bed. Tygg gulped and decided to take a hot bath, since they can rest there for a while… He left the room silently and then entered the elevator and it take him from 11 floor to the entrance hall. He wondered as if he should take anything with him, but he now wanted only to take a rest from everything. He moved the corridor following to the luxury and big bathroom, just like on that flat planet before. But it was now bigger. Full of different SPA cosmetics and bathing oils. He took off his pajama and naked started looking for the bathing salt or foam bath. There was really hot and the steam was everywhere. Such a luxurious place full of colorful towels, just like prepared for the group of people. He chose salt with the seaweeds and kiwi, it was such a weird mix that caught his eye, he poured a two big handfuls of them into the mid-sized jacuzzi and then turned on the water, awaiting for it to be full. 
‘Bathing at night?’ Tygg turned back, Husker was there, he was not wearing anything of course, because why he should, he has his big fur covering him. Tygg did not minded him, he actually never bothered about being naked when he thought about it. 
‘Yea, I can’t sleep…’
‘May I join?’ Husker moved towards him smiling, closing the doors to the bathroom. 
‘Tehehe, sure, we never had a bath together’ Tygg looked like he made his day. The small bath was ready and they both slowly entered it relaxing in the hot water.
‘Ahhh…I was missing it…’ Tygg melted in the bath over the comfortable feeling.
‘Surely we should cherish it’ Husker said calmly, Tygg looked at him. That’s right, they will need depart soon after resting, or maybe…
‘Hey, why do we need move anywhere?’ Tygg hunched on him pinning him to the marbled bathing wall. Husker gulped, he was older than him and he had more conscious than him, and that situation was really not comfortable. It was waking some thoughts into him since he was already maturing.
‘Ummm…can you let me…’
‘Tehehe no!’ Tygg sit on his crotch and pinned him. Husker felt he will have problem controlling himself in this mess. Maybe it was normal, parents taught him that in his age everything is working on him, despite his future. 
‘I…I feel bad because of it, we were talking about it back in the village remember now? ‘That age’…’
‘Ah… sorry’ Tygg moved back but he was still looking at him with the intensiveness on his face. Husker laughed weakly and sighed lowering his head and closing his eyes in a relief but broken at mind. Is Tygg maturing too? Surely they both becoming a strong males looking for domination… They might become great leaders in the future.
‘Eh…you see…we can rest there, but we should move and solve the problems, I want return back home so it should be saved…’ Husker tired to move back to the topic.
‘Then we should defeat Lord of the Black holes first’ Tygg raised his chin as he said it mighty. Husker looked at him forcing back the laugher. He was so stupidly naive.
‘We can?’ he asked toying with him.
‘Of course! Even if we remove black hole, he will surely return there to finish his schemes!’ Tygg stood up splashing the water, Husker involuntarily looked at his crotch and then he looked down at the water surface, he realized that it has a smell of the salt and kiwi with something unknown, like a grass but more bland like smell. Husker started wondering about what he said, he was trying to reach and clam the summit of the very high mountain without any preparing or tools… what he could possibly do to stop him from that? He sighed and relaxed. He should cherish that moment, because it may be their last… cosmic space was pretty cold when he thought about it.
‘Relax for now…’ Tygg sat back but on the edge of the bath and sighed resigned. Husker was completely ignoring him right? Husker once again looked at his crotch and broke inside. Why being a male is like this? This is not right, he splashed his face with the water.
‘This is not funny, I’m serious you know?’ 
‘You firstly need get back that stone star…oooah…’ Husker yawned loudly, Tygg crocked his lips down unconvinced. 
‘Without it you are just a casual child’ Husker smiled feeling into the hot luxurious bathing…
‘You suck’ Tygg summed up.
‘As much as you’ Husker collapsed into giggles splashing Tygg with the water. They both been happy and safe for now. And they should respect that luck they had right now. Husker get up and started moving towards Tygg with the hands in front of him, scaring him. 
‘I will get you and hold tightly and it will be bad for you!’ 
‘Haha, stop that!’ Tygg kicked the water and splashed his friend.
‘Besides. I want to talk with you about maturity, like a male with male.’ Husker now become serious, he really hated all this tension and he felt that Tygg need someone to light his mind’
‘Maturity…? Male to male?’ The boy gulped. 
‘You told me that that Goggorott guy was asking you to touch his bum and later he tried to touch your, you know why?’ 
‘I…I know…I guess…I was reading about it’ 
‘You should avoid that guy, he is bad’ 
‘Ehhh, but speaking the truth, I feel like I lost my childhood somewhere behind me…’ Tygg felt ashamed.
‘You probably matured too early Tygg, but now you must become serious or you will die.’
‘Hoo hum…’Husker looked at him and lowered his head and closed his eyes.
‘It is hard to admit, but I feel like I really like you…’
‘Huh?’
‘I will follow you everywhere’
‘Hoo hum…I guess I like you too, if that’s the case, but honestly I don’t know how…’ 
‘Are you serious…’ Husker cracked inside and looked at him like on a retard. Tygg splashed him with the water and tried to avoid the topic.
‘It’s no good to ask! I’m not an idiot, I just don’t know!’ 
‘I see…’ Husker managed to understand, he was wrong, he is still a child, but in the maturing body somehow. Or maybe something happened in that cosmic space to him that it all mixed together, he knew that Tygg was only 8 when he departed, but now he is indeed taller and he looks older… 
‘Shut up, better teach me how to be more mature!’ Tygg tried to hasty him to change the topic. Husker sighed and moved towards him.
‘Alright, you stupid brat’ Husker taunted him.
‘Hey!’
‘Time for giggles!’

Five shadow figures have been suspended into space observing the planet where they have been resting… 

The sunrise rolled in on the scenery. Everyone been rested and ready for the new day, but at the same time all of them had no thought about leaving this comfy place so fast. They planned to spend there maybe a week or longer…beside Tygg.
‘I think we should move quicker’ he said to them in the grand hall, people been passing by them and sometimes looking at such a weird group of personalities. 
‘You kidding, this is too early, Tygg!’ Pawgirus kicked in and for the very first of first time he called him by his name. Tygg smiled to him nastily, he had satisfaction coming from the fact that zombie stars get used to the lazy and safe place. 
‘No, I’m not, we should be ready on the next three days…’
‘I dare to say that this is too early indeed’ said Wölfer fixing his hat on the head, the little star doggie was sitting on his shoulder. Tygg looked at the doggie but when their eyes met, he tried to hide behind the old man. Tygg smiled sadly and then hanged his head feeling how his eyes slowly drying and the annoying depressive feeling is returning. 
‘Just be patient, everyone need rest’ said Tigriserus yawning, they all been full after breakfast. 
‘Alright…’ Tygg sighed resigned, there was nothing he could do and in fact he really desired to rest. He barely slept that night after the bath, and he and Husker been in one bed hugging each other just to ensure that everything is alright and to make their bonds stronger. Tygg was thinking and wondering, he felt like in few minutes he become adult and he felt a disgust to himself at the same time. He and Husker agreed to never again put a foot on that topic. But maybe it was good, when he woke, he had different mindset than before, more mature, and more aware of his leadership. The earthquake hit the planet.
‘What is happening?!’ Tygg panicked, and Hunt was looking though the glassy wall in the sky with bad feelings. 
‘We should move outside...’ he ordered them and they all ran from the building. Then short after a high-pitched squeak roar similar to a goat asounded among the sky. 
‘What’s…’ Tygg fell on his knees covering his ears.
‘Something attacked us…’ Hunter kept looking in the sky. In the outer space, a giant being similar to a goat without a fur, with thin legs and big round eyes with the scary pupils kept roaring, observed by the shadow figures. 
White vortex appeared in the space and Goggorott came out of it.
‘If I am right, then I tracked your energy to there…hmmm?’ he noticed a big being and hold his breath shocked. What was it doing there? It supposed to be in the cosmic beings dimension. He hide behind the asteroid above the planet, observing it, but it only kept roaring just like it wanted allure someone out. So he was right… then he noticed shadow figures observing it. Could them be…? 
Tygg and rest decided to act quickly, Hunt helped them following him by the anti-gravity energy and black hole to get out of the planet, through the stratosphere back to the cosmic space. 
‘What the hell is that thing?!’ Pawgirus asked but the being roared towards them and rushed at them. They all moved up on the asteroid and Goggorott scared that he could be discovered warped away in hiding. But he dropped the stone star on its surface…
They all landed on the rocky field and the being followed them up suspended above them. He was observing them and then Tygg noticed that it have the same scary eyes as the being who had been chasing them before.
‘No way…this is that thing who chased us!’ 
‘That evil being?!’ Wölfer looked at him and then he noticed the stone star. Tygg turned back following his raised arm and then with beating heart he ran towards and grabbed it into his hands panting heavily.
‘H-how…?’ 
‘What it is doing?!’ The being moved up higher and higher and then stopped, then it started diving towards them with a high speed. 
‘It’s going to crash on us and the planet!’ Hunt shout to everyone. Tygg felt how his heart is beating faster and how fear is riding and tossing his nervous system. He felt another depressive desire to cry.
‘That doesn’t matter…!’ he said to himself about finding of the stone star and he pulled his body back standing up and observing the being. It was getting closer and closer and all of them could feel the air pressure pulling them down like a gravity. They could not leave.
‘I barely can move…fuck’ Hunt cussed loudly and everyone apparently been trapped like him. But not Tygg, just like the being wanted to tell him, that he want to pick a fight with him, or everyone will die elsewhere.
Tygg clenched his fists on the broken stone star and some of black matter raised from it and gone. It was not funny anymore, if he won’t do anything everyone will die. The shadow figures who has been observing the show laughed evilly at the fate of these pitiful beings. They weren’t mean to do anything. The being was closer and closer and everyone now been lying, pinned to the surface like a hostages. 
‘Tygg run!’ Husker roared towards him ‘Just run! You are most important to survive!’
‘What the hell are you yelling at me?!’ Tygg roared back ‘We had to survive together!’ his eyes become glassy and few tears dropped from them. It was not fair! It can’t be ending like this. Tygg with heavy breath, cocking on his fear and emotions once again pulled his head up. Being was few meters away from them. He tightened his fingers on the stone star. It will be sink or a swim, it was enough of deaths, he must protect them, and this planet, now or never ever! The stone star glowed a little with the soft bright white light. Tygg closed his eyes and screamed pulling up his left hand with the star and then an invisible flat barrier once again appeared above them, and the being, just like an airplane hitting on the tall building, disintegrated into the star dust hitting the barrier, because it could not stop its body at full speed. Tygg was observing the falling stardust with his semi dropped jaw and widely shocked eyes. Huh? Did he just do that? Did he just…for the very first time protected the planet and everyone from death? The barrier has gone straight after the being was destroyed. Everyone get up struggling, after all, the gravity force drained from their muscles all strength. 
‘What happened?’ Hunt asked and turned back to Tygg ‘Did you do that?’
‘I…I don’t know…I just pulled my arm with it…’ the stone star let a final glow and faded, it was now looking like a normal stone with the cracks all around of its noble surface. 
‘So..it’s hard to believe but…’ Tygg released his breath happy and everyone gathered around him. That victory was too easy, he looked at the stone star. It was possible thanks to you… 
‘…I…I defen…I protected everyone from death!’ He raised his happy voice looking at them. The happiness suspended in air among the black cosmic space among the stardust that finally disappeared. But then the laughers raised once more. Everyone looked towards the source of them and finally all five of them came out of the shadows. A beings similar to robots but with real and muscular legs and arms connected to the black armors similar to the skeleton construction with the muscular ribs and the metallic like spine following down to the armored pelvis. All armor accents was gold-white, they had a noble looking armors. Their heads been real too, but only few of them looked robotic after all. All of them had empty white eyes. One in the center was something that looked like a hellish minotaurus, two other next to his right been like a bat looking being with something on the head that was resembling a helmet, but it had a stardust inside, it also had a bat like wings connected with his arms. Another one had a head of a robotic king with the six-horn crown with tiny golden balls on the top of each of spike. On his right there was a being looking like a jackal with long spiky eyes and long snout and something that was looking like a demon with the long black skull and sharp fangs coming out from his mouth, his face expression was rather silly. All of them been observing them and hooting under their noses with the voices full of evilness. 
‘Who are you?!’ asked angered Tygg, just when they get rid of one problem another popped up!
‘We are the Ruins of Black matter’ said bat being with a squeaking voice, it chuckled in an impish way under his nose. Tygg felt how the fear is raising into him, he felt a powerful pressure coming from them. It was somewhat familiar, just like it was him standing there… it can’t be possible?
‘The trials of your soul lured us here’ said the minotaurus being.
‘You…? I doubt that my soul could even be connected to someone with an evil aura around them!’ Tygg opposed him bravely.
‘What a highly-mouthed young man!’ King opposed him back offended and touched to the bone. Tygg gulped, everyone was observing them, only jackal and alien like demon said nothing, but the demonic being was heavily wheezing with a spluttering sounds coming out from his mouth.
‘We have been leaning towards you to bring a death upon you…because it was written in the stars’ said minotaurus and bat chuckled again but louder. Tygg felt how his body got petrified, his heart started beating faster and faster with every second. 
‘Kill…me?’
‘Since fragments of your soul fulfilled their mission, you are no longer needed…’ he explained, but Tygg was not fully understanding. 
‘What are you blabbing about…’ he asked feeling how his breath is fasting and how his heart is more and more stinging from a tension and horror inside of him.
‘This is a destiny written in the stars’ he summed up and with a high speed, the bat being dived on the surface and shortly after the dust and parts of the rocks raised from his heavy landing, he rushed towards Tygg, piercing  through his chest and raising his body up on his arm just like on a hook. Tygg dropped the stone star as his hand lost a grip. Everyone around froze in a terror.
VOL 37- The Zero of in a Ruin

Everyone been standing like someone hit them in their heads, could not to believe of what they’re seeing. The blood was dropping down the arm of the bat guy, the Tygg’s eyes were wide open in a terror, when inside of his head pulsated an electric impulses, which were informing him about the fact, that his heart has been just ripped like a frail paper thing, and that he, himself was just goning...
‘A...aa...ah...?!’ he gasp out with remaining strength,  feeling an open hand inside of him, all his thoughts gone, he was concentrating now mainly on what just happened, him, now, remain pierced on someone’s wrist...him...was...he..was...and then his sight faded like a light and the conscious has gone, something pulled him back inside of his own head. The stone star was lying nearby, broken and still, next to it was a huge pool of the blood. 
‘Ihihihihi...and that’s it’ the bat with one movement threw a corpse of Tygg on the asteroid, where it landed inanimately. Everyone nailed their eyes on it. How that could happen? Tygg was dead. The bat straightened up and mangled his knuckles chuckling. All of them were staring at him in a big fear, that was not a joke anymore, it was not any shoddy opponent.
‘What are you?’ Silent Hunt asked, he knew that even if he will try to save some time for them, they won’t be able to do much, but he still counted on a miracle to happen. It’s always worth to save as much time.
‘We are children of the darknesses and the stars, none you could ever understand hyh...’ the bat laughed.
‘End this...’ Minotauros growled, on what the bat guy sighed shortly and started slowly walking, he moved towards them. So it was the end for them as well? Though, the Lord of the Black holes seemingly was not that much of a threat to them, that these in front of them, were a solid wall they couldn’t jump over nor destroy with a brute force. Hunt swallowed his salvia thinking desperately what they could be done. Zombie stars looked at each other grimly and then turned their eyes at the Tygg’s body, they knew that the more they will wait, the more dead Tygg will be. But fortunately, the time in the space was flowing differently, slower, and in that black space, the dead body still could be saved. Husker felt how his heart is about to break his ribs, his hands were trembling, and there was a noise inside of his head. Tygg was lying dead in front of him and he could not do anything, why? Why he was there then? He arrived to continue the traverse with him by his side, to continue their journey. It all was like a nightmare that didn’t wanted at any cost to stop. He wanted to wake up to feel a relief. A nightmare that has been tarrying, to with an every passed second, fell into a ruin a psyche of its prey. Star doggie curled up shaking in fear behind Wölfer’s head. The bat was moving closer and closer with even wider nasty grin, ready to kill them all out. All of them move a one step back intuitively, just like their bodies pulled them back, wanting to escape, overwhelmed by the person closing up to them. Then from nowhere a white vortex appeared and swallowed them all inside. Bat stopped with a bland face. 
‘They ran’
‘Should’ve been playing longer...as always!’ Minotauros angered ready to rush on the bat in anger, but he withstood a desire. The bat guy was standing there and staring into a blood puddle left after dragged body of the boy.
‘Yet nothing is lost’ he said and walked towards the reddish blood and kneel in front of the puddle, wet his finger and wantonly sucked it from the blood.
 ‘They must be somewhere nearby. I possibly could sniff them out.’ he said and laughed chokingly. 
‘You are able to find them?’ Minotauros asked. Bat giggled.
‘Don’t forget about who had been your guide to find them. The bat guy stood up, it felt like he had been full of darkness around of him, just like also a whole cosmos was on his demand. He slowly walked towards the edge of the asteroid and looked at the planet they had managed to left in one shape.
‘Ihihihi’ a being of black matter laughed showing his fangs. ‘If there’s no longer a main dish, then a starter should be enough.’
***
‘We must hurry!’ Goggorott raised his voice, he was standing above Tygg, laying on the wooden table, he has been very nervous and aggressive towards everyone. His palm was holding Tygg’s chest, and a strange weak light was shining towards the inside of his open wound, letting the boy to somehow survive.
‘Don’t rush on us!’ Pawgirus shouted back, while was trying to concentrate on sewing together a heart of a boy, laying in front of him. Tigriserus has been standing next to him, holding hand above Tygg, and from where a small threats were coming down from his fingers to Pawgirus hands manipulating them. Husker was sitting in the next room praying, trying to gather his mind together. But a fear was shaking his whole body, strangling him from inside. Hunt and Wölfer had been gone, but his star doggie kept sitting on the windowsill watching the whole emergency.
‘Everything will be fine…endure…endure…’ Goggorott kept repeating nervously under his nose, a boy started breathing much heavier, just like he tried desperately to catch some more breath. Goggorott felt how a panic is filling his mind, he had not knew how to make the boy stop from choking for a breath, he could only imitate his insides a little, just enough to keep him alive. 
‘How long?!’ he roared towards the zombie stars, he realized that he is starting to change, that the perspective of losing that boy indeed is kicking some common sense into him. At least. Somehow. Maybe that was just a bond he created with him.
‘We have just started! It’s not that simple! His whole heart is ripped apart!’ Pawgirus growled, on what Goggorott snorted contemptuously.
‘You are good for nothing’
‘And you?!’ the dog angered harder, they both kept snorting towards each other, but still managing their job. If the boy will die because of them, then all will be in waste. Husker could not listen to this anymore, he passed by them and left the house moving on the outside. The star doggie looked after him concerned, but also worried. He jumped off of the sill and moved after him. Husker took a one heavy deep breath of the fresh air into his lungs, all nerves were eating him from inside. He wanted to cry desperately and he could not hold his emotions, it was another mental disaster. A doggie walked towards him, stopping few foots behind. 
‘All right?’ he asked, on what Husker heavily let out a breath from his mouth, he really wasn’t in the right mood. He sighed heavily.
‘Of course not’ he hanged his head down staring into the light green straw under his feet’s. A little doggie sadden and didn’t know what to do. He should be wary, but after all he had felt that being a little supportive, could help solve the problems.
‘Don’t worry, I’m sure everything will be fine’ he whispered shyly, Husker ignored him and moved forward, just to not stay in place, but walk, away. A doggie jumped surprised and waddled after him through the grass that was giving him a troubles.
‘Why you keep following me?’
‘Because I’m worried’
‘Oh c’mon…’ Husker sighed and stopped, the star doggie was a last thing he needed right now. ‘…You don’t know me…’
‘I mustn't!’ Husker looked over his shoulder at him with a sad look. 
‘Doggie…please, leave me alone, you really don’t understand a thing….’
‘Maybe I’m not, but I’m sure everything will be fine!’ doggie persist, looking at him with a strong look of determination. Husker got a goose bump from that look, it was so weird, he just wanted a peace of mind, not friendship solutions. But somehow that doggie was similar to the one they lost. Husker turned face to face to him and sat on the ground.
‘Tell me, what do you want?’
‘I want you to not worry!’
‘But what exactly you except from me?’
‘I…’ doggie hanged his head, he sadden. ‘I don’t want anything’ he said weepy.
‘Then leave me alone, you don’t know what I feel inside, I want be alone…we won’t make any friends or something, it will be better’ doggie hesitated a moment and then turned back to the house. Husker was observing him for a while and then hung his head. What would it change if he befriended him? Poor thing…he wanted to help him very bad, but he didn’t know how. Husker suddenly felt a lone tear appearing into his right eye. It was from terror inside. He cared for a Tygg’s life and now everything has been put on a stake. Nobody will stand under the starion if one’s die. Suddenly something flashed before his wet eyes and he saw the star doggie hurrying back.
‘He’s alive!’
‘What the hell…’ Husker raised from the ground immediately and both rushed towards the wooden house. He felt like his body has been pierced by billions short electric shocks. That gave him a hope. Husker was observing now how Goggorott is fixing Tygg’s opened chest and after everyone gathered around the table. A boy’s breath was now calmer.
‘It should be enough…though his heart is held together by the stitches, can’t tell how long it will be until it breaks…’ tiger said with a lowered voice. Husker gulped and placed the star doggie on the table. 
‘Do you think he will be fine?’ doggie asked, and Goggorott looked down. Husker was not sure why he is like that, they should be happy that everything got put together again. In a one healthy shape. Doggie moved his sight from a big mammal at the boy and then slowly walked towards his chest, climbed on it and after a while, a soft light covered his body, and short after it was gone inside of him.
‘I think I helped with his heart, tightened its sewing…if I understand…’ doggie said lowly, and then jumped off of Tygg’s chest. Husker was feeling like somebody just gave a second life to both of them, he grabbed the doggie and hugged him tightly.
‘Thank you…so much…’ he breathed unable to hold on himself. Doggie looked happy, and as well rest of the  people in the room been smiling brightly. What a help.
‘Good job you little bean ahahaha’ Goggorott laughed and looked at the boy with a warm smile. He had been such an idiot towards him, maybe it’s never too late to change? He had been right about it.
‘I had forgotten than the star doggies can do such of a things’ Pawgirus muttered under his breath in a wonder, Tigriserus smiled.
‘Making a wish come true?’
‘Ye, I don’t really know how does it works…’ a dog was biting his thumb trying to crack it up. ‘It’s probably not overpowered…’ Tigriserus laughed, when he was thinking about it, it was kind of a horror and pain for a while.
‘It’s a shame that you didn’t recovered his heart’ said Goggorott archly, on what doggie sadden.
‘I’m sorry…’
‘Ehh…more or less, we need give him a rest for now…’
‘And then?’ Pawgirus asked.
‘Mmmm…you think about those who attacked us before?’ Dog nodded, Goggorott sighed.
‘You will stay there for a week or two, for your own safety, then I will kick you out somewhere’ Tigriserus and Pawgirus exchanged looks. It was not a good sign.
‘I think we should depart right now’ Hunt voice spread from the entrance.
‘Yea, this world is very nice, but there’s nothing useful’ followed him Wölfer and the star doggie bounced from the table onto his arm. They both looked very attached to each other.
‘This is a place for the star beings, there’s nothing ‘to be’ said Goggorott with a bored voice, just like it had been something extra obvious. Wölfer ignored him.
‘How ‘bout the boy?’ Hunt asked staring at Tygg.
‘Sew and Safe’
‘It’s good thing he didn’t kicked into the bucket…I mean, did not died, we basically were all out of the time back then…’ Hunt wondered.
‘NOBODY will get out of there’ Goggorott snapped with a growl, both of them got a serious look. It was a bit out of their control, they had forgotten that they can’t basically get out of that place, and such a star being as him, seemingly wanted to kept them all to himself.
‘I think we will need to take care of this with a force then…’ Hunt fixed his glasses, but he felt a little bit panicked as Goggorott straightened up, full of force. He was sure beasting over them.
‘You try to kill me?’ tiger asked playfully and provocatively and began slowly walking towards them.
‘No, but you can’t simply hold us back, we can carry ourselves’
‘Oh, but I don’t care, all I care is that you are here, on my territory, on my service, understood you bum?’ Goggorott pushed Hunt provocatively, but he withstood him and only kept watching his face. He knew that he had no chances. Wölfer grabbed his moon stick.
‘Calm down you two, a boy need rest…’ Goggorott rolled his eyes on him, he was playing with his tongue inside of his mouth and observing an oldman with a fierce wild look. He could rip his throat off, but good for a Tygg was more important.
‘Watch yourself…Hy…’ he growled while massaging the front fangs with his tongue and then turned back to him to transfer Tygg to his bed.
‘You too big cat’ Goggorott turned around in a rage but a while later the room was filled with a flash of the light and the tiger disappeared.
‘Woah…what?’ Zombie stars shocked.
‘I just closed him inside of my stick, I don’t know for how long, but…’ old man sound very amused.
‘He is going to kill us…’ Hunt mind him. Wölfer shrug.
‘It’s better than nothing. Now, let’s place a boy in his bed.’ he ordered and everyone helped.
‘I really hate this guy…’ told them Pawgirus full of negative resignation.
‘He apparently is the one who wanted harass Tygg…I feel weird about being thankful to him’ Husker wondered loud, and everyone exchanged their looks.
‘Eh, there will come a day when you will be thankful to him for who he is boys…life is not a fairy tale’ Wölfer summed, and everyone was looking surprised.

***
Vagös was standing in front of a long metallic table, in a room at the top of the castle. It was pitch black in the room, and the light source which was in the room, has been created by the Lord of the Black holes and had no source. The Lord itself looked like a shadow that stuck upon a wall and he kept glaring with his sharp yellow blinkers. It could be noticed that he managed to regain much more of his strength. His real body still had been in the space, regenerating. He narrowed his eyes stuck on Vagös, who had a blank look on his face, and spots were moving swiftly on his body, shining like a stars. Somewhere in the room could be heard a nasty giggling. Lord looked that way.
‘Could you be gone just for now? I need be on my own…’ he snarled, and a silhouette of a small but fat person has gone somewhere. That was much better for now. Yea.. now he can look at this strong shining body in the silence and enjoy himself. He belongs to him again, and his raw power will be used once again for his schemes. He had no choice after all, he needed to gather additional source of power from somewhere, and this one giant standing in front of him has been a very good material for that. Star doggies were not enough. His plan needed to proceed. Though his race went extinct, he was still able to produce the energy. Yes…indeed. A huge amount of energy, enough to create a new star cluster. What an irony. A being full of an infinite star energy, way more powerful than the star doggies or star beings in general. Lord wondered about his origins, because when he arrived to this world, they still had been existing just like it was nothing to them. Lord squinted his eyes, observing dots of fluid light dancing on his body. He felt a moment of excitation. He regretted that he obliterated them all in a distant past, he discovered their true power just not so long ago…
‘And now Vagös…you who submit to your Lord…’

‘I don’t give a damn that the cosmos is huge! You have to find them!’ Maesadoro thrown with a phone and crashed it against the wall. His face was bloody and he tried his best to cure his injuries. He could not get over of what happened, they were such a precious material for his customers. Not everyone been nice in this black space, there is still lot of bad and evil ones. And living beings can make money too. He didn’t cared how evil he could look in the eyes of all of those nobodies. He rushed downstairs and short after he entered the dungeons. Lots of lots of cages has been set there, and inside been naked boys. Naked and unconscious girls had been hanged upon a ceiling on the long ropes. In front of him were set cages with the monsters roaring and causing a rumble, but they could not escape from the titanic cells. His nose was runny from his own blood. He licked his lips and closed wooden doors behind. Boys looked at him with terror on their faces, they clearly knew about something bad that is going to happen. He smiled nastily and his eyes flashed. He entered on a safe platform to look at them all from heighs. Everything looked now more comfy in the light of the torches on the walls, and the blood traces were glimmering in the soft darkness. He suddenly laughed. He is going to take these monsters with him for a hunting.  
‘You know that an army needs a strong and vicious soldiers, boys…you need be like an iron under your general…’ Maesadoro lowered his head and glared them with a dark griming look. It was all for real. He has been raising them from a little, holding them against their will and forcing them to watch monsters brutally raping the girls in chains in front of them. He licked his lips lecherously, he felt that he is getting hard. Just now it could be noticed that the boys have a heavy chain locks on their wrists and legs. From time to time they had been used by the monsters if Maesadoro was bored. He also had been forcing boys to fight with them. Just for a routine. Now in the light it could be seen that the boys are skinny and have traces of a beat ups on their bodies. 
‘It’s a time for a taming, boys…’ Maesadoro rubbed his crotch in front of them and pulled down a lever on the wall releasing a wild and buff monsters. 
‘I will create from you a perfect soldiers…’ he squinted his eyes observing terror on their faces as the monsters rushed towards the girls. His face was wild and nasty and light flame was casting a shadow dancing wildly on it. He looked mad like never. It was a last form period in a longer while for them. He need absolutely fall them into a ruin. Destroy them to make them stronger. And then go on the hunting. Now in that moment nobody could be more even to each other. All of them been just an ordinary animal.

‘But in fact, why you let them go?’ asked stertorously a curious ruin with a long skull head. Bat ruin looked at him surprised, but he grinned after a while.
‘For a dare’
‘I knew you will do it’ said king ruin ‘It’s so lowly of you’
‘Hehe…shut up bitch’ bat snarled amusingly.
‘But that won’t give us anything, shouldn’t it be better to just destroy them?’ asked alien like ruin scratching his long head. Bat sighed, all of them been standing on the asteroid observing pieces of a destroyed planet floating in space. They all were propping against some kind of a ledge they grown from the asteroid surface. They wondered about Tygg’s location, but there was no physical sign of his presence anymore, just like he disappeared. They had been no different than a black hole- they were consuming planets and people on them as well.
‘I don’t know why you bother…’
‘Maybe because we need take his soul?!’ Minotauros angered. Bat was looking down. He honestly thought that it was stupid, there’s a lot of eatable beings, why he desired that guy so much? Anubis ruin walked away from them. Bat followed after him with his eyes, over his shoulder. 
‘What’s the matter?’ and then anubis stopped, suspense could be feel in the air for a longer while. Rest of the ruins turned back too. 
‘Do you felt something?’ asked skull alien ruin. A bright light flashed and the whole asteroid exploded. Anubis disappeared in the white vortex.
‘Kho…khe…what a faggot…’ bat ruin cussed coughing from the dust raised after the cosmic rock fell apart. Minotaurus was staring at place where anubis disappeared, he felt a little sense of danger and a fear. Was that white vortex for real?
‘We will then move faster…and bring everything back to zero…’ he said and his voice cracked a little.

Tygg and Husker been standing behind the wooden house, a little star doggie and star tiggery been standing behind them, observing. 
‘You really feel all better?’ Husker asked him unsurely, Tygg took a deep breath and released, his heart stung him.
‘I feel a little more sting…’ he hung his head in a wonder. Wind was blowing softly, ruffling their furs and Tygg’s cape. His suit was fixed by zombie stars again and the was made all yellow again with a black cape.
‘You wonder what to do right now?’ Husker asked, just like he could listen to Tygg’s thoughts. Tygg raised his head and smiled.
‘I guess I know…’ both star beings come closer to them.
‘You want to go?’ 
‘And to have some adventures on our own…’ said Tygg cheerfully turning towards Husker and then he noticed star beings behind him. 
‘Take us from there!’ he shouted merrily to them ‘Where a blackness of space is!’ Husker glanced behind at them. Both of them exchanged their looks, and after a while all gone inside of a white vortex.
Vol 38- The Cosmic Cavalliers

They both landed in the dark space. Again.
‘Yes! It worked out, now it should take them a while to locate us’ Tygg bucked, and both doggie and tiggery been circling them in a dance.
‘You kept a stone star with you?’ Husker asked remembering that that was really important back then. In fact they had a discussion about it when Tygg was unconscious and everyone agreed that it must be protected at any cost, at least for now.
‘A…I forgot it…’ boy felt how something heavy sunk into his guts, without it, they both were helpless… Husker laughed.
‘When you been resting, we had discussion about it, apparently this thing can make wishes.’ Tygg blinked and then hung his head. In fact when he think about this now…and now they need it to take care of their new powerful enemies.
‘We need to carry on without it for now…’ Tygg smiled sadly.
‘But we can make wishes!’ doggie pitpitched.
‘What?’
‘We are star beings’ little tiger danced around them happily.
‘But we have our limits’ tiger clipped doggie in his head, and he curled down scared. Husker wanted to scold him.
‘Which means…’
‘Each of us can make only 3 wishes per amount of time…but we don’t know how long it is’ Tygg wondered. Maybe it would be better to not travel with any special powers for now, he had think, that they bringing a bad luck upon them, or danger. But maybe right now he was getting paranoid.
‘I don’t feel like we should be casting it…’ said Tygg staring into a two star beings.
‘That little doggie saved your life with that power’ Husker smiled cocky ‘Your heart would not survive if not for him’ Tygg placed his hand on his chest feeling into his heart beat. He also kept feeling a small and repetitive stinging. Boy felt scared and got dizzy.
‘Alright…alright…’ he said while losing little of balance, Husker hold upon his breath, he saw that clearly, so after all Tygg’s condition was still bad.
‘So where do we start?’ asked doggie earnestly. Tygg was thinking.
‘If you can read my mind, then you can make us a sliders…’ Tygg closed his eyes and exert his imagination, he didn’t know if that make any sense, but it was worth of it. His heart got a little cramp. Doggie closed his little eyes and after a while it flashed around them and two sliders appeared. One golden-white other silvery-white. Tygg slowly opened one eye and in a second later he shouted in a joy. 
‘How did you…?!’ he grabbed golden one. Husker hesitantly walked towards the second device.
‘What is that?’
‘Something like a motorcycle to travel through space…I will show you’ Tygg hopped on the back of his slider and bounced high into space and make a few fast circles. Husker dropped his jaw. 
‘So one wish behind us’ Tygg landed. Husker looked around and noticed an average asteroid, he pointed it.
‘Let’s come over there and rest, we will plan rest of the journey’

In that very moment everyone realized that Tygg and Husker had gone.
‘Nowhere! They are nowhere!’ Tigriserus alarmed everyone in the house. Hunt hit the wall with a fist.
‘They can be anywhere…’
‘My doggie must be gone with them…’ oldman pointed.
‘Can it help us somehow?’ Hunt looked at him.
‘I dare to say…but…’
‘He is going to kill us…’ Pawgirus shivered over a thought that Goggorott might find out the situation. ‘After all he is still an Immortal Star!’
‘But we can take this stone star and return to our world…’ Tigriserus whisper into his ear. Dog looked at him shone over his brilliance. 
‘How do we get outta here?’ Hunt asked Wölfer, the oldman think. 
‘It would be reasonable to search for some star doggies…’ Wölfer smiled realizing obvious things. ‘There’s a chance that one will take us from here…’

Tygg with Husker and star beings set a fire on the asteroid, camping there. Little tiger made a wish for them, in addition all had some dessert to eat. A flame was cracking among the rocks. 
‘Ahhh…it’s been so long since I ate something like this…’ Tygg could not stop be amazed by the random sweets that the little being created out of nowhere. It had a consistency of a pudding, but it tasted like a cookies mixed with the honey. A little bit bitter-sweet. 
‘We should not waste our wishes like that…’ Husker said serious. But Tygg only laughed and ignored him. 
‘We should find some peaceful place and rest there, don’t be so tragic’ boy waved his hand arrogantly, but dog did not looked amazed. It was that time where they should treat it all for serious. Both beings started playing chase around them. Tygg could swear that both of them swallowed their portions instantly. Tygg laughed but suddenly hung on his head sad.
‘What’s the matter?’ Husker caught up his mood change.
‘I wonder about them…’ Tygg lowered his voice. For some reason Pete and rest popped up in his head. He should not have good time while they are dying…but…he supposed to fight back against these thoughts, doesn’t he?
‘You mean your companions? Ehhh…Tygg…’ Husker sighed.
‘I’m sorry, it was so sudden…I’m sorry…’ boy whipped his glassy eyes and finished his meal and get up. ‘We should go!’ 
‘Alright Capitan’ Husker laughed, he finished his meal too and hopped on his slider. But he never learned how to use it so he bounced with a high speed up, and crashed onto asteroid above. 
‘Husker!’ Tygg shouted in fear, boy landed in silence. ‘are…ARE YOU OK!?’ boy ran towards him. Dog was astonished and kept massaging his nose. 
‘Please, show me again how to use it…’  Tygg chocked a laugher. He supposed not to laugh from his friend, but now at least he regained some of his good mind. Boy turned towards the star tiger. 
‘Can you take us where are those I have right now in mind?’ he asked carefully. Both beings looked at him and then little tiger closed his eyes concentrating, the light flashed and they both appeared in a village on an unknown planet.
‘Huh?!’ Tygg looked around. ‘Are you sure…’
‘Yea!’ little tiger looked proud of himself, but maybe he misunderstood Tygg’s thoughts, as indeed, people around been small and green and had tiny black eyes, and sharp elf ears, but none of them been one of his companions. Tygg sadden. They wasted a wish on a misunderstood.
‘People are gathered up there, maybe we should ask…’ Husker pointed at the crowd and the market far ahead of them. Tygg sadden.
‘Don’t…’ 
‘Why?’
‘I think this little one just took us in a wrong place.’ Their sliders landed in the moody water on the ground.
‘Uh oh…ok…’ Husker hesitated. 
‘Maybe we should go an find some rest’ 
‘I don’t understand, what is the hell going on with you…’ Tygg looked at him.
‘What you mean…’ he felt a sting of a fear inside.
‘I will be honest with you like a male with male, your childish behavior, mixed with your depressive self and this playhood of a hero are retarded, what the hell Tygg!’ Husker looked a little bit unnerved. 
‘How could you…’ Tygg lowered his head, just like he felt guilty.
‘Ah…whatever…I honestly feel like it all will lead us to something unpleasant’ Husker walked away a little and stopped. Sighed. He had no choice.
‘If you are really going to continue this…’
‘I just want to live of what I got to live…’ Tygg said suddenly, Husker turned to him surprised. 
‘Maybe…maybe I’m younger than you, maybe weak, but if I won’t be acting up, then Lord of the Black holes and these Ruins of Black matter, or something else will surely get us and kill us in no time…’
‘But Tygg… is not play…’ 
‘As if!’ Tygg looked at him raw and angry. Both beings looked scared. Husker opened his mouth and then closed it. He cleared his throat.
‘Alright, just this one time, let’s do something as you want’ Tygg smiled. Husker turned back. ‘I don’t trust into you…’ he whispered as low as possible. 
‘Thank you’
‘Just…don’t look for the stars in the sky, they are within you…’ Husker turned back to him and forced a smile on his face. Tygg felt stronger sting in his heart. A heat spreading through his body. 
‘Is that part of the Starion?’ 
‘Well…you can treat it like...’ Tygg blinked surprised. He raised his head.
‘I wonder if it will be really possible for us to land among them for real…as one of them’ Husker followed him and after a while he smiled, thought the sky was black from clouds. His heart fasten. 
‘Maybe we can become one of them…’ he smiled even more trying to wag with his cut tail. Star beings looked behind Tygg.
‘I…I’ sorry you Sir’s…’ a little green girl come to them.
‘What’s the matter?’ Husker asked.
‘Can I borrow your stuff and buy some food for myself…?’ she asked shyly.
‘?!’
Vol 39- The „We will chase after You!”

Few minutes before

‘Huh? Why that?’ asked Husker seeing how Tygg ripped a hole on the chest into his suit. The boy looked at him amused. 
‘It’s for marking’ he laughed, the star beings watched him in a consternation, for some reason there was going something big...
‘Ah...I see...it’s some kind of a vow?’ asked Husker and Tygg smiled.
‘Mmm...it’s a sign, to show off my struggle’ Husker looked surprised, he completely not expected that kind of a thought from Tygg.
‘You becoming melancholic...’ he laughed, Tygg lowered his head in a wonder. Was it an insult under his name? He thought that Husker will encourage him after all...but he decided to get over it.
‘Furthermore, let’s finally hop on these and move forward, as the Cosmic Cavaliers!’ Tygg jumped towards nearby golden like slider and stand it up ready for the voyage. Husker gulped and opened his mouth, there was still unburden things that they need to settle before.  
‘Wait...Do we have any plan for what’s next? You seem to jump off the conclusion...’
‘We can think about that on the way, I don’t feel like I can stand still anymore, I’m on a sugar rush after all this meal, I feel really optimistic’ Tygg hopped at place unable to hold on his energy that was burning inside of his body. The two star beings started bouncing around them in a dance and humming an unknown, but rather a cheerful song. 
‘C’mon Husker...please...what else we can do here...’ Tygg begged him and the boy sighed and gave up, he stood in front of his own slider grabbing it tightly like a rudder, unsure to what to do next. 
‘So... how to use it? Again?’ 
‘Just bounce up holding it!’ Shouted Tygg and did as he said raising up very fastly leaving the dog boy with the shocked and confused face. The two beings followed golden slider up into the cosmic darkness. They all stopped after few meters and observed him. 
‘Well...ok...’ Tygg laughed. It appeared that both of them started having some great sense of adventure. But when Husker overcome his dizziness, he looked at that one young tiger and something flashed through his mind, how happy and innocent he is right now, how he is enjoying his tiny adventure in this huge world and how he was lacking a shoulder given to him by Husker. The dog boy hanged his head, he felt uneasy, maybe Tygg’s moods are passing on him...that would be pretty sure disastrous and unpleasing. Husker smiled and looked back at Tygg who was observing him.
‘Let’s go on the voyage’ he smiled brightly to him, and both star beings hummed, dancing around both of them. Tygg nodded softly and grabbed his slider showing him the way, leading with the starries above his weakling shoulders. Husker was looking shortly after Tygg’s backs and then lowered his head. They really need to think about a plan for all of this.
‘You never thought about what will happen when they get you and prison?’ Husker asked him. 
‘Prison?’ Tygg glanced back surprised but after seeing his serious face he looked away. 
‘I don’t want you to go there…’ Tygg felt embarrassment. 
‘Don’t worry…’ 
‘Tygg…’ 
‘I-I won’t get prisoned, stop worrying…’ Husker sighed. Star being exchanged their looks. 
‘We do better set some fire and rest for a while…’ 

[Present]
‘What you want?!’ Tygg googled his eyes. A small girl was wearing a simple cloth looking like a pajama, in fact, all of them were dressed poorly, just like they had no money at all. 
‘Your things…I want sell them and make huge amount of money!’ a little girl begged. Tygg sadden and looked at Husker. 
‘But we can’t give it to you…what happened?’ Tygg tried to be nice and hide a sting in his voice. Girl looked bashed. She lowered her head at the sliders. 
‘You can tell us…maybe we can help’ Husker smiled to her. She looked at him and he felt a little frightened by her small black eyes. 
‘It was Lord of the Black holes’ she had sound like judging. Tygg tightened his fists, something stung him inside, maybe because of the adrenaline. 
‘So…’ Husker continued ignoring little girl who tried to carry one of the sliders away. Tygg was breathing heavily through his nose.
‘We were robbed from everything, as a punishment for hiding a one star doggie’ she said blankly and struggled with a heavy metallic cosmic bike.
‘What does that mean…’
‘You really don’t get that Sir? We have been robbed from all resources, we are almost extinct’ she fell on the wet ground and cussed. Tygg was shocked by her behavior. Such a small girl… Tygg suddenly pulled his body to help her carry the slider. 
‘I will take this, you can have one’ he smiled to her, she looked at him shocked.
‘Woah! Thanks Sir!’ Tygg looked confused, maybe he shouldn’t be so hasty, but after all they have a doggie and tiggery. Someone looking like a beige bird gone behind one of the wooden houses. He fellow with him a some tall eagle looking white guy. Tygg’s heart bumped.
‘Hey Husker…I recognize him’
‘Huh? Who?’ 
‘.…I will tell you later’ he lowered his voice. Dog looked at him dumbfounded. He turned behind and looked at crowd. 
‘Ya know, I do better ask someone for some food or something’ he pointed at the crowd and Tygg nodded to him. Husker walked away. He didn’t wanted to show his anger to that little girl, but he was boiling inside. He suffered from that Lordy faggot too.
‘Well, where is your house little girl?’ Tygg asked pulling a slider on the ground. She ran few meters away and stopped in front of a one, pointing at it. Tygg smiled and helped her to carry both sliders. Inside was empty with just one table. 
‘You have nothing besides?’ he asked shocked. She shook her head. 
‘Are you two an aliens?’ she asked.
‘Somehow…we were looking for a place to rest’ he explained her. 
‘Everyone on our planet is almost dead.’ she followed her story. Tygg sighed softly trying to overcome a huge sting in his chest. Something was telling him to better be careful with his anger. Little star beings jumped on the table observing them.
‘We have some leftovers and such…but we are shitty poor’
‘Please, don’t use such a language?’ Tygg sadden.
‘Why fucking not?’ she looked at him. 
‘It won’t make you adult, it’s just rude’
‘What fucking ever, we are all going to die Sir!’ she shrug. Tygg gulped little scared. What if they will get robbed and beaten by the villagers? 
‘So…that Lord guy…you know something more? Maybe we can help?’
‘I don’t think so…’ her voice was blank and dry like a sand ‘People tell that everyone in this cosmos are poor thanks to him, stupid faggot…’ Tygg felt dizzy, he held his breath for a while. So…all met people were in fact robbed and ruined by him? So even his planet? All people across the cosmos space were ruined and slowly dying from poorness? Just by this one guy? He remembered Silent Hunt and his rich planet. Something boiled inside of him. So…slavery, poorness, death…demise… were all held upon a people who did not cooperated with him? So, all those rich places…were a result of a one big cosmic deal? Stung in his chest raised, he clenched his fists. 
‘Alright then…’ he lowered his voice ‘…if you want this…then I’m going to regain everyone from you…this is decided…’
‘Hey Tygg!’ Husker found them thanks to the open door. ‘I have got some food, here, see? That was easy’ he smiled towards the girl giving her sweet buns. 
‘T-thank you…Sir…’ she blushed, Husker looked proud from himself.
‘Hey you…how many wishes do we left?’ Tygg sound serious, he spoke towards the star tigger. Both being exchanged looks.
‘One’ he respond cheerfully.
‘Then return to these people all robbed resources that can be regained’ Tygg ordered to him, shaking from anger. Little being closed its eyes and shone, and short after a huge loud noise outside rolled across the planet. Tygg ran outside. He saw a miracle caused by the little star being, as people keep crying gathering around the all kind of resources that appeared out of nowhere on a huge empty field behind the main road and houses. He raved over that look with a happiness and relief from depths of his heart. He made a decision. He will give them that little tigger. Two bird like beings blinked in the corner of his sight. He looked that way and slowly walked towards the building. 
‘Hehehe… that star brat and his star causing miracles…’ a tall white eagle guy with a black beak and a black military suit laughed. He had a medium-size gun hanging on his back. He has a huge white-black wings and black dots covering his bright yellow eyes. 
‘Sure sure’ beige bird in the scarf and tall top hat laughed too.
‘We will follow him and attack him from a surprise hehehe…’ he laughed, and punched the wooden wall of the house. Tygg froze and realized how bad the situation become. Now they are targeted and have no way of self defense…

‘So what we should be doing?’ Husker asked, both of them had a warm bath in the barrel outside. It was already night. It was so nice of people in the village to whom they talked about returned goods, little girl allowed them to sleep in her house tonight, and she got two comfy beds by the end of the day, thanks to the quick actions of all people. Little tiger agreed on staying, now both of star beings has been sitting with the little girl. She agreed to let them keep both sliders. 
‘I don’t know…I thought I can fight them bare handed, but…’ Tygg bit his lip and then started picking his teeth’s from a stress. His heart stung even more. Tygg sighed heavily. 
‘I’m really scared…you had been right…’ he looked guilty and he slapped the water with a fist. Husker smiled sadly. 
‘You must not feel bad about yourself, we can always try and lure them away, especially from the planet’
‘I’m such a moron…’ boy grabbed his head and started tearing his fur. 
‘Calm down…’
‘How can I? It’s my fault…we got lucked out’
‘Relax’ Husker closed his eyes and lowered himself in the water, he had a huge comfort on his happy face ‘We had a huge feed, we helped them, they will help us…’ 
‘I can’t use anyone for my own safety’ Tygg grumped, Husker laughed and drank some of the water, now was coughing.
‘But…kheh….bueh…We can tell them about the danger, I’m sure that they will want to defend themselves’
‘You don’t get that at all…’ Tygg hang down his head.
‘Mmmm…oh my gosh you are so boring’ Husker stretched and relaxed. ‘You can’t be a hero on your own, you still playing dumb’
‘I want to be a hero and protect them, all of them’
‘What…’ Husker looked at him surprised.
‘You got no idea, everyone suffer because of Lord of the Black holes, all planets’ Husker rolled his eyes. 
‘Gheez…’ 
‘Just let me be’
‘OK, shut up, I want relax before this mess…’ Husker sound offensive. He indeed was annoyed by Tygg’s naiveness… ‘We have still a star doggie, we can move them away in one wish’ he noticed. Tygg looked up at him excited.
‘Oh right! We just can lure them away and make a wish!’ He clouded out, happily. Husker smiled. Critical thinking Tygg…you better learn that for your own good… 
‘Husker…’
‘Mmm?’
‘You still believe into me? Being a hero?’ 
‘.…Half of belief…’
‘But you still follow me…’
‘Because you are so dumb and will fall in your own demise without me’ Husker looked angry, he really wanted rest.
‘But you will follow me?’
‘What’s that…!?’ He sat angry. Tygg held on his breath. Husker blinked and moved towards him with a face close to his. 
‘Are you taunting me…you little stinky brat?’ Husker felt how his gut shrunk. Tygg looked aside shocked and scared, what Husker meant by that? He only meant one thing… 
‘Ummm…because we still don’t have our super hero motto…’ 
‘SHUT YOUR TRAP!’ dog roared punching the water and splashing it around. He stand up in the water, feeling despair, that it’s going be their last. ‘I JUST WANT A LITTLE-SMALL HUG FROM MY FRIEND! That’s all!’ 
‘I might want to hug you too, but that’s not important’
‘What the fuck! I will teach you more than that!’ 
‘You trying to shape me like Goggorott, speaking by what I learned from you, I like myself.’
‘I like myself too! But we are there and alone and there is no sure about tomorrow, and we are young and we can die in any moment! We are still too young to be a family DAMN IT!’ Boy dog raged and splashed Tygg with the water.
‘You like yourself but you hitting on me huh?’ Tygg looked at him unimpressed, he was playing with him for the very first time, he felt like he really get older.
‘There is nothing healthier than a close male relationship!’ Husker kicked the water and regretted that as his leg get hurt a little. ‘Ouch… damn it, stupid water!’ Tygg laughed.
‘Shut your damn trap or I will shut it!’
‘But seriously now…he is terrorizing the planets left and right…Husker…’ Tygg looked at him sad but serious, something stung him in his chest. Husker looked terrified, why so sudden, he is obsessed about his heroism, suddenly Husker sadden about Tygg’s mindset…but what Tygg in fact wanted to do with that mess…? 

Wölfer and Hunt were walking through a magnificent star forest in search for the star beings, but apparently all of them hide from their sight as they saw them lighting out. 
‘I tell you… this is pointless…’ Hunt sighed, but old man just laughed. 
‘No, no, trust me’
‘What about those zombies? We let them get out with the stone star…’ Hunt complained angrily. They literally just slip away in a second as they turned away, that made the situation even worsen. 
‘I think we must trust them’ Wölfer sighed. ‘Maybe they will find Tygg and my doggie somehow’
‘You are so old and naive’ Hunt couldn’t believe of what he heard. ‘You…’
‘Shh!’ oldman ran forward and in a last moment stopped a one of the star doggie. 
‘Hey! Wait!’ Hunt followed him with bumping heart, so they still could have count on a miracle…
‘Don’t be scared…we won’t hurt you’ Wölfer smiled as he lowered his head towards the little doggie that was shaking in fear. 
‘You won’t…?’ it pit-pitched.
‘Haha, don’t worry, I have had a doggie too, but that’s the problem we must find his scent…may we use your nose little SIR?’ 
‘Ask him to take us away from there’ Hunt hurried him up, but Wölfer ignored him. Doggie analyzed of what he had heard for a longer while.
‘Well…ok!’ he cheered up. Wölfer brightened. Something flashed and a figure made form light got released from his staff and landed few meters away holding in his strong hands two beaten werewolves. He was covered in blood and breathing heavily. Goggorott has become freed. Hunt moved back in alert.
‘You better take us away right now…’ he said lowering his voice towards the doggie shaking from fear and confusion. 
‘I…I’m goin…to kill you...all…’ he breathed out heavily chocking on his words.

Lord of the Black holes was standing with Vagös among the snowy forest in front of the black domes and thinking. It was that time where he can hurt that brat way deeply than as if he wounded him directly… but in fact he didn’t know what it will bring upon him, what will he gain more than pure satisfaction. He was not sure as if that makes any sense. He will bring them from demise, to life, and then send them with their brainwashed companion to hell, where he will murder them all anew. 
‘You will all gather…soon…’ he said in a mutter to himself.
Far far from that place, a black hole eating Tygg’s planet started slowly pulsing. In one moment, a part of the planet that had been eaten by the hole, succumbed into a demise and fell apart, sucked inside as a black matter, with all that survived. Only a one half of the planet left suspended in the space, but it slowly covered into a chaos after another part of the planet has degraded.
***
On the next day Tygg and Husker hopped on their sliders and with a star doggie hanging around them they left the planet. Little girl and star tiggery waved them good bye. They noticed that the two birds are slowly moving after them. They stayed alerted. 
‘Listen…we now should be careful…’ Husker warned Tygg and he held on his breath. 
‘I know, but I’m really scared…my heart is beating like a crazy’ he put a hand on his chest, it was stinging inside just like his sewed heart could not after all endure all of the danger of situation. He started praying for it to endure. Tygg closed his eyes tightly. He must not think about it, just do their things. They are criminals after all from what he listened. They wanted kill everyone on the planet after they deal with them. Husker made a one fast spin on his slider around Tygg and the little doggie followed him. 
‘Ok, they are after us…’  he lowered his voice, he did that to check their surrounding. 
‘What we can do…?’ Tygg asked thinking rapidly. After all they realized that just dropping them away from the planet won’t be enough. They were still dangerous criminals. 
‘We must fight them back of course’ Husker said smiling, but he truly could not imagine that. He never fought. ‘You said before that someone taught you few things…’ Tygg sadden and grabbed his stinging chest.
‘I…I’m not sure of that…’ 
‘Huh?’
‘I feel like I still need learn to fight…’ Tygg smiled sadly closing his eyes. He break down inside on his spirit.
‘So, you can’t do anything to them!?’ Husker almost shout out. He was disorientated and angry at the boy, he thought it’s opposite, this is why he agreed on this bullshit. They stopped. As well as the one’s following them. 
‘I…I can try but we must rely on that little one here…’ Tygg looked at the small doggie. Suddenly both birds separated. Beige one moved back and the tall hawk-eagle guy landed on the asteroid under him waiting for something. 
‘Hey…I think they noticed we lure them…’ Tygg panicked pointing at them. 
‘Holy shit…so he is going after that planet and the other one…?’ 
‘I think he is waiting for something…’
‘It’s a trap Tygg…they know…’ Husker looked feared, he was pale under his fur and his eyes become glassy. Tygg opened his jaw and his heart started stinging more aggressively. They were so dumb, again.
‘I…’ Tygg closed his eyes and tight his fists. If they won’t act now, they will fail and everyone will die! That was serious! 
The tall eagle guy has been standing on the asteroid turned with his backs to them and waiting. He smiled. Just like a little kids, they couldn’t become even more obvious in their doings. But they are adults. They are not that dumb, and they can reverse the situation at will. He felt a desire to laugh. Soon the stone star will belong to them. Soon they will rob that planet and kill everyone…
‘Hold right there!’ eagle turned his head a little. Finally.
‘We won’t forgive you your evil schemes against people of that planet!’ Tygg shouted, he felt excitation inside. It was their first time where they will stop a serious criminal with their new made up motto. His heart stung badly.
‘We came from the within black hole!’
‘the Two brightening star-lights!’
‘Tyggarman!’
‘Husker...’
‘We, of the cosmic blackness crawlers...’  Tygg started.
‘...Till the universes ends...’ Husker followed up. He really tried.
‘We will chase after you!’ They both finished by making a pose, while pointing towards him through the crossed arms while standing in a profile position towards him. 
BAM!
Husker standing on his left, just like in a film played in a slow motion, has fallen back from a shot. Tygg felt how everything had stopped around him, just like his huge dream turned into a nightmare in splits of a seconds. He felt how he is turning towards Husker just like he had been stuck in a tar. At that moment he become just a one innocent and helpless child slowly hitting a conscious of a big panic and desperate weeping.
BAM! BAM! BAM!

There was no more hero, just a small helpless kid crying out loudly.
‘Husker…HUSKER! SOMEONE…I BEG…HELP! HUSKER WILL…!’ a little star doggie was curled down on the asteroid away from them behind the sliders. They decided to left them as a surprise against the opponent. Husker lost his conscious and Tygg could not stop his tears and trembling. No, not again! He lied down on his chest crying, with a face full of snots form his nose. Just like a one helpless child, like little no one in a huge vast world put against his own naive actions. 
‘Haha…! I’ve got him…Now give up and give us your miraculous stone!’ A huge pool of the blood appeared under the white husky dog. He had four holes in his chest. Tygg heart got a cramp, but his rage raised. He get up from the ground and wiped snots and tears, take off his helmet and threw it away. He had enough of it. He felt a huge cramp in his whole chest. He roared and run towards the eagle guy with a wild look in his eyes. He wanted to kill him. With his bare hands. He suddenly stopped and feel on his knees few meters between him. It was bad. His heart caught another cramp. He was breathing heavy and observing an eagle guy walking slowly towards him. He could not move a single muscle. A little star doggie appeared near to Husker trying to wake him. The boy regained conscious but everything was blurred. He coughed and realized that he is breathing heavily. But he thought that he must not to breathe in space, somehow? 
‘Doggie…’ Husker raised his head and saw Tygg in front of him, he noticed that he is not moving and he realized the worst. His heart was not fully recovered after all. He put his head back and took a calming breath, feeling how his whole body is slowly stiffing. So that was an end after all? He had to choose between what is good and what is needed? 
‘Please…doggie… as alive I am, exchange my life for Tygg’s recovery…save his life…’ Husker cough out his wish. Though with a struggle. Little doggie hung his head in sadness. 
‘I can’t…’ Husker opened his eyes and looked at the little one next to his head. 
‘But you can make a wish!’ doggie looked even more insular of himself. He was avoiding his look. 
‘I am unable to do such a thing…and besides…I made a last wish for that little girl…she was nice so I wanted be nice back…’ he pit-pitched closing his eyes and covering his head with his little paws. His tail was hidden under his backs. He knew the situation and a terrible outcome that happened to them. Husker felt how everything is spinning and how his last breath is slowly going out of him. He cursed with the backup of his conscious and just in a spinning, everything slowly gone. 
BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM…! 

Every night during a naked full moon, I feel a sight on me,
a smell of a grass, and the aura from back of those days.
Just like a part of that magic has been taken away from me.
I am alright though, and I know it, but during nights in the dreams,
just a one thought is passing by again…
That on the bottom of my mind, was left your trail,
very deep inside, you are like a music into me,
very deep inside, was left your trial, and a big grief,
Because this world has been mistaken…

Please purchase the full book to support the author!


