 



THE CROSSOVER

by
Larry Kollar




Copyright © 2013 Larry Kollar
All rights reserved.
• • •
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
For republishing permission, please contact the author at lkollar@gmail.com.
Other Books by Larry Kollar
White Pickups (Book 1 of the Truckalypse)
Xenocide
Accidental Sorcerers (Accidental Sorcerers, Book 1)
Pickups and Pestilence (Book 2 of the Truckalypse) (April 2013)
Water and Chaos (Accidental Sorcerers, Book 2) (Summer 2013)
Contents
Acknowledgements
Chapter 1 – At Tirfa-Wold
Chapter 2 – Far from Home
Chapter 3 – The Plot
Chapter 4 – Bomb Threat
Common Terms and Phrases
Excerpt: Accidental Sorcerers
Excerpt: Heroes and Vallenez, by Angela Kulig
About the Author
Acknowledgements
No author works alone, and I’m no exception.
I learn something new with every new project. This time, the big lesson was that you have to be careful about making the reader feel what the characters are feeling. I blogged the beginning of Chapter 2 as a #FridayFlash (titled “Far from Home”), and got a ton of negative feedback, because the readers were feeling the sensory overload of the characters. Whoops! So if I was wearing a hat, I’d doff it for those of you who commented on that piece.
Closer to home, no pun intended, thanks to my wife Margaret and my grandson Mason for adjusting the work-writing-life balance, even when I really didn’t want it adjusted. Beta readers, Craig W.F. Smith and Angela Kulig, pointed at several things that needed fixing. And once again, Angela found the artwork that became the cover.
And, as always, thank you, the readers, reviewers, and bloggers who help to spread the word!

— “FAR Manor”
January 2013

Chapter 1 – At Tirfa-Wold
If the sun shone anywhere this morning, it was east of the Avenger Flotilla. Clouds overspread the sky above, but the morning sun cut through a line of open sky along the horizon, turning the sails golden. A stiff northwest wind moved the three ships quickly through the choppy water along the northern coast.
At the first glimpse of sunlight, the lookout on the flagship Holy Crusade winded a horn; in response, crew and soldiers filed through the hatches onto the deck of each ship. The soldiers’ uniforms sported the emblem of Ak’koyr: the seven Rounds rising to Heaven, with the sun beneath. But among those on the third ship, Hand of the Divine, were six men wearing no uniform. These were impressees from Roth’s Keep, brought aboard with some cost to the press gang. They milled around the deck, trying to find a place away from the others.
“Close to shore,” one whispered. “Prob’ly due north of Roth’s Keep too. We could jump overboard and swim for it.”
“This wind put us a good ways east by now, Endrik. It would be two weeks’ march at a minimum,” said the tallest one, chewing his long black mustache. “If someone left us a cache of gear and food, we might make it.”
“So you think we ought to just ride along, Lodrán?”
“I don’t have any better ideas at the moment.” Lodrán shrugged. “And neither do you.”
“Face—home!” an officer bellowed. “Salute!”
All on board turned to face the same direction—toward Ak’koyr, as best they knew. They put palms to their heads and bowed, except the impressees. These, after ensuring nobody was watching, chose to tap their foreheads with one finger—a salute to an inferior, and thus a calculated insult. Hundreds of voices sang out, ringing over the waves:

Hail, Ak’koyr, hail!
Lifting Camac’s holy light.
Thy banner shall prevail
Against all forces of the night!

Hail, Ak’koyr, hail!
Far away, yet we hold dear
As evildoers assail
Our home and all that remains pure!

With great glad hearts we sing to thee
We shall return thy victory—

Hail! Ak’koyr, hail!

Endrik, who sang for his supper when no one needed his other talents, had altered the words to the anthem for his friends’ amusement. And so the impressees sang (not loudly):

Fail, Ak’koyr, fail!
On Camac’s shores a great blight.
Poor manners we detail,
Against your arrogance we fight!

Fail, Ak’koyr, fail!
Far away, yet all too near
Your evil has assailed
Our home and all that remains pure!

With angered hearts we sing to thee
For we are but your impressees—

Fail! Ak’koyr, fail!

After the morning devotion, breakfast was served. A light drizzle greeted the impressees as they returned to the deck with their meals. They lifted hoods, or donned broad-brimmed hats, and otherwise ignored it. Dampness on shipboard was nothing new, and the deck offered as much privacy as could be found. Still, they spoke in lowered voices.
“Have you overheard anything, Lodrán?” Endrik asked.
“Only what we hoped to find,” said Lodrán. “We’re bound for Tirfa-Wold.”
“The sea caves?” asked another. “The Wolds only use ‘em during the summer, I’m told. What’s there?”
“Something to do with that raid on Mostil. You heard about that, right?” The others nodded. “The raiders are from Ryddast, using the caves as a base. They’ve mostly harried the Northern Reach, and some of the ship traffic going through the Straits, but nobody expected them to come into the Gulf itself. The Wolds won’t arrive for two months, so the Easterners have plenty of time before they’ll have to scuttle back home.”
“We’ll be there this afternoon, if this wind stays up,” one of the others said. “I hope they don’t intend a frontal attack, I’ve heard it’s a natural fortress.”
“Ak’koyr?” Endrik turned and spat over the railing. “When have their tactics involved anything but brute force?”
• • •
The flotilla rushed east, strong winds pushing the ships through intermittent spits of rain. The line of clear sky to the east grew higher through the day. Lodrán and his fellow impressees kept watch on deck as long as possible, staying out of reach of orders.
“Hoy, look,” said one impressee, pointing up and ahead. “A rainbow.”
“We’ve been chasing it for a hour,” Endrik laughed. “You just now—” 
“Fortress ho!” a lookout on the Holy Crusade bawled. Rounding a point, they saw several makeshift docks jutting from a narrow, rocky beach; a half-dozen fastboats floated alongside the docks.
Captains screamed, “Full on! Keep those fastboats in port!” Subordinates bellowed orders to their subordinates. The impressees complied as little as possible without visibly hindering the other crew.
But the docks seemed deserted.
“Look at that!” Endrik gasped, pointing at the hillside. Tirfa-Wold—or loosely, “Wolds’ summer dwelling”—was a high cliff, terraced with switchbacking, climbing pathways and studded with black holes—caves cut into the ancient rock.
“Wolds built that?” a nearby soldier gasped.
“Who knows?” Lodrán shrugged. “It could be natural. Or they might have dug it out over centuries.”
The soldier shook his head. Lodrán tried to gauge the size of the cave mouths. Damned tight, he decided.
Endrik spat. “I thought Easterners liked a bit more comfort—”
“Spears.” Lodrán looked toward the hatches. “We need to get to the weapons cache.”
“Ain’t a problem,” said the soldier. “Not locked, not guarded. The one thing they do right around here. You never know when we’ll need ‘em.”
“Good. Let’s go, folk. This is important.”
The six impressees slipped through the soldiers and sailors, now massing on deck. No one paid them any mind. Lodrán glanced at the foredeck. Gathered there were the Cream of Ak’koyr, warriors proven in both battle and loyalty. But like their rulers, they valued force far beyond thought. The heavy armor they wore—even some iron!—left Lodrán wondering how well they would fight after climbing those steep switchbacks. As he watched, one unsheathed a gigantic sword, longer than Lodrán was tall, and began limbering up as his fellows gave him plenty of room.
“You could watch that any time,” Endrik whispered, nudging him.
“After today? Not likely.” Lodrán turned and followed.
“What do you mean?”
Lodrán shook his head and held up a raised finger: The Hand That Begs Silence.
The weapons cache was well-stocked. “Perfect,” Lodrán whispered, picking a leather vest with bronze rings sewn over the front. “Spears and crossbows, and light armor, are what we want here.”
“Why?”
“The Cream of Ak’koyr is going in first, of course. In open fields and city streets, they’re near-invincible. But on those switchbacks, in those caves, they’ll be fish in The Godforsaken. No room to swing those huge swords, when the caves are narrower than a reach.” Lodrán looked up through the deck. “Do you think we should warn them?” Derisive snorts. “I thought not.
“You heard the plan: after the Cream beats the Easterners into submission, the common soldiers will be sent in to loot the place and deal with any remaining resistance. We’re to aid the wounded and carry large burdens.” He chuckled. “What will likely happen is that the Cream will find themselves unable to attack and too tired to defend. The secondaries will have a real battle, and we’ll be in the thick of it. Short swords might be of use, especially if those caves open into chambers.” He looked around. “No throwing knives. Pity. We’ll have to make do with crossbows.”
“What if it’s just narrow at the entrance?” one of them asked.
“There will be wide places—even chambers—and even narrower stretches, I’m thinking. The Easterners will try to fight the metal monsters in the tight places.”
Thumping noises echoed through the hold. “They’re dropping anchor,” said Endrik. “Let’s get what we came for and make ourselves visible.”

They came topside, just in time to see the first of the Cream of Ak’koyr depart from the Holy Crusade, on flat-bottomed landing craft. The elite warriors stood on board at parade rest, watching but not seeing the field of battle, ignoring the common soldiers rowing and poling them to shore.  Soon, Word of Truth and Hand of the Divine would disgorge their own heavy troops. A little later, nearly fifty of the best soldiers in known civilization would be in deep trouble. None of them seemed to understand that their great strength would be their weakness here.
Lodrán and his friends reported to their Striker. He looked at their armaments, and shrugged. Then he looked at the forbidding cliff, riddled with caves. He looked between the impressees’ kit and the caves several times, then began whispering to his other men. One by one, they went below and returned with their own spears and crossbows. “The Striker thinks you got the right idea,” one of the soldiers whispered to Endrik. “Good thing we’re the last ones ashore, we have time to make some adjustments!”
The Cream stood in formation before Tirfa-Wold. Still no activity from the Easterners. Finally, one wearing the silver-plumed helmet of a Captain shouted an order, and they marched under a leaden sky. No soldiers or arrows poured out of cave mouths. No battle-cries or any other sounds. The Captain stood alone on shore, arms folded. Above, the rainbow seemed to touch down beyond the cliff’s edge.
“Looks like they ran home,” a sailor grinned. “No glory for the Cream this day, I say. Well, that’s all to the good.”
“I’d say you’re right,” Endrik muttered. The impressees, and several others, nodded agreement.
Minutes dragged by. They watched the caves, but saw and heard nothing. Finally, the order was given and the first strike boarded the landing craft and went ashore. They saw the Striker salute the Captain, then point to the caves. After a moment, the Captain nodded and the Striker led five soldiers into one of the caves.
A few minutes later, one soldier pelted down the switchbacks. He rushed to the Captain, saluted, and made wild gestures. The two of them boarded a landing boat, and returned to the Holy Crusade. Soon, the landing craft were busy ferrying soldiers ashore. Rumors spread to the other ships before confirmation was brought: the Cream were taking unexpectedly heavy losses; reinforcements were needed immediately.
“We will enter in an orderly fashion,” said the Captain, “following our original battle plan. The only difference is, you’ll win more of the honor and glory than we’d expected. It’s damned tight in there, and I see some of you are already prepared. You have three objectives: offer aid to our wounded soldiers, kill any man with a beard—no quarter!—and find any and all exits to the plains above. We will wipe this place clean of any Eastern taint this day.”
• • •
Each Striker led his men into Tirfa-Wold. Each strike—a dozen soldiers, give or take—approached quietly, as if respecting the awesome silence. They marched up the switchbacks and filed into their allotted caves. The first strikes entered the lowest caves.
“Figures,” a soldier in Lodrán’s strike grumbled. “We get to march all the way up.”
“At least we’re traveling light,” said another. “We might be the ones to find the exit, too.”
At last, they boarded the landing craft and went ashore. The Striker lined them up and gave the orders—and indeed, they were assigned the topmost caves. They were separated into threes, and Lodrán, Endrik, and a third impressee named Torba were the last of the last.
“Too bad we can’t just march right back down,” Torba grinned, as they mounted the steep switchbacks. “But they’d see it on shipboard, no doubt.”
“Ssh,” said Lodrán. “I think I saw something in our cave.”
“A rat?” Endrik asked.
“A bearded rat.” Lodrán made himself stop chewing his mustache. “I have an idea.”
Lodrán led them along the narrow path to the cave; the others waited as he walked in front of the cave mouth as if passing it. From within, an Easterner howled a war cry and charged, intending to push Lodrán down the cliff. But Lodrán threw himself at his attacker’s feet.
The Easterner thought quickly—too quickly—and jumped. His leap carried him over Lodrán and over the edge of the walkway. He fell, screaming until he struck an outcropping.
Endrik and Torba rushed in. “Are you all right?” Torba asked.
“Better than he is,” said Lodrán, scrambling to his feet. “Look—light-shafts. We won’t need those torches.” He opened his pack and tossed several torches aside.
“He left us some weapons,” said Endrik. “You were wanting some knives?” He offered three to Lodrán.
Lodrán took one in hand. The design was unfamiliar, but the balance was good. He grinned and slipped them into his belt.
Endrik laughed. “Good thing he didn’t just throw his spear. You’d have been dead before you finished falling off the cliff.”
Lodrán nodded. “You two stay here,” he suggested. “I’ll go have a look. You can watch my back.”
“Fair enough!” Torba laughed.

A little farther in, Lodrán heard shouts and sounds of fighting. Still, he felt almost at home here. The rough-hewn walls of Tirfa-Wold were unlike those of Nightwalk, and the light-shafts gave enough light to see by, but such details were slight after four days on shipboard. Hoping for the luck of the Hand, he crept forward. A spear was not his usual weapon, but even a short sword was near-useless in these tight passages. Those who practice the Silent Art learn to adapt.
Threading his way deeper into the caves, chewing his mustache, cat-silent, he picked turns at random. An obstruction up ahead resolved into an Eastern soldier, standing with his back to Lodrán. Closer he came, spear raised and ready to throw, to within six feet before his quarry sensed danger and turned. Lodrán flung his spear, catching the soldier in the throat. The man gurgled and pulled at the spear, falling to his knees and then sideways. Blood pooled around him.
Lodrán felt his stomach lurch, but forced it quiet. While he did not make a habit of killing, this kill was not his first. He would likely have to kill again this day, unless he wanted to rejoin Endrik and Torba. But if the raiders had not already sent their plunder back East, he intended to have fair pay for his forced servitude. It would be easier to collect, though, before it was loaded on the warships and guarded all the way home.
The soldier gave a final twitch and lay still. Lodrán looked him over, and noticed the shield. It was obviously designed for spear-fighting in narrow places, less than a foot wide and a little longer than his forearm. Strapped to the forearm, it left the wrist free to wield a spear two-handed.
“Sorry, friend,” Lodrán muttered, “but I think I’ll need this more than you do.” He took the shield, the unbloodied spear, and two more throwing-knives.
Not much farther down, Lodrán came upon one of the Cream of Ak’koyr. He was alive, but a broken spear jutted from a bloody left leg. Another dead Easterner lay nearby, and pieces of a huge sword were scattered around both living and dead. Seeing Lodrán, he raised his broken sword, then lowered it. “How did you get past the other?” he demanded.
“I caught him from behind. Can you move?”
“With that in my leg? I can’t even crawl. Damn this place and those who built it.”
Lodrán slipped his pack to the floor and tossed a few bandages to the wounded warrior. “Should I pull it out?”
“Just do it and shut up!”
Lodrán jerked the spear out, trying not to think about it, before the warrior could brace himself. The big man gasped and pressed the rags to the gushing wound, then allowed Lodrán to bind the wound with more rags. Lodrán cut a length of rope, filched from the ship, and tied it above the wound. He slipped the broken spear under it. “If it bleeds too much, twist it,” he said. “Wait here.”
He trotted back to the dead Easterner and returned with the bloody spear. He helped the injured warrior stand, then gave him the spear. “Make your way back out.”
The spear bowed a little under the weight of the warrior. “What do I fight with?” he snarled. “Damned sword broke—”
“With any luck, you don’t fight. I left two men at the cave we entered. They can help you back down and get you to the landing craft. Make a report to Captain—the Captain—”
“Captain Shalor.”
Lodrán shrugged. “Right. Make your report. Maybe they can heal you.”
“What if I’m attacked?”
“With any luck, you won’t be. If you try to play hero right now, you’re done.” Lodrán thought a moment, then gave him his short sword. “This is the best I have. Unless you’d rather use that spear.”
The Cream of Ak’koyr hefted the sword. “What am I supposed to do with this toothpick?”
“Survive,” said Lodrán. “If you don’t want it, I might be able to use it.”
The warrior glared at him, then limped away, carrying the sword.
• • •
To Lodrán, it seemed like hours before he found anyone else. Then, in a rough chamber, he nearly stumbled upon them before he realized it. A dead Cream warrior lay atop two dead Easterners. A third Easterner, wounded, leaned against a wall. A second glance at the Cream warrior suggested that he also had considered the narrow confines of Tirfa-Wold: his shield was chopped down and he clutched a short sword. Too bad it didn’t help, Lodrán thought.
He returned his attention to the lone survivor. He bled from several gashes in his arm, leg, and side. His spear was intact and bloody. Lodrán and the Easterner watched each other, looking for an opening. At last, the Easterner raised his spear for a throw. Lodrán whipped his shield arm down and back; a knife leaped for the Easterner. Encumbered by the shield, his knife went wide of the Easterner’s chest. But the hilt struck the spear and knocked it out of his hand. Lodrán advanced.
“Quarter!” the Easterner cried, raising his hands.
Lodrán stopped, but held his spear at the ready. “Where is the plunder your people took?”
The Easterner looked confused, and Lodrán repeated the question as best he could in the Eastern tongue.
“That way.” The man pointed down a hallway. “You will find a room with a stairway. Go up. But it’s guarded.”
“Keep your life, then,” said Lodrán. “I will take these weapons, though.” He took the spear and the Ak’koyr short sword. “Play dead. We have orders to give no quarter.”
“Then—then why—” the Easterner waved his hands.
“I am here against my will, so I do not follow all orders.” He grinned. The Easterner smirked, gave him the head-nod bow, then sank to the floor.
Tunnels and hallways branched away, and Lodrán considered each one carefully before continuing on. He came upon another dead Cream warrior. Either no Easterners went down with this one, or they were carried away. The hallway appeared to widen just ahead. Lodrán stepped over the dead man and gasped.
He stood just inside another chamber, hewn out of the cliffside rock. One of the Cream of Ak’koyr stood, back to the far wall, facing four Easterners. Oddly enough, he did not wear the uniform of Ak’koyr’s elite warriors. There was blood on him, but the way he hefted his sword suggested it might not be his own. Three more spearmen lay dead, and one of the living was wounded. In truth, Lodrán had forgotten how well the Cream of Ak’koyr could fight in an open space, and the Easterners had paid a high price for forgetting as well. But for now, they stood out of reach, unable to use their numbers to advantage while their foe kept to the wall. The metal monster snarled fluent taunts in the Eastern tongue, to Lodrán’s surprise, as he brandished his sword.
Lodrán threw his spear; the wounded Easterner fell and the others turned to face the new threat. Seizing the opportunity, the warrior lunged forward and cut down another spearman. One of the remaining two charged Lodrán, leaving the other to his fate.
Lodrán had just enough time to draw his short sword, and the spearman hesitated. He glared at Lodrán, and raised his spear for a thrust or throw. Lodrán made ready to dodge, focusing on the spear head—
Suddenly, the Easterner grunted and fell. Behind him stood the big swordsman. “Thanks for the help, sold— Lodrán? What in the dung-choked streets of the Seventh Round are you doing here?”
Lodrán gasped as he recognized the stranger, then grinned. “I was dragged here by Ak’koyr’s press gang. And you, Chelinn?”
Chelinn chuckled. “On rare occasions, Ak’koyr and I have similar ends. But they need not know that, so I stowed away on their flagship. Listening to what one might call their battle plans, I rather expected this. The Easterners have skimmed the Cream, but they’re outnumbered and the common soldiers will give them more of a fight. I intended to find what I wanted and begone before either side knew I was here.”
“What do you want, then?”
Lodrán’s old friend looked beyond the walls. “Did you ever consider that the raiders have had a great deal of luck?”
“Raiding Mostil was daring, certainly.”
“They attacked when they knew it was safe. The Northern Reach is ready for them, now. Ak’koyr itself is lousy with warships and trained warriors. Roth’s Keep would take too long to plunder. Mostil was likely their last success, and I expect them to depart back East soon.”
“All right.” Lodrán shrugged. “So they can tell when when a prize is left unguarded? They have an Oracle?”
“Perhaps.” Chelinn shook his head. “But more likely, a scrying-stone.”
“Any decent sorcerer can scry,” said Lodrán.
“But not safely over great distances, and not into the future. Oracles are often unreliable. Thus, reason suggests they have one of the Eyes of Byula.”
Lodrán’s eyes went wide. “And Ak’koyr is unaware?”
Chelinn laughed. “No, they came to the same conclusion as I. Thus, the raid. The Cream was to have dealt with the resistance. The common soldiers would then go to work searching this complex for what the raiders have looted, and carry it on board. Captain Shalor would locate the Eye and bring it back to the Council. They, in due course, would have turned it over to Protector Dian.”
“And you were going to relieve them of the burden?” Lodrán smirked.
“Indeed. But I haven’t had much luck finding it. I know it’s nearby, is all.”
“That way.” Lodrán pointed. “We need to find a room with stairs.”
The big warrior-mage cocked his head. “How do you know that?”
“I offered a spearman his life in exchange for the information. He did say the place was well-guarded.”
“We’ll see just how well-guarded.” Chelinn grinned. “Shall I lead?”
“Certainly.”
• • •
Beyond the chamber, the hallway widened. Lodrán brought out his crossbow and checked his throwing knives. They made brief plans, then moved out. Lodrán was in his element: dark corridors to conceal him, and a trusted friend like Chelinn out front. At the moment, success seemed all but certain.
After a few minutes, they found the staircase and began a wary climb. They were seen before they reached the top, and three Eastern spearmen clattered down to face them. Lodrán loosed his crossbow, and the quarrel stuck in the spearman’s shield. But it distracted the spearman long enough for Chelinn to finish the job.
Another Easterner threw his spear, but Chelinn’s armor turned it and the assailant ran back upstairs faster than he’d come down. That left only one opponent for Chelinn, and it was over before Lodrán had his crossbow cocked again.
“Well, now they’re warned,” said Chelinn. “Onward, but be ready to retreat.”
“No sense in using Ak’koyr’s tactics, eh?”
Chelinn snorted. “Indeed. No treasure is worth dying for.”
They moved with caution, reaching the top of the stairs to find an empty room.
“Must be a hidden door, then,” said Lodrán, looking around.
“Not hidden. It’s in the ceiling.” Chelinn pointed up at a trap door near one corner of the ceiling. “He scuttled up a ladder and pulled it up behind him, I suppose. I could Lift you up there, but I couldn’t back you up.”
Lodrán looked at the walls. Like all chambers in Tirfa-Wold, the walls were rough-cut—plenty of knobs and nooks, and the ceiling was only ten feet high. He dropped his pack and crossbow and scuttled up the wall. A gentle press, and the door moved.
“It’s open,” Lodrán whispered. “I can’t say what’s waiting for us behind it, though.”
“Back away,” Chelinn whispered back, rising to float alongside him. Wind rushed into the room, gathered below, and slammed into the trapdoor with all the subtlety of the Cream of Ak’koyr. The trap door burst open, and Chelinn was up and through with Lodrán close behind.
“Empty again,” Chelinn muttered. “Well, except for the ladder.” He nodded toward the ladder, lying against one wall. “And another door.”
“Let’s lower that ladder,” Lodrán suggested. “If we have to leave in haste…” He shrugged.
Chelinn nodded, and Lodrán slipped the ladder through the rough hole where the trap door once stood. With their retreat made ready, Lodrán inspected the door. “No lock,” he whispered. “After you?”
Chelinn grinned and burst through. Only his armor saved him from being skewered on three spears, held by soldiers on the other side. One spear snapped, the others turned. The soldier with the broken spear drew a short sword. Another soldier faced Lodrán as he slipped in behind Chelinn. Lodrán threw a knife, but the Easterner caught it on his shield and sent it clattering to the floor. Lodrán drew his own short sword and took up another knife in his shield hand. A little clumsy, but much better than a spear.
The spearman hesitated. He had a slight advantage with the reach of his spear, but if Lodrán got inside he would be defenseless. To his right, one of his companions groaned and fell.
“We offer you quarter,” said Lodrán. “Lay down your weapons and go down the ladder.”
The spearman glanced at Chelinn, occupied with his remaining fellow, then threw his spear. It went low, opening a gash in Lodrán’s thigh; Lodrán yowled and the spearman pushed him down running for the ladder.
Chelinn’s strike tore the short sword from his opponent’s hand. “Leave your weapon and follow your friend,” he said, and the soldier scuttled away. He knelt next to Lodrán. “More painful than anything, I suspect.”
“And fish live in water.” Lodrán snarled.
“That they do.” Chelinn produced a small canister. “Rub some of this on it.”
Lodrán opened the canister and smeared the pleasant-smelling goop over the wound. He gasped at the sting. As he watched, the wound closed and scabbed over. The pain ebbed. “Better,” he said.
“And fish live in water,” Chelinn chuckled. “Look, another door. Sooner or later, I expect we’ll find the room that’s well-guarded. Can you walk?”
Lodrán tried his leg. “Not quickly.” He picked up the spear and used it as a walking stick, hobbling to the door. “A lock,” he said. “Looks simple enough.” He went to one knee, took out a pick, and attacked it. He felt it give—
The door flew open from the other side, jerking the pick out of Lodrán’s hand. He looked up into the face of a wild-eyed man, nearly as tall and a little thicker than Lodrán himself. His thin beard straggled past his bare chest, that sported strange symbols of many colors inked into his skin. An Eastern priest—
Their eyes locked for a moment, then the priest raised his hands and began a mighty curse in the Eastern tongue. He felt a wave of heat rush over him, and divine force begin to crush him. He flung what was in his hand as Chelinn bellowed a battle-cry.
Chapter 2 – Far from Home
Lodrán and Chelinn looked around them wild-eyed, assaulted by sight and sound, trying to take it all in. Neither the many strange creatures they had seen, nor the battles they had fought, were enough to prepare them for the wild colors and noises beating at their eyes and ears. The scent of recent rain mingled with a less pleasant smell, a hint of something burned.
After a long minute, Lodrán looked behind him then gripped his friend’s arm. “An alley!” Chelinn took one last look around, then nodded and allowed Lodrán to pull him into the alley.
After the incomprehensible strangeness, the alley was a familiar if odorous comfort. They ducked behind a large box of some sort, giving them cover and some relief. Unhealthy puddles of standing water, close walls looming above, even the smell of decay, all combined to provide a touchpoint of familiarity. Noise from outside followed them into the alley, but muffled.
They spent several minutes looking around, catching their breath and their wits at last. Chelinn finally relaxed the grip on his sword. Lodrán grinned and swept an arm across the alley. “Some things can’t be changed, eh?”
“Hm.” The big warrior-mage rapped the green-painted box with a knuckle. “An alley is an alley. But details? Look. This box is made of iron.” He tapped a shiny spot near the top, where paint had flaked away. “See? Rust. And if my nose does not lie, it’s full of garbage.”
“What? That’s as much iron as we’d see in all of Anlayt or Roth’s Keep, and they… no.” Lodrán sized it up. “A box must have a lid. Or a door…” He pushed at a handle, and a panel slid aside wide enough to look in. “Ha! Whew. You’re right—what kind of fools would dedicate such wealth to garbage?”
“The kind of fools for whom iron is near as abundant as water?”
“Impossible. Nowhere in all of Termag is… um.” Lodrán turned to look at his comrade, the question he dared not ask plain on his face.
“Indeed. Wherever we are, we’re far from home.”
Lodrán peered around the side of the great metal box, shuddered, and crouched against the wall. “If I get a chance,” he panted, rubbing his healing leg, “I’ll kill that priest!”
“Too late.”
“What?”
“I’m sure you already killed him.” Chelinn looked grim. “You spitted him with your spear, right in the middle of his curse. Good thing—those Easterners do things differently, but if I’m right, he meant to send our living bodies straight to Hell. Instead, you disrupted him and we’re—wherever we are.”
“I’m not convinced this isn’t Hell!” Lodrán chewed his long mustache, as he often did when nervous or thinking. Instinct led him to crouch in the shadow of the box. Black garb, black hair, tall and thin, Lodrán was a shadow among shadows. Even knowing he was there, Chelinn found him hard to see. 
“Courage, man. Hell would not have left us armed—” he patted his sword hilt— “nor provided this quiet alley for our retreat. This is no more Hell than it is Termag.” He sighed. “So much for the scrying-stone. That priest had the markings of an Oracle, and neither I nor Ak’koyr have much use for a dead Oracle. Well, the tide comes in, the tide goes out. Let us have another look at this world.”
After a minute, they retreated again to the shelter of the great iron garbage box. “What did you see?” Lodrán asked.
“A street of solid stone,” Chelinn told him. “Carriages of metal and glass, moving along it, without oxen pulling them. People inside the carriages. Lights flashing in patterns, and patterns have meaning. People walking around without weapons. And our alley. We’re in some kind of city. And you?”
“Storefronts. People walking unconcerned among the carriages. No armed patrols. This place reeks of a long peacetime.”
“At peace with others, perhaps,” said Chelinn. “But with itself? Hear that?” They paused to listen to a new sound, a wail they had never heard on Termag or any other world. It grew for a moment, then faded. “I don’t need to know the language to know that’s a distress cry. And whatever made it was moving fast.”
“Didn’t we hear it when we were looking around, too?” Chelinn nodded, and Lodrán continued, “Nobody looked concerned then. If we were watching the street now, nobody would do more than look around. I’d put a handful of octagons on that.”
“That’s a bet you’d win. Let me take one more look, then we’ll decide what to do.” Chelinn slipped around their shelter, leaving Lodrán to watch from the corner of the iron midden.
“Hey!” came a voice from behind. Lodrán stood, cursing himself for his inattention, and turned to face a wrinkled man carrying a bottle. Drunks don’t change much either, he thought.
“Shove off, punk,” the drunk grated, “this is my spot.”
“Sorry,” said Lodrán, marveling that he was able to understand the drunk. “We’re… we’re new in town. Can you share?”
“Shove off—whoa!” the drunk took two steps back, then fell on his backside, staring at the big man who came walking around the dumpster. He was tall, even taller than the skinny punk in black, with broad shoulders. A metal helmet covered most of his brown hair; what escaped out the back was pulled into a queue. A grey cloak covered most of his features, but metal peeked through here and there. Black leather boots, worn but tough, finished the ensemble.
“Is there a problem?” Chelinn glared down at the drunk, who fumbled at his bottle and took a long drink.
“Yeah. This punk is in my spot.”
Wine restores the spine. Chelinn grinned at the old saw, and the drunk suddenly looked less certain. “No worry,” he assured the drunk. “We’re moving on. Let’s go, Lodrán.”
“Damn’ foreigners,” the drunk muttered, as the two strangers departed. “Big Trouble and Bigger Trouble, that’s your names. I didn’t fight in Desert Storm to get pushed around by funny-talkin’ foreign troublemakers with weird names.” His quiet diatribe trailed off as he and his bottle got down to business.
“Moving on?” asked Lodrán, taking a deep breath before following Chelinn into the street. “Where to?”
“This way,” said Chelinn, turning right. “What do you see up there?”
“More city. More chaos.”
“No… look up.”
“Hm. The rainbow? Huh. There was a rainbow over Tirfa-Wold, too.”
“Indeed. A rainbow is a bridge between worlds. If we can get to it before it fades, we can cross it and get home. You coming?”
• • •
“I see the pattern now,” said Lodrán. His limp faded as Chelinn’s goop continued to heal his leg, and he walked quickly to keep up with Chelinn as they crossed an intersection. “Green means proceed. Red means wait.”
Chelinn nodded, watching the sky. Every once in a while, he would veer toward the street or a building, and Lodrán steered him straight. Pedestrians approaching got out of their way in a hurry; even looking distracted, and with a cloak covering his weapons, Chelinn cut an imposing figure. “Ah,” the warrior-mage grunted. “The magical forces of this world are similar to those of home and of other worlds. If we get near enough to the rainbow, I can anchor it and weave the spells to get us home.”
“If only we could use one of those carriages, we could get there a lot quicker, hey?” Lodrán caught himself chewing his mustache again, and made himself stop.
“If we knew how to steer it. You see any reins in there?”
Lodrán looked into one standing empty and quiet along the sidewalk. “No. But there’s a wheel, like on a ship. And levers. I wonder what they do?”
“By the time we figured it out, we could walk there. Let’s go. Rainbows won’t wait.”
One of the carriages rolled by. A rhythmic growling rumbled from the carriage as it passed, startling Lodrán. He turned and hustled to catch his friend. “I had a thought just now,” he said, chewing his mustache again.
“What?” Chelinn sounded distracted.
“Those carriages. What if they’re alive? With so much iron in this world—they even use it for their middens!—could it gain life somehow? Or perhaps there’s some kind of magic that makes the carriages act alive? Maybe the people inside them don’t want to be there. Maybe the carriages ate them.”
Chelinn said nothing, continuing to watch the sky. He brushed against a tall pole—more iron of course, mere construction material—that arched over the street, supporting some kind of globe. He shook his head and focused on the sidewalk ahead of him. “We might not catch it,” he said, gesturing at the rainbow. “It’s too far away. As for the carriages? I don’t know. The carriage you looked into had a wheel and levers. So it needs to be controlled, no? As to how they move at all—it could be magic, or it could be principles we don’t understand.” Another carriage rolled past, rumbling and booming. “And what we don’t understand can be left to a less urgent moment, whenever possible.”
“You’re right,” grumbled Lodrán, “or would be, if we had anything better to do. Back home, we could hire a coach to take us somewhere. What power says that’s not possible here?”
“I’m sure it’s possible. But we have no idea how to find such a coach. And how would we pay one?”
“We have gold and silver.”
“But in the right weights?”
Lodrán grunted.
Chelinn sighed. “It’s gone.”
“What?”
“The rainbow.” Lodrán followed Chelinn’s gaze into the empty sky. Chelinn began to curse methodically, first in the two languages Lodrán knew, then several others he didn’t. Lodrán once heard that Chelinn learned the goblin-tongue because its curses were so eloquent and potent. That was likely true; Chelinn was fond of expressing himself.
“Well, you did say it was too far,” Lodrán pointed out. “And there will be other rains, no?”
“Surely,” Chelinn grumbled. “But there’s no telling when there will be another rainbow.” He shrugged. “Until then, I suppose we’ll have to make our way in this world as best we can.”
“Perhaps, with all their other wonders, they can create a rainbow for us?”
“Maybe.”
They walked in silence, crossing with other pedestrians, block by block. Then Lodrán pulled up short, grasping Chelinn’s arm. “Look!” He pointed across the street, at a storefront that had ornate but recognizable weapons hanging in the window. They were unable to read the sign above:

AGE OF HEROES
Games • Gifts • Comics

Chelinn studied the window for a moment. “Those weapons are for show more than use, I suspect,” he said. “But it’s the most hopeful thing I’ve seen yet. Let’s see what that place is. Perhaps they’ll understand us better than most.”
“Do you think they’ll understand us at all?”
“We could talk to the drunk. So I suspect they will.”
“Right!” Lodrán stepped off the curb, but a strong arm jerked him back.
“Wait!” said Chelinn. “You see anyone else crossing here? No? They cross at those lights. We might be violating some law, or inviting one of those carriages to run us down. Follow the lead of the natives.”
Lodrán shrugged, unable to overcome either Chelinn’s logic or his strength, and they continued to the next intersection. Over the shoulders of several other pedestrians, who gave Chelinn and Lodrán wary looks, they saw a pictogram of an outstretched hand picked out in shining red dots, flashing on and off. The Hand That Warns seemed to have the same meaning here, Lodrán thought. After a minute, carriages slowed and stopped in front of a white line crossing the street, then the red pictogram winked out and was replaced with a green one of a person, legs outstretched. The other pedestrians immediately stepped into the street, and Chelinn and Lodrán followed.
Across the street, they retraced their steps back to the promising shop window. They took a minute to study the weapons on display—up close, Chelinn’s assessment of their utility proved obviously true. Beyond the window were rows of shelves, too dim to make anything out. Colorful flyers hung in the window below the weapons.
“Shall we try this, then?” asked Lodrán.
“We’ve come this far,” Chelinn grumbled, “and we have nowhere better to go.” They walked through the door.
• • •
The door made a strange piercing chime noise as they entered, making Lodrán flinch. Behind a desk in the middle of the shop stood a soft-looking man. Merchants are the same here, too, he thought. His hair was somewhat darker than Chelinn’s, and streaked with grey; both hair and beard were unruly.
“Great outfits!” He gave them an enthusiastic grin. “You’re ready for the con this weekend, huh?”
“Con?” Lodrán considered the word. At home, the word meant either deceiver or opposed. The accents were strange and varied here, but most of the words made sense. Most of them.
“Fantasy South Con?” The merchant pushed a flyer across the desk. “You have to know about it.”
Lodrán picked up the flyer. He could not read the writing, but the artwork depicted a man—whose appearance reminded him of Chelinn, except this man was bare-chested—facing something that looked like a stylized dragon. Next to the man was a woman whose huge breasts threatened to burst through her armor. Both of them swung massive swords. The style was a little garish, but not unfamiliar. He looked up, remembering a word. “Fantasy?”
Chelinn stepped forward. “You know about magic, right?”
“Sure,” the merchant said. “We have the Bloodstorm decks and booster packs over there.” He pointed to a shelf nearby. “If you want individual cards, they’re in the display case around this side.”
Chelinn and Lodrán looked at each other. The individual words made sense, but put together? This merchant could have been speaking South Sea Islander.
“Uh, you guys look a little confused,” said the merchant. “Is there something I can help you with? I’d guess you’re in the right place, but… well, if you’re druggies, I’d just as soon you leave. I’ve got enough trouble right now.”
“That’s a good word,” said Chelinn. “We’re confused. We’ve had a rough day, and we’re new in town. We need someone who can help us out.”
“You here with the con, then? Advance publicity or something? I’d love to help you with that, especially if there’s a quid pro quo.”
“Just tell him, Chelinn,” Lodrán sighed. “I doubt it can make things any worse.”
“True.” The big man addressed the merchant. “We got blown here by a priest. I think he was trying to curse us to Hell, but my friend here disrupted the curse and we ended up here instead. Wherever here is. We were hoping to reach the rainbow before it dissipated, because I could use it to get us back home, but it’s gone. We saw the weapons in your window—even if they’re not really weapons—and we thought you might understand our situation.”
The merchant laughed. “Good one! Is that some kind of theme for the con? Makes sense—everyone goes home when it’s done.” He laughed again.
Before they could respond, the door made its strange noise again. Four young men stepped in, looking like they owned the place. The merchant’s laughter turned to a fearful anxiety. “Bad news.”
One of the four veered away into the shelves; the other three ignored Chelinn and faced the merchant. “What’s shakin’, nerd-boy?” one of them asked.
“Can I help you with something?” The merchant was careful to keep his voice neutral.
“Yeah,” the biggest one—obviously the leader—said. “Just hand over the cash register.”
At last, Chelinn thought, something familiar. Thugs robbing a merchant. “And why should he do that?” he growled. The three turned to face him, a tinge of fear swept away by contempt.
“Oh look,” the big one said to his friends. “A geek who thinks he’s tough in his dress-up!”
“Let’s see how tough he is,” another suggested. A device in his hand sprouted a tiny knife blade with a nasty snapping sound. They grinned and the others drew their weapons as Chelinn took two steps back, hands raised.

“What are you doing?” Lodrán asked the youth stuffing his pockets with small packages.
“This don’t concern you, dip-weed,” the youth said.
“It does. You steal, but have no stealth. No style. You’re an embarrassment to the Silent Art.”
“Whatever. Shove off.” The youth pulled a small knife, in what Lodrán thought a clumsy maneuver. “Unless you want me to cut you a new smile.”
Lodrán’s dagger came to hand. To the youth, Lodrán flicked his hand and the weapon just… appeared. “Put those things back,” Lodrán ordered. “Or just leave them here on the floor. Unless you think you can take me.”
“Hey!” the youth yelled, taking a wide-eyed step back. “Over here!”

Chelinn’s hands came down, his sword Gonfanlon in one hand, dagger in the other.
The big thug snorted. “Like you can actually use those?”
Chelinn gave them a monstrous grin. The dagger flashed, and all three felt a draft and a stinging across their stomachs—they looked down, and saw their shirts slashed open. Blood oozed from a scratch across each of them. “I’m not the greatest swordsman on Termag, but I can indeed use these well enough. I suggest you go on your way. And don’t come back.”

The youth grinned at Lodrán as his friends rushed from the desk; the grin turned to a confused grimace as they ran through the front door. He took a step back, waving his pitiful knife at Lodrán. “Stay back!” he yelled.
“Just leave what you would steal, then you’re free to go.” Lodrán tossed his dagger back and forth between his hands, giving it a lazy twirl in flight. The youth watched this display with horrified fascination, then dropped his own knife and the stolen goods.
“Good.” Lodrán stepped out of the aisle, leaving the way out open. The youth bolted past him and out the door.
“Oh… I wondered what happened to the last one,” said Chelinn, still grinning. “I see you took care of him. Any trouble?”
Lodrán looked as if he wanted to spit. “Against that? I’ve faced dead men more dangerous.”
Chelinn chuckled and turned to the gaping merchant. “If they have any sense, that’s the last you’ll see of them.”
“You’re not hurt, are you?” Lodrán asked him.
The merchant shook his head. “No. But I’m not so sure they won’t come back. They’ll either bring guns, or torch the place some night.” He grinned. “But I kind of don’t care—that was amazing!” He gave Chelinn a goggle-eyed look. “When you swung that knife, I thought I was gonna have a bloody mess to clean up for sure! It might have been better that way—the police would ask questions I’d have a hard time answering, but at least I wouldn’t have to worry about it anymore. So who are you guys?”
“I am Chelinn sim Chell, scion of House Chelor of Dacia. I have been called both Captain and Madman, but I gave up one title and laugh at the other. This is my companion and friend, Lodrán sim Marl, of Ak’koyr, a practitioner of the Silent Art.”
“Of Roth’s Keep,” Lodrán corrected. “I was born in Ak’koyr, but I will not claim it as my heritage.”
“Dacia? Ak’koyr? Where the hell are they?”
“Our world we call Termag,” said Chelinn. “We’ve already concluded we’re somewhere else. What do you call your world?”
“Um… Earth. Or Terra. Oh, and I’m Chuck Robinson. This is my shop, Age of Heroes.” Chuck shook his head. “Damn. You two are awesome. Are you professional actors? I mean, you haven’t broken character once. I really appreciate you showing up when you did. I don’t know what they have against me, but…” He shrugged. “They’re gonna kill my business. My employees quit because of these guys, and I can’t blame them. But what are you gonna do when they come back with guns?”
“What are guns?” Lodrán asked. “Some kind of magic?”
Chuck threw up his hands. “Dudes. Time to drop the role-playing and get serious. Firearms. Handguns. Sawed-off shotguns, maybe. What do you have to beat those?”
“I am serious,” said Lodrán. “Chelinn can use magic to defeat them, but you need to tell him what they are.”
“Show me,” said Chelinn. “Explain what these ‘guns’ are, to the best of your ability. Lodrán, you look around. Study the wares our friend has to offer so you can help anyone who comes in. For now, we are his assistants.”
“Uh…” said Chuck. “There’s a bunch of paperwork. I’d have to get your Social Security numbers, fill out the I-9 forms—”
Chelinn waved away the objections. “You need our help, notable. And we need yours. We need a place to stay, someone to tell us about your world’s customs and so forth, and to take us to the next rainbow so we can return home.”
“All right, all right. I guess y’all will want supper and so on too, right?”
“I presume hunting is not allowed inside the city? Or cookfires? Then yes, we’ll need food. Now… to the task at hand?”

After about ten minutes, Chelinn called across the shop to Lodrán. “It’s some kind of projectile weapon,” he said. “A flash fire inside a confined space drives a small piece of metal at its victim. I’m not sure, neither is our host, but we think my armor would stop the less powerful kind. A magical shield should help with the others—”
The door chimed, but it was only a customer. Lodrán stepped forward. “May I help you?”
“Nah,” said the newcomer. He looked at the desk. “Hey Chuck! This is awesome, putting your employees in costume, but you need a wizard outfit for yourself! Did the order come in?”
“Just this morning, Phil,” said Chuck, bringing out a package from under the desk. “Why don’t you look it over?”
“Yeah, good idea.” Phil opened his package, while Chelinn looked on. Lodrán drifted to the window to watch the world go by. Although the glass was amazingly clear—perhaps it was magic that made it free of ripples and bubbles—it made the oddness beyond somehow more tolerable.
“Looks good,” said the customer, and looked at Chelinn. “Dude. That is one quality outfit. I know Chuck doesn’t sell anything that good. You look like you could’ve stepped off a movie set. Or out of a Dragonlance book.”
Chelinn nodded. “Thank you. It took a long time to… to assemble.”
“Yeah. Well, it was worth it. I hope I see y’all at the con; you’ll win best in show for sure!” He took his package and left.

The rest of the afternoon went without incident. Chelinn was keenly interested in the clocks and especially the computer, while Lodrán marveled at the lighting and Chuck’s cellphone. When “school let out,” as Chuck put it, the shop suddenly filled with children. This made Chelinn and Lodrán a little nervous, as they were not used to dealing with children and worried about what might happen if the four fools returned. But the children left after a while, to their relief.
When the clock on the desk displayed 6:00, the shop was quiet. “I’m going to grab us some supper,” said Chuck. “Chances are, there won’t be many customers in the next half hour. Maybe some browsers. If someone wants to buy something, just say you haven’t been trained on the registers, and have them wait a few minutes for me to come back.”
“And if the four fools come back?” Lodrán asked.
“Call 911. Tell them there’s a robbery.” Chuck lifted the receiver, and showed Lodrán the buttons to push.
Chelinn watched Chuck leave. He thought to himself, We will tell them there are four dead criminals to remove from the premises.
The next half-hour passed with only one person coming in. He complimented Chelinn’s “costume” and left without buying anything. Lodrán wandered the shelves, trying to make sense of the merchandise. Finally, Chuck emerged from the rear, carrying several large paper bags. “Supper! Such as it is,” he said. “Not home cooking, but—”
The door banged open and the four fools stormed in. “Hey Sword Geek!” the big thug yelled. “You wanna try your sword on this?”
Chelinn looked at the device in the fool’s hand—metal, of course. It looked like a pipe with a handle. “I suppose this is one of those ‘gun’ devices that I’ve been hearing about?”
“Duh. Hey, where’s your friend? We got some business with him too.”
“I’m sure you do. He’s behind you.”
They laughed. “Oldest trick in the book,” the big one said. “You think we’re dumb enough to fall for that?”
Chelinn shrugged. “You were stupid enough to return. I may be ignorant about much in this world, but I do know you are threatening my life—after I spared yours. Attack me now, and I will show no mercy.”
“You callin’ me stupid?” The thug grinned. “You’re just makin’ this easier and easier. Tommy, you get the cash. If the geek gives you any grief, cut him.”
“Sure—hey, where’s my switchblade?”
“Looking for these?” They turned; Lodrán pointed his dagger at his feet, where their knives lay, then back at them. “Come and get them. If you think you can.”
“Keep him busy,” their leader growled, “I’ll take care of Sword Geek first.” He turned to Chelinn and shot.
Chelinn winced at the horrific noise, but the three slugs fell at his feet. He picked one up, feeling the heat through his gloves. The other three turned at the sound of gunfire, and murmured fearfully at the sight.
The shooter fired again, then looked at Chelinn and saw icy fire in his eyes. “You were warned,” said Chelinn. A blue-white beam shot from his hand, and the thug died standing up, encased in an inch of ice, still pointing the gun. The other three screamed, and Chuck gasped.
“You three should die as well,” said Chelinn. “But if you do two things, you may live: take your friend away, and then leave this city. If I see you again, you die. Understand?” They nodded, wide-eyed. “Good. Don’t touch that ice unless you want to lose your hands. Use gloves.”
• • •
“Are you sure you don’t want this, noted Robinson?” Lodrán asked, holding up the last burger.
“I can’t believe you guys can eat after that,” said Chuck, looking a little pale. “You just killed someone. Sure, he deserved it, but…” he waved his hands.
Chelinn shrugged. “I’m not proud of killing him,” he said. “But as you say, noted Robinson, he deserved it. And you saw that I do not kill wantonly. His friends live on, and I would be surprised to hear from them further.” He chewed one of the sticks that the merchant called “french fries”—it was supposed to be a piece of potato, but tasted mostly of salt and oil—then turned to Lodrán. “If I didn’t know you… well, you’ll eat anything.” He opened his “burger” and stared at the supposed meat inside.
Lodrán returned the shrug. “In my youth, I had to eat anything or starve. Ak’koyr is unkind to its impoverished denizens.”
“Why do you keep calling me noted?” the merchant asked.
“It’s an honorific,” said Chelinn. “How does one address his employer in this world?”
Chuck thought, then laughed. “Oh! Mister Robinson. But just call me Chuck, okay? I’m not used to—to that.” He cocked his head. “How did you stop those bullets? They didn’t even hit your armor!”
“It was a projectile weapon, thus vulnerable to a simple spell of protection.” Chelinn shrugged. “The same spell I would use to stop an arrow or a thrown spear. Spells of protection are among the first a young sorcerer learns. Is that not so here?”
“There are no sorcerers in this world,” said Chuck, “not real ones, anyway. We’ve got Kevlar for stopping bullets, not magic. But if I didn’t see you… flash-freeze that dude, I’d figure you were still role-playing.” He scratched his head and reached for the last burger; Lodrán handed it over with a sigh. “You guys are the real deal, aren’t you?”
“This is no jape or jest,” said Chelinn. “I see now. The use of magic has long faded in this world, no longer needed as your wondrous devices have taken its place. It is naught but legend, I suspect. This Kevlar is a kind of armor, no? If it stops the projectile, then that particular spell is unneeded.”
“If you have it,” said Lodrán. “Those of Termag fortunate enough to have armor at hand—or a sorcerer—survive the arrows and spears. Those who do not…” He shrugged. “I suppose it is the same here.”
“Pretty much.” Chuck chewed his burger with growing enthusiasm. “I must be getting over the shock, because now I’m curious. Why did you use a freeze spell on that guy?”
“The Principle of Necessity,” said Chelinn, passing the rest of his french fries to Lodrán. “Had I simply cut him down, there would have been a bloody mess to clean up. You said the authorities here would frown on that, so using magic was necessary. Same with fire—not a wise choice in an enclosed space in any case. Ice was too clean a death for that bowgnoash, but as I said I had your property to consider. Hell may thaw him if it wishes.”
“What was that word you called him just now?”
“Ah, bowgnoash? It’s from the goblin-tongue. Its literal meaning is something unfit to eat. If you knew what food goblins consider acceptable, you’d understand how bad it has to be. They also use it to describe those of their own kind that they would disown, which is how I used it here.”
“Oh.” Chuck looked at his burger and put it down.
“This is all well and good,” said Lodrán, talking around the last of the french fries, “but night is coming on, and we need to find a place to stay. An inn, perhaps one that needs our silver enough that they’ll overlook our odd coinage—”
“No.” Chuck shook his head. “You two stay with me. I owe you that much.”

“Pull that strap across you, and snap the buckle into that slot,” said Chuck. “The car complains a lot if you don’t.”
“Maybe these things are torture devices,” Lodrán grumbled from the back, as Chelinn fumbled with the strap. Chelinn held his sword between his knees, and had to re-route the strap to not catch the scabbard.
“Sorry,” said Chuck. “The back seat isn’t too comfortable.”
“So I’ve learned.” Lodrán folded his tall, thin frame behind the driver’s seat, as there was no room between Chelinn’s seat and the back seat. “How long must we endure this?”
“Ten minutes, maybe. Traffic thins out before closing time, so we won’t be held up too much.”
“Thank the Hand.”
They said little else once Chuck started moving, only stared out the windows at the strange sights and marveling at the swift pace of the “car.” Strange music, interrupted by cheerful pitchmen, filled the interior. After a few stops and turns, Chuck turned off the road onto what he called the “driveway.” His house was easy to identify as such, even if huge for one person.
Chuck turned a small key, and the car went silent. Lodrán waited for Chuck to exit and tilt the seatback forward, then clambered out with little of his usual grace. Chelinn fumbled with the door handle, then finally opened his own door and emerged.
Inside: more wonders. Lights that did not smoke, water—hot and cold!—gushing at the turn of a knob, and something Chuck called the “tube.” The tube looked like a window about the size of a traveling puppeteer’s stage, but had no place for a puppeteer to crouch behind it. Yet it showed a frenetic display of images, changing as Chuck pressed a button on a separate device.
“You say you don’t have magic here?” Lodrán grumbled, unable to tear himself away.
“There’s a saying…” Chuck thought a moment. “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. A man named Arthur C. Clarke said that.”
“Is he a sage?”
“An author. That’s a storyteller. He wrote some stories about traveling between worlds, but in ships.”
Chelinn pushed away a mental image of his ship sailing from Termag to another world. “Do you have a—computer? Is that the word? Here?” Chelinn asked.
“Sure, why?”
“I wanted to see that weather display again. If we know when it will rain here again, I can be ready to find a rainbow.”
Chuck laid the box of buttons down and led Chelinn to the den. “Here,” he said, pushing and tapping at another small box that Chuck had called a mouse at his store. Chelinn guessed that if it were truly a mouse, the cord would be its tail. A small drawing twirled in one corner, then the pictures representing weather fell into place on the window. “Ow,” said Chuck. “It’s Tuesday. It says here that the next chance of rain is Sunday, and that’s only thirty percent.”
“Which means?”
“You’re stuck here for a while.” Chuck shrugged. “If you guys want to help out at the store, you can live here as long as it takes. It shouldn’t be much more than a week, unless you can use your magic to bring a rain.”
Chelinn looked horrified. “It takes a certain kind of mage to cast weather magic and not have it go spectacularly wrong! I’m—oh. You wouldn’t know, would you?”
“When it comes to real magic, I’m even more lost than you guys are in this world.”
“And if it were not for you, noted—Mister Robinson, we would be thoroughly lost. And it would be most helpful if you could tell us—”
The living room suddenly filled with noise; it reminded Chelinn of the throbbing sounds coming from some of the cars on the street. He and Chuck dashed into the living room to find Lodrán gaping at scantily-clad women, gyrating on the tube. The box of buttons was in Lodrán’s hand, his thumb on one of the buttons. Chuck took the box and pressed it; the noise diminished but the women continued to twist. Then, the tube showed a man, pointing into the room, speaking words that made little sense.
“Lodrán!” Chelinn nudged the Silent Artist, but he stood watching until Chuck pressed a red button. The tube at last turned black and made neither sound nor image. “We’ll be here several days, maybe longer. Mister Robinson will teach us how to speak and act, so we don’t draw undue attention to ourselves until we can get home.”
“Will you two please just call me Chuck?”
• • •
“That’s not how a sorcerer dresses,” said Chelinn, standing in the shop and looking at Chuck’s “wizard robe.” It was a deep purple, spangled with yellow symbols representing stars and other shapes that Chuck called comets. A matching conical hat made him look triangular.
“Really? How do they dress then?”
“Not like that. More like Lodrán. Loose-fitting clothes, many pockets, boots, a colored sash to represent their primary element. A cloak for inclement weather.”
“This is how they dressed in our world, though,” Chuck protested.
“No wonder they disappeared,” Lodrán laughed.
Chelinn shrugged. “This world is not ours. If people here expect a mage to wear robes, then robed he shall be.”
Lodrán spread his hands. “And you, as usual, pretend to be the dumb muscle.”
Chuck pulled the cloth belt tight around his soft middle. “You know what? I could see that,” he said. “I guess some prejudices are universal.” He paused for a moment. “Do you think you could… you could teach me some real magic?”
“Only if you have the bent for it,” said Chelinn. “That’s the second of the Three Principles. Some people have a talent for storytelling or the longbow. Some can farm the rockiest ground and yet grow crops aplenty. Maybe that’s a kind of magic itself. It does seem that the children of farmers are well-represented as sorcerers.”
“Three Principles? What are those?”
Chelinn looked at the small clock on the desk; they would not open the store for a few more minutes. “The Principle of Necessity is first,” he said. “If you use magic unneeded, it almost always goes wrong. The power hasn’t faded in this world—I can feel and use it—so much as it’s been replaced by your devices. It’s simply unnecessary now. The second is called the Principle of Power—the power comes from you, or through you, by intent. The third is the Principle of Closure. If you begin something, you must end it as well. On those three principles are built the entire edifice of magic.”
“That makes sense,” said Chuck. “Now that I think about it, you mentioned that first principle before. It’s why you froze that guy.”
“Indeed.”
“So if I have the talent, what magic could you teach me? That hasn’t been replaced by technology.”
Chelinn shrugged. “I don’t suppose there are devices for locating things you have lost? No? A spell of finding is very useful, and one of the first that an apprentice sorcerer learns. Even here, you could find its use necessary from time to time. Necessity is a tricky thing, and sometimes depends on your situation.”
“You mean like if finding something quickly means the difference between life and death, versus just inconvenient?”
“Good, you do understand.” Chelinn smiled. “But there is necessity, and there is necessity, no? It need not rise to life and death—you may consider it necessary to find something that allows you to arrive on time for an important appointment. Even if you have no other way to find what you have lost, inconvenience is necessity enough.”
“Yeah. I’m always misplacing my car keys.”
“These?” Lodrán held up a key ring.
“Yeah—hey! I know those were in my pocket. How did you get them? I didn’t even feel it!”
Lodrán grinned. “I saw which pocket you put them in, and you were distracted talking to Chelinn. If I couldn’t take them with those advantages, I’d be thrown out of the safehouse.”
“It’s time to open the shop,” said Chelinn. “We’ll discuss this further later today.”

“Close your eyes,” Chelinn told Chuck. The after-school rush had come and gone, and Lodrán hung the CLOSED sign in the window. “Calm yourself, as much as possible. Now think about your keys, in as much detail as you can.”
“Okay.” Chuck closed his eyes. “Is the Principle of Necessity going to kick in for this?”
“What? No. Learning how to use magic is necessary for its use. A logical hoop, yes, but if not abused it is sufficient. Your keys. Do you see them?”
“Yeah.”
“In detail?”
“Yeah.”
Chelinn gave him a grim smile, unseen. “Good. Now look around them. What do you see?”
“Um… oh. A dull blue. Like the carpet. Yes, the carpet.”
“Very good. Without losing your vision of the keys, let the color take form.”
Chuck’s face wrinkled in a scowl for a moment. “All right. I see the weave of the carpet. So Lodrán put them on the floor somewhere.” He paused. “This is cool.”
“But where on the floor? Expand your vision a little more, if you can. Don’t lose what you have grasped already, though.”
“Ah. I see brown. Above and beside. Under one of the shelves, then, at one end.”
“Can you see which shelf?”
“I’m trying… ah!” Chuck opened his eyes and flapped his hands. “I lost it!”
“Not bad for your first attempt,” said Chelinn. You have at least a little talent, so it’s a matter of practice. Remember the Principle of Power—you have the ability, so don’t convince yourself it’s impossible. Even if you don’t pinpoint the location, you can often see enough to know where to look.”
“Speaking of the Principles, how does Closure apply to a spell of finding?”
“When you stop seeing, or find what you seek, then the spell is closed. You won’t lose something else to make up for what you found, if that’s what you’re thinking. But it’s a good question. It says you’re thinking about the Principles. Try it again.”
“I’m glad I’m doing something right, then.” Chuck closed his eyes. “Oh. It’s quicker this time.”
“You see your keys again?”
“Yeah. The corner of the shelf, too. I guess I need to zoom out…”
“Zoom out?”
“Sorry.” Chuck opened his eyes. “Like with my camera. To ‘zoom out’ is to include more background around your subject.”
“Ah. I should not have interrupted.”
“No problem.” Chuck again closed his eyes. “Keys. Carpet. Shelf. Zoom out… I can see the colors of the merchandise on the bottom shelf, but I can’t make out any words.”
“Reading is not what a spell of finding is about. Can you identify the merchandise by other means?”
“Yeah… it’s books! They’re too thick to be card packs, and I don’t put those on the bottom shelves anyway! Black covers, yellow covers… I think I can figure it out from here.” Chuck walked up a row of shelves, then stopped and bent. “And here they are!” He held up his keys.
“Well done!” Lodrán bowed.
“A pity,” said Chelinn. “You have the makings of a competent sorcerer, in a time when magic is rarely needed.”
“It’s still pretty awesome,” said Chuck.
Chapter 3 – The Plot
A sunny and dry late Thursday afternoon found Lodrán bored and restless. “I need to get out for a while,” he said. “The—the children. They made me nervous.”
“You’ll be alright, walking alone?”
Lodrán laughed. “An odd thing to be asking a Silent Artist, Chelinn!”
“Well hey,” said Chuck, “if you’re just going for a walk, how about walking down to Burger Billy’s and picking up some supper?”
“I could do that. It’s that way, right?” Lodrán pointed.
“Right. Just get three Number Threes to go, no drinks.” Chuck unzipped the pocket where he kept his wallet and took it out, then laid three bills on the counter. “That’s thirty bucks. The total will be around twenty-three and change, so give them all three. They’ll give you change.”
“Change?”
“Oh, sorry. When the guy at the register tells you how much, just give him this. He’ll give you some other paper and coins. That’s all you need to know.”
“Oh, and please resist the temptation to ply your skills while you’re out,” said Chelinn. “Chuck tells me that some of these devices can contact their owners with their current location. We don’t need any of that kind of trouble.”
Lodrán laughed, nodded, then took the bills and slipped outside.
This was the early part of what Chuck called “rush hour,” although it lasted several hours. Now that Lodrán was over his initial fright, this world was just one more strange sight in a lifetime of strange sights, and he found it fascinating. Few people walked anywhere that their cars could not carry them, thus the sidewalks were uncrowded. Cars clogged the street, making walking nearly as fast as driving. A woman passed him, a member of the Jogger tribe if he remembered correctly. She wore the Jogger uniform: a shiny tight singlet of gaudy colors, with matching shorts, showing off her spare figure. Her braided hair switched back and forth as she ran. Lodrán thought her clothing impractical—it could conceal none of his tools or weapons, let alone any prizes taken from the unsuspecting. Or conceal himself. Another strange custom: these people had so much leisure time, they had to engage in otherwise pointless exercise to stay fit.
The light changed up ahead, and he caught up to the Jogger woman at the corner. Lodrán thought her pace to be a rather easy one; he could match it for several miles without tiring. After a quick glance, she ignored him but continued to bounce as if running nowhere. At last, the lights turned green and she went her way.
The walk to Burger Billy’s was otherwise uneventful, as was procuring the food. People lined up in a sort of maze, delineated by ropes, then told the youngster at the counter what they wanted. They paid, then moved down the counter to pick up their food. “A rather efficient way to do things,” he said to himself, drawing a curious glance from someone behind him.

On the way back, Lodrán noticed someone ahead acting oddly, stealing glances over his shoulder and moving in a furtive manner. Amateur, thought Lodrán, ducking into the doorway of a boarded-up shop to see if he could identify the amateur’s target. Seeing no one obvious, he remembered the words of his first safehouse master: If you cannot find the target of such a one around you, the target may be yourself. Lodrán had no idea who might be interested in him, but he moved his knife to his belt, where the bag in his left hand would conceal it. He then resumed his walk, taking a few french fries out of the bag and popping them in his mouth, one by one.
The amateur ducked into an alley—the same one that the priest (may he rot in Hell) sent them not a week ago—taking an obvious glance back as he did. Lodrán muttered a curse and threw the last fry in his mouth, moving to the brick wall and slowing his pace.
Lodrán thought he could not have timed it better, had he tried. About two paces from the alley, the amateur stole his final glance around the corner. A moment later, Lodrán had him backed against the alley wall, hands raised, knife point at his throat.
“You,” he said, recognizing one of the fools from the store. “You were supposed to leave town, on pain of death, as I recall.”
“I—I—they left me!” the fool stammered. “I—I saw you going the other way. Just wanted to talk!”
“What do we have to talk about? If it had been Chelinn, he’d have stuffed your corpse in one of those iron trash boxes already.” Lodrán did a quick pat, finding no weapons. The fool wore shoes that resembled those of the Joggers, and those shoes could not conceal anything dangerous. “Where are your friends?”
“Like I said, they left without me! We took Shiv out to the hills and threw him off a bank. He musta still been frozen, ‘cause he went to pieces when he hit the rocks. I started puking, and Cal and Tommy jumped in the car and took off without me.”
“Hm.” Lodrán stepped back, knife still at ready. “Chelinn would probably cut you a break—is that how you say it?—in that case. If you’re telling the truth.”
“I am! I am! All I’ve been able to think about is how quick and smooth you guys are. Whoever—whatever—you guys are, you’re for real. I was…” he looked down. “I was hoping maybe you’d show me how you do that.”
“You mean, teach you?” Lodrán frowned as the fool nodded. “I’m no safehouse master. In fact, I hope to be leaving town myself soon.”
The fool sighed. “Yeah. I know. You don’t owe me.”
“I might be able to show you a few things, though,” said Lodrán, wondering why he was taking pity on this fool. But The Hand guides one where it will. “What is your name?”
“Freddy. Freddy Wilder.”
“Very well, Freddy. Follow me.” Lodrán turned and left the alley, hearing his new student scramble to follow.
“Where are we goin’?”
“Back to the shop. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure you can explain yourself to Chelinn. Worst that happens, he’ll tell you to leave town on your own. He’s not bloodthirsty, he won’t kill you if he doesn’t think you’re a threat.
“Now, here’s your first lesson in the Silent Art: your clothes are all wrong. Your pants are too tight, they won’t let you move freely. Your shoes would be good for indoor work; but for the street, you need a good pair of boots that can conceal a knife. Your jacket has too many insignia—”
“Too many what?”
“Those things.” Lodrán tapped several patches. “They give enemies a way to recognize you. You need to be plain, to blend into a crowd. Blue is not a good color, either. You need black or dark grey, so you can be a shadow among shadows. A jacket with an inner pocket is useful, too.”
“Yeah. That makes sense.”
“Most of what I’ll have time to teach you will be things that, as you say, make sense. And we’re here. Let me do the talking at first.”
• • •
“So that’s the way things are,” said Lodrán, standing with Freddy in the office in the back of the shop. “I think you said this once: a fool who wishes to improve himself is no fool after all.”
Chelinn folded his arms and glared at his friend. “A foul thing, using a man’s own words against him.” He smirked. “Very well. He can live, and learn from you, as long as he stays out of the way and does not try stealing from noted Robinson any further.”
“Yeah,” said Freddy. “I’m not that stupid.”
“And a wise man understands his limits.” Chelinn grinned. “Do we need to divide our ‘Number Threes’ with you?”
“Nah. I already ate.” But Freddy stared at the pile of fries, and Lodrán slid a fourth of them to his new student. Chuck brought out a large soda bottle, with four cups made of a strange white substance, and poured for everyone after Lodrán tried and made his cup foam over. Lodrán offered half of his large cheeseburger to Freddy, who waved it away with some reluctance.
“Anyway,” said Chuck, “while you were out, I was telling Chelinn that we need to get stuff packed up for the con. It starts Saturday morning, but we’ll be spending tomorrow night setting up our booth. I’ve already got you guys vendor passes, which will get us into the auditorium the back way so we won’t have to deal with lines—”
“You’re going to that convention Sunday afternoon?” Freddy asked, wide-eyed.
“Well, it runs from Saturday morning through Thursday, but yeah. We’ll be there Sunday.”
“Shit. I heard some assholes say they’re gonna bomb it Sunday afternoon!”
“What?” The others started speaking all at once.
“Wait! Wait!” Freddy waved his arms. “One at a time!”
Chelinn looked around. “Freddy. Are we in danger now?” He seemed to swell and darken.
“No, no.” Freddy shrank back, as far as he could. “They’re gonna bomb the auditorium. Not this place.”
“Where did you hear this?”
“My uncle owns a bar called the American Eagle. The rednecks like to go there. I work there keeping the place cleaned up. It was last night, must’a been after last call, because I was sweeping the floor and wiping down empty tables. I heard four of ‘em at a table, talkin’ about how one of ‘em had a job at Engwald Auditorium. They said they could bring the bomb in Friday night while all the nerds were settin’ up and not payin’ attention. One of them said they could leave a rental car in the parking lot with a Koran in it, and the cops would blame it on the Muslims.”
“You’ve said several words that I don’t know the meaning of,” said Chelinn. “But that word bomb seems to be most important. What does that mean?”
Freddy gaped. “Are you for real?”
“They’re foreign,” said Chuck, looking grim. “It’s an explosive device, Chelinn. Same principle as a gun, just a lot bigger and not channeled. If it’s big enough, and in the right place, it could bring down the entire building.”
“Killing everyone inside, or near enough,” said Chelinn, turning back to Freddy. “I have many questions, but the one I think is most urgent is why? From what Chuck has said, the people attending the con are honest, harmless folk. What is to be gained from killing them?”
“God only knows,” said Freddy. “Rednecks pretty much hate anyone who ain’t just like them. Nerds would be an easy target, too.”
“Another tribe by association. Rednecks.” Chelinn gave him a sour look. “I presume you have contacted the authorities with this information?”
Freddy shook his head. “There’s a couple of warrants out for my ass. Nothin’ major, but they’d just throw me in jail and not pay attention to anything I try to tell ‘em.” He matched Chelinn’s sour look. “Cops. Another ‘tribe’ I prefer to avoid.”
“An anonymous tip, then,” said Chuck. “We’d have to call it in from a phone booth to keep it anonymous, or maybe from an auditorium office.”
“But if the police are swarming this auditorium before they bring in their device, wouldn’t that spook the plotters?” Lodrán began chewing his mustache. “Then they could just melt away and wait for a more opportune time, no?”
“Not to mention the authorities prying into our own affairs. As Chuck puts it, we are here illegally by the definition of the law.” Chelinn grinned. “If only they could exile us home, we would simply turn ourselves over!”
“So three of us are afoul of the law, and the fourth might cast suspicion on himself by shedding light on a plot he should know nothing about.” Lodrán now chewed both ends of his mustache. “So we let this happen?”
“They intend to bring their device in tomorrow evening, and commit their mayhem come Sunday afternoon, no?” Chelinn thought for a moment. “If we allow them to bring it in, there would yet be plenty of time to sound the alarm.”
“But what good would that do?” asked Chuck. “They still get away, whether or not their bomb goes off.”
“Perhaps not. Use one of your devices to record an image of their faces.”
“Take a picture?” Chuck stared at the wall for a few moments. “That could work. If we find the right guys.”
“How do we do that?” Lodrán looked skeptical.
“I could spot ‘em,” said Freddy. “Three of ‘em are regulars at the bar. BJ and Terry Lewis, their cousin Sam Gross, and some out of towner, they call him Hunter.” He shook his head. “They’re mostly a bunch of loudmouths. If I hadn’t heard ‘em talking about it like it was a done deal, I’d never believe they’d actually do something like this.”
“You would have to join us, then,” said Chelinn. “Share our hazards. Chuck must attend to his business, so he would be out of harm’s way. But as our spotter, they might recognize you as well.”
“I’ll take that chance. I’ve pissed my life away doing stupid shit. My uncle keeps tellin’ me it’s time to man up. I guess he’s right.”
“You’ll be fine, anyway,” said Lodrán. “Chelinn is one of the best tacticians in all of Termag. He takes it personally if he loses one of his own.”
“Termag?”
Chelinn sighed. “We’ll explain later.”
• • •
“Second lesson,” Lodrán had said, “act natural. If you’re looking over your shoulder all the time, you’ll attract attention. And for our kind, any attention is unwanted. Part of being unnoticed is to act like you belong.”
Freddy slouched in a dark corner of the loading area, where he could see everything going on. He wore an old, dark grey suit jacket over a black t-shirt. Black jeans and sneakers completed the ensemble. His vendor pass, identifying him as an Age of Heroes employee, dangled from his jacket. If anyone noticed him at all, they saw only a slacker playing with his cellphone. Freddy smiled. When it came to slacking, he needed no coaching.
They’re here, he texted. Sam’s the aud employee. Others have white catering outfits.
“They’re posing as caterers,” Chuck told Chelinn, who was helping to assemble the booth, and muttering curses in the goblin-tongue among others. “I’ll call Lodrán.”
“I see them,” said Lodrán into his phone. “Tell Freddy to follow them in.”
“Hello?” said Freddy into his cellphone. “Yeah. Okay, I guess I can take a break from break time.” He was already moving, the targets ahead of him but in sight. He pocketed his phone and shuffled along, keeping pace, hands in pockets. This was like acting. He’d performed in several plays in middle school, and really got into his characters. Like with everything else, though, the crowd he’d wanted to be in didn’t act in plays. What Lodrán called “the Silent Art” was a lot more interesting than his old life, so far.
The cart, draped with a white tablecloth, rumbled right on by the concession area. Lodrán was waiting there, and Freddy joined him. Lodrán immediately started a mostly one-sided conversation, waving his hands and leaving Freddy to grunt, “uh-huh” from time to time. He was amazed how fast Lodrán picked up the local slang; even his accent was nearly gone. Then, Lodrán put a hand on his shoulder and turned Freddy down the corridor. “I gotta water the bushes,” he said.
“Yeah, me too.”
They passed the targets, standing in front of the elevator. Lodrán continued chattering, “I tell all my clients, don’t look back. Never look back,” he said. “Past behind you, world in front of you.” They ambled on, and Lodrán suddenly stopped. “Who’s calling now?” he asked, turning to face the way they’d come and fumbling his phone out. “Yeah?” He nudged Freddy. “Where are they going?”
Freddy whispered, “That’s an elevator. It goes up and down.”
“Yeah?” Lodrán continued to yap at his phone. “Well, can you find the stairs, then?” He nudged Freddy again.
“That’s the stairs.” Freddy nodded to the door directly across from them.
“Alright. Well, listen… I need to get moving here. Talk to you later?” Lodrán pocketed his phone. “Luck of the draw whether they go up or down, I guess. If Chelinn were here…”
“They’re going down,” said Freddy. “See the lights next to the doors? The down arrow is lit. That means they’re going to the basement.”
“Good work. You may be suited to the Silent Art after all. Find a place where you can watch the elevators, and call me if they come up.” Lodrán took his phone out again, and disappeared through the stairway door.
The stairway ended after two flights of steps, and Lodrán emerged chattering at his phone. “Yeah, I went downstairs, there’s too much noise up there.” I wish we had these things at home, he thought, it would make blending in so much easier. Up ahead, the targets glanced back at the sales guy who wanted a little privacy, and gave it to him. Lodrán continued to babble until they turned a corner, then pocketed the phone again and pulled off his boots. In bare feet, he could run without making a sound.
The walls here in the basement were much like those in the loading area: blocks of uniform size, but covered in paint that was a bare step short of white. The lighting—in Lodrán’s mind, the most amazing thing in a world of amazing things—was like in Chuck’s store. Long glowing tubes, burning with no smoke and little heat, but suspended from the ceiling rather than recessed. Except for the lighting, the basement felt like home.
Reaching the turn, he stopped short and listened to the cart rumble along. Lodrán suppressed the urge to steal a peek around the corner. If you know what to listen for, your ears are as good as your eyes, his safehouse master once told him. And your ears can hear around corners. Lodrán could paint the scene in his mind’s eye easily enough, since he’d seen it seconds ago: the man in the green jumpsuit leading the way, two men in white outfits pushing the cart, and the last man looking over his shoulder. More amateurs.
“In here,” came a voice. The cart stopped, then keys jingled and a door opened. The cart rumbled again, quickly muffled. Lodrán finally dared to risk a look; he walked across the opening, poking at his phone with a sidelong look down the hallway. One door was open, nobody standing watch. He stopped, phone to his ear, and counted: fourth door on the right. He turned and made his silent way back to the stairwell door.
“We have what we need,” he told Freddy, punching the buttons that would connect him with Chuck.
“Hello?” said Chuck.
“Hi,” said Lodrán. “They really did deliver the package. I found where they left it.”
“That’s good. Chelinn says you need to join us here, though. He’s got the booth set up, but we still need to unpack the merchandise.”
• • •
They gathered at the auditorium early Saturday, well before the con opened. Freddy slipped away, then returned and touched Lodrán’s elbow. “That room downstairs? It’s locked.”
“We expected that, right?” said Chelinn. “Lodrán heard them unlocking the door. It stands to reason that they would lock it behind them.” He grinned. “Not that a lock would slow you down much, Lodrán.”
“These locks are more sophisticated than what we face at home.” Lodrán shrugged. “Fortunately, I’ve had opportunity to practice. Given a few minutes, I will prevail.”
“Here they come,” said Chuck, in his wizard outfit. Down at the end of the auditorium, attendees crowded through the doors, an endless torrent of humanity.
“So many people,” Lodrán breathed.
“Heh. There’s more than this, but the others are at the keynote address.”
“What’s that?”
“Oh. That’s where someone gives a speech. It’s a local author this year.” Chuck grinned. “A lot of people who come to these cons want to be authors as well. It gives them a chance to network—meet other people, maybe someone who can help them along. They have writing workshops, critique groups, roundtables, you name it.”
Further conversation was cut off by the throng reaching Chuck’s booth. People swarmed around them, marveling at Chelinn’s and Lodrán’s “costumes.” Lodrán, who considered attention potentially fatal, quickly grew nervous.
Chuck soon noticed Lodrán’s discomfort. “Go outside,” he said. “Take a walk. We’ll be alright here. Keep an eye out for you-know-who.” Lodrán nodded and left before Chuck could change his mind.
The front entrance was still crowded with people lined up to get in, and Lodrán went to the loading docks. A security guard let him through, after a quick glance at his vendor’s pass, and Lodrán breathed a sigh of relief in the dim quiet. He considered slipping downstairs and picking the lock on the door concealing the bomb, but dismissed it. The lock would give way, but then what?
He considered his options: stand in one place, or get some fresh air outside? As he’d done plenty of the first already this morning, he chose the second option and went to the parking lot. So much iron here… Chelinn had already bought several large boxes of nails, as much iron as he could carry, for the return trip. Imagine your car to be made of gold, he’d told Chuck, and you’ll understand how we feel when we sit inside one. He wandered between the cars, lost in thought.
“Hey!” a woman’s voice called out. “Hey!” Lodrán cursed himself for his continued lack of vigilance, then turned in the direction of the cry. A woman stood next to one of the cars, making a “come here” gesture. Lodrán looked around—he was the only other person in sight—then shrugged and made his way over to her.
The woman was round and soft, not the standard of beauty here, but close to Termag’s. She wore tight clothes that made her curves bulge, and her shirt was imprinted with lettering. Chelinn had thrown himself into learning the local script more than Lodrán, but after a moment he made out a cryptic message: GEEK GIRLS RULE. Her hair was much like Chelinn’s: the same color, straight, but cut shorter.
“Hey,” she said again as he approached. “Could you call someone for me? I locked my keys in my car. And my phone. And my purse.” She sighed. “Great way to start a con, huh?”
“This is your car?” Lodrán asked, getting a nod in response. “I have some, uh, locksmith training. Maybe I can get it open.”
“Oh, could you? You’d be my hero!” She laughed, a little self-conscious. “I’m Annie Chester.” She looked at Lodrán’s vendor badge. “Wow, that’s a strange first name.” After some discussion with Chuck, Lodrán insisted on keeping his name but chose “Roth” for a surname. “How do you pronounce it?”
“Much like it looks,” he said, pronouncing it for her. “It’s from my mother’s side of the family.” He took out the leather pouch that held his lockpicks. “This might take a few minutes, but I don’t think it’ll get the better of me.”
“Nice outfit, by the way,” said Annie, as Lodrán got to work. “Where’d you get it?”
“Um… I made it myself,” said Lodrán, slipping his first picks into the lock. “You should see my friend Chelinn though. He should be at the booth. I got—what’s the word?—too many people, so close together…”
“Claustrophobic. Wow, that’s gotta be rough at a con.”
“Crowds and closeness are not the problem, so much. But I was stuck in that booth and couldn’t move around.” Lodrán twisted his picks and heard a click. “Ah!” He pulled on the handle and the door swung open. “That went a little quicker than I thought it would.”
“Yes!” Annie squealed and hugged him, then gasped and froze a moment before releasing him. “Sorry. I got a little excited.” She looked embarrassed.
“I’ll survive.” Lodrán grinned. “I think there’s still a line at the front. I can bring you in the back if you like.”
“Tempting. But I’d need to get my pass and stuff anyway.” Annie scrutinized Lodrán’s vendor pass again. “Age of Heroes. Will you be there?”
“That’s my home away from home this week.”
“Okay. Well, thanks again. I’ll swing by when I get inside. Hey… what are you doing tonight? You wanna show an out-of-town girl around?”
“I’m from out of town myself, but maybe we can discover this place together. N— Chuck says there are parties in the hotel every night, and a vendor badge will get me into most of them.”
“Sounds great! I’m staying in the hotel, so I won’t have to drive anywhere.” She grinned. “We’ll work out the details when I come by.” She threaded her way between the cars, jiggling in ways that made Lodrán smile. He walked back to the rear entrance, thinking about how a mere scrap that The Hand threw your way could make a difficult situation so much more bearable. Even if he never saw her again, it was… well, Chelinn would approve of him plying his trade this way.
• • •
“We did some fantastic business today, so I thought I’d treat my staff to some decent food for a change.” Chuck grinned and raised his beer mug. “You guys were part of it, at least.”
“Lodrán, why don’t you step into the lobby to wait for your friend?” Chelinn sipped his beer, then smiled and took a longer drink.
“I’m that obvious?”
“No. Someone would have to know you very well to note that your attention is divided. I just happen to be one of those people.”
Lodrán laughed, finished his mug, and stood. “Whoa. This is stronger stuff than back home.” He shook his head once, then slipped away.
“She’s welcome to join us!” Chuck called after Lodrán. He smiled, thinking about the young woman who had come by the booth at the tail-end of the initial rush. Like nearly everyone else, she’d gushed over Chelinn’s “outfit” but then told them how Lodrán had unlocked her car for her. Chuck suggested a party with an open bar that started at nine tonight, and the deal was sealed. He looked at Freddy, and grew sober. “We need to talk about tomorrow.”
“I thought that was already figured,” said Freddy. “Lodrán will open an office around ten, and we’ll phone the cops from there. Then we hightail it back to the booth and get ready to pack up the important stuff and evacuate.”
“There’s an outside chance that one of the staff will discover it before we make the call. What do we do if that happens?”
“I don’t see how it changes things much,” said Chelinn. “Either way, we can’t break camp without raising suspicion, until we get the evacuation order.”
“The thing that really worries me is what happens if we don’t get the order,” said Freddy. “What if the cops decide if it’s a hoax? Or if they have someone at the 911 place to make sure a call doesn’t go through? I ain’t gonna stay around to find out.”
“A fire would get everyone out,” said Chuck. “Too bad you can’t teach me a spell to start a fire, Chelinn.”
“It takes a certain temperament for a beginning mage to work Fire magic. Mine, for example.” Chelinn grinned. “Your temperament, I think, would be better suited to Air or Water spells. But given your technology, the Principle of Necessity would normally demand that you start fires in the usual manner.”
“If I hadn’t seen what I seen, I’d think y’all were just yappin’ about some game.” Freddy drained his mug.
“Normally,” Chuck agreed. “But this isn’t a normal circumstance, is it? Besides, someone carrying flammable materials through a crowded building would be remembered when the fire actually starts.”
“Hey!” said Annie, with Lodrán in tow. “Thanks for inviting me, I was gonna go find a fast-food joint.”
“No problem,” said Chuck. “What are you drinking?” He flagged down the waiter. “I think we all need a refill on our beers. No more shop talk, folks. Time for happy-babble!”
“A Cabernet for me.” Annie laughed. “Have you guys already ordered?” They nodded and she took a quick glance at the menu. “The Chicken Salad Oratorio looks good, especially since I ordered red wine.”
“Now there’s someone who has her priorities straight,” Chuck laughed. “Wine, then food!” Everyone, including Annie, joined the laughter.
The waiter brought their drinks. “Your entrees should be ready shortly,” he told them. “The salad won’t slow things down much, so we’ll bring them out together.”
“A toast.” Chelinn raised his freshened mug. “To friends well-met on a strange journey.”
“And to friends well-come in time of need!” Chuck matched Chelinn’s grin.
“I’ll drink to that!” said Annie, giving Lodrán a nudge. He smiled and drank with the others.

Some hours later, Lodrán and Annie tottered up a hotel hall, arms around each other. Annie laughed on occasion at their stumbles, while Lodrán tried to remember how the elevator worked and how he would find his way back to the exhibition hall. The style of dancing here was chaotic, but he did well enough to get a compliment from Annie. Not that it required much more than letting go of one’s inhibitions, and the drink made that simple. He’d not drank so much since that night he found himself peering into the chambers of Lord Tarchus’s daughter. He never could bring himself to break up that stolen necklace, more wealth than he could spend in a hundred years—
“Here we are,” said Annie, fumbling a small card out of her pants pocket. Lodrán watched as she inserted it in a slot above the door handle, then withdrew it. Lodrán heard a click, and she opened the door then gave him a hesitant smile. “You wanna come in?”
Lodrán looked down. “Annie, in… where I come from, if a woman invites a man into her chambers at night, it’s not to drink tea.” He looked at her and smiled. “But I’ve enjoyed our time together, and I wouldn’t mind extending it a few more hours.”
“It’s not all that different here,” she said. “I usually don’t do this, but you’ve been nice and… well, I don’t get out a lot. Maybe it’ll be more than a fling. I hope so.”
“I can’t promise much beyond this night, Annie. But not because I have anyone to go home to.”
“Hell, at least you’re honest.” Annie laughed. “Maybe we can have room service bring us breakfast in the morning.”
Chapter 4 – Bomb Threat
Lodrán woke to a warbling noise. “Mmmf?” Annie rolled over and draped an arm over him, stroking his chest and lower down. “You gonna answer that?”
“Answer what?” At first, Lodrán thought she was talking about what she was doing… and how he was responding. Then the warbling noise came again. “Oh. That thing.” He leaned over the edge of the bed and fumbled through his clothes, remembering something Chuck had said yesterday: These gadgets are pretty cool, yeah. But you don’t own them so much as they own you. He pulled it open, not getting it upside-down only by luck. “Unh?”
“Hey.” Chuck’s tinny voice felt like a sword through Lodrán’s skull. “Where are you?”
“Uh… the hotel. Am I needed?”
“Yeah. It’s almost ten, time for you and Freddy to make that phone call.”
“Oh. That late?”
Annie looked at the clock on the nightstand. “Yuck. Ten till ten. So much for room service.”
“Yeah,” said Chuck. You might wanna shake your silent tail and get on down here.”
“Okay. Give me a few minutes.” He closed the phone and sighed. “Duty calls.”
“I gathered that.” Annie climbed out of bed, keeping Lodrán’s full and undivided attention. “Let’s get some coffee started. It’s no fun to start work with a hangover and no coffee.” A moment later, the device began its chuffing noise and she slipped back into bed with a big smile. “I know what we can do while we’re waiting.”
After a few minutes of contentment to end their time together, Annie nudged him out of bed and pulled some clean clothes from a dresser. “You want my number?” She sounded hopeful.
“I do. But—I hope you don’t think less of me for this—I don’t know how to put it in my phone. I’ve never had one until the day before yesterday.”
“No problem.” Annie grinned and picked up Lodrán’s phone, poking at it for a minute. “Done. Just hit the address book, find my name, and hit the call button.” She showed him what to do, and the phone on her side of the bed began playing music. “All set. I’ll save your number, too.”
“Good. Annie, I really hope we can meet again. But promise me something.”
“Sure.”
“If there was anything you wanted to do away from this place while you’re here, do it today. This afternoon. If you don’t have any plans, make some. For my sake?”
“Why?”
“I can’t talk about it. If we’re successful, there won’t be any problems. But I don’t want to… to take that chance. With you.”
“What’s gonna happen?”
“I hope nothing. But trust me. Please.”

With Annie’s promise, Lodrán breathed easier as he jogged through the portal between the hotel and auditorium.
Freddy was waiting for him near the exhibit hall entrance. “You dog,” he said with a grin. Seeing Lodrán’s puzzled look, he continued, “That’s just something we say when a guy gets lucky.”
“What?”
“You no speak-a de English? Gettin’ lucky is… you know. Gettin’ the girl. Hope you let her know how it is.” Freddy cocked an eyebrow.
“Um, yeah. She let me know how it is too. I think she’s leaving already.”
“Huh. I guess you told her everything then.”
“Not everything.” Lodrán marveled at how well Freddy fell into role-playing. He could be born to the Silent Art as much as Chuck was born with the talent for magic. Or more. What this world has thrown aside, he thought, as they talked about his supposed conquest. Two companions, making the wind, who seemed to not realize they were straying away from the venue itself and into the office area. As for the subject matter, Lodrán thought he himself might have been the conquest.
They continued to chat until others were out of sight and hearing, then turned a corner. “James Isaacson,” Freddy read the nameplate next to the door. “That’s your name for a few minutes.” He tried the door. “Locked. But not for long, right?”
Lodrán did not bother to respond, and got to work on the lock while Freddy stood in front of him and played with his phone. “Got it,” said Lodrán, turning the knob. No alarm sounded, and they slipped inside and closed the door behind them.
“What the hell?” Freddy punched a button on the phone. “Maybe nine to get out? Nothing.”
“What?”
“The phone’s dead. I’m not even getting a dialtone. They wouldn’t make it that hard to call out.”
“What’s—never mind. Let’s try the next office.”
Lodrán opened three offices, and all the phones were dead. “Could the people who left the bomb have done this?” he asked Freddy.
“Yeah. It ain’t that hard to cut a phone line. They put the bomb in the PBX room, and that’s where all the lines go. And it’s the weekend, so when this place comes down, nobody will know they did it.”
“We need to tell Chelinn.”
“We were talkin’ about what if they had someone inside 911 that could keep the call from going through, while you were bringin’ your girlfriend over,” said Freddy. “They said something about the fire alarms.”
“A secondary plan. That sort of thing is second nature to Chelinn.”
“Yeah. We call that a ‘Plan B.’ Let’s go.”

The basement was empty, and Chelinn and Lodrán moved quickly through the hallways. “Here,” said Chelinn, pointing at the sign next to one door. “Records. I thought they would be here.”
“Why?” Lodrán started on the lock.
“It’s much like Ak’koyr, in a way. The records may be needed, but not often enough to justify having them near the workers. So the records room is out of the way. But nearby, in a place with stone walls, since paper burns readily…”
Lodrán opened the door. “Then burn it!”
“I can’t, at the moment.” Chelinn looked at Lodrán. “What would make me angry today?”
“Hundreds of people dying needlessly, when you could have—”
Chelinn’s faced flushed, and fire leaped from his hands. Nozzles in the ceiling began spraying water that turned to steam in the heat of Chelinn’s magical fire. After a long minute, the magical fire died and natural fire took over, burning stacks of paper on the shelves where the water could not reach.
“Here’s the fire alarm,” said Chelinn, noting a red block on the wall outside the records room.
“Pull… to… sound… alarm.” Lodrán puzzled out the words. He pulled down the small lever, then covered his ears. The buzzing noise pierced his aching head regardless.
“Quickly now!” Chelinn hissed, taking Lodrán’s arm. “I’ve made us hard to see, just hold on to me!” They clattered up the stairs.
• • •
“Where have you two been?” Chuck feigned annoyance at Chelinn and Lodrán. “They’re giving us five minutes to clear out.” He gestured at the hand truck, with two boxes already stacked on it. “Load it up. Freddy, you push the cart. The rest of us will each take a box. Two, if we can carry them.”
Minutes later, they reached the parking lot and loaded boxes in Chuck’s car. Chuck gave the building a wistful look. “This was shaping up to be the best sales year I’ve had at the con,” he sighed. In the distance, they could hear sirens. “Let’s hope things get back to normal, quick.” He saw Chelinn’s look and nodded, then lowered his voice. “I wish we could make sure they find the bomb.”
“If we could call from someone else’s phone, I’d call it in now,” said Freddy. “I wouldn’t even use our go-phones for that, though. I had a drunk friend call 911 from her cell and hung up, and the call didn’t disconnect. They used her cell to figure out where she was and found her. It was a big mess.”
“They have phones in the hotel rooms,” said Lodrán.
“Hell, they have public phones in the restaurant!” Freddy threw his hands in the air. “Should we make the call, or what?”
Lodrán nodded. “Let’s go.” They sprinted across the parking lot, behind the auditorium to the hotel beyond.

“I think there’s a bomb in the auditorium basement,” Lodrán said into the phone. “James Isaacson… I was in the basement Friday night and saw one of our maintenance employees, Sam Gross, down there with three caterers. That was strange, because we don’t have any concessions in the basement. They went into the PBX Room, I checked it this morning. The lines in the offices aren’t working, so I’m calling from the hotel. Now the fire alarms are going off.” He covered the mouthpiece and whispered to Freddy, “That’s all they need, right?”
Freddy nodded. “Yeah, that should do it. The bomb squad’ll be storming the place pretty quick.” He looked at his phone. “Just past eleven. Cutting it awful close.”
“Look, I don’t want to be here any longer than I have to,” Lodrán told the phone. “I’m going to hang up and leave now.” He hung up. “Let’s get something to eat,” he said to Freddy, nodding at the restaurant. “It promises to be a long day.”
“Whoa.” Freddy paused. “How about that salad place, just down the road? They have some kind of Sunday special.”
“That might be good. Any other suggestions?” Lodrán cocked an eyebrow at Freddy and got a small nod in return. Some wind had blown Freddy’s way.
“There’s the seafood buffet, but it’ll be pretty crowded if we don’t get there before twelve-thirty or so.”
“Salad should be good.” They walked to a place out of earshot. “What was it?”
“The guys from the bar,” said Freddy. “They’re in the restaurant.”
Lodrán’s eyebrows shot up. “Did they see you?”
“No.”

“They wanted front-row seats for the show,” said Chuck, looking grim. He watched the fire trucks near the back entrance. “Good thing it’s not the show they’re expecting.”
“I presume the authorities can find this Sam and the others, without any further help from us?” Chelinn looked at Freddy.
“Maybe,” said Freddy. “Their families might hide ‘em. I don’t know if they would for a charge like terrorism, but they might have a place to go. Could be a long time before they get caught.” Two black vans rolled into the parking lot, sirens wailing. “That’s the bomb squad.”
Lodrán shrugged. “If we have to intervene again—”
A voice blared from horns mounted on top of the vans: “This area is hazardous. All non-emergency personnel must proceed to the nearest barricade. This is a mandatory evacuation order.” The voice began repeating itself; around them, people looked puzzled but began moving.
“Chuck, Freddy, perhaps you should follow the crowd,” said Chelinn. “Lodrán and I will see if there is anything further we can do here.”
“I’ve got to see if I can get in to grab another load,” said Chuck. He took the handcart and walked away.
“I’m stayin’ with you,” Freddy told Chelinn. “You need me to ID those assholes.”
Chelinn glared a Freddy for a moment. “Fate is, at best, a capricious bitch. She may have put you in our path to help us. Or the inverse. Or—not all events are arranged by powers high or low. In any case, you will share a great risk with little hope of reward.”
“Whatever. Like I said, I’m tired of pissin’ my life away with stupid shit.”
“That tree.” Lodrán pointed to a large oak just beyond the edge of the pavement. “We can see from there without drawing attention.”
“Speakin’ of ID,” Freddy hissed, “there they are.” He laid a finger on his chest, pointing sideways. The four of them were walking across the parking lot, watching the commotion near the entrances.
“Call to them,” said Chelinn. “I’ll be interested in their reaction.” He and Lodrán crouched behind a car.
Freddy nodded and turned. “Sam! BJ! Terry! Hey, guys!” He gave them a big grin and a wild wave.
The four men stopped and turned toward Freddy, looking uncertain. Several police beyond turned as well. Freddy walked toward them.
“Hey, what are you guys doing here?” he asked. “Me, I got an excuse. Uncle Johnny don’t pay near enough, and one of the vendors needed some help—”
“Who is this?” Hunter asked his companions.
“He works at the bar we went to,” said BJ. “You saw him there. He ain’t nothin’ to worry about.”
Chelinn’s voice came to Freddy, although he could not see him: If I were you, I would keep a car, perhaps two, between them and yourself. I sense some hostile intent.
Freddy slipped a hand behind his back long enough to display a thumbs-up. “I saw you guys and just thought I’d say hey,” he said. “I gotta pack this crap up, some assclowns started a fire in the basement and phoned in a bomb threat, so they ran us all out.”
“Would you like some help?” Hunter asked him, then started walking toward Freddy without waiting for an answer. “I don’t guess you want to be anywhere near here if there’s a bomb threat.”
Freddy waved and turned, hoping it looked natural. “Nah, I only have two more boxes to load. Besides, we’re all hopin’ it’s a hoax, and we’ll be able to get back to it in a couple hours.”
“No problem at all.” The four followed Freddy, who saw the pistol in Hunter’s hand. “BJ can help you finish up, then we’re going to take a little walk.”
Freddy felt the adrenaline rush at the sight of the gun, but remembered one of Lodrán’s late-night lessons: You cannot outwit an adversary if you panic. “Sure,” he fought down the shake in his voice. “But just to let you know, there’s two of our security goons around here. I’ve seen ‘em in action. If something happens to me, they’ll open up a fifty-five gallon drum of whoop-ass on you.”
“Sure, kid,” said Hunter.
“Hey, Hunter,” said Sam. “We don’t need to drag him into this.”
“Just shut up and get moving. Those cops are gonna be on us if we don’t leave now.” Hunter glared at Freddy. “If anyone comes around, you wave that badge at ‘em if you know what’s good for you. Let’s go. We’re parked at one of the offices down there.”
• • •
“What’s that?” Terry Lewis asked, pointing at something sticking out of the sidewalk ahead.
“Looks like some kind of knife,” said BJ, jogging ahead. He pulled a bronze dagger out of the crack between two slabs. “Wow. Hell of a nice pig-sticker. Not too smart, leavin’ it here.” He ran his thumb over the edge, then jerked it back. “Damn, that’s sharp!” He ran the blade over the back of his beefy arm. “You can shave with this.”
Freddy smiled. “That’s—it belongs to one of the security guys. He’s just letting us know he’s waiting for us, somewhere up ahead.”
“Then he’s stupid,” said Hunter. “Now we’ll be ready for him.”
“You haven’t seen these guys work. I know you won’t believe me, and you won’t even when you’re dying in whatever way they’ve got planned for you.”
“Shut up, or you’ll be the first one dead.” Hunter jabbed the pistol at Freddy, then looked at his companions. “What are you looking at? He’s bluffing. Keep moving.”

Lodrán, a shadow among shadows, watched as the thug marveled at his knife. If I had that crossbow, he thought, I could turn their Hunter into prey. The others would likely run. But no matter; Chelinn was about to make things uncomfortable for them. The two of them could carry out Freddy’s threat, but Chelinn’s way was the bloodless rout or surrender. Lodrán long knew how Chelinn preferred to minimize bloodshed.
Chelinn was magically cloaked, but the enemy was looking everywhere but where he was. Ground wasps—or what Chuck and Freddy called “yellow jackets”—darted back and forth, knowing an intruder was near their nest, but not finding him. He reached out with his mind and spoke to the wasps.

Hunter cursed and nearly dropped his gun, slapping his hand. But the yellow jacket was already circling his head.
Terry Lewis broke and ran. “I’m allergic!” he yelled, dashing ahead. “I’ll see you at the car!” Moments later, two more wasps found their marks: BJ’s left leg, behind the knee; the back of Sam’s neck.
“Move, move!” Hunter snarled, jabbing Freddy with the gun. They all ran, BJ limping, until the wasps were left behind. “We’re almost there. Are you allergic too?”
“No. Just hurts.” BJ rubbed the back of his leg. Sam shook his head.
“Good. Our hostage got lucky, I guess. We’re almost there anyway.”
They turned into an office parking lot. “Where’s Terry?” asked Sam.
“Our tires!” BJ spat a curse and ran to the car. “His friend musta cut ‘em! All four!”
Hunter hooked an arm around Freddy’s neck, then held the gun to his head. “That’s it!” he yelled. “Show yourself, or your friend is dead!”
“Behind you.”
Hunter spun around, using Freddy as a pivot, to face a man taller and broader even than his beefy friends. The sword he carried looked deadly.
“I cede to you the right to shed first blood,” said Chelinn. “But Hell shall take what is left of you soon after.”
“Nice dress-up,” said Hunter. He turned the gun on Chelinn and fired.
Chelinn winced and scowled. “No blood was drawn. But Death does not require the shedding of blood. That is all the warning I give you.”
Hunter released Freddy, but kept the gun on him, and stepped to one side. “For a world where magic is all but stamped out, you’re a rather powerful sorcerer. How did I miss you?”
Chelinn raised one eyebrow, but showed no other sign of surprise, then smirked. “Perhaps you did not.”
“Another world, then? Which? And why are you here?”
“I would rather not say which, until I know your intentions better. As for why? We are here quite by accident. And what of you?”
“I am The Hunter. It is my sworn duty to root out the use of magic, wherever that duty calls me.” He smirked in return. “This posting has been somewhat soft, these last few centuries. But perhaps once I deal with you, I can start on your world.”
“My world has taken its first steps on a path that shall lead to the end we see in this one. With or without you, magic will be but a memory in a millennium. But why involve yourself in such a sordid enterprise? Scheming to kill hundreds of innocents for whom magic is but a fantasy?”
Hunter spat. “Those fools long for the return of magic. If they are left to search unchecked, they may rediscover the door. I put the last true witches to the fire on this world… and a few, I admit, who were not witches, but no matter. As for your world? From the looks of your weapons, you are still mired in the Bronze Age!”
“We can work iron, what little we have. And although the lives of innocents are of no matter to you, is it no matter that while you have one of my people, I have one of yours?”
“I will let this one go. If you surrender yourself to me.”
“Me? I have your oaf. You have my oaf. I would think oaf for oaf would be fair trade, no?”
“My oaf has served his purpose. His fate now matters little to me.”
“Hey!” BJ and Sam said together. “Terry’s our kin, he matters to us!” They both drew pistols, and pointed them at Hunter.
“Hey there!” Sam called past Hunter to Chelinn. “Big hombre! If we turn your friend loose, you promise to let my cousin go?”
“Of course.”
“Let him go, Hunter,” said BJ, aiming at Hunter’s head.
Hunter did not turn or even glance back at his former companions. “Your threats are hardly worth dismissing, let alone considering. Leave us.”
BJ pulled the trigger, frowned, then stepped closer and shot again. He scowled and looked at his pistol. “No way I coulda missed!”
Chelinn shook his head. “You are dedicated to the eradication of magic, and yet use magical protection yourself? I believe the word is hypocrisy.”
“Sometimes, one must use the weapons of evil to fight evil.” Hunter turned around. “Go. Take him with you.” He waved the pistol at Freddy in a dismissive gesture. “What any of you do next is not my concern.”
“C’mon, Sam,” said BJ, pistol dangling from his hand, “this just got weirder than I wanna deal with.” He looked at Freddy. “You too, I guess. Can you help us find Terry?”
Freddy nodded and joined them; they ran to the assumed safety of the trees.

“Much better,” Chelinn told Hunter. “One on one.”
“I thought you would prefer it this way.”
Chelinn nodded. “You have that much honor, and I will return honor for honor.” He hefted Gonfanlon, his glowing bronze blade. “Shall I put this away, or do you have a weapon to match it?”
“I have.” Hunter threw his pistol aside then raised his hand skyward. A gigantic silver sword grew from his hand, looking much like an elongated meat cleaver. Electrical discharges crawled across it like frenzied worms, then faded away.
“Lightning Silver?” Chelinn looked impressed.
“Indeed. The greatest weapon to ever be forged by Air magic, it is said.” The air crackled as Hunter swung it in front of him. “But nothing like the weapons forged by the smiths of this world. The bomb we planted would have destroyed the auditorium and part of the adjacent hotel. But these mad fools have created weapons that could wipe away this entire city, and they have thousands. Were they to be used all at once, this entire world would be left a cinder.” Hunter grinned. “Incredible, the power that can be unleashed when we put aside childish things.”
“I believe… I need a drink.” Chelinn fumbled in his jacket for a moment, then withdrew a flask. “Would you like to share a toast?”
“I prefer to fight sober. But do indulge yourself.”
Chelinn nodded and upended the flask, drinking down magic that would give him preternatural strength and speed. “Ah. Better. Shall we dance?”

BJ, Sam, and Freddy reached the trees and turned to see a gigantic sword spring from Hunter’s hand. “Shoot,” said Sam, watching Chelinn upend his flask, “I could use some of that myself.”
“I have no drink,” said Lodrán behind them, “but I’ll offer you a trade. My knife for your friend.”
BJ and Sam gasped and spun around. “Where the hell did you come from?”
“The shadows.” Lodrán stepped back, and disappeared. “Do we have a deal?”
“Yeah, sure.” BJ lifted the knife from his belt and gave it a gentle toss in the direction of Lodrán’s voice. “Now where’s Terry?”
Lodrán stepped forward, retrieved his knife, and pointed it upward. “As some of your people say, hanging out.” They looked up to find Terry, dangling from a tree limb, bound and gagged but alive and as comfortable as one could be in his position.

“Okay, I’m going!” Chuck flapped a hand at the cops ushering him away from the auditorium. “My car’s over there, okay?”
“Fine. Just get in and drive away.” The cop gave him a final poke in the back. “Don’t dawdle!”
Chuck reached his car and opened the trunk—as far as he could tell, they had packed everything. He collapsed the hand truck and laid it on top of the boxes.
“Where the hell are you guys?” he asked, starting the car. He closed his eyes for a moment, thinking about Lodrán. His porn-star mustache, his outfit, his knives…

Chelinn took his “ready” stance, and Hunter charged. Lightning Silver crashed into Gonfanlon with a peal of thunder, throwing sparks and tiny bolts of lightning. Above them, clouds began to gather. Chelinn sidestepped, impossibly fast, but his counterstroke was met by an equally swift parry. 
“You leave nothing to chance.” Hunter smiled.
“Against an unknown opponent, who should be here no more than I? It would be foolish to do anything else.”
“Indeed. Lightning Silver destroys most weapons at first strike. No matter how well-crafted, that is no inert blade of bronze.”
“Gonfanlon is no legend, but it serves.”
Again, the two blades crashed together.

Lodrán glanced around him, feeling like he was being watched. If I didn’t know better, he thought, I’d think Chelinn was looking for me. He gasped.
“Freddy,” he said. “Come with me.” They walked toward the street, Lodrán looking for a landmark.
BJ looked at Sam and Terry. “You think they’ll be lookin’ for us?”
“I’d assume so,” said Sam. “If they know about the bomb, they’ll be askin’ all the employees what we saw.” The others nodded and they ran for BJ’s truck.

In his mind, Chuck saw Lodrán standing outside, in front of a brick building. No, a brick office park sign. There was an office park just up the street… “Gotcha!” He jerked the gearshift into Drive; his tires chirped as he roared out of the parking lot.
“If we hadn’t told him to move it, I’d give him a ticket for that,” said one of the cops.

Chelinn considered the situation as he parried another slash. Hunter’s blade was the stronger of the two, but Chelinn had the advantages of stamina and personal strength. Their skills were equally matched otherwise. He would prevail, unless Gonfanlon shattered first. Gonfanlon was sturdy and trustworthy, but he had never crossed blades with a weapon of Lightning Silver’s repute.
Hunter tried to break away for a breather; Chelinn pressed him. An opening is all I need, he thought. Quickly.

Lodrán waved wildly as Chuck screeched to a stop. “What’s going on?” Chuck yelled through an open window.
“Chelinn and Hunter are fighting a duel in the parking lot!” Lodrán pointed up the bank.
“That dude’s sword is huge!” Freddy yelled from up the bank, where he could see the fight. “He and Chelinn both have that magic thing going, where guns don’t work on ‘em! And God, they’re fast—I don’t know how we can help!”
The clang and rumble of swords rolled into the street once more. Chuck stomped the gas pedal, tires squealing as he turned into the office park.

Chelinn ducked under Lightning Silver, slashing at Hunter’s legs, but Hunter jumped and both swords whistled as they sliced only air. Both men thought, almost at once, I need to end this soon. Chelinn stood just in time to parry a counterstrike. The clash of swords masked the sound of rubber on pavement.
Hunter’s back was to the parking lot entrance, so it was Chelinn who saw Chuck’s car fishtail up the driveway. Chelinn’s eyes widened, and Hunter grinned at an apparent sign of weakness. He threw himself into a final frenzied attack, slashing wildly—
As the car roared toward them, Chelinn stumbled and fell backwards. Gonfanlon flew from his hand, and Chelinn displaced himself six feet backwards. Hunter, ears no longer overwhelmed by the clangor of their duel, turned to see the car bearing down on him—too late. The bumper took out Hunter’s legs, flinging him into the windshield, then over the roof. Lightning Silver spun away, booming to the pavement. Hunter tumbled through the air and came down on his head, landing with a sickening crack.
• • •
Chuck clambered out of his car, looking everywhere but at Hunter. “Is everyone all right?”
“All but one,” said Chelinn, retrieving Gonfanlon. He crossed the parking lot to where Lightning Silver fell, but a scorch mark was all that remained. “How did you find us?”
“That spell you taught me. I focused on Lodrán, and saw him here.”
“Well done, then.” As Freddy and Lodrán rushed to join them, Chelinn knelt to survey Hunter’s injuries. “Not good,” he said, shaking his head. “His neck and legs are broken, and his skull is crushed. Had he not come down on his head, I could have done something for him.”
“Thank The Hand,” said Lodrán, “When you fell, I thought I’d lost my bet.”
“You placed a wager on our duel?”
“Only with myself. If I’d lost that bet, though, I’d have been stuck here for good.”
“Is that so bad?” asked Freddy.
Lodrán shrugged. “Chuck tells us that we would be considered ‘illegal immigrants’ by the authorities here. I live in the shadows, but there are times when one must walk in the sunlight.”
“That’s no big deal. I know a guy who could forge you a complete identity, put you in the system and everything, for four hundred bucks. The cops could run your ID all day and not find a thing wrong with it.”
“We have more pressing issues,” said Chuck. “I just killed someone with my car.”
“Can they connect you with this, noted Robinson?”
“Yeah. They’ll get DNA samples. I could wash my car, but I’d probably miss a spot and the damage would… would…” Chuck staggered to the curb and vomited into the shrubs and pine straw.
Chelinn grimaced and rifled Hunter’s pockets. He found what he wanted—Hunter’s keys—and walked to the car. Laying a hand on it, he dispelled the illusion that made the tires look flat. “Lodrán, Freddy,” he called, “help me put him in the trunk.”
“How long do you think it’ll be before the authorities inspect this car?” asked Lodrán.
“Could be a few days, maybe a week or more,” said Freddy, taking one of Hunter’s arms. “See that ‘For Lease’ sign up there? That means nobody’s using this office space. He could sit here until the landscapers notice the smell and call the cops.” 
“By then, we’ll be gone,” said Chelinn, as they hefted Hunter into the trunk. “And—” he looked at fat drops of rain beginning to splatter on the pavement— “the rain should wash away any blood. Perhaps it will take care of noted Robinson’s car as well.” He dropped the keys on top of Hunter then closed the trunk. “The fate of his friends will have to be decided without our help, I think.”
“We ID’ed Sam as one of them. That should be enough. They might not get picked up right away, but they’ll be on the run.” Freddy sighed and shook his head. “I know those guys. They talked big, but I just can’t believe they’d do something like that.”
“Perhaps they were coerced,” Chelinn suggested. “Hunter may well have used magical means, nudging them down a path they feared to tread.”
“Hey,” said Chuck, spitting into the pine straw one last time, “you think you’ll get a rainbow out of this?” His voice shook, but he seemed otherwise under control.
“Very possible. Is your car fit to drive?”
Chuck knelt in front of the car, peering through the dented grill. “Yeah. I don’t think he punctured the radiator.”

“We’re vendors!” Chuck yelled, waving his pass at the cops behind the barricade. “Are they gonna open the auditorium back up any time soon?” He had left the car behind, where the cops would not see the damage, carrying an umbrella.
“Maybe by tomorrow afternoon, is what I’ve heard,” said one cop, rain drizzling off his bright yellow jacket. “Sorry. They’re takin’ a bomb out now, but they gotta process the crime scene and that’ll take a while. I heard there was an arson, too.” The cop shook his head. “Man. Someone really had it in for you guys. Anyway, you can call the hotline number tomorrow, they’ll know more by then.”
Chuck returned to his car, and they drove away. Chelinn could see little, as the windshield on his side was cracked and crazed where Hunter had hit it. His knees were jammed against the dashboard, making room behind him for Freddy. At least Chuck can see out, he thought. “Where to? Not far, I hope.”
“Back to the store, I guess,” said Chuck. “That’s the only place I can think of.” He said nothing for a while, until the rain began to let up. “Hey, I just had an idea,” he said. “I could get online, and invite the attendees to a party at the shop. Charge admission, call in catering for food… if I come anywhere close to breaking even on that, I’d do pretty good with merchandise sales. And it would give people something to do. Lodrán, call your girlfriend and invite her too. Each employee gets to bring a guest.”
Lodrán nodded, phone to his ear, from his cramped backseat domain. “I’m talking to her now,” he said.
“Hey, check out the rainbow,” said Freddy, looking out his side window.
“Rainbow?” Chelinn looked where Freddy pointed. “Chuck! That way!” Behind Chuck, Lodrán looked up for a moment, nodded, and spoke some more.
“Aren’t rainbows just an optical illusion?” asked Chuck, turning and speeding up.
“Yes, but they are also symbols, and symbols have power,” said Chelinn. He concentrated for a moment. “We’re close enough now. I’ve anchored it. I hope it’s where we won’t attract attention. Speaking of which, how will you explain the damage to your car?”
“Easy. I’ll say I hydroplaned. Happens all the time.”
A few more minutes of driving took them to a city park. Chelinn threw his door open, stumbled out. “Lodrán!” he yelled, opening the trunk and pushing merchandise aside to retrieve his nails. “Quickly!”
“Um… Lodrán pocketed his phone, and looked past Chelinn, to where the rainbow touched down behind some trees. “You go on. I’m staying here.”
“What?”
“I was talking with Annie, and she said I could stay with her for a while.” He grinned. “Freddy says I can get papers that will make me a citizen, too.”
Chelinn shouldered his hundredweight of iron nails with a grunt. “You wouldn’t stay for the sake of a woman. I know you better.”
“Maybe. But this world… it calls to me. It needs people like me. Like us. People who can undo the damage Hunter and his kind have done.”
“And Lightning Silver will turn up sometime,” Chelinn mused. “Such a weapon will not be content until it is in the hands of someone who will use it. Someone who knows what it is should watch for it.” He turned, but looked over his shoulder. “Once I return to Termag, I won’t need a rainbow to find my way back. I’ll be back to visit, and teach Chuck more magic.” He grinned. “Perhaps I will send my sister here some time.”
Lodrán’s eyes grew wide. “I don’t think this world is ready for her.”
“Nor she for it. It would be amusing.” He jogged away, into the trees. He turned and waved a final time, then was gone.

THE END
Common Terms and Phrases
All Points of the Compass—commonly used to refer to a multi-ethnic group. Some folk use it to describe a person whose ancestry is indeterminate.
The All-Seeing Eye of Bula-Bula—a humorous reference to the Eyes of Byula, six scrying-stones said to be the eyes of an ancient idol (perhaps predating Camac That Was). Protectors in the farther reaches of Camac’s domain used them to communicate with the capital. The Eyes were lost in The Madness; if any have been recovered, their owners say not. The name became corrupted over time and is now a humorous way of saying someone is watching carefully.
Bowgnoash—from the goblin-tongue. Its original meaning was “unfit to eat,” but was also used to describe one they wished to disown. Given what is known about dietary and social habits of goblins, anything or anyone considered bowgnoash would be extremely repulsive. Over time, it became a rude insult, with “rotten meat” the polite substitute.
Commander—an officer in command of a battalion, 800–1000 soldiers.
Folk—(Sorcerers) People not of a magical bent. (Folk) People seen and dealt with regularly.
The Godforsaken—a vast desert, taking up most of the eastern interior of the continent. It is ringed by mountains, and much of it is below sea level.
In the time of Camac that Was—the traditional beginning of a child’s story or tale.
Lucky man’s supper—fish, leeks, potatoes. May refer to a “lucky man” bringing home both fish and leeks from the river, thus saving money that would have been spent at the market for food.
Making the wind—idle chatter, equivalent to Earth’s “shooting the breeze.”
Peace and harmony—a formal greeting. Through the early Age of Heroes, rivals or enemies used this greeting to offer a temporary truce. Later, it took on more common usage. The expected response is, And all peace unto you.
Spread—the length between outstretched arms, typically 6 feet or 1.8 meters (or three to four cubits).
Striker—the leader of a “strike,” 10–15 soldiers. Not always a formal rank.
The tide comes in, the tide goes out—acknowledging that events are beyond one’s control. Similar to Earth’s “roll with the changes.”
Wine fortifies the spine—a humorous description of drunken bravery.
Wolds—a nomadic people, living on the plains east of the Gulf of Camac.
Excerpt: Accidental Sorcerers
Eight hundred years after the events depicted in The Crossover…
Invaders just across the river. A powerful spell hidden in a child’s rhyme. When an untrained boy awakens an ice dragon to protect his village, and lives to tell the tale, not even the Conclave of Sorcerers can predict what happens next.
Accidental Sorcerers brings to life an unforgettable tale of love and loyalty in the world of Termag. Feel the magic!
Read on for a brief excerpt…
• • •
The wind carried loose snow and the thud of cannon fire. Two ghost-like figures followed the creek bank, stopping, moving on, stopping again.
“Where’d it go?”
“It’s around here somewhere. I saw it yesterday. It couldn’t have thawed already.”
“Why are we doing this?” The first speaker pulled back a white sheet, revealing a girl’s face. She looked over her shoulder.
“Keep covered!” her companion rasped. “My uncle said the soldiers are close. Some of them might even be around here.”
“Stay cool, Mik. We’d see them first.”
“I’m more than cool enough.”
“So why are we out here?”
“Duh, Robi. The grownups won’t try this. You have to be pure to make an ice dragon and not have it turn on you. Why do you think they let us come out here, instead of making us help pack up to evacuate?”
A string of cannon fire rumbled across the distance, and Robi flipped the sheet back over her hood. “Pure is a pretty big word,” she said. “Is anyone pure? I bet the priest would say no.”
Mik stopped again, searching the bank. “I think it means virgin in this case. So we’re safe. At least I am.” He turned to Robi, grinning a question, then blushed and looked away. “Don’t answer that. I’m doing this anyway.”
“Mik, that’s…” Robi was both annoyed and relieved. She hadn’t done that, of course. But did Piet’s clumsy groping count? Just that once? It didn’t matter. She and Mik had been friends all of their thirteen years, and if he admitted to virginity, she believed him. He’d just started noticing girls anyway.
“There! I think.” Mik’s excited cry startled her out of her thoughts. She followed his finger to the stream’s edge and saw it etched in the ice: skull, part of a spine and tail, a leg, some of it covered by snow. More snow swirled around them, hiding the skeleton for a moment.
“Careful, Mik. Don’t step on it,” as Mik eased down the bank.
“Give me your hand in case I slip.” Hands in heavy gloves clasped, then Mik reached a flat spot and helped Robi down.
“You brought the spider, right?”
Mik gave her a horrified stare for a moment, then laughed. “Of course!” He took a stoppered bottle out of his coat pocket, the bottle he’d shown her yesterday. The frost spider webbed his window for a week of nights, until Mik managed to catch it in the first light of dawn—the only time it could be seen. A piece of paper blundered out at his feet, and Robi stooped to catch it before the wind did.
“Thanks. That’s the needle.” Mik hoped his mother wouldn’t miss it; she’d kill him ice dragon or no.
“We’re here. Now what?”
“What, you don’t remember the rhyme?” He recited:

When winter winds moan,
The ice dragon’s bones
Can be found alongside the river.

The blood of the pure
Shed without fear:
The ice dragon comes to deliver.

The frost spider spins
A white snowy skin
And blood brings the dragon awake.

But impure blood burns,
The dragon shall turn,
The bones of the wicked to break.

Robi joined him as he spoke. “Just from other kids. I guess my parents thought it was too scary.”
Mik nodded, then knelt next to the skeleton. He held his bottle over it, then opened the stopper and shook the bottle. They couldn’t see the spider, but it began to knit: slowly at first, then gaining speed.
“It’s not going to be a very big dragon,” said Robi. “It’s what, four feet nose to tail tip?”
“Better than nothing.” He slipped off his gloves and jabbed with the needle. “Missed.” He tried again, then again. “I keep missing!”
“You keep closing your eyes! Here, let me.” She rubbed a little snow on his fingertip and squeezed his finger, turning it red before poking it with the needle.
“Huh. I barely felt that.” He watched his blood drip onto the dragon. “Seven drops should be enough. It’s lucky, anyway.” He thrust his finger into the snow to make the bleeding stop, then donned his gloves. “Look!”
With a crackling noise, the ice dragon pulled itself free of the river ice and clambered onto the bank, facing the children. Its gaze fixed on Mik as he pushed Robi behind him.
Why have you awakened me? The ice dragon’s voice was chattering teeth, cutting wind, crunching of crusty snow. Robi thought it looked a lot bigger than it really was… or was it growing?
“An enemy has invaded our lands,” said Mik. “Will you make them leave?”
The dragon looked down at them now—it was growing, alright. Make them leave? Why not kill them all?
Mik thought a moment. “No. We just want to be left in peace. You don’t have to kill them if they go away.”
Yet some will die.
“Well…” Mik tried to find the right words. “Our own soldiers would have killed more of them. It’s not right to want them dead, but soldiers die in wars.”
The huge head cocked over. Its eye was a ball of ice, fixing them in its glare. I judge you pure of heart. It shall be as you desire. The dragon leaped over them, making them duck, then glided away, gathering more snow to itself. It seemed to grow as huge as winter itself as it departed, playing tricks with perspective.
“You did it,” Robi whispered. “You’re a hero.”
“I hope it’s enough. Huh. I guess pure didn’t mean virgin after all.”
She laughed and nudged him. “I bet you won’t be a virgin by spring, not if you don’t want to be. All the girls will want you.”
Mik stared into the flying snow. “I doubt it. No one will ever believe I summoned an ice dragon.”
But everyone did.
Excerpt: Heroes and Vallenez, by Angela Kulig
Coming February 2013, from Green Envy Press… a gritty urban fantasy for younger readers, by Angela Kulig, author of Skeleton Lake…
Victor Vallenez might not be a villain, but that doesn’t make him a saint. At age 16, Vic could be a career criminal, but instead he spends his time lurking in corners and telling other peoples' secrets—for a price. As a professional snitch, money is the only thing that talks more than he does. Still, as much as Vic hates to admit it, there are some things even blood money won’t buy—mainly Emily. So, when her chivalrous butthead of a boyfriend shows up and asks for his help, there is one very good reason he won’t turn him down—and that’s his angle.
Read on for an excerpt…
• • •
I always say, a punch to the face is a great way to end the day. Alright, I’ve never actually said it, but I think about it every time it happens, and for me that’s a lot. I chalk it up to the hazards of the lifestyle, and buy boxes and boxes of Band-Aids. I hate running out of them too, the guy at Quick Stop always looks at me weird when I have to buy cartoon adhesive bandages because that’s all they have left. He never asks questions, though—maybe he doesn’t speak English—anyway, I keep going back. 	
The guy that stood in front of me looked vaguely familiar, but I couldn’t decide if he was the one who paid to find out who his wife was seeing on the side, or the son of that mob boss I accidentally offended last year. How was I supposed to know that horse was his daughter? How was I supposed to know she was anyone’s daughter? Needless to say, he did not find my livestock jokes at all amusing. So I’ve been trying to sell him out ever since then, and I can’t be sure, but I think that only makes him angrier. 
It doesn’t really matter if this guy’s the scorned lover, or the horse girl’s brother, because he currently stood between me and my only escape route. Well, my only escape route, apart from the ten foot tall metal fence I was backed up against. It had metal barbed wire, and signs reading “Warning! Keep out!” in about a dozen languages. 
I eyed the rusted wire and wondered how much skin I’d lose if I had to depart that way. 
The man was even closer to me then, and he was wailing on about something or another. It’s always the same thing from these people. They pay for my good information. It’s not my fault that they don’t always like what they hear, and it’s not my fault that sometimes other people would also pay for the same thing. It’s just business, and I am good at my job. Anything you want to know, anything at all, I can find out for you. But don’t shoot the messenger, or in this case, beat him up in a dark alley. 
Some people just have a hard time letting go. Oh look at that, I thought. He’s making demands now. Unreasonable demands. Isn’t that cute?
It’s probably just a part of the grieving process, the mourning over a woman, possessions, their control over the situation, anything really. 
This is just your typical dark alley, off a typical dark street, and trust me I’ve seen a few in my life—but if I had listened to my mother I wouldn’t be here now. You know, I used to be a good kid. But things change.
The guy was right on top of me then. His blonde hair flattened with perpetration, his angry eyes were dull and unfocused. 
“You’re gonna pay, Vallenez.” he slurred.
And  if I had a dollar for every time I heard that, I’d still have made far less money than spilling all my dirty little secrets, or usually, other peoples secrets. 
I had already realized this man, in his present state, was capable of far less damage than the barbed wire. He had no knife, no gun, and no sword. He was just an angry mortal man, and bruises are always easier to hide than potential stitches. Just a little tip from me to you. 
It’s not like I don’t understand this guy’s anger, I get that. I’ve had all kinds of unpleasant things happen to me in life, though, and only the recent ones were brought on by myself. 
Most people in the world aren’t really good or evil. It’s not just me, no matter what you think. Not everyone is a hero or a villain. Some people are, and trust me I’ve met and pissed off a few of both kinds. But for the most part, the lines are blurred, and people on either side love me, and then hate my guts. Whatever. I don’t like them very much, either. It’s just a paycheck.
I looked away from the blonde and waited for a blow that never came. I hadn’t had my eyes closed but I have this habit of strategically mentally escaping unpleasant things. I’ve got this shirt right, that says I’m not here right now I’m in Tahiti. I’ve never been there, but I like to think I’d go one day. Or you know, maybe just clip out some nice pictures from a travel brochure. 
Right then I was blocking out the guy in front of me. I’m pretty sure he had been shouting that he was going to kill me, but they always say that. Tough guy talk involves saying a lot of stupid crap loudly, thinking that you mean it, but they never do. And I’m too smart to wander around the guys that do mean it. 
The blonde’s eyes suddenly looked semi-coherent, but his mouth puckered into a big stupid shocked expression. He was standing so close, I couldn’t see why. When people are about to pound you into the cement, you usually aren’t looking behind them, and I’m an expert at looking over peoples shoulders. 
Someone had pinned the blonde’s right arm against his sweaty back, and I recognized that face instantly. Short brown hair, dark eyes, and a dark complexion. The one hero in the world I want to see the absolute least. Not that I really want to see any of them at all, but Richard Roca and I have a history, and not for any of the usual reasons. 
Let’s just say girls always want the hero, and leave it at that. If you thought barbed wire and bruises hurt, it’s nothing compared to what this guy did to me, and he did it all without even raising a finger. And last time I checked, the feeling was mutual. So I had no idea why Richard was saving my hide in a dark alley in the middle of the night. Frankly, I was pretty sure that it was past the golden boy’s bedtime. 
Rich, and he hates it when I call him Rich, he belongs to an order of heroes, The Order of the Golden―something. Eggs? Was there a beanstalk involved? Or maybe it was shield? No, I think that’s an insurance company. Oh heck. it doesn’t matter. What does matter is, that even among the good guys, they are the good guys. So good, they should probably all be off being bishops somewhere, not saving a gray hat like me on the bad side of town.
Oh yeah, it was The Golden Cross. I remember now. 
As good and noble as they typically are, however, by the time Richard had found me in the alley, that good-natured spirit no longer applied to me. The heroes in his order treated murderers better than me, and I know why, but that wasn’t really my fault. 
I’ve done a lot of terrible things. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t, and I never lie. So believe me when I tell you: I go out of my way to avoid those particular heroes. Besides, of all the horrible things I have done, there are many things I have not done. I’ve never stolen from people who couldn’t afford it, and I’d never killed anyone. Not directly anyway.
I can’t be held responsible for what people do with my information once I deliver it to them. It’s like trying to nix the Internet because some idiot looked up how to make bombs online. Watch your kids people, seriously, and don’t blame me. 
Richard spun the blonde around, and deposited him lightly on the mucked up ground. It really stunk; I hadn’t really realized it until that moment. Richard patted the angry and shocked man on the back, and leaned down to whisper something in his ear. I couldn’t hear him over the sound of the street at three a.m., but that’s what it’s like here. It never stops. 
Richard wore an expression I couldn’t read, but he looked miserable. That made me feel a lot better about myself. He should be miserable. But he didn’t look particularly angry, so what gives?
About the Author


Larry Kollar lives in north Georgia, surrounded by kudzu, trees, and in-laws. His day job involves writing user manuals—some of which may have been fiction, but not by intent. He has had short fictional works published in the Hogglepot Journal, the Were-Traveler, and the anthology Best of Friday Flash, Vol. 2. Longer works include White Pickups, his first novel, and the Accidental Sorcerers series. For more of his strange fiction, and even stranger reality, visit his blog at http://farmanor.blogspot.com/
• • •
Copyright © 2013 Larry Kollar. All rights reserved. All wrongs avenged.
For republishing permission, please contact the author at lkollar@gmail.com.

