THE ALPHAS

THE RUNAWAY: NOVELLA COLLECTION

KIERAN GRAYSON


CONTENTS

1.LEON’S STORY – BLOOD AND SNOW
2.DELILAH’S STORY – KILLER INSTINCT
3.THOM’S STORY – AN ORDINARY HEART
4.AZUREL’S STORY – YEAR ZERO
5.XAVIER’S STORY – THE GREY ANGEL
6.FRASER’S STORY – PART ONE: BIRTH
7.FRASER’S STORY – PART TWO: LIFE
8.DEVON’S STORY – INTERVIEW WITH THE VAMPIRE
9.FRASER’S STORY – PART THREE: DEATH
LEON’S STORY - BLOOD AND SNOW – NEW YORK CITY, USA, 1927
I lowered my head as a portly gentleman and his flapper girl passed me, shadowing my forever youthful face from curious eyes. Their attention elsewhere as they exited the establishment, arm-in-arm, opening the door and letting in a gust of cold, New York air. I caught a glimpse of swirling, heavy snow and a bleak, dark night. Sighing softly, I went back to my beverage and waited.

And it wasn't long that I had to wait. Clicking heels approached and a tumbler glass with the remains of a sweet-smelling liquid in it was placed quietly upon the stained wood. I looked up and an exquisitely beautiful lady looked down at me.

Her slender legs made her appear to tower over everyone around us, accentuated by the glittering flapper dress she was wearing. Her little Cupid’s bow mouth was pulled into an all-knowing smirk and her hair was short, black and neatly cut into a fringed bob.

I stood and took her hand, bending to kiss it softly, “Delilah, always a pleasure.”

“Leon” she purred, “Much better greeting than the one I got from Thomas.”

“I’ve always told you never to expect much from me” replied Thomas, appearing beside her. He was a head taller than me, brown hair slicked back, a large Roman nose and a strong jaw that was peppered with stubble. He wore a brown suit and a neck scarf that was white and green checks. His high cheekbones accentuated the shadows on his face.

“I hadn’t realised you had arrived yet” I told him as he and Delilah sat at my table.

“I arrived two days ago” he said briskly. He gave a shiver, “Even I feel the chill in my old bones in New York.”

“Yes, well, hopefully, we shouldn’t be here too long” I told him and cradled my glass in my hands to give myself something to do with my hands.

Delilah removed a cigarette from her purse and lit it. She took a gentle drag and then blew out smoke, which danced in tendrils from her painted lips. “Speaking of why we’re all here…” she trailed off as Thomas looked around to make sure we weren’t going to be overheard. When he turned back to us with a nod, we all moved in closer to one another.

“Jesus, woman, put that out, will you?” hissed Thomas as the smoke from Delilah’s cigarette blew in his face.

She glared at him, “The last time we met, you were chewing tobacco.”

“I gave it up” he told her, pinching the end of her cigarette, making the fire in it die. He plucked it from her fingers as her eyes narrowed and he placed it in a glass cigarette tray on our table. “Continue” he told me.

“I only arrived in New York this evening” I told them, “I picked up the paper.” I pulled today’s paper from behind me and smoothed out the front page, “Another murder. This article notes the puncture marks in her neck” I said, running my finger across the appropriate lines in the article. “People are becoming suspicious.”

“I’m not quite sure what you want us to do about it?” said Thomas as Delilah nodded in agreement. “The work of a vampire that needs to be stopped. Isn’t that the responsibility of New York’s Master?”

“This is the work of New York’s Master” I told them.

“Philippe?” asked Delilah. I nodded and she brushed her elegant fingers across her hair, moving it behind her ear. “But you’re one of the First. What do you need us for?”

This was where I had hesitated. I had known Delilah was enjoying her life in New York, she was the first one to tell me in a letter what was happening. But I had located Thomas hiding in Greece and forced him to meet us in New York to help me out. But I had withheld what exactly it was I needed help with.

“Leon?” Thomas’s voice was low, “What have you dragged me to this concrete wasteland for?”

“I’ve been in contact with Philippe. All of us have. But he seems to think the time to reveal ourselves is now…” I trailed off, expecting them to ask questions but they both wore matching, growing looks of disdain. “I cannot take him down alone. You two are my oldest, dearest friends. I asked you here for your assistance.”

There was a hovering silence as Delilah’s face froze in disdain but Thomas’s grew angrier. He slowly leant forward, “The penalty for killing a Master is death. We may be old friends, but if you expect me to put my existence on the line to give you a hand, you’re barking up the wrong tree.”

His thick, Cockney accent seemed so out of place in a city like New York, but in the dark, smokey bar, it seemed to take me back to menacing times in London before I gave my executioner his freedom. “Thomas, I’m not asking you to put your existence at risk. I am one of the First. We all held council and agreed Philippe was a danger to our kind, and many others we’ve made pacts with to protect their secrecy.”

“Why you?” asked Delilah.
 
I sighed, “The Firsts choose to remain in hiding, making them weaker. I am the only one who enjoys the freedom of the outdoors. I refuse to hide away in a castle and wait for my prey like a spider. I’m the strongest. If he refuses to listen, I take his head.”

“Are we protected?” she asked me.

“Yes. You have my word. And pray tell me if there has ever been a time where I have gone against my word to you both?” They both exchanged a long look before turning back to me. Delilah nodded and Thomas muttered that he was in. I smiled softly, “Thank you.”

“What’s your plan then, Grand Maestro?” asked Thomas.

“We visit him at his residence and attempt to discuss why he needs to keep a lower profile. If he refuses…”

“We take his head. Got it.” finished Thomas.

“Shall we?” I asked, getting up from my seat.

They both followed me, Thom slipping off his jacket and placing it around Delilah’s shoulders. “You can be a gentleman, sometimes” she told him.

“I wouldn’t get used to it” he told her softly.

***

When we arrived at Philippe’s bar, the streets were dark, the wind howling down the streets and alleyways, snow swirling and lying thickly on the concrete. We forced breathing, should we pass humans in the streets and our breath was nowhere to be seen. Opaque clouds appeared and disappeared before our eyes as we watched the barman lock up and leave for the night.

I made the first steps towards the bar, Delilah hugging herself and Thomas looking around suspiciously behind me. I raised my fist, banged on the door three times. I heard scuffled movements and then silence. I tilted my head and Thomas took my place before the door, raised his foot and kicked the door from the hole.

He stepped in through the cloud of dust into the bar and I followed him, Delilah at my heels. “Philippe, there’s no use trying to hide” I told him, brushing the dust from my jacket. “You’ve broken rules and committed crimes. I’m only here to talk.”

“You promise?” asked a thick, French accent.

Thomas raised an eyebrow and Delilah smirked. “Yes, I promise,” I told the darkness. “Will you come out so we can talk?”

“If you’re just here to talk, why did you bring The Executioner with you?” asked the darkness.

“Bodyguards” answered Thomas, “In case you tried anything funny.”

There was shuffling and a vampire appeared out of the darkness. He was thin, wearing a loose white shirt and grey slacks. He had a thin, wiry mustache and dark, slicked hair. He was holding his hands up in surrender.

“Have you got anywhere warmer we can sit in?” I asked.

“Sorry about the door” said Thomas, “But if you’d answered, you’d still have a door.”

“Come with me” said Philippe, gesturing down the bottom of the dingy bar. We followed him and he took us into a tiny room with wooden tables and chairs and a burning fire. “Can I get any of you a drink?”

“No, thank you” I told him, holding up my hand to halt Delilah and Thomas’s requests. I didn’t trust Philippe and I’d be damned if I was going to let him poison or intoxicate my friends. I’d brought them here, the least I could do was protect them.

He gestured at us to sit and we did. He poured himself a tall glass of amber liquid and then joined us. I placed the newspaper on the table and smoothed it out, “The Firsts would like you to explain” I told him.

“Over the recent years, humans have become less afraid of us. They see us as entertainment fodder. We should be putting them in their place.”

“Should we?” I asked him. “Remember that we were all human once” I told him. “We’ve survived this long undetected. Safe. Putting us in the public eye puts us in immediate danger. Do you not remember what it was like when Vampire Hunters were around every corner? Or when werewolves were massacred by the hundreds, their bodies paraded in carts in every town? Or when witches were burnt at the stakes?”

His eyes flickered to Thomas, “I remember the werewolf massacres” he said softly. Thomas’s face was shadowed by the fire. Flames flickered, giving him an enviable face that would strike fear into the hearts of the toughest men. He turned back to me, “I remember it all.”

“Then why would you want to put us all through that again?” I asked, “If I recall, you lost your Family during those times.”

“I want revenge” he replied in a low tone.

“This isn’t the way to go about it” I told him. “All those Hunters who killed your Family are long-dead.”

“I miss being feared” he told me, “I miss being a legend, a nightmare whispered to children to keep them in line. I miss the days when we ruled. Now? I’m fodder for the masses. I’m a scary story for chills and to make men laugh and scare their women. Men were once afraid of me.”

“And you think murdering people in the streets in the cover of darkness, with no witnesses is the way to do that?” asked Thomas. “You are written as a psychopath, not a vampire. How’s that for the fruits of your labour?”

Philippe glared at him, “I’m beginning a legend, a trail of fear. Soon enough, when enough people are afraid, I’ll reveal my identity.”

There was a thick silence, broken only by the crackling of the fire. Delilah twitched beside me, her eyes found the door and she pursed her lips. I frowned as she turned to Philippe, “Do you have a restroom I could use to freshen up?”

He looked at her awkwardly and then looked at me. I nodded and he gave her directions to a bathroom down the hall. She got up and excused herself and I listened to her heels click down the hallway before I turned back to Philippe. “Unfortunately, I can’t let you reveal your identity.”

“Why not?” he asked, his stance tensed and his face and tone became angry. Thomas came from his slump and sat up straight. “I’m saving us!”

“You’re sending our species into an early grave” I told him. “There are many out there, Firsts included, that are calling for your execution” my voice began to rise and became forceful, “You are not scaring the humans, you are scaring your own kind!”

“They have no idea-“ he began but I cut him off.

“No, you have no idea!” I roared, banging my fists on the table and getting to my feet. I wasn’t very tall and my face was youthful. What I lacked in menacing appearance, I made up for in power, age and respect, “Times have changed! Humanity has changed! We ruled for so long because humanity had no idea how to deal with us. Once they managed it, there was bloodshed, we lost Family, wolves lost Pack, witches lost Covens. Today, they have Government forces, technology, they have evolved and will clear us out in no time.”

He stared up at me and I was almost convinced that I had changed his mind until he thrust a silver-plated stake into my shoulder. I fell back onto the hard floor as Thomas vaulted over the table and landed on an escaping Philippe. There was a lot of hissing and sounds of flesh hitting and ripping into flesh.

I pulled myself out and grabbed the stake. I pulled it from my shoulder and threw it across the room. There was a cool burning sensation as the wound began to close up and I got to my feet. Thomas had Philippe on his knees, his arms broken and behind his back. I took slow steps towards him and he began to quiver in Thomas’s grip.

I stroked a single finger down his face, “Trying to murder a First is a Class One offence” I told him softly, “Breaking our laws as heavily as you have is also Class One.” He whimpered as my hands cradled his face “You pay for it with your head.”

He began to scream, which I cut off quickly by pulling as hard as I could. There was a wet ripping sound as the flesh tore. I twisted the head, snapping the neck and gave one last tug, removing the head completely from the body. I held it up and stared into the blank eyes, a look of pain frozen on his face.

Thomas let the body go and it hit the hard floor with a sickening thump. I placed the head upon the table as both it and the body began to wither away into nothing.

“Where did Delilah go?” I asked.

She pushed the door open and entered with a girl. A young girl in a ragged dress, shivering, barefoot, her hair loose and in greasy strands, her neck smeared with dried blood.

“Is she a vampire?” I asked before Delilah could speak.

“Almost” she told me softly. “Leon…”

I took steps towards the girl who flinched as I approached. I cradled her head in my hands and she began to shake violently, “You poor girl” I whispered to her softly. “I’m so sorry.”

“No, Leon, you can’t!” Delilah screamed as Thomas pulled her away from myself and the girl.

I closed my eyes and tugged as hard as I could, ignoring the warm splatters of blood that hit my face.
DELILAH’S STORY - KILLER INSTINCT – TRANSYLVANIA, 1978

“Yeah, I’ll get right on that” I replied sarcastically and moved away from the author who swore he could make me a sensation. He latched onto another vampire and I rolled my eyes as I grabbed a champagne flute full of blood from a passing tray.

I looked around. I couldn’t believe I was here again. I hated vampire birthday parties. Nobody wanted to fuck anyone. Vampires don’t fuck vampires. But I hated Dracula’s parties the most. The old bastard was cheesy and still riding high on the success of his story written by his sleazy ghost writer, Bram Stoker.

I scanned the crowd, looking for a familiar but friendly face. I hadn’t seen my two best friends for almost fifty years. But I wasn’t sure if they’d be here. Thom was in the wind and Leon was one to send a gift with his apologies. He hated parties almost as much as I did. Giving up my search, I knocked back a full flute of blood and placed it on a glass table by me. I was just going to leave.

“Delilah, dear” someone whispered behind me.

That voice. It sent shivers down my spine, chills I rarely felt anymore. I froze, my hand still on the stem of the flute. I stared at the blood stains on it, the thickness of it sliding down the side of the glass. That’s when I felt his fingers on the back of my neck. Cold, almost damp as he stroked downwards to my back. I swallowed and turned around. And looked down.

Standing, he only came to my chest. He looked up at me and smiled. His skin was pale, paler than Thomas’s. His white-blond hair just made him appear paler. But his youthful face is what made him so sinister. It was what made me fear him more than anything. His eyes were gray and he wore grey. Grey shirt, grey trousers and black shoes.

“You haven’t checked in with me in a while” he said in a childish voice. He pouted, “I was beginning to think you had forgotten about me.”

“Hardly” I told him, my tone full of strength, my lips curled into distaste, but my insides were like jelly and I was using all my strength to stop my legs from buckling underneath me.

“You need to come and see me more. You can’t hide from your Maker forever” he told me, his creepy hands stroking my arms.

Silva was turned when he was a child and was one of the Firsts. He was my Maker, his bloodline were my Family. I had never stemmed the bloodline further and made anyone myself.  I refused to taint anyone with Silva’s bloodline and leave them under his command.

“Well, if you’ll excuse me” I said blankly and tried to pull away from him.
 Tried.

“Bella, where are you going?” he asked me, pouting like a child as he grabbed my arm and pulled me towards him, “We’ve got catching up to do.”

“Let me go” I told him, keeping my voice low, refusing to cause the scene he so badly wanted me to make.

“I like what you’re wearing” he told me and his fingers circled a button on my jewel-tone blue shirt.

“I’m not really into the seventies style” I told him, pulling away.

“Not enough flesh on show” he murmured, his eyes blank and cold as he stared at me.

I took a few steps backwards, away from him and promptly bumped into someone. I spun around to apologise and came face-to-face with a six-foot-nine demon.

“Azurel! What the hell are you doing here?” I asked in shock. I looked behind me and Silva was gone.

“I’m here to drop off Vlad’s gift from Leon, he couldn’t make it” Azurel told me, his deep Geordie accent sending a warm flush down my body. His dark blond hair was cut into a men’s swing style just past his ears. His blue eyes were oddly warm for a cold colour. His blue and white shirt was tucked into his blue jeans.

“Do you know if Thom’s here?” I asked curiously.

Azurel shook his head, “In the wind somewhere. Leon hasn’t heard from him in a while” he pulled a cigarette from his pocket and lit it touching the tip with his fingers.

Stinging from the absence of my best friends, I turned back to Azurel, “Are you staying for a drink at least?”

He eyed me curiously and shrugged, “May as well” he hesitated and then lowered his voice, “Are they serving more than blood?”

I giggled, “There’s human’s here and picky drinkers. You don’t have to have blood.”

He grinned and raised his eyebrows. He pulled another cigarette out of his pocket and offered it to me but I politely refused it, “I stopped smoking in New York in the twenties” I told him.

We made our way to the bar and he ordered a beer. While we waited for the bartender to get it, Azurel turned to me, “Silva’s your Maker?”

I swallowed the dry lump in my throat and nodded, “The one and only.”

“God, I’m sorry” he told me with sincerity in his voice. “Get a blood for the lady” he told the bartender as he appeared with his beer. “That has to be the shittiest deal ever.”

I shrugged, “What are you gonna do about it?” I took a small sip from the glass that was placed before me.

“Have you tried applying to have your loyalty transferred to Leon or Thom?” he asked.

I shook my head, “I didn’t know I could do that. What is it?”

“Pretty much what it says. Both your Maker and new Master agree that your loyalty and Blood Ties will be transferred to your new Master. Your Maker no longer has power over you.”

I thought the whole thing over. There was nothing I wanted more than to be out from under the thumb of Silva. The child-vampire creeped me out. But there was no way Silva would let me go.

“What happens if the Maker dies?” I asked, “What would happen to my ties then?”

Azurel eyed me suspiciously, “You’d be a free vampire. You either go it alone or you find a Family that will take you in. Why?”

“Silva has kept me in the dark about the whole vampire thing” I sighed softly, “Two centuries of being a vampire and I feel like I know nothing.”

Azurel patted me gently on the shoulder and finished his bottle. He set it down gently, “I have to get going, I have errands to run. Drop in on Leon sometime, he’d love to see you.”

“Where is he now?” I asked.

“A town in North East England called Riverbrook. He lives in the white mansion on the hill” he told me. “Take care of yourself.”

I looked behind me as he walked off and then he was gone. I no longer felt safe, not now he was gone. I had to get out of here. Maybe I could drop in on Leon and seek shelter for a bit?
I got up from my stool and pushed my way through a crowd of cold bodies and raucous laughter. I heard my name called out by different parties but ignored them all. Then my instincts began to burn. He was following me through the crowd.

Did I have time to get my coat? Screw the coat, I told myself, and made a beeline for the large double doors that led to the hallway. With any luck, I’d make it into there and be able to zip into the night and make my way to Riverbrook.

I pushed the doors open and slipped out, my hands beginning to shake. I slipped into the hallway, my heels clicking and echoing on the marble floors. I suddenly felt like I was back in my human life. I could feel a pain in my ankle, hot tears on my face, my heart racing in my chest.

I screamed and spun around, “Don’t do that to me!”

Silva stood behind me, angelic disguise slipping ever so slightly, the sick bastard enjoying my distress, “You’ll never get away from me, Delilah. We have a connection, one which I refuse to break. You are mine.”

“I belong to nobody” I hissed at him.

“You belonged to me the day I made you.”

“Against my will after slaughtering my family!”

“I do what I must to get what I want” he told me, stepping towards me, backing me into a corner of the hallway.

I looked around for an escape route and found only one. It was either jump or take my chances and push him out of my way. So I jumped. My hands just grasping the banister and I pulled myself up and began running down the hallway. Maybe I would get my coat, then.

My feet were muffled by the thick carpets but I could still him following me, which meant he could hear me running. I took my shoes off and carried them close to my chest. Weapons! I had weapons!

I ran through the winding corridors, him hot on my heels and chose a door at random and slipped inside and hid in the darkness.

I dared not move in case he heard me tiptoeing around in the room. I froze, standing stock-still in the darkness, clutching my heels to my chest and stared at the door, hoping to see his shadow pass the door.

But it stopped right outside the door. He called my name, almost childlike, and I tried to stop my knees from knocking together. Then I could feel hot tears, hot blood, a beating heart, a splitting headache, a piercing pain in my ankle and I began to shiver. I began to whimper and cry, and no matter how hard I tried to stop myself from acting human, I was human again. I squeezed my eyes shut and pressed my lips together tightly, but a sad keening noise escaped me and then it ceased as quickly as it came.

Afraid, I opened my eyes and he was standing there, starkly white in the darkness and my heart sank to my feet. “Stop doing that to me” my own voice surprised me. What was meant to be a strong demand escaped me as sad begging. “Please, don’t do that to me again.”

He hushed me gently and approached me. I flinched as his fingers brushed my lips and then his hand cradled my face. “I’m not trying to hurt you” he whispered, “I need you to remember that you’re mine.”

He took my arm gently and guided me to the bed and sat me down. He began to unbutton my shirt. For the first time since I was human, I felt the sting of tears. His mind tricks had opened up a human wound I wasn’t sure I could close again. As his cold, childlike hands brushed my skin, I snapped and plunged the heel of one of my shoes into his chest, directly where his heart was.

He made barely a sound as he backed away from me, clutching at the shoe sticking from his chest. He stared at me, a sad, pitiful look on his face, as if asking me why, and then he crumpled to the ground.

It took a moment for the situation to hit me. I had just killed a First. What had Leon said of the penalty? Oh, that’s right; my head.

But could he truly be dead? The First were the strongest of our race. Surely a stake to the heart wouldn’t kill him?

I got up from the end of the bed and made my way towards his body. He looked like he had met the True Death, his skin was dry and his eyes had a milky coat to them.

I was free.
 
***

I left Dracula’s house a short while later, my hair pulled up in a ponytail, both heels on, my jacket wrapped around my body. I placed dark shades on my face to hide my eyes and looked up at the house. Soon, they’d find Silva’s headless body in the room, his head placed carefully upon the vanity table. I’d be faraway by then. Word would get out that one of the Firsts was dead.

Azurel would know it was me, whether he told Leon was another story. Maybe I’d drop in on him anyway. I smiled a smile I hadn’t worn in ages. Silva had torn away my most precious things; my title, my family, my life and my innocence. Tonight, I was a fugitive on the run. But I was a free one. A scream erupted from the house and with a smile, I took off into the night.
THOM’S STORY - AN ORDINARY HEART – MIAMI, USA, 1987

I eyed the large man across the bar and smiled at him. Muscular, hairy, tattoos and I could smell his scent a mile off. Werewolf. He grinned back at me and I shyly played with my lips as I looked away.

He approached me and I almost passed out when the full force of his scent hit me, “Can I buy you a drink?” he asked in a gruff, American accent. I didn’t know enough about them to place him from a particular area but I was in Miami, so I went with that.

I made sure I gave him a hooded, seductive look and bit my lip in an almost bashful manner, “I was hoping we could skip drinks.”

He raised an eyebrow and then threw back his drink and slammed the glass on the bar beside me, “If you’re sure?”

“I’m sorry, am I too forward?” I asked, “I don’t normally do this.”

“Neither do I” he replied and looked around. I followed his gaze and then he gestured to the door, “I have a place on the beachfront…”

“Sounds wonderful” I said and slid from my stool.

I followed him from the bar, hoping I’d be just another in the busy sea of faces here and slipped onto the sun-soaked beachfront.

“So, you’re British?” he asked me as we made our way to his place.

“I am, how could you tell?” I tried my luck at a flirty joke.

“That sexy accent of yours” he said with a grin and I giggled back.

We ended up at a block of flats and he took me to the upstairs one on the left. Inside, his flat was tidy but there was so much fitness paraphernalia around that I could see why he was so pumped. The smell of werewolf was so heavy I could barely smell the cologne I’d used to mask my own scent from him. He turned to me and lunged at me, his lips on mine. The smell of him was so intoxicating that I could no longer contain myself. I yanked his head back and he yelled out in pain. I pushed him to the ground and he looked up at me, “Dude?!”

I grinned at him, flashing my fangs and the confused look on his face dropped. “How the hell…?”

“Not hard to mask my scent” I told him matter-of-factly, “Bad news for you, though.”

“What the hell are you doing? I’m not fucking no vamp” he told me, attempting to get back to his feet.

I laughed and stood on his chest, pinning him to the floor with my foot. Hands on my hips, I leant forward, “We’re not fucking, I’m here for your blood.”

His face was once again confused and I was beginning to think America was a bad place to hold a straight conversation, “What the hell kinda freak vampire are you?”

“They call me The Werewolf Slayer or The Mad Vampire” I told him and he suddenly looked panicked, “There we go” I told myself and smiled, “The less you struggle, the less it’ll hurt.”

He began to struggle and I straddled him, sitting on his chest. He thrust his fist up to me and I grabbed it and squeezed, breaking every bone in his hand. He screamed in pain so I snapped his neck cleanly to prevent anyone becoming curious.

He flopped to the ground and I twisted my face in disgust, I didn’t usually like drinking from them when they were dead, but I’ll take it where I can.

***

I arrived back at the seaside hotel I was staying at around an hour later. I smiled at the lady behind the check-in desk and slunk into my room on the third floor.

They had left a newspaper for me, as requested and I unfolded it and placed it on the bed. Leaning over it, I smoothed the front page out, reading about the recent spate of murders by a supposed mad-man on the loose.

Victims were all men, all connected, had all been seen at local gay bars and hangouts and were all found in their homes, dead and drained of blood from two puncture wounds in their necks. Police were calling it the murders of a vampire wannabe. Possible homophobic attacks. No evidence that these men had HIV but it was suspected.

I chuckled to myself and folded the paper and dumped it in the waste paper basket. I enjoyed the secrecy of my world. I wasn’t really a mad-man or a vampire wannabe. I was a vampire. And all the men were connected, but only because they were all werewolves.

I hung the Do Not Disturb sign on the door handle, closed the door and locked it behind me. I slid onto the bed and snuggled into the covers. My thirst was sated and I hadn’t Rested for over a week, prowling establishments and hangouts for my victims.  Smiling to myself, I sank down into the thick, white covers and allowed myself to Rest.

***

When I opened my eyes, I was no longer in the bed at the hotel, but in a large four-poster with blood red sheets. And  I wasn’t alone. Or dressed.

I pulled myself up with a jolt and found the most beautiful man in existence sitting up beside me in bed. He had dark hair that was swept over his face, thick, dark stubble, black-rimmed glasses perched on his nose. His naked body was olive-toned and covered in dark, wiry hair and tattoos. He typed avidly on some kind of computer resting on his lap, but it was smaller and more compact than the one I had myself.

He slowly turned to face me and I got the full impact of his features which left my heart in my mouth. He smiled at me through his hazel-green eyes, a row of white teeth showed through perfect pink lips, “Sleeping Beauty arises then?”

His voice was deep, thick, like dark chocolate and velvet. His accent was Newcastle, similar to the one that demon pet Leon liked to keep by his side. I became enamored instantly. He lowered the lid of his small computer and set it on the side table before twisting to lie on his side and face me. My face must have been completely gormless because he frowned before asking me, “Thom, are you okay?”

Thom. He called me Thom.

“Yeah, yeah” I stammered, nodding my head and he looked at me amusedly.

“If you’re sure?” I nodded in reply and he leant forward and kissed me. His lips were warm, I could feel blood pulsing through his entire body, his heartbeat was like a steady drumbeat, but I couldn’t smell his blood.

He pulled away and stroked my face with his fingers before throwing the covers back and getting out of bed. He was completely naked. I allowed myself to stare before giving my head a small shake. He pulled a terrycloth bathrobe over him and tied it loosely at the front, “Tea?”

“I’m sorry?” I asked.

“Would you like a cup of tea?” he stared at me for a while, looking slightly worried, “I was going to make breakfast.”

I nodded and he ruffled my hair before leaving. Wait, what? Why…? I flung myself out of bed once he’d closed the door behind him and headed for the mirror opposite the bed. Oh my… The sides of my head were shaved but the rest of my hair was still there. I ran my fingers through it. Where the hell was I?

 Throwing on a bathrobe I found on the floor, I decided to have a look around the bedroom, see if I could find clues. Rifling through the armoire and dressers, I found plenty of clothes. He mostly wore t-shirts that looked like they clung to his delicious form, dark jeans, his underwear was… small. Miniature boxer shorts. I smirked as I put them away and found my own clothes. Okay, maybe my style hadn’t changed much, I thought as I pulled out a silver, sequined jacket.

Closing the armoire, I checked out the bookshelf. A few novels, textbooks on Supernatural Law and Rights, a string with a wolf fang on it, a photo of me and Gorgeous on a sunny beach and a couple of thick, leather photo albums. I pulled one down and flipped it open.

Photos of us. Leon, Delilah, Azurel and that miserable angel that followed him around everywhere. Some young, dark haired boy I didn’t recognise grinned at me from a photograph of him and Leon. I shut it and nibbled on my bottom lip, and that’s when a heavy breeze drifted through the blinds and allowed sunlight to slip in and glint from the silver band on my finger.

I put the photo album back and sat on the end of the bed. Hesitantly, I slipped the band from my wedding finger and tilted it to read the inside. Small grooves ran their course inside the band, reading Thomas and Fraser – April 9 2011.

Mr. Tall, Dark and Delicious must be Fraser. I slipped the ring back on and fell back onto the bed. I was married. I was in the year 2011 when I should have been alone in the year 1984. Was I human? Was my whole existence a lie? A dream?  I sat up and stared into the mirror, I bared my top teeth and let my fangs slide down past my lip. Not human. I closed my eyes and drew in a deep breath through my nose and I could smell… Nothing. Was he a vampire too, then?

“Thomas?”

I needn’t have spun around, because I saw her in the mirror. Beautiful, her chocolate hair cascaded over her shoulders in waves, contrasting with her creamy skin. A black dress with gold netting design clung to her curvaceous figure.

“My name is Liana, I’m one of the Four Angels of Fate” she told me. “I put you here.”

That was a lot of information to take in just there. I breathed out slowly and allowed myself time before asking, “Where is here?” An Angel of Fate appearing was just the icing on this weird cake.

“You’re in the year 2014, a town called Riverbrook, in a house you share with your husband, Werewolf Alpha, Fraser Cole.”

So much of that statement rang with familiarity. Riverbrook and Cole. Why was that so familiar? 2014?! I’d been married for three years. Wow. Someone had put up with me for that long. Keeper. “He doesn’t smell like a werewolf” I told her simply, speaking more to myself than to her. “Why did you bring me here?”

She smiled gently at me and I turned around to face her. “I removed certain things from the scenario, including your sense of smell, to make this exercise easier. Shall we take a seat?”

I looked around hesitantly at the messy bed, “If you don’t mind resting your angelic derriere here” I told her.

She perched on the edge, “We’ve seen what you are doing to the wolves in Miami.”

I glared at her, “And?”

“You are part of a greater plan. Your existence has a meaning. We felt it was right to intervene by showing you what your future holds. If you are captured or killed, the course of the future will completely change.”

I raised an eyebrow as she spoke. Then I raised my other one. If I hadn’t have shaved off half my hair and brushed the rest to stick up, my eyes would have disappeared under the fringe I’d been sporting since 1917. Then I broke out into hysterical laughter, something I hadn’t done since 1902, when I won one million pounds at a Poker Game with Leon in London. She looked at me as if I’d spat in her face and I cleared my throat and swallowed the bubble of laughter bobbing in my throat. Fucking angels. They had no sense of humour. “So, you’re telling me I have a… Destiny?”

“Well, I wouldn’t put it in such twee words” she sniffed, “You have a Fate.”

“Just as twee” I told her and her eyes narrowed. “I still don’t understand what you want me to do?”

“Stop the massacres and find somewhere to call home” she told me softly. I began to shake my head and she laid a cool hand on my arm. “We need you, Thomas. And so does Fraser. One day, he is going to come to you for help and you’re the only one who can help him.”

“Why me?” I asked, beginning to sound desperate.

She shook her head, the sunlight danced off her hair, “Trust us.”

She disappeared before my eyes in a flash of light, just as all the smells around me came charging into my senses. My heart beat raced as the need to hunt became overwhelming. Fraser came through the door and I lunged at him, knocking him back onto the hallway floor.

And then I woke up.

I stared around the bedroom, Miami sunlight pouring through the bay windows and I pulled myself up, only to see gold, angelic handwriting on the phone pad beside the bed. I reached for it and tilted it in the light to read it; Fraser Cole. Riverbrook. March 24 1984.

What was the date? I threw myself across the bed and grabbed the newspaper I’d discarded earlier. Finding the date on the front page read February 14 1984. “Happy Saint Valentine’s Day, Thom” I murmured to myself. I set the paper down. He was going to be born in just over a month.

It soon clicked that I had heard Leon was living in a town called Riverbrook. Could it be the same one? Didn’t matter, I’d find out on the way. I needed to get to Riverbrook.

***

I arrived in Riverbrook to heavy rainfall. Droplets ran down my face as I stared up at the gleaming white manor. Lightning flashed, turning the manor black for a few seconds. Thunder rolled in the heavens. I felt myself lucky that I was more of a rationalist to believe that the weather is an omen of things to come.

Lightning flashed again and someone appeared across the road before me. Standing in a hazy halo of mist, he approached me and I raised my eyebrow as I smirked. If I didn’t hate him, I’d be in complete awe of him. Slightly softer features than Leon’s demon pet, the angelic half of the duo approached me, “Why are you here?” he asked softly.

“To see Leon” I responded. “We’re friends, I’m dropping by.”

“Leon is wrapped up in important engagements.”

His monotone voice and the way he stared at me made me feel uneasy, and rarely did I feel uneasy, “Such as?” I asked. I needed to know. For sure.

“The birth of another Cole Wolf.”

The way he stared at me made me think he knew exactly why I was here. He was an angel, after all. “Oh,” I said, “Well, pass my number along to Leon, I live in Chelsea now” I told him, handing him a card with my name and address on. “Do send my regards on the birth of baby…?”

He tilted his head slightly as he eyed me up, “Fraser” he told me.

I bowed my head and turned away from him, making my way back to the car I had hired. I smiled to myself and then turned around. He was still watching me. “Tell Leon if he ever needs a favour, call me. I owe him one.” And then I left, smiling to myself. Maybe, just maybe, this sobriety was going to be worth it.
AZUREL’S STORY - YEAR ZERO – RIVERBROOK, UK, 1999

It started on December 31st 1999. The night was dark and cold, my breath rising before my face. Despite the fact Fire was my Element, I still felt chilled in the night. Raucous cheers erupted from the bars and houses around me, tinkling sounds of glass smashing rang out from a garden party that I passed. Fireworks popped, lighting up the inky black sky into a rainbow of flashing colours.

I stepped out onto the empty road and shrugged my coat collar higher, keeping my head down. The streets were getting quieter as I headed into a residential estate and was met with a single orange streetlamp and houses washed in darkness.

The millennium was almost upon the humans. The year 2000. And as expected, they were out in force, partying, enjoying the cool but dry air after the rainfall earlier today. I passed a particularly noisy house that was having a party in their back garden.

I was almost to the corner when I heard a small cry in protest and turned round. Someone was coming out of the noisy house I’d passed, leading a little girl away from the house. She was in pajamas and barefoot and she was rubbing her eyes and complaining, trying to pull herself from the man’s grasp.

“Hey!” I shouted and the man spun to face me. He looked like any regular Joe I passed on the street every day, but he wiped the shock from his face, “She yours?” I asked.

He feigned laughter, “Yeah, she’s just tired and fussy. Kids” he told me, brushing it off.

“Why is she in her pajamas if you’re bringing her from someone else’s party?” I asked, taking a few steps closer to them. The little girl looked up at me and I saw tears shimmering on her little face. I smiled at her, “Hi there,” I approached her, “My name is Az. What’s yours?”

“Chloe” she told me, “Chloe-Marie Simmons of 24 Gardendale Avenue, Riverbrook.”

I chanced a look at the door which showed the number 24 in gold. I looked back at her, “Do you know this man?”

She nodded, “He’s Daddy’s friend.”

He suddenly snatched her up in his arms and ran. I barely had time to react and she slipped from my loose grasp. I’d reached for her too late. Swearing under my breath, I ran after him, my feet pounding the ground so hard, I feared I’d crack the pavement.

He didn’t get far, up the street, to be precise, before I caught up with him. I grabbed him by the coat collar and pulled him towards me, spinning him round before headbutting him in the face. He staggered backwards, dropping the girl to the ground. She hit the ground with the most stomach-churning thud and I was torn between snapping this guy’s neck and checking to make sure she was okay. I opted instead to punch him in the face so hard he also hit the floor with a heavy thud.

I knelt down and helped Chloe up. She was crying and there was a cut on her head, a small trickle of blood leaked down her face and I rifled through my pockets to see if I was carrying a handkerchief. I wasn’t so I licked my thumb and carefully wiped away the blood until I found the cut, “Are you okay?” I asked her.

“I want to go home” she told me softly.

“Let’s get you home then, sweetheart,” I told her. I opened my arms and she slipped into them. Picking her up was like picking up a pillow filled with feathers. She was so light and her tiny hands clutched my coat collar. As I approached her door, I pondered just leaving her to go in alone without alerting anyone to what had happened but I couldn’t bring myself to do it, so I ventured inside the unlocked door and headed to the kitchen.

The party was in full swing outside in the back garden, sparklers danced before my eyes, there was a barbecue going, loud music, laughter and conversation echoed around us. Not a single person was aware that this little girl had been in danger. I stepped into the back garden and approached a group of girls.

“Can you tell me who Chloe’s parents are?” I asked the brunette one, sticking out among the gaggle of her blonde friends. A spark of lust glinted in her eyes as she checked me out then pointed at a man and a woman standing at the barbecue, talking to another couple. I thanked her and went over to them.

“Excuse me?” I said, interrupting their conversation. They all turned to look at me and the shock on their faces, seeing a complete stranger holding their little daughter, made me angry. “I believe this little girl belongs to you?”

“Why do you have my daughter?” asked the woman as she tugged her from my arms.

“I was passing your house when I caught someone leading her up the street despite her protests. She told me she lived here, so I brought her back” I told them. “Oh, and your paedo mate is lying sparked out on the street, so you might want to call the police.”

The father pushed his way past me to check the street and I looked at Chloe, “You going to be okay, princess?”

She smiled at me and nodded, “Thank you.”

I began to smile back at her, maybe give her a high-five but the tug in my gut as I looked into her eyes made my head swim. All of a sudden, images flashed before me. A girl with blonde hair and blue eyes smiled up at me playfully, I was suddenly tugging on her hair again but it was brown this time, I was walking out on her as she called my name, I was watching her flirt with another man across the room from me, I was in bed with her, I was kissing her, I was down on one knee, proposing to her, I was bleeding from the mouth, an Angel Blade in my stomach.

When I came to, I was still standing, not a second had passed but my breathing was picking up and my brow was beginning to sweat. I needed to get out of here. I sniffed as sweat began forming on my top lip and I turned and pushed through the crowd which was slowly becoming quiet as news of the kidnap and the stranger spread from their lips to another’s ear.

“You need to stay! The police…” yelled the mother.

“Keep an eye on your daughter!” I yelled back at her and stumbled onto the street. Once I was sure I was out of eyesight, in the alleyway between the garden and the street, I closed my eyes shut to stop the ringing forming in my ears and thought about the park fountain.

The gentle sound of running water replaced the sound of chaos and interrupted celebrations. I opened my eyes. The park was empty and the blue-white lights that lit up the fountain made it seem almost ethereal. A place of peace and tranquility. I sat on the edge of the fountain and sent a Whisper to the Heavens for Liana.

No sooner had her name left my lips she was standing in the water. Her hair flowed down her front and back in what could only be described as poker straight ending in sausagey curls. She wore a white dress which was in a fancy Grecian style with gold decoration to it.

“I need you to erase a mistake I made” I told her, before she could speak.

“Was saving her a mistake?” she asked me, her voice soft but without tone or character to it. She took a few steps towards me, the water rippling in her wake. “Was rescuing her from rape, torture and premature death a mistake?”

I bit my bottom lip, “No,” I replied, “But I saw my future in her eyes.”

“Eyes are-“

“The window to the soul” I said hastily, cutting her off. She frowned at me, and I waved my hands at her. Way to piss off someone you’re trying to get a favour from. “I need you to undo my good deed.”

“Why?”

“I don’t like what I saw” I told her simply. “I’ll owe you a return.”

She considered this for a moment and then nodded. There was a flash of white light and when I opened my eyes, I was lying in bed.

I was naked, in bed with a strange girl. I checked the clock on the bedside table and it told me it was 13:22pm. Groaning, I rolled onto my back and ran my hands down my face. Had I really just been that dick? Changed the course of the future to save my own bacon?

I decided to get out of bed and make coffee. I wasn’t usually a coffee drinker but ever since living on earth, I developed the aches and pains that came with living among humanity. You picked up on it when you were here for a while. Sort of like an accent. And coffee was usually a good remedy for a headache.

I slumped in front of the TV in the living room, breathing in the scent of my black coffee, no sugar, and turned the screen on. I flicked through some old films and found the news. And then I watched the most horrific deed I’d ever committed unfold on the screen before me.

Four year old Chloe-Marie Simmons was found dead in bushes by the roadside near her home. She was found naked, beaten and raped by a dog walker in the early hours of this morning. Her disappearance had been called in little after 3am by her parents. Her murderer’s face flashed up on the screen and it was said that police were looking for Mark Adams in connection with the crime.

Living among humans had more pitfalls as I felt the burn of tears in the corner of my eyes. I had let this happen. I had let this happen because I was scared of what I saw, unable to take in the fact that there was someone out there that would bring out my humanity. I wiped away the tears with the back of my hand as her parents popped up onscreen, crying hysterically to the cameras about their little girl.

I was shaking. I had to do something about this. I had ended this little girl’s life because I was scared of my own humanity. What the fuck did I think was going to happen to her if I never passed her? That her parents would realise she was gone or go and check on her in time? That the pervert would have had a change of heart? That some other miserable stranger moping about his life on New Year’s Eve would come across her and save her?

I put the coffee mug down on the table and switched the TV off. I gave my body a little shiver, dressing myself in a black suit and tie for the occasion. I needed to see Liana.

***

When I arrived at the park, it was silent. Not a single bird twittered or car passed on the hidden road. I watched a fox plod gracefully through the thick snow, nosing its way through the park bins. It largely ignored me, going about its business. I turned my back on the fountain and whispered Liana’s name, my breath rising before my eyes.

“Azurel, another favour?”

I turned around and she stood, like a Goddess, on the edge of the fountain. Her dress was black, ruffled at the hips and cutting off above her knees, showing off her long, slender legs. The only jewellery she wore was a single teardrop necklace.

“Dressed for the occasion?” I remarked.

“As are you, I see” she replied, a small smirk on her peach lips.

“I need you to turn back the events last night” I said.

“I already did that at your request.”

“Liana” I swallowed the lump in my throat, “She’s dead. That little girl is dead because of me fiddling with time. I need you to turn it back so that I never came to you.”

“And if I can’t do that?” she asked, tilting her head ever so slightly.

“Why wouldn’t you be able to do that?” I yelled, losing my temper with desperation. “You’re the fucking Angel of Fate!”

“There’s only so many times we can rearrange events in time before things get messy” she told me softly.

“Yeah, I realise that. Fuck with time once and shit like this happens” I said, throwing my arms in the air. I grasped handfuls of my hair and blinked back tears. “Please, Liana, I’m begging you.”

She looked at me sympathetically. “What did you see that scared you so badly?”

I stared at her for a while. As snow began to fall, tiny, unique flakes fluttering around us, I let out a breath that shook as it left me. “My future. The girl who turns me human.”

“You’re an angel, Azurel” she told me, “You can’t become human.”

“I was dying” I said, shaking my head. “The only thing that can kill me is an Angel Blade and only Angels carry those.”

Her eyes shone with knowledge, secrets and sympathy. “You’re destined to love this girl. And no matter how hard you try and prevent it, she will always find a way to be a part of your life.”

“I don’t care” I told her. “I can’t live with myself knowing I let her die.”

“Be safe, Azurel.”

Fireworks popped and the light faded around me. I was standing in Chloe’s garden with her parents. Her father was shaking my hand and thanking me. I nodded and smiled, all the niceties that came along with accepting your temporary hero title.

Then I glanced at Chloe. She was smiling shyly at me. I smiled weakly back at her and while everyone was distracted with the arrival of the police, I slipped from the garden and out onto the street. Snow had begun falling and the stars were out in the sky, joined by glittering fireworks.
XAVIER’S STORY - THE GREY ANGEL – RIVERBROOK, UK, 2000

I listened to Azurel’s manic story about a young girl named Chloe and Liana changing time for him. Spending enough time on earth affected you if you allowed it to and he was acting manic.

I licked my lips. “Someone kills you?”

“That’s the part you’re focusing on?” he asked me hysterically.

“Was that not the part that frightened you, brother?”

His eyes were wide, “No. It was the part about how this unbreakable fortress” he gestured to his chest where his heart would be, “Is going to be broken in about twenty years.”

I nodded, “But we were always aware this may happen.”

He leaned his head right back and stared at the ceiling fan, “I was kind of trying to make sure it never happened though. Love ruins the strongest of men.”

“Having your Grace torn from you leaves you susceptible to human emotions” I told him, picking up a bruised apple from the fruit bowl and making it fresh again.

“But I’m also an immortal. I shouldn’t have a Fate.”

“Stranger things have happened” I told him.

“Whoever stabbed me, did so with an Angel Blade” he blurted out.

“And you didn’t see who stabbed you?” I asked curiously, removing the bruising and rotting from the fruit one-by-one.

“No, because if I did, I’d be hunting him down right now to put an end to him before he got to me.”

I nodded along as he ranted. The events of Azurel’s evening were certainly curious, but my mind was elsewhere. I had errands to run, but the reason I was on this godforsaken wasteland was because my superiors had assigned me to caring for my Brother down on earth.

“I’m sorry, am I boring you?”

I shook my head, “I apologise, I’ve been busy lately and I’ve been weary.”

He studied me, “You feeling okay?”

I nodded and smiled at him, “Of course, my errands have been endless and I’m enjoying my few hours of freedom.”

He appeared to be unsure of my response but nodded anyway, “I’ll head off then, let you get rest. Do you not sleep?”

I shook my head, “No, my Grace is still intact, I am not a victim to human traits such as sleep or emotions, unlike you.”

I had struck a nerve. His eyes narrowed and he slowly licked his lips while nodding his head, “Well, on that note, I’m going to head off.”

“Take care of yourself” I told him as he left. He gave me an obligatory wave and then disappeared. I stood in silence for a few moments, just to be sure he was gone before I headed upstairs to the attic of my house.

It was dark but not dusty. The attic was well-used and well protected. The mat behind the door of the attic covered a demon trap, the walls were painted with symbols used to hide this place from demons so they couldn’t manifest themselves in here. I had made sure Azurel would never find this place.

The only light in the room was coming from a small window that looked out onto the fields and far-off woodland. The light streaming through the glass was orange, a sunset throwing shadows on the walls. I glanced at my shadow, seeing the invisible wings and a sense of glowing pride filled me.

I rifled through the old chests, searching for a particular tome. The red leather book was old but contained all the births from January 1st 1990 to December 31st 1999. Once located, I nestled into an old leather armchair and opened it.

Azurel had calculated Miss Simmons to be around four years old and had sworn he had seen his Fate in her eyes. He also claimed the Angel of Fate had told him herself, though I highly doubted this. I laughed softly to myself as I scoured the names. The Angel of Fate herself, appearing before a Fallen One.

I found her name. Chloe-Marie Simmons, June 4th 1994. So he was slightly off the mark. She was five, her details written before me in golden script in Latin. I followed the line to find her Fate and my finger was left hovering over the caption.

Human to fall in love with Fallen One. Will be a victim in the Veil War. To birth two sons, none of which will carry Ethereal DNA.

I sectioned the page with the red silk bookmark and closed it softly. I rested it on my knee and massaged my chin as I bit my bottom lip. Azurel was telling the truth. What was the Veil War?

Three hours and many candles later, I had not found a single reference to explain the Veil War in any of my tomes. Now and again, it cropped up on names in the birth tomes but other than that, I had drawn a blank. It was only when I had come across Fraser Cole’s name, did I receive any inkling to what it may be.

Visionary Werewolf. Second born son that will become Alpha. Thomas Bellerose (VS) will be his Fated. Will lead the army in the Veil War. One of the Seven Alphas.

So that was why Bellerose had been sniffing around here a while back. Had he known? I couldn’t see a reason why. An Angel of Fate making appearances to some lowly, bloodthirsty vampire and my Demonised brother?

I slammed the tome shut and threw it back in the trunk. I paced the room, agitated. After praying for centuries to return home, praying for some kind of sign or word from anyone that my work was almost done, and these mere bottom feeders were being told their Fates?

I spun around hard and a feather was thrust into my face. One of my own, greyed with the years of being stuck down here in this godforsaken pit where humans took my Father’s name in vain, committed acts of deviousness and evil in His name and where many of them no longer believed in His power.

The Veil War. I suspected it must have something to do with supernatural elements down on earth. Azurel seemed to be involved, as did the Cole boy and Bellerose. The Veil. The Veil must refer to the magic that allowed us supernatural beings to hide in plain sight. Myself and Azurel possessed wings which could not be seen on earth unless unveiled, and even though we’d spent centuries down here, we still hadn’t figured out how to do it.

If there was no leader for the Veil War, if there was no Azurel, no Fraser, no Bellerose, no Chloe-Marie, there would be no Veil War. If there was no Azurel, I could go home.

I glanced at an ornate trunk in the corner, partially hidden by an old brown blanket. It was white with silver lines and swirls on it. I pulled back the blanket back and knelt before it, brushing my thumb across the lock and then lifted the lid.

Inside lay a large blade. It was nestled on purple velvet, the pure silver of it glinted up in the low candlelight of the attic room. The handle was made of cream marble, veined in silver. The blade itself was made of the purest of silver, made stronger by absorbing the blood of its victims. I caressed it gently.

If I were to kill Azurel, I’d have to prove it was for the good of mankind. I’d change the course of Fate and Chloe-Marie’s existence would no longer play out as it was written. She would live an unremarkable life having never to meet Azurel.

I licked my lips. Was I willing to sacrifice the Fate of an innocent human for the sake of going home? I removed the blade from the chest and swung it around. It felt good to be back in my hands. I’d do anything to go home.

***

I stood outside Chloe-Marie’s house. The humans must have enjoyed the arrival of the Millenium, the world was a sleepy place. Frost lay untouched on the grass and the ground, twinkling up at me by the glow of the winter moon. There was a low howl in the distance. The wolves were out, probably reveling in the empty streets and the crisp night. 

I stared up at the house. It would be more difficult for me to kill Azurel. Should I manifest within Chloe-Marie’s room, I could take her and kill her elsewhere, making sure she’d never be found. Fraser would be harder to kill, protected by so many wolves, but Bellerose, despite being strong, would be easier to take down. He lived and travelled alone. Take off his head and there would be another thread in the web of Fate cut.

When I blinked, I had manifested inside the little girl’s room. It was a typically feminine room. A pale shade of pink adorned the walls, a small white desk sat in the corner, scattered crayons and drawings lay upon it. I took a step towards it and tilted a drawing towards me. Such a childlike drawing but it was unmistakeable. Azurel.

I turned and watched her sleep. She was snuggled so low into her covers, only her head was visible, beside that of a bear. Her blonde hair glowed in the moonlight coming from her window. Her nose twitched and she sighed gently in her sleep.

I took a few steps towards her and brushed her hair from her face and gently touched her temple. Closing my eyes, I allowed myself to view her dreams. My mind was awash with images of playing in snow with her parents, cuddling the family dog, eating cookies and a breakfast with tiny marshmallows in it.

When I opened my eyes and stepped away from her, I felt my stomach sink. What was I doing? I couldn’t kill a little girl. One made through God’s Will. She had a purpose, even if it was one that scared me. If I killed her, Heaven would never let me back in. I’d be Demonised, my wings torn from me and the painful century of growing them back, only for them to grow back inky black.

I stepped away from her and spun around, manifesting myself back into my attic room and putting the blade away. I rubbed my eyes, I felt oddly exhausted, such a human trait. I yawned and looked down at my feet at the feathers scattered on the ground. I picked one up and studied it, a small light materialising at the tip of my fingertips. It was one of my own, yet it had gone greyer, more silver. I was unsure as to why this was happening but I suspected humanity was creeping up on me, I had spent way too much time on earth.

I wanted to go home.

***

I awoke on the floor of my attic, winter sunlight streaming through the small window. Why had I fallen asleep? I didn’t sleep. I had never needed to sleep. I did not conform to such human traits as sleep.

I stormed from the attic, my clothes from yesterday disappearing, and a white t-shirt and stone-grey jeans replaced yesterday’s white shirt and grey trousers. My blonde hair became a neatened side-fringe, a pair of silver-framed glasses perched themselves upon my nose and I completed my outfit with that of white and silver trainers.

Azurel was standing in my kitchen, sipping from a coffee mug. He was staring out the window but upon my arrival, turned to face me. “Where have you been?”

“I had errands to run” I told him simply, and slipped onto the stool of my breakfast bar.

“You look like shit” he said with a smile.

I glared at him. We looked almost alike, except where my face was younger and my skin paler, Azurel looked older, his blonde hair was swept up, he had a thin layer of facial hair, he favoured dark colours (he wore a dark suit today) and his skin was covered in intricate tattoos. “What are you doing here?”

He hesitated for a while and then came over to me, his hand searching his pocket. What he dropped on my breakfast bar filled me with dread. A single silver-grey feather winked up at me.

“What is this?” I asked him.

“I went to check on Chloe last night and I found this in her room” he told me. “Do you know what it is?”

“A feather?” I replied sarcastically.

His face remained serious, “It’s a Grey Angel feather. There was an angel in her room last night, before I got there. That’s not good.”

“Why not?” I asked, my eyes on the feather.

“When angels begin to grey, that’s bad fucking news” he said.

“Why?”

He frowned at me. “You’re an angel, surely you were told about this?” I looked up at him and shook my head. He took a deep breath and continued. “When angels Grey, it means they’re angry, thinking impure thoughts, usually murder, rape, kidnap, theft, that sort of thing. Their wings eventually turn black. Their wings represent their soul.”

My eyes went back to the feather and they narrowed. “Can an angel be identified by their feathers?”

“Not by someone like me, usually higher ups and the angel themselves” he hesitated, “I was wondering if you knew who the feather belonged to?”

I stared at it, knowing the feather was my own, knowing it had probably fallen off as I planned to kill Chloe-Marie. “Did you find anymore?” I asked him.

“A few on the grass outside, but none anywhere else.”

I looked up at him and stared into his eyes, “I don’t know who the feather belongs to.”
FRASER’S STORY: PART ONE – “BIRTH” – RIVERBROOK, UK, 2008

I needed to get out.

Breathing heavy, bleeding profusely and sweating more than I cared to think, I got back on my feet, holding my side to stop my insides from falling out, and stumbled through the trees.
 I was disorientated, my head swimming with the scent of blood, my blood, the tightness in my chest, the shakiness of my legs. I shivered with exhaustion and fear, my legs buckled under me and I grabbed a branch to prevent me from hitting the ground.

A howl rang out somewhere behind me and biting back the tears that threatened to spill, I let go of the branch and dropped to the ground, crawling on my hands and knees, trying to get away. I was being hunted by those I loved and they were following my blood trail.

I could see the manor in the darkness, shining out between the trees like a safe beacon. Whimpering, I felt them gaining distance on me and I pulled myself to my feet, leaning against tree trunks, gripping onto branches to keep myself on my feet, and when a triumphant howl echoed out from right behind me, I froze. Leaves crackled and soft growls rumbled behind me and I slowly turned around.

There had to be thirty of them, at least, all different colours and sizes. I could name every single one of them. I’d grown up alongside them all. I’d been raised by the one that stood in front of them all.

He cocked his head to the left, his black coat flecked with silver, his amber eyes fixed on me. He took a step forward. I could see the perspiration rising from his thick coat, his breath fogging the air in front of his face. I could see the dark, sticky substance of my blood on his muzzle.

“Dad” I whispered, “Please.”

He snacked his jaws together and growled at me and I fell to my knees, tears streaming down my face and I reached out to him. I was his son. He promised to love me no matter what. Snarling, his jaws were suddenly clenched around my wrist, his canines piercing into the soft flesh of my arm. I screamed and tried to pull it from his grasp, but he bit harder, his teeth ripping into my flesh.

Out of the darkness, someone appeared, running flat-out and kicked my father in the jaw. With a horrible snapping sound, he let go, howling in pain, and I glimpsed his bottom jaw hanging loosely from his face. The Pack reacted to this, pouncing on Azurel, but he fought back, throwing punches and kicks as they lunged at him. The minute he lit a flame from thin air, they all backed away. Snickering, he turned around and said something to someone behind me.

I couldn’t hear him or the response. I felt light-headed, sickly; my arm was hurting more than anywhere else on my broken body. I wanted to close my eyes, never wake up again and be rid of this pain and betrayal. I wanted to sleep for a very long time. Someone warm picked me up gently and cradled me in their arms. I could smell sweetness and citrus and I buried my dirty, bloody face into a crisp, white shirt and I drifted off.

***

When consciousness rejoined me, I opened my eyes and found myself in a comfortable room, lying in a squashy bed covered in white sheets. I sniffed, smelling summer flowers and feather down. Groaning, I pushed myself up to sit up and looked down, seeing myself in fresh pyjamas, slightly too small for me. They also smelled like summer flowers, and the blue and white checks made it feel almost hospital-like.

The room was shadowed with darkness apart from the halo of light that rose from the small bedside lamp beside me. The sky outside was a wash of inky-blackness, tiny stars dotted the dark canvas and the moon was a large, shining crescent in the heavens.

Swallowing, I pulled up the top of the pyjamas to check my side where three members of my Pack had torn into my skin and ripped me open. My skin was smooth, olive-toned, barely any sign I’d been attacked apart from a thin, pink-white scar running from my side to my ribs. Satisfied, I covered my skin and checked my wrist where Dad had bitten me, seeing similar results. Sighing, swallowing the lump in my throat, blinking back tears, I fell back onto the pillows, my head sinking into the feather down. I covered my face with my hands and wondered if I should cry. I was spent, emotionally and physically. I wasn’t sure I could spare a few tears.

A tender knock at the bedroom door made me sit up. The golden handle lowered and the door was pushed open. Leon, Vampire Master. He didn’t look like a Master; changed young at only eighteen years-old, his pale face was more cute than handsome; his blue eyes making him look more babyish, though when you looked into them, you saw over two thousand years of life experiences hiding within them. His brown hair was swept into a side-fringe and he carried a sleek, black tophat in his elegant little hands. He was dressed in an elegant black waistcoat with silver buttons, a silver pocket-watch was tucked into the pocket because I could see the thin chain. His black trousers were pressed and neat, his black shoes shone in the dim light, clicking on the glossed wooden floorboards. He contrasted his attire with a clean white shirt and a black silk tie. He closed the door behind himself and set the tophat on the desk as he came towards me.

“How are you feeling?” he asked. His voice was light and airy, crisp, upper-class English with the hint of the Italian accent he was born with.

I opened my mouth to answer him, only realising then that I didn’t have an answer to give him. How was I feeling? Hurt, betrayed, frightened.

He sighed and pulled up the computer chair and sat down on it, “What happened?” I stared at him, trying to pull an answer out of my overworking brain. When I still didn’t elaborate, he continued, “I was in the stables with Blaine, when we heard the howling. Never have I heard a Pack act that way unless there was blood to be shed. I tried calling your father to make sure everything was okay. When I got no answer, I panicked. I sent Ruby over to investigate, and she called me, telling me the Pack was hunting you.”

I didn’t stop the tears flowing as I closed my eyes. I let them run down my cheeks, and I couldn’t stop them. Then I couldn’t stop my chest heaving, the sobs coming heavy, and I broke down.

Leon got up from his chair and wrapped his arms around my shaking shoulders. Vampires and werewolves generally don’t get close, too much dominance running through both of us, but I was glad for the comfort, and buried my face in his neck, crying the events of tonight out of my system.

When I was done, he pulled away and took my face in one of his hands. His skin was cool against the burn of my own. He studied me gently, “If I may?” he asked, gesturing to a small white handkerchief he pulled from his pocket. I nodded and he gently wiped the tears from my face, “Tell me what happened.”

“I’ve been run out the Pack,” I told him, my voice breaking, “They all agreed I should be killed when Dad called Council.”

“What did you do?” he asked as he folded the handkerchief and placed it back in his pocket. For what it was worth, he never checked his shoulder for werewolf snot, which I appreciated.

“I’m gay” I told him quietly. If anyone would understand, he would.

His perfectly-shaped eyebrows rose in surprise and he placed a hand on his chest, “How long have you known?”

I shrugged and coughed, “A little while. I’ve had feelings for a while. Never knew what they meant or what to make of them. But I’ve known properly for a year or so. I thought I’d be absolutely sure before I told anyone.”

“And you told your parents?”

I nodded, “I thought they’d understand, be supportive. Dad exploded. Told me I was an abomination. Scratched my face up real good. Mum never said anything. She just sat there like a good little wife and let her husband knock her son around.”

Leon sat down on the edge of the bed, the light from the lamp reflecting on his face, painting shadows on his pale skin, making him look like the old vampire he was, “Werewolves live by different rules. Many Packs still live by the old rules where a female’s place is to bear an Alpha’s litter and being gay is unacceptable.” He looked down at his feet which dangled off the edge of the bed. He wriggled them in an almost child-like manner and sighed, “I always thought your Pack was different.”

We fell silent as Leon stared at his feet and I stared blankly ahead, getting lost in the grey shadows thrown up the white wall of the room. A howl broke out in the silence and I flinched, my eyes changing from green to amber-green in a flash. Leon looked up, out of the window. He hushed me gently and slid from the bed, going over to the window. His back to me, I couldn’t see his expression, but when he moved back slightly, I saw his face reflected in the glass. He was frowning but looked unconcerned, “They’re out there, patrolling the boundaries around my grounds. They can’t get you in here.”

“I haven’t done anything wrong” I said, biting my lip, “They can’t kill me because of this.”

“I won’t let them kill you for this” he told me, turning back around to face me. He made his way back over to the bed, his shoes clicking on the wood. He took my hand in his and stared into my eyes, “It goes against every grain of my being, against everything I believe in, against everything I have fought for. Do you trust me?”

I nodded and he smiled, squeezing my hand. “What are you going to do?” I asked.

“Get you out of here, alive and breathing.”

***

When I entered the office space belonging to Leon a little while later, I was still dressed in the too-small pyjamas. The room was small but high-ceilinged. The top half of the walls were wine-red, the bottom half were a dark wood panelling which matched the floorboards. A large ornate fireplace crackled with life, and a man in his thirties stood in front of it, sipping from a tumbler of amber liquid.

Leon sat behind a desk, which stood in front of a window which reached from the floor to the ceiling, showing the back garden of his manor. He was sat on a chair, swivelling around in half-circles and back, glasses perched on his nose, he had a phone pressed against his ear and he laughed loudly, sharing banter with the old friend on the other end.

Going over paperwork on the opposite side of the desk to Leon, sitting on a leather chair, also with glasses on, was Azurel, his blonde hair wet from a shower, his terry-cloth bathrobe open at the chest, showing an intricate pattern of tribal signs and various symbols tattooed on his skin. He pursed his lips and flipped over to the next page.

Xavier, Azurel’s twin, was dressed in pale grey sweatpants and a white t-shirt and was stood at the end of the desk. He wrote quickly on a sheet of paper, making notes as he peered at another sheet above the one he was writing on. He kept looking up at Leon but never made contact with him.

Leon looked up and beckoned me closer to him with his hand. I went over slowly, sitting down on the chair next to Azurel who looked at me and nodded to acknowledge my presence. Xavier didn’t make any such acknowledgement.

“I did call for a favour, Bellerose” said Leon, chuckling, “I received word that you owed me one… Uh-huh… I have a situation in my town. A young werewolf has been abandoned by his Pack and they tried to massacre him on my land… Brutal, I know, I know. He doesn’t have anywhere to go, and I need to get him as far away from the Pack as possible…” There was a pause and Leon gave a small smile, “Because he’s gay… Uh-huh… Uh-huh…” Leon looked at me, a small crease in his brow, “Give me two seconds…” he pressed his hand to the receiver and asked, “How old are you, Fraser?”

“Um, twenty-four?” I answered.

He smiled and went back to his conversation, “He’s twenty-four… Here’s the kicker; he’s the Alpha’s son… Uh-huh… Look, I know there are no wolves in Chelsea and you run that place, I was hoping you’d take him in, look after him for me… Uh-huh… Tonight?” he looked up at me, his blue eyes boring into my green ones, “Done. I’ll call you later, Bellerose. And do come visit me, it’s been too long.”

He set the phone down in the cradle and leant over his desk towards me, “That was my contact in Chelsea, his name is Thomas Bellerose. He’s a vampire, lives alone. Chelsea’s a free-zone; no other vampires, no werewolves, no shifters. I think there may be a few witches, but Thomas runs a tight ship, which is probably why he has a quiet existence. He’s agreed to take you in and look after you.” I swallowed and nodded, the realisation that I was leaving the town I grew up sinking in. “Azurel has been reading over everything we need to know about sending you to new territories, and Xavier has been compiling the documents you’ll need to give Thomas when you arrive.” 

“There’s nothing useful in here” Azurel told us, setting the document down on the desk. “There aren’t any other Packs in Chelsea, so he has no trials to complete or no permission to ask. If other wolves settle in Chelsea, they’d have to ask Bellerose’s permission, but it would make Fraser Alpha since he was there first.”

Leon nodded and turned to Xavier, “Are we almost finished?”

He nodded, “Fraser’s story, his background, the reason for his leaving of Riverbrook and all your requests to Mr Bellerose have all been documented in here” he said, standing up and stretching. His bones clicked and he sighed, “We just need to get him past the Pack now.”

“Get him a car, programme the SatNav to get him to Chelsea, we’ll hold off Micah and his wolves until he’s safely over the boundaries.”

Azurel and Xavier left, following their orders, leaving me with Leon and Blaine, who had come to join us. He stood behind Leon’s chair, his hand massaging the back of Leon’s neck. He sighed and smiled. Blaine was attractive, having been Leon’s lover since he was eighteen. His dark, curly hair fell over his face and his dark eyes twinkled with adoration as he looked down at Leon.

“Thomas will be waiting for you when you get to Chelsea. He lives on Egerton Crescent. He will take care of you for as long as you wish to stay with him. Azurel and Xavier went to your home earlier since all the Pack are out and hounding my boundaries. There are a few cases of your clothes and some belongings you may need under my desk.”

Azurel and Xavier, being a demon and an angel respectively, could appear and reappear anywhere they wished in an instant. I was grateful for what they’d done.

I’ll leave you to get dressed and get yourself in order. You’ll leave shortly.”

I nodded as he got up and left the room, Blaine in tow. I closed my eyes for a moment, steadying my breathing and my heart rate, before getting up and going under Leon’s desk for my stuff. I took off the pyjamas and pulled on a black t-shirt, underwear, a pair of stone-grey jeans and my trainers. I rifled through my bags, finding my phone and charger and my laptop. I stared at the phone, thinking I’d probably have to chuck it, and left it on Leon’s desk. I scribbled him a note, letting him know why I left it and pulled out my leather jacket, wrapping myself in it and zipping up my cases.

There were five cases and I tried my best to carry them all. The strain on my arms was too much after tonight, and by the time I met Leon in the hallway, I was breathing heavily and I felt like my arms had been through a medieval torture device.

“I didn’t think” he told me, watching me dump the cases on his Persian rug, “We’ll help you put them in the car.”

“Thanks” I huffed, standing up straight, just as an engine revved outside.

“That’ll be Azurel” he said, “Quick, we need to get you out now.”

“Are they out there?” I asked as I picked up two of my cases, Leon picked up one, Blaine picked up the other two.

“Yes, and they’re growing restless” he told me, hurrying to the front door and pulling it open. A blast of cool night air struck us and we rushed out onto the gravel driveway. Xavier came around the car and popped the trunk and we flung the cases inside. A chorus of angry howls, a call to arms, rang out and my heart began to race. I could hear them snarling, barking, pacing, howling, whining.

Leon spun me around and pulled my face towards his, “Stay safe” he whispered, and pushed me away from him, “Now go!” he shouted.

I stumbled over my feet and threw myself into the black Audi. I slammed the door shut and put my foot down, gravel hitting the body of the car as I spun around and tore down the driveway, just as over fifty wolves tore from the trees towards Leon, Blaine, Xavier and Azurel.

Vampires appeared out of nowhere to protect Leon, appearing from the darkness as if they had been molded from the shadows. I swerved to avoid them as wolves came towards the car. I spied a blonde wolf, his blueish eyes shone in my headlights, and out of sheer rage, I put my foot down harder and hit him.

He whined loudly, ear-splitting, heart-wrenching, and he hit the grassy verge by the driveway. I didn’t look back and kept driving, ignoring the howls and screams behind me, the tyres squealing as I tore into the streets of Riverbrook and fled the only place I’d ever called home.
FRASER’S STORY: PART TWO – “LIFE” – CHELSEA, LONDON, UK, 2008

It was early morning when I pulled into Egerton Crescent in Chelsea. The sky was a wash of pink, lilac and gold. I’d driven all night, the adrenaline and fear surging through me, urging me forward. I slowed down, cruising past the endless white buildings on the roadside. I wasn’t sure who I was looking for or how I’d identify my safe house, so I kept my eyes peeled.

After another ten minutes of cruising slowly, I spied a figure leaning against the metal railings that framed the stairs that led to the door of one of the townhouses. I slowed and wound my window down.

The man leaning against the railings was young, but there was something about his hazel eyes that made him older. His pale skin almost glowed in the morning sun. He was dressed similar to Leon, apart from where Leon had a tie, this man had a silk ribbon tied in a neat little bow around his collar. His hair was swept to the side elegantly and he smiled at me brightly.

“Are you Thomas Bellerose?”

“Are you Fraser Cole?” he asked, pushing himself from the railings and coming over to the car, “Naughty, Leon,” he muttered and smiled at me.

It seems I may have found my saviour. “Leon said you’d take care of me.”

He raised one of his eyebrows and blew a breath from his full lips, “He did, but he probably meant it in a completely different way I’m currently thinking of.”

I cleared my throat, “So…?”

He smirked, “Get your shit, I’ll show you to your room.”

I nodded quickly, wound the window back up and parked the car in the space outside his front door. When I was retrieving my stuff from the boot, I noticed him watching me intently and I felt my face flame. There was something about the weight and heat in his gaze that made me flush.

I stepped into his townhouse and was amazed. “It looks smaller on the outside.”

“Ah,” he said, rushing up to me, “But it’s bigger on the inside, yeah?”

Taken aback, I gaped at him for a moment, “Yeah, I suppose?”

“Doctor Who?” he asked. I shook my head and he huffed in response, “Well, we’ll have to remedy that. Breakfast?”

“Uh, yeah, thanks” I said. “Where should I put my bags?”

“Upstairs, the third floor, the second door. Take the lift, silly wolf, don’t try and drag your bags up the staircases! Bacon and omelette?”

“Yeah, sounds great” I shouted back as he disappeared into the kitchen. I heard him rattling around as I pressed the small, golden circular button on the lift. Stepping inside the fancy golden cage, I pressed the upwards arrow. I twiddled my fingers together as the lift took me up to the third floor, ringing out when it stopped and the doors opened. I dragged my bags onto the floor and looked up.

There were two doors to my left and two to my right. He said the second door. What second door? I mouthed to myself and wandered over to the second door on my left. I twisted the knob and slowly pushed it open.

The room inside was white, the bed similarly squashy-looking as the one I’d slept in at Leon’s. I breathed in the cool, clean air coming in from the open window. White cotton curtains drifted lazily in the breeze coming in. I quietly stepped into the room, my feet sinking into the soft white carpet and I went over to the armoire. There were no clothes inside, nor were there any in the dresser. Satisfied I’d found my room, I went back into the hallway and dragged my cases into the room. Closing the door behind me, I decided to start and unpack. I wasn’t in the mood to sleep, though I was exhausted and running on vapours, and I wanted some time alone, to gather my thoughts.

I’d been upstairs alone for around an hour when a soft tapping broke my solitary mind frame. The door opened and Thomas popped his head in the door, “Ah, unpacking. There’s food downstairs for you.”

“Thanks” I said, folding the last of my clothes and putting them in the dresser, “I’ll be down in a minute.”

Though this was a dismissal, he didn’t leave. He continued watching me curiously. This was a vampire who had been alone for a long time. I shut the dresser drawer and faced him, smiling. He smiled back at me and then thumbed behind him, “Shall we eat? I know how big of an appetite wolves have.”

“Yeah, lead the way” I said, gesturing. He spun around on his heel and I rolled my eyes at him. This was going to be fun.

***

Turns out, Thomas Bellerose is bananas, excitable and a hell of a lot of fun. After breakfast, which he sat at the opposite end of the table and watched me shovel endless amounts of delicious food down, we retreated to what he called his ‘games room’ on the second floor. I had planned on catching some sleep after breakfast, but when I’d sat down in one of the black, leather recliners, cracked open a can of beer and began shooting zombies with him in his games room, I kind of forgot all about sleep and revelled in his company.

When night fell again, I was starting to feel the adrenaline buzz wear off and I started to feel drained. Thomas insisted I keep my strength up with food and then a good night’s rest, and ordered us a Chinese takeaway from around the corner.

“Oh, I have papers for you from Leon” I told him, digging around in my carton of noodles for a lump of chicken.

He waved his hand, “Don’t worry about it. I’ll get them tomorrow” he said. He chewed a chunk of red pepper, crunching it loudly before sitting back and twisting his fork around some noodles, “Tell me your story.”

I stopped digging around for a moment before going back to hunting chicken, this time, I was a bit more distracted, “Nothing much to tell.”

“Leon said you’d been given the death sentence by your Pack?”

I nodded, “Pretty much.”

“And you’re the Alpha’s son?”

“Yup.”

“All because you’re gay?”

“Seems like you know everything” I told him sharply.

“Oh, don’t be like that, Fraser” he said softly, and came to sit next to me on the floor, “I just wanted you to open up to me rather than have me question you about what happened.”

I stopped digging around for chicken and looked up at him, “I’d been having feelings for a while, but I never really understood what they meant. A few weeks ago, I was getting drunk down by the river on our land with a friend and I kissed him. He kissed me back. Nothing more happened but I thought there was something between us. I got brave and told my parents I was gay. The rest is history. I was condemned to death and Leon saved me. And here I am, with you, eating Chinese.”

“What happened to the friend you kissed? Was he Pack?”

I nodded, “Yeah, he still is. Bastard never stuck up for me, but he joined the hunting party without complaint. So I hit him with the car when I left Leon’s.”

Thomas laughed loudly and it made me smile. At least someone enjoyed my company. He scooted closer to me and looked down into his half-eaten carton, “What did Leon tell you about me?”

“Nothing,” I said, “Just that you’d keep me safe.”

“Ah” he said, but didn’t elaborate.

“Why? Is there something I should know?”

He sighed and mixed his food up but didn’t eat any, “I’ve been alone a long time. I don’t have a human lover, I don’t share my territory with werewolves and I don’t belong to a Family.”

“Why?” I asked him.



“Humans are fragile. They break, they die. I applaud Leon for managing to keep them going for as long as he does. I prefer being a lone vampire. So many people to watch over, protect, I couldn’t do it. And I have a thing for werewolves.”

Well, he said that last part a little quiet. “What do you mean ‘a thing’?” I asked warily.

“Their blood” he told me, “I like the taste of their blood.”

I felt my insides curdle and freeze, “And Leon sent me here to live with you because…”

“He owed me a favour.”

***

I’d been living with Thomas for a few months when I finally settled in. He stood by his word and took great care of me; feeding my insatiable appetite, taking me shopping, taking me places I could run and let my wolf free, yet he always sat in the car and waited for me to turn back human so I wouldn’t be alone when I woke up naked and cold in the early hours of the morning.

I hadn’t heard from Leon or anyone from Riverbrook, but I knew Thomas had. I’d come downstairs one morning to find him on the phone, telling someone not to worry and that I was perfectly safe and sexy.

I’d grown used to his craziness, and the more time we spent together, the more he seemed to mellow out. We found we shared a common love for zombie videogames and we liked to spend our evenings with plenty of food, watching werewolf and vampire films. He introduced me to the world of Doctor Who and I found out his favourite vampire film was Van Helsing. He opened up to me, telling me he grew up in the early 1200s where he would pickpocket to feed and clothe his family and that his mother was a prostitute who died of syphilis, leaving his father, a stablehand, to provide for his seven children. This, in turn, helped me open up to him, telling him about my own childhood and how easy I had it growing up compared to him.

I was lying back in the bath late one evening, my eyes closed, the warm water enveloping my body. My chest rumbled in comfort and I shuffled slightly in the water. There was a gentle knock at the door, “I’m in the bath” I mumbled and the door opened as Thom stepped inside. “What the hell, man?!” I shouted, sitting up and covering myself with a flannel from the side of the bath.

Thom looked at my naked body, one eyebrow raised as a smirk painted his lips, “That flannel’s too small to hide what you’re packing. I appreciate the glimpse.”

I glowered at him and sat up, bringing my knees up to my chest, “Can I help?”

He grinned, “Absolutely.”

“What did you intrude on my privacy for?”

“I’m going to Riverbrook,” he announced and I felt a cold weight drop in my stomach, “You’re not coming with me, naturally, but I’ll be gone for a few days.”

“Okay,” I mumbled. My lips suddenly numb, “Why are you going?”

“To visit Leon, I haven’t seen the old bastard in nearly one hundred years. It’ll be nice to catch-up.”

I nodded and swallowed the lump forming in my throat. This would be the first time Thom had left me alone to fend for myself and I felt nervous and upset. He was going home and he was going without me.

“Fraser?”

I looked up and forced a smile on my face, “Yeah?”

“Are you okay with this? I can stay…”

“No,” I told him. “It’s fine. Go, have a good time. Say hi to Leon for me.”

He nodded slowly and smiled at me. “I’ll have my phone on me. If there are any problems-”

“I’ll be fine” I said, cutting him off a little sharply. I cleared my throat, “I’ll be fine. I’m a big boy. Go, have a good time.”

He sensed a dismissal in my tone, and rather than ignore it like he usually did, he chose to take heed and left me alone, closing the bathroom door behind him.

I lay back in the bath, no longer contented or happy. I felt the odd sensation of betrayal lingering in my chest, though I wasn’t sure why. Was it because he was going to my hometown without me? Back to the scene of the crime, to the place I was hurt and betrayed by my kin? Or was it because I didn’t want him to leave at all?

Sighing, I sank under the water, enveloping myself in lukewarm waves, hoping for a moment of serenity from my buzzing brain.

***

 Thom left the next day. He kept hesitating, asking if I was sure, if I wanted him to stay. I had to push him out the door, insisting that he go. I found out as I crawled beneath the sheets last night, that I wanted my space from him for a few days.

I was rifling around in the fridge four days after he’d left, still learning how to fend for myself, when there was a knock at the door. Frowning, I slowly made my way over to it. Living with Thom had taught me that he hated unexpected visitors. Rarely had we had a visitor at the door since I moved in.

I unlocked the door and opened it. There stood a young girl, probably in her early twenties, wearing a Houndstooth dress with a peplum waist, her hair up in a small beehive. Except she wasn’t in her early twenties, not really. The moment I breathed in, I smelled the unmistakeable chilled scent of vampire. She smiled at me from painted red lips, “Well, hello, there!”

“Can I help?” I asked, leaning on the door frame.

“You can carry my cases inside!” she responded brightly, “And tell Thomas I’m here. The old sour puss never returned my calls. He’s bollocks with modern technology.”

“You know Thom?” I asked, picking up the suitcase and letting her inside.

“Of course I know him!” she said, “He’s my Master.”

I froze as she closed the door behind me and looked at me like it was something I should know. She waved her hand in front of my face and I cleared my throat, shaking my head slightly, “Sorry,” I grumbled, “He never mentioned he’d…” I trailed off.

She sniffed and shrugged before freezing where she stood. I’d seen Thom do this a few times and it made me uneasy. When vampires freeze, they freeze. No slight breathing movement, no swaying, nothing, just stock-still. I cleared my throat and she blinked at me, “Werewolf?”

“That’s me” I muttered, “I’m sorry, I’ve got the spare room, I’m not sure where you’d be staying. I don’t know if the other rooms are prepped for unexpected visitors.”

Her eyes narrowed, “Are you sleeping with him?”

My eyes widened, “What? No!” I sputtered, “We haven’t… No!”

She didn’t look like she believed me, “He can’t be around werewolves…”

“Yeah, I’ve heard. But I’ve been living here for months and he hasn’t harmed me. I’m guessing he can restrain himself.”

“Where is he?” she asked, folding her arms across her chest.

“He’s visiting an old friend in the North” I replied. I figured I could be friendly. Thom would probably be pissed if he came home to find his prodigy and his lodger at loggerheads. I held my hand out to her, “Fraser Cole.”

She eyed my hand but took it briskly, “Delilah Cortes.”

I smiled slightly at her, “Where would I put your bags? Like I said, he put me in the spare room.”

“There are more than two bedrooms in this house” she said, rather shortly with me and I was taken aback. “I’ll take them to my room. If you could call Thomas and tell him I’ve arrived.”

She took her suitcase from my hands and took the stairs. I envied her strength for just a moment before picking up the hallway phone from its cradle and dialling Thom’s mobile. It rang out and then he answered. Or tried to. I could hear him trying to work the phone and swearing to himself. I smiled as he yelled down the phone, “Hello!”

“You don’t have to shout, I can hear you” I told him.

He chuckled softly and the sound sent warm shivers down my spine, “At least I managed to answer this time. How are you?”

“I’m okay,” I told him honestly. I was okay now I heard his voice, “How is your trip?”

“The countryside is not to my liking,” he said, “I’ve stood in shit more times than I care to count.” I laughed loudly, “What can I help you with?”

“I think you need to come home,” I said.

I heard him shift slightly, “Is there a problem?”

“Errrr…” I looked up at the ceiling, “We’ve had a visitor.”

“Did you tell them to fuck off?”

“Her name is Delilah Cortes?”

There was silence down the phone and I rolled my eyes, seeing him in my mind, frozen on one of those white and gold chaise sofas Leon had.

“I’m on my way” he told me. “I’ll be home in a few hours.”

“How on earth are you going to manage that?” I asked exasperated. “It’ll take forever to get back to Chelsea and she’s making me uneasy” I said that last part quietly.

“You underestimate me, lover” he told me softly. The way he said the word ‘lover’ left me with a hot flush. This was going to have to stop. “I won’t be long.” Then he hung up on me. I licked my lips and put the phone back in the cradle. I had the uneasy, prickling feeling on the back of my neck, the one where you feel like someone is watching you. I spun around but Delilah wasn’t there. I shivered and went back into the kitchen to fix myself something to eat. 

I guess I had time to kill.

***

 When Thom arrived back home, true to his word, four hours later, he was soaking wet from the torrential downpour that had decided to come about. Rain dripped from his hair, down his face, off his chin, from the bottom of his long coat. He made a beeline straight for me, sitting on the sofa, watching brain-numbing television. I got to my feet to greet him and he took my face in his hands, “Did she touch you?” he asked quietly.

I shook my head and turned my face into one of his hands, closing my eyes, breathing in his scent, “She’s been upstairs since she got here. I think she stole my bedroom.” I brushed my lips against the cool skin of his palm, “I’m so glad you’re home” I told him honestly.

Something sparked between us as he looked into my eyes. He pressed his forehead against mine and whispered, “I need to talk to you, but I need to see Delilah first. Can you be patient?”

I swallowed and nodded. He pulled away from me and left me standing in the middle of the living room. Impatience began to set in and I started to pace the length of the room. What did he want to talk to me about? Did it have something to do with Riverbrook? Or was it about Delilah? Maybe he wanted me out?

I stopped pacing and looked up at my translucent reflection in the window, the rain outside splashing down, making the image of myself even more distorted. I felt panic settle in my chest and a sick sensation wash over me. If he wanted me out, where would I go? I’d be on my own. I didn’t have my own money and there was no other free territory where I could live peacefully. I was a dead wolf before I hit the ground running. Was it because Delilah was back, he didn’t need me or want me anymore? Had I become too clingy? I thought back to the night when I’d tried to take on a full-grown stag by myself and been gorged by its antlers. I’d asked Thom to stay with me all night while I healed and he had. We’d slept all night, intertwined, our bodies close together, and it must have been unbearable for him, to be so close to my beating heart, to smell my blood and do nothing. I’d become so dependent on him, always by his side. I sank onto the sofa and buried my face in my hands, haunting myself with my own thoughts when he walked into the room a short time later.

“Fraser?”

I looked up and smiled weakly at him, “You wanted to talk?”

He nodded gently and came to kneel by me. He took my hands in his and looked up at me, “I saw your parents when I was in Riverbrook.”

I blinked stupidly at him for a moment, “Is that it?” I asked, my numb lips regaining some of their feeling in a tingling wave.

“Well, no, but…” he shook his head, frowning, “What do you mean?”

“You’re not going to ask me to leave?”

For the record, he looked shocked that I’d even think such a thing, “Quite the contrary,” he replied, “Your father is a bastard.”

I huffed a laugh, “Yeah, he can be. What happened?”

“He got wind I was in town, he somehow found out I was the one you are staying with and confronted me. I won’t repeat the unsavoury stuff he said. I will, however, tell you, I told him we were sleeping together.”

I laughed properly this time, “Bet he loved that.”

He smiled at me, “Come with me, I want to show you something.”

He took me upstairs to his bedroom. I hadn’t been allowed in here before; he was quite secretive about his personal space. He closed the door behind us and I took a quick scan of the room. The walls were red, the curtains black and thick. The bed was a four-poster King with black silk sheets and pillow cases. Majestic armoires and two bookcases made of dark wood stood by the wall opposite the window. The bookcases were crammed with all sorts of books. One of the armoires was swung open and inside…

“Are they my clothes?” I asked, stepping towards the armoire and plucking a shirt out.

“Yes” he answered, “I’ve given Delilah your room.”

“Thanks, I guess” I mumbled, “If I’m now in here, where will you sleep?”

His tongue was pressed between his lips as his eyes slid towards the bed. Confused, it took me a while to reach the answer he was holding out for me. I held my breath as I looked at him and he raised his left eyebrow suggestively.

We took steps towards each other and collided, meeting in the middle, and I kissed him, my hand holding the back of his head, pulling him in closer to me. As we tore off each other’s clothing and collapsed onto his bed together, I felt the first breath of a new life escape me and everything clicked into place.

I nuzzled his collarbone as he fumbled around the top drawer of his bedside table. My heart pounded in my chest as he smoothed a thick, slick liquid on my hard shaft. I groaned into his pale, cool skin and when both his hands slid up to rest on my arms, I picked his waist up and slid myself inside him.

He gasped and I felt sweat break through onto my skin. I moved slowly inside him and he bit down on his lip, a keening noise escaping him now and again.

“Do you want me to stop?” I asked, my voice thick with lust.

He turned his head to look at me, his brown eyes glowing almost gold with the sunlight that broke through the grey clouds and through the bedroom window. Thom’s body was slightly soft, and for the first time since I’d known him, his creamy skin was warm and flushed. He answered without words, barely shaking his head as he pulled me down and kissed me. His fangs grazed my lips and I realised then that I wanted him to bite me.

I pounded into him harder, his fingernails dragging down the soft, damp flesh of my back, breaking the skin. Beads of blood mixed with sweat and I cried out. Thom wrapped his legs around my waist and pushed down, pushing me deeper inside him. He groaned and threw his head back as I let out a gasp of air. I felt a build up inside me, a tightness in my stomach and I lifted myself up higher above him and thrust harder and deeper into him. He began calling my name and I lost control. I gave one last thrust and came inside him. He gripped my arms tightly as I collapsed on top of him.

We lay in silence, his legs still around my waist, my face still nuzzling his chest. He was the first to break the silence. “We should have fucked ages ago.”

I laughed softly and kissed his chest. Elevating myself, I slowly pulled out and lay down next to him. He rolled over to sit on top of me and I sat up, running my fingers up and down his back as the tips of our noses touched.

“I’m not finished with you yet, Fraser Cole…”
DEVON’S STORY – INTERVIEWING THE VAMPIRE – CAMBRIDGE, UK, 2012

I remained crouched on the damp grass, my elbows and knees digging into the soft muck, frozen in shock as the previously-dead mouse scampered away from me. My breath shook and I blinked back tears.

I didn’t understand what was happening to me. It had all started last year, when I was fooling around with friends at the beach and had fallen onto dry grass and it had sprouted, lush, soft and green beneath my hands. Only recently had I found myself able to raise dead animals.

“Devon!” I pulled myself to my feet hurriedly and spun around, jumping into my best friend Ava’s arms. She was squealing and I bounced around with her until she calmed down. “You’ll never guess what just happened?”

“Enlighten me!” I begged.

“Jake asked me to Prom!”

I grinned at her and she swung her arms around me, embracing me in the most uncomfortable neck-hug ever, “I’m so happy for you!” I told her.

“We have to go get a coffee so I can tell you everything!” she gushed.

I nodded, “Definitely.”

***

We sat in the small, steamy café on the high street. I cradled a towering hot chocolate and cream with chocolate dust sprinkled on it, Ava’s had marshmallows. She was speaking much too quickly and without drawing many breaths for me to understand exactly what she was saying, but I smiled and nodded along.

A gust of cold air blew in as someone opened the door and stepped into the café. I chanced a glance at the new people, in case we knew them, but they were strangers. The taller of the two was blonde, he had the most striking blue eyes and a black tattoo snaked its way up his neck. The other was a boy, not much older than I was but he was dressed like he was from, like, the 1920s or something. He wore a coat with tails and flashy silver buttons, pressed trousers and a waistcoat the same white as his shirt. He glanced at me, also with blue eyes, but unlike the ocean-blue of his companion, these were an icy, baby blue. His skin was pale and his brown hair had raindrops clinging to it. He caught my stare and held it for a few seconds before looking away.

The energy in the room had changed. There was a buzzing that I felt vibrating around my entire body. Power. And it had happened when these two had walked in.

The pair sat at a table in the corner behind our table, crouched over hot drinks, they leaned in close and began whispering. I couldn’t focus enough to hear what they were saying and Ava had noticed I was no longer listening to her.

“Am I boring you?” she asked.

I hushed her softly, “I don’t recognise those two” I told her quietly.

She peered behind me and quickly lowered her head to me, “They heard you.”

I glanced behind me and sure enough, they were both staring at me. The blonde guy looked amused but the boy’s eyebrows were furrowed in a disapproving gesture. I smiled shyly at them and turned back. I could feel his eyes burning into the back of my head, “Shall we go?” I asked Ava.

She looked longingly at her half-finished hot chocolate and then nodded. We got up and threw our scarves and coats back on and the bell above the door tinkled and a cold gust of air blew in.

“They left” Ava whispered and I checked behind me and sure enough, they had gone. They walked past the window and the boy caught my eye. He glared at me before turning away and disappearing from view.

“I’ll walk you home” I told her. Once I’d gotten her home, I was going to try and find them again. There was something strange about them and I couldn’t put my finger on it. But I was going to find out.

***

Once I’d dropped Ava off home, I went back to the high street and to the café. It was closed now but I was hoping to pick up… Something, anything. I’d felt that power oozing from them. A spark of excitement settled in my chest. What if they were like me? They could tell me what was going on and help me. Teach me things…

I found a faded trail of something that I could feel in my bones and followed it to the town’s luxury hotel. They were here now or here recently, the power was buzzing stronger here. I looked up, rain sprinkling on my face and braved the inside.

I felt immediately out of place. Inside was so intricately detailed and golden, expensive. I moved out the way of a maid pushing a tray with expensive-smelling coffee steaming upon it in fine china teacups.

I made my way to the front desk and a man in a black suit smiled down at me, “Can I help?”

“Er, hi” I replied with a nervous grin, “I need to know if someone is staying here.”

His mouth was open and then it curved slightly in a smile, “I’m afraid I can’t do it.”

“No” I said, “I’m not a weirdo. It’s some really, tall blonde guy and a young guy with dark hair. Like, he looks like he stepped off the set of Downtown Abbey.” He shook his head and I frowned, “Can you at least tell me if they stopped by here or visited someone here?”

When he continued to stare down at me with a look of amusement, I began to feel offended and spun on my heel and waltzed out of there. I hugged myself as I stepped out into the cold. Whoever they were, I wasn’t going to give up. They were here, I knew it.

I had just rounded the corner when a cat yowled in an alleyway and shot out in front of me. I clutched my heart and swore under my breath. “What do you want?” asked a voice in the alleyway that made me yelp out loud.

The boy from the café stepped from the shadows but remained in the alleyway. He looked so out of place in his pristine clothes and upper-class attitude, standing in a dirty alleyway between a fish and chip shop and all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. I looked around for the other guy and found a tall silhouette standing on the roof of the buffet, looking down on us.

Oh, this wasn’t good.

I swallowed and looked back at the boy, “I was just…” What was I doing? What did I want? “What are you?” I asked.

He tilted his head and the streetlight caught his blue eyes, making them flash silver, like a cat’s eyes in direct light, “I was going to ask you the same thing” he told me softly.

“I don’t know what I am” I said tiredly, “Human.”

“You’re more than that” he told me, “What are you?”

I hesitated, “I was hoping you could tell me” I told him. He looked confused and then I heard footsteps and the tall blonde guy appeared behind him. I quickly looked up to the roof and, yep, nothing there. How the hell had he gotten down without me noticing?

“Why would I be able to tell you?” he asked me.

“Okay, look” I said, forcing a little attitude out, “You don’t need your bodyguard guy. I’m just some regular kid.”

The blonde guy smirked at me and I glared at him, “I like this kid, he’s got attitude.”

“Oh, my God, is that a Geordie accent?” he nodded, “I love your accent!”

The blonde guy grinned at me but the boy continued looking serious, “If you’re a regular boy, what did you mean you were hoping we could tell you what you were?”

I chewed my bottom lip, “Doesn’t matter” I muttered, “I’m sorry for turning up at the hotel and probably freaking you guys out. And for staring at the café and whispering about you and chasing you out of there” I thought about what I’d just said, “Yeah, sorry for being such a creep.”

“My name is Leon, this is Azurel,” he told me.

“Azurel? Is that, like, foreign?” I asked. I’d never heard it before.

He laughed loudly, “You could say that.”

“I’m Devon” I told them.

“Devon, what are you?” asked Leon.

I narrowed my eyes and clicked my tongue, “How many times do I have to tell you, I don’t know?!”

He studied me for a while, “If I told you that you were a witch, how would that sound?”

A nervous giggle bubbled from my lips and then I started laughing manically. They watched me, not saying a word, while the laughter subsided. Why was I laughing? Because it made absolutely no sense but yet it made perfect sense.

“Devon?”

I looked up, a surge of power clutching at my chest, and then I saw jet-black orbs replacing Azurel’s blue eyes, and silver discs where there should have been blue in Leon’s. Needlelike fangs protruded slightly over his bottom lip. “My God” I muttered. Then I passed out.

***

“We wipe his memory and then we get the hell out of dodge.”

“He’s a young witch, the power emanating from him worries me. He needs guidance.”

“Not our problem.”

“And what if the next person to find him isn’t as nice as us?”

I opened my eyes and my view was blurry. I blinked a few times to clear my vision and sat up, rubbing my eyes. The voices had stopped speaking and I had a headache and felt sick. “What happened?” I asked.

“You fainted” replied Leon. We were in a hotel room with two double beds. The walls were cream but they looked almost golden from the lamps. Azurel was standing at the window, looking out, spinning whisky or something in a posh looking glass. Leon sat on the bed opposite the one I was on.

“I can bring things back to life” I blurted out. “It started out as plants and stuff, but recently I’ve been able to bring back small animals.”

Azurel slowly turned to face me and he had somehow changed. There was a hardness to his face and I couldn’t shake the evil, black eyes I’d seen. Dark energy flowed from him making me feel light-headed. I looked back at Leon and for the first time, saw how boyish yet old he looked. I remembered the way his eyes flashed and the fangs…

“You’re not human, either of you” I said breathlessly. “What are you?”

“Wipe his memory” said Azurel.

“Er, excuse me,” I said, waving at him, “I’m sitting right here and I object.”

“You haven’t got a choice” he snarled at me.

“Hey!” I shouted, “This is my head and I don’t want you fiddling round in it!”

“Can we please calm down?” said Leon softly. Azurel turned back to the window and I made a face behind his back. Briefly forgetting Leon was watching me. I smiled at him and he smiled back at me, softening his face up.

“Do you remember what happened before you fainted?” he asked me.

“You told me I was a witch” I said. “And then I laughed like a crazy person and…” your faces changed. “Then, it all goes blank.”

“Do you believe me?” he asked and I saw Azurel glance over his shoulder slightly.

I nodded, “Yeah, sort of” I said. “I can’t think of an explanation to what’s happening to me myself.”

“You accepted it pretty quickly” said Azurel, looking back out the window. “Many wouldn’t believe total strangers who told them they were a witch and then brought them back to a hotel suite while they were passed out. For a modern-day teenager, you trust strangers more than you should.”

I swallowed, “No offence, but Leon looks pretty harmless,” I turned to him, “You’re, like, what, my age?”

Azurel laughed and Leon stared down at his small feet. I was getting pretty sick of Azurel’s scare tactics. I know he wanted my memory washed but he was going to wrong way to get me to agree with him.

“I’m two thousand and twenty five years old” said Leon.

I swallowed again and licked my lips, “I’m sorry, I must have misheard. How old are you?”

He looked up at me, “I’m two thousand and twenty five.”

My mouth dried up, “You look real good for your age” I croaked. “You’ll have to tell my mum your anti-ageing secret.”

“Immortality” he told me.

A nervous giggle sneaked from me, “How old is Azurel? You beat him in the age stakes?”

“By a few million years” he muttered.

I felt light-headed again. I was totally going to pass out again. “You also discovered immortality?” I asked weakly.

“I’m one of the first immortal beings ever created” he said. He drained his glass and turned to me, “I was around when the earth was created. I was there when the extinction of the dinosaurs was planned to make way for evolution. I was there when the earth moved, when man took its first steps.”

The silence that hung around the room was heavy, almost suffocating. “What are you?”

“Angel,” he told me, “But I fell a long time ago so now I’m earth-bound with no route home.”

I turned to Leon, “Are you an…” I twisted my face, “Angel?”

He shook his head, “Vampire.”

I didn’t feel good. Azurel was right. For some reason, I had trusted strangers all too readily. I had set out to find them and find myself in this situation, and now I was alone in a hotel room with them and nobody knew where I was. I was probably going to die here. I broke out into a sweat and fell backwards.

***

When I woke up, I was in my own bed. My eyes widened and I sat straight up. I was still dressed in my clothes from yesterday and my window was open. I clapped my hands on my neck and felt no holes and there was no blood on my hand. And I remembered everything from last night.

I reached for my phone, which was on my bedside table and my hand brushed a white envelope propped up against a glass of water. My name was written in beautiful, delicate hand on the envelope and I reached for it and gently peeled the envelope open. Inside was a small piece of paper with a note written on it;

Dear Devon, I apologise for last night. You fainted again and I thought it would be beneficial to bring you home. I used the address on the back of your driving license to bring you home. If you have any questions or worries, I have programmed a contact number for myself into your phone. Do not hesitate to call me. Best, Leon.

I ran my finger across his name and reached for my phone. With shaking hands, I scrolled through my contacts and found his name. Leon Catalaides. He had such a beautiful name. There was a mobile number and a home number. I checked out the area code and found he lived in a county called Northumberland.

I gave myself a few hours, had a shower, had something to eat and impatiently watched TV until I broke and decided to call him. My finger hovered over his number and then I jammed it down and watched the screen tell me it was dialing. As soon as I heard the dialtone play, my heart began to race.

“Hello?”

I pulled it up to my ear, “Leon?”

“Devon?”

“Yeah, sorry for bothering you but..” I wasn’t actually sure why I was calling.

“Are you okay?”

“I want your help” I told him, “I want you to help me with my magic, or, whatever” I said.

“I can send you the name and location of a Coven near you that will help you” he told me.

“No,” I said, “I want you to help me.”

“Devon, I don’t live near you and it’s impossible for me to relocate to guide you.”

“I’ll come to you” I told him defiantly. What the hell was I doing?

“Devon, your family…”

I hadn’t thought this through, but, yet, I couldn’t stop the words coming from my mouth, “They have no idea about my powers and I’m sure if they did, they’d send me to some therapist and say I was playing up. I want to do this, Leon.”

I heard him sigh, “You must understand what you are talking about doing” he told me.

“I do!”

“What’s that?”

“I’m talking about running away from my family and joining you” I told him. God, I really hadn’t thought this through. But yet, why wasn’t I stopping myself? Why did the thought excite me? “Please?” I begged, “I want to do this.”

“There is a Coven near you. I will text you the details. Devon, please think about what we’ve just spoken about and understand the severity of it.”

And then he hung up on me. Angry, I ignored my phone for the rest of the night as I researched Leon and Northumberland. After almost four hours, I felt like I had hit a dead-end until I came across an article about a wolf reservation in a town called Riverbrook. One of the locals, Leon Catalaides had made a generous donation towards it during a fundraiser.

I then Googled the postcode for Riverbrook and jotted it down on a notepad. Hanging up on me after trying to palm me off on strangers was a big mistake.

***

“Holy shitballs” I breathed as I looked up at the white mansion on the hill. “For a vampire, you’re not doing a great job at keeping a low profile” I muttered to myself. I spied an electronic gate being monitored by a bored looking guard. I took a slow drive up to the attendant and wound my window down.

“We expecting you?” he asked.

“Sorry?”

“You got an appointment?”

“Er, no” I told him, “It’s kind of a surprise drop-by.”

“Then you can’t get in, sorry” he told me.

“Just like that?” I asked.

“Just like that.”

I chewed this knowledge, “Can I speak to Azurel, then?”

He looked at me like I was annoying him, which I probably was, but he picked up a black phone and dialed. He chatted idly for a bit then pt the phone down. “He’s coming down.”

“Can I get out or are you going to shoot me?” I joked.

“You can get out but remain at your car unless told you can move.”

I rolled my eyes and got out of my car just as Azurel appeared behind the gate. He smirked at me, “Leon will be ecstatic to see you.”

“I need to see him” I said. “But I don’t have an appointment so I can’t get in.”

He looked me up and down, considering me and then laughed as he slowly shook his head, “Open the gate, Clive.”

Azurel stepped back as the gate slid back with barely a sound. I got back into my car when Azurel nodded and put it into gear. “He was worried you’d do this” said Azurel and I yelled in shock. He was sitting beside me in my car looking like I’d just given him the time of his life. “How the hell did you get in here?”

“You have a lot to learn” he told me.

“You need to learn to not be a creep.”

“Says the boy who turns up at someone else’s house unannounced.”

“Shut up” I told him. I refrained from swearing in shock as Leon’s property came into view. Flowers in bloom and swans on a crystal clear pond. A beautiful fountain with a stone, howling wolf atop it made the driveway. I let out a slow breath.

I parked the car and leant back in my seat. “You coming?” asked Azurel.

“I just need a minute” I told him.

“You’re not going to pass out again, are you?” he asked.

“No,” I told him, “Let’s go get this over with.”

“Take my hand” he told me.

I looked at him and he held out his hand. Hesitantly, I took it and it suddenly felt like I was in a tube full of pressure, being sucked through it, and then it stopped and I was no longer in my car. I was standing in a beautiful room with half wood and half wine-red walls, large bookcases stacked leather-bound books which I could smell. A fire crackled in the hearth. A small coffee table was surrounded by four chairs. A large window from ceiling to skirting board let in the light from outside and in front of the window was a desk with the chair turned so the occupant was looking out of the window.

“Leave us” said the easily recognisable voice. Azurel disappeared beside me with a small gust of air and then I was left alone as Leon spun around in his chair. “Devon, I should have known you’d turn up despite me telling you not to.”

“I need answers and I need help” I said. “I need support from someone who knows what they’re talking about.”

“And the Coven wouldn’t know what they were talking about?” he asked, a small smile on his lips.

“I’m not saying that,” I told him, “I’d just feel more comfortable if you were the one to help me.”

“If I help you, do you promise to do everything I say, to follow everything I teach?” he got up and approached me, “To cut contact from your old life and start anew? To take me as your Master and understand that you, are, my, student?”

We were face-to-face, our noses almost touching. I stared into the deepest, oldest, blue eyes, full of more wisdom than I could imagine and breathed, “Yes.”

He smiled and his fangs protruded from his bottom lip. He moved in, his body pressed against mine and his lips brushed my neck, “Shall we get started?”

FRASER’S STORY: PART THREE – “DEATH” – CHELSEA, LONDON, UK, 2014

My eyes fluttered open and the first thing I saw was Thom, shirtless, his hair impeccably neat, glasses perched on his nose as he read the Sunday morning paper with a raised eyebrow. He shook his head at whatever story he was reading and took a sip of tea from his steaming mug.

“Morning” I mumbled and he toasted me with his mug in reply. “Anything interesting?”

“War, corrupt politicians, murder, murder, murder, some child has gone missing, murder, someone’s robbed an old dear in London for her life savings in a scam, murder, murder, murder, that missing girl has been found dead, so, murder. Oh, but movement’s been made to legalise gay marriage, so, yay. No more civil partnership.”

I buried my face in my pillow, “Cheery Sunday reading.”

“I stay optimistic that the world will change, lover” he said, “One Sunday, I will open my paper and there will be nothing but news about the discovery of unicorns and a successful cure for cancer.”

I chuckled to myself and allowed his pale fingers to softly trace the tattoos that snuck onto my back as he read the rest of his paper. I lived for the simplicity of these Sunday mornings. And when he finished his paper, he folded it and placed it on his bedside table and lifted my arm so he could lie beneath it.

Our noses touching, I smiled. “I love you.”

“I love you too” he replied gently. “What have you turned me into, Fraser Cole?” he asked, brushing his finger across my lips. I raised my eyebrow in question and he continued, “Before you came along I was insane, dangerous and lonely. You cured me of all that just by showing up on my doorstep.”

“Can you believe it’s been six years?”

He shook his head. I pulled him in closer to me and he nuzzled my chest, burying his face in my thick chest hair. I kissed the top of his head, breathed in his scent with my eyes closed. My life had been bliss for six years. The events that created this paradise remained buried in the back of my mind. Something I thought about every day but never dwelled upon. Thom made a contented noise and his cool lips brushed the warm skin across my collar bone. His tongue pressed against my skin, taking in the feel of the blood pulsing beneath it. His hands roamed from my sides to my stomach and I leant my head back, giving him access to my neck. He pushed me onto my back and climbed on top of me.

The phone on the bedside table rang just as Thom was about to pierce my neck. He slowly turned his head to our telephone, “I wish I’d killed Bell, Gray and Meucci when I had the chance” he mumbled before grabbing the phone from its cradle. “This better be good.”

I ran my hands through my hair then stroked his thigh as his face grew from angry to impassive. He looked down at me and I frowned in question. I watched him swallow and then hand the phone to me. “It’s for you.”

I hoisted myself up on my elbows and took the phone from him. The minute he leaned forward and pressed his forehead against mine, I knew I wasn’t going to like what I was about to hear.

“Fraser?”

I felt tightness in my chest at the familiarity of the voice. “Dad?”

“Yes.”

“What’s wrong?” I asked. My voice sounded panicked and unfamiliar. The last time we’d spoken he’d tried to kill me. There was no reason for him to be ringing me or… How had he even gotten my number?

“It’s your mother. She’s dying.” He was silent for a moment, letting the words sink in and I started to feel numb. Thom shifted and pressed his face against my neck, his hand cradling my chin as he stroked my face with his hand. “She wants to see you.”

I nodded and cleared my throat, “Y-yeah. I’ll come home right away.”

“Good. We’ll see you soon.”

He hung up on me. The line was dead but there was still live energy buzzing around me. I was beginning to lose feeling in my entire face. “I’ll get us packed” mumbled Thom.

This was the Death of my freedom.



ENJOY THESE SHORT STORIES?

WANT MORE?

THE HUNTED

THE FIRST FULL LENGTH NOVEL IN THE ALPHAS WORLD WILL BE RELEASED SHORTLY.

KEEP READING FOR AN EXCLUSIVE EXCERPT.


‘LIKE’ US ON FACEBOOK FOR UPDATES, CHARACTER PROFILES, EXCERPTS, INTERVIEWS AND FUN AT 

www.facebook.com/TheAlphasSeries

Fraser

My eyes shot open and I was immediately aware that there was a fine mist of sweat on my body and my upper lip. I groaned and rolled over to where the light on the bedside table was on. Thom stood by the full-length mirror, his crisp white shirt stark in the low light, his black pinstripe waistcoat tight on his refined body.

I blinked my blurry eyes and noticed the blood on his hands. When he turned around, probably sensing the change in my heart rate and breathing, I saw the blood on his face and down the front of his shirt.

“What happened?” I asked, sitting up and rubbing my eyes. “Are you okay?”

“It’s not mine” he muttered, heading into the bathroom. The bed and breakfast room we were staying in was low-rent and grimy. I heard the bottoms of his shoes unstick from the floor with every step he took. The tap creaked and water began running.

“Well, whose is it?” I asked, throwing the yellowing covers back and getting out of bed. I leant against the doorframe, acutely aware I was half-naked and the frame was stained where I was pressing my skin.

“I needed to feed” he told me simply. I watched the blood run down the stained sink and whirl down the rusted sinkhole.

I felt an icy pit form in my stomach. I couldn’t raise my gaze to look at the back of his head. I stared at his hands as he wrung them clean under the lukewarm water. I saw deep-red stains on his cuffs and swallowed. “Lot of blood for a late-night snack” I whispered.

“I killed him accidentally. I got carried away.”

The silence that hung between us was heavy. I could feel the weight of it pressing down on me, suffocating me, pressuring my chest. I sucked in a breath and I watched him still at the sound. I let it out quietly and asked, “What did you do with the body?”

He turned the tap off and reached for the threadbare hand-towel on the rail beside the sink without turning, “I left him in his car where someone will find him and report it. I’m not a monster, Fraser.”

“Why were you in his car?” I asked. If I’d been in wolf form, my hackles would be raised.

“Because that’s where I found him” he told me sharply. He spun around and our eyes met. “Do you think I fucked him?”

I swallowed, “I didn’t say that.”

“You implied it” he said, his voice crisp. He took steps towards me and I refused to back down. That’s when I noticed his eyes. Usually a deliciously warm chocolate brown, they were almost black. His pupils had dilated to epic proportions with just a thin ring of brown. His fangs were still down and he hadn’t washed his face. I could smell the chilled scent of dead blood and something else.

“He was shooting up?” I asked, wrinkling my nose at the smell of heroin.

“Yes. He already had quite a significant amount in his bloodstream. When I found him, I thought he was asleep, but he was passed out, dying in the front seat. I finished the job. I was desperate.”

His voice was low, slightly menacing. I licked my lips and slid past him to get the hand-towel. I wet it under the tap then turned back to Thom who had frozen in place. I gently took his chin in my free hand and cleaned the blood from his face. His eyes closed at the contact and I let him enjoy it before speaking again.

“So, you’re high?” I asked him after I’d cleaned his face. He opened his eyes and nodded. “Why didn’t you just tell me you were hungry?”

“I fed from you last night, Fraser” he said. “I’ll kill you if I continue feeding from you.”

I tsk’d him gently and guided him back into the bedroom, switching the light off in the bathroom. I helped him undress, making a mental note to burn these clothes when I got the chance. I slid the bloodstained shirt from his cool skin and he began nuzzling my neck. I groaned and his slender fingers touched my skin elegantly.

“I didn’t mean to kill him” he whispered into my skin.

“I know” I told him. “I love you.”

“I love you, too.”


