The Flower And The Chain
Copyright 2015 Mike Kenny
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art and Interior Maps by Mike Kenny



Thank you to my family and friends who read the early drafts of this novel and offered constructive criticism.  In particular, thank you to Katrina Bloch for her helpful feedback.
Part One
Chapter One
Oakenfal

Captain Oskern leaned forward in his saddle and frowned as he looked through the dense wall of trees.   Heavy snow made the branches droop over his head, and his breath puffed out in a thin white cloud.  In the narrow mountain valley below, he made out the signs of an isolated village.  He had already lost count of how many different little villages they had encountered on their march west across the mountains, and it seemed like they ran into another one each passing day.  He had no idea so many outlanders lived this far from civilization.
He brushed snow from his mustache and bushy black beard and turned his head as someone came up beside him.  One of his squad leaders, a southerner named Horunus, rode his horse up to the edge of the snowy ridge.  The two men were visual opposites.  Oskern was broad and muscular, with thick black hair and a weathered, pockmarked complexion, while Horunus was almost feminine with his thin frame, long blonde hair, and smooth chin.  But they both wore the Imperial Emblem of King Karustra on their shoulder and both had served in the Grand Army for over a decade.  In fact, it was only a fluke that Oskern was the Captain and Horunus a squad leader.  Their circumstances could easily have been reversed.
"So, what do you think?" Horunus asked, gazing down into the valley.  They could see thin wisps of gray smoke emerging from the trees, and dark shapes that were probably wooden buildings on the outer edges of a narrow clearing.  There were no people to be seen yet, but the smoke was evidence that the village was not abandoned.
"I'm tired of this monotony," Oskern grumbled.  "All these mountain villages are the same, all the people are the same.  Let's just skip this one and keep heading west along the ridge."
"We're still weeks away from Bakk," Horunus reminded him.  "We might as well pick up some more supplies.  Give the men a short break from marching.  Maybe we'll find something worthwhile here."
"I doubt it," Oskern said.  "These mountain people are hearty, but they aren't fighters."
He took the reins and tapped his heels, and his horse shook itself and plodded forward.  He rode among the packed trees, his horse walking carefully through the snow so as not to get caught on a hidden root or animal burrow.  
There were no trails to follow this far into the Kavas Mountains, so the army was forced to march through pure wilderness, making their progress even slower.  That, combined with the snow and miserably cold weather, made the entire mission a long, drawn-out, painful endeavor.  They had set out from the Grand City of Samorath almost four months ago.  If Oskern had known ahead of time what a hassle this assignment would be, he might have turned it down.
Behind him and his squad leaders marched a regiment of 150 trained soldiers, recently graduated from the Grand Army Academy in Samorath.  In this frigid northern weather they were bundled up in heavy furs instead of wearing their normal armor, and they were armed with short swords, axes, bows, and the occasional heavy crossbow.  Most of them were from western and central Arvia, the regions of Thonelis and Aneshis.  The squad leaders and a few others rode horses, but the majority of them marched on foot.  
Behind the soldiers came mules and donkeys loaded down with supplies and rations.  There were cooks and servants with all their equipment, medics and physicians, priests of the Mother and Father in their red and blue scarves, assorted volunteers and other servants, and random camp followers.  And behind them marched almost five-hundred new recruits picked up from the other mountain villages they had passed through so far, increasing their total number to almost seven-hundred, a sizable army marching slowly through the wooded mountains.
Two other squad leaders, Jannick and Mardos, rode behind Oskern.  Normally, a Captain in the Grand Army would have at least one Sergeant under his command, but Oskern only had squad leaders until they reached Bakk, their destination on the western coast.
"Tell your archers to get ready," Oskern said to Mardos, pointing to a rocky outcropping up on a ledge on the outskirts of the village.  "If I give the signal, fire a few warning shots to let them know we mean business."
"Do you think that will be necessary?" Horunus asked casually, brushing snow from his sleeve.
"None of this is necessary," Oskern grunted as he nudged his horse forward.
In the back of his mind, however, he knew that was untrue.  Gathering new recruits and conscripting men to join the Grand Army was very necessary, even in distant locations like this.  The people in these isolated villages needed to know that they were still part of the Grand Empire, and sending a few of their young men to join the army every generation or so gave them a sense of unity with the rest of Arvia.  Recruiting men from these mountain communities also served a more practical purpose.  It allowed soldiers recruited from the local population to help defend their own land, and also lessened the need to conscript large numbers of men from the more densely-populated southern regions.  All these reasons, however, added up to very little when it meant an uncomfortable, months-long journey through the mountains.
They were noticed long before they reached the village.  Two children witnessed their procession through the trees and ran off to warn the others.  But Oskern did not intend to sneak up on them.  It was better to give the people there some time to prepare, and the manner in which they prepared would let him know how best to proceed.  Some of these distant villages had not seen outside contact in years, or possibly even decades.  They might think Oskern and his men were invaders of some kind and attempt to fight them.  If that was the case, he would not hesitate to burn the village to the ground if need be.
The village had no clear organization.  The houses were situated randomly around a central area with a large fire pit, beyond them sat some larger buildings, probably meal houses or food storage warehouses.  All of the buildings were crudely constructed from timbers with little real workmanship, and the doors and windows were covered in thick furs to keep out the cold.  The roofs were made of tightly wrapped branches, sagging with the weight of the snow piled on them.
Oskern rode his horse right into the center of the village, with Horunus riding to his right and Jannick to his left.  Each of them brought their squad of twelve soldiers coming up behind, for twenty-four men total.  The rest of the soldiers waited on the ridge outside the village, although they were all on guard as well.  
The odds of a village like this attempting an attack was very remote - as remote as the village itself - but it never hurt to be too careful.  Some of these isolated villages in the middle of nowhere bred distrust and paranoia, especially farther north on the other side of the mountain range, which was mostly lawless wasteland.
They waited for a few moments.  Oskern's breath billowed out like white steam, and his horse pawed the snowy ground impatiently.  He rubbed its mane with a gloved hand to calm it.
From the nearest building, a figure appeared.  He pushed aside the furs covering the doorway and tottered out into the open, leaning heavily on a walking stick.  He looked thin enough to snap in two in a strong breeze, and his tattered furs hung loosely on his frame.  He glowered at Oskern and his men, thin wisps of white hair clinging to his scalp, his wrinkled mouth clearly indicating that he was toothless as well as emaciated.
"Who are you?  Where do you come from?" the old man asked, glancing uncertainly at the group of soldiers behind the mounted men.
"What is the name of this place?" Oskern asked.
The man frowned and said, "Our village is called Oakenfal.  I am Wolner of family Karg.  Now who are you?"
Oskern leaned forward and gave the man a cold stare.  "I'm Oskern of family Corruth.  My men and I are representatives of the Great King Karustra.  This land is part of the Grand Empire of Arvia.  You are his subjects."
"I know of no King Karustra," Wolner said carefully.  "I know we do have a King, but his name is Haveros."
"Karustra is the son of the late King Haveros," Oskern said with a nod.  "Haveros has been dead for nine years."
"I am sorry.  The news had not reached us.  We are far from the capital."
"Yes, you are," Oskern agreed.
He dismounted and brushed snow off his black leather armor.  The old man watched warily as Oskern stepped forward, his hand firmly on the hilt of the sword at his hip.  He looked around the village, catching glimpses of people peeking out from windows, but so far no one else came out into the open, although Oskern was certain that all the houses were occupied.
"What do you want?" Wolner asked.  "We are loyal subjects.  Why should the King send armed men all the way to our little village?"
"My mission," Oskern said, "is to travel along the mountains and to stop at each village I find.  If you are the loyal subjects you claim to be, then you'll provide some supplies for my men, to aid our travels.  We're also seeking recruits to join King Karustra's Grand Army.  I've already stopped at many villages such as this.  They gave us the supplies we required and the men we asked for, and your village will do the same."
Wolner nodded and looked around, spreading his hands innocently.  "I am afraid that we have little to give.  The snows have been heavy this year, and hunting is not good.  We have already consumed most of our store of berries and grains from the summer season.  We have -"
Oskern leaned forward suddenly and grabbed the front of old man's furs, yanking him close so that they were almost face to face.  Wolner squeaked in fright, dropping his walking stick and holding up his hands in self defense.
"Listen to me, you old fool," Oskern growled.  "I'm in no mood for games.  I have men waiting for my signal, and if I give it they'll burn your stupid little village to the ground, do you understand me?  I'm not asking for anything, I'm telling you that I'm taking supplies, and I'm taking men.  If your people try to resist, then I'll order my men to attack."
"Okay, okay, okay," the old man said, shivering, waving his hands nervously.  "You don't have to do that, we'll cooperate."
"Tell your people to come outside.  And I mean all of them.  If we find a single person hiding from us, I'll have them killed."
Oskern let go and shoved Wolner away, knocking him to the ground.  The old man fumbled for his walking stick and got back to his feet, hands shaking uncontrollably.  He turned away and called out, "Everyone, come out!  Everyone, come outside right now!"
Horunus leaned over in his saddle and said, "Not fooling around today, are you?"
"I'm not in the mood to fool around," Oskern muttered.  He looked at Jannick and told him, "Go tell the archers to stand down.  Bring another squad back with you."
"Sure thing, boss," Jannick said, turning his horse to ride away.
From each house, people shuffled outside at the old man's call.  Like him, they were dressed in furs and crude leathers, and they eyed Oskern's men with suspicion and fear.  Men and women of all ages crowded out into the village square, along with young children and more elders.  Maybe a couple hundred people in all.
"Is this everyone?" Oskern asked, placing his hand back on his sword.
"I believe so," Wolner said quickly.  "I don't see anyone missing."
Horunus dismounted as well and walked forward, giving the crowded villagers a pleasant smile that hardly eased their fears.  The additional squad arrived and circled around the villagers, forcing them into a tighter huddle.  Parents held their children closer, and several of the women began to whimper in fear.
"Listen to me," Oskern said, his voice loud and clear.  "Under the authority of the Great King Karustra, to whom you all owe your allegiance, I'm here to take provisions and supplies.  What you see here is only a small part of my entire force.  I have no desire to commit violence, but I have no great compunction against it either.  If anyone here attempts to resist me or disobey me, I'll have them killed.  Is that understood?"
The villagers nodded and murmured their agreement, most of them refusing to look directly at him or the soldiers.  
Horunus walked over to Wolner and put a friendly hand on the old man's trembling shoulder.  "Please be so kind as to show me where you store your food, good sir.  We'll need a portion of whatever salted meat you have, whether fish or venison, along with dried fruit or berries, if you have any.  Any cheese would also be nice, although I doubt you have much of that.  Oh, and we'll take any fermented drinks you have, whether it is mead or beer, or what have you."
Wolner nodded dejectedly.  "Yes, yes of course."
Horunus had the ability to be extremely charming and friendly when he wanted to be, which was perhaps why he had chosen to remain a squad leader.  Captains could not afford to be friendly with anyone.  Besides, Horunus could play the nice soldier while Oskern played the mean one, which suited them both just fine.  "I promise that we'll only take what you can afford to lose.  Well, maybe a little more than that, but not much."
As they walked off, Oskern stepped forward and faced the crowd.  He waved off his men, who retreated back a bit, giving the villagers a bit more breathing room.  Among them he saw some burly-looking men and scrawny women, and a bunch of dirty children.  They were dressed in furs from head to toe, like most northerners, making it hard to tell how healthy they were.  But at first glance, they didn't seem to be too malnourished or sickly, like some of the other villages he had seen.   Maybe he'd find some decent recruits here.
He let the crowd relax for another few moments before speaking again, his voice carrying across the entire village.  "We have also come here to recruit men to join King Karustra's Grand Army," he said.  "I want all the men of fighting age to come forward."
The crowd rustled nervously, but no one came forward.
"Now!" Oskern bellowed.
Immediately, several men stepped to the front, and gradually the rest of them came forward as well, although more reluctantly.  Oskern's soldiers watched the crowd closely to make sure that none of the men stayed back, but he suspected that they would do as they were told out of fear, if nothing else.
There were about sixty men, ranging in age from late teens to perhaps early forties.  A few of them seemed older than Oskern, so he disregarded them.  Taking old men as recruits served no purpose.  By the time they were fully trained, they'd be too old to fight.  Instead, he focused his interest on the younger men.
"I intend to take some of you," he said, watching their faces.  "If I have to take you by force, I will do it.  However, if enough men volunteer to join us, then I won't have to.  I would prefer not to separate men from their families."
No one volunteered, but Oskern did not expect anyone to right away.  Even those who were interested might be unwilling to declare it under the watchful gaze of the rest of their village.  But watching their faces, he saw some of their eyes light up at the thought of joining the army.  In all villages like this, there were at least a few young men who didn't look forward to a lifetime hunting deer or fishing, or being stuck marrying whatever woman just happened to be the same age they were.
Oskern had been such a man, once upon a time.  He joined the Grand Army when he was seventeen, as an easy way to escape the boredom and monotony of his own home village on the coast of Ronaris, far to the east.  There were surely some men in this village who desired the adventure and excitement of a life in the military.
"What about you?" he asked one of the men standing in front.  He was a tall, muscular youth, perhaps twenty years old, with shaggy blonde hair.
The young man swallowed nervously.  "I have a wife and a child," the man said softly, averting his gaze.  "I don't want to leave them."
"Of course you don't," Oskern said.  He folded his hands behind his back and walked slowly down the line, studying each of the men in turn.  Most of them were decent candidates, which was a change of pace from most of the villages in this region, which seemed to breed nothing but weaklings and mindless oafs.  Some of the recruits they had already taken would probably be good for nothing but working in the kitchens or sweeping floors.
One of the men looked at him eagerly, and Oskern took a good look at him.  He was perhaps twenty-five, probably younger, with dark hair and a thin beard.  "What about you?  Are you interested in being a soldier?"
The man hesitated, and then nodded slightly.  "I think I would be honored, sir."
"Do you have a wife and a child like the other one?"
"No, sir.  I have no family.  My parents are dead."
"What is your name?"
"Nellan, sir.  Nellan of family Karn."
Oskern slapped him on the shoulder.  "Well, Nellan, welcome to the Grand Army of the Great King Karustra.  Head on back there, my men will show you where to go."
Nellan glanced back at the other villagers, and then ran off where Oskern had pointed.  He ran as if trying to escape from a wild bear.  Oskern grinned and rubbed his mustache to hide it.
"Okay, there's one," he said.  "Who wants to join him?"  He caught movement in the crowd and walked over to see another young man raising his hand slightly.  He was younger than the others, perhaps only sixteen or so, but was tall for his age, with shaggy, light brown hair and bright, youthful eyes.  The expression on his face was one that Oskern knew well.
"You want to join us?" Oskern asked.  "Are you sure?"
The young man nodded.  "Yes, I think I do."
"What's your name."
"Aldus of family Brom."
A woman cried out from the crowd.  "Aldus!  No!"  She tried to fight her way forward, but the other villagers wisely held her back.  "No, please!  Aldus, don't!"
"I'm sorry, mother," Aldus said, not turning to look.  "But I don't want to stay here."
"No!" the woman sobbed, falling into the arms of one of the other villagers, while those around tried to console her.  Aldus did not seem too concerned, which brought another grin to Oskern's lips.  Perhaps coming to this village had not been a bad idea after all.
"Welcome, Aldus," he said.  "Go on.  My men will show you where to go."
"Thank you, sir."  He didn't look back as he walked off toward the soldiers.
"That's two," Oskern said with a satisfied nod.  "I think I would like one more volunteer.  I don't think the loss of three men would cause too much hardship for your village."
Horunus appeared and walked over to him.  "The village elder wasn't lying about their food stores being low, but I think we can manage.  We're taking a share of their salted meat and fish.  They also have a lot of spare furs and animal skins.  I figure we can take them to sell on the coast to supplement our income."
"Go ahead and take them, then."
"There is one other thing," Horunus said, his voice dropping low.
"What?"
Horunus looked into the crowd.  "It can wait until you're done here.  Once you pick the new men, come and find me.  I'll be with the packs.  I want your opinion on something."
Horunus headed off to help supervise the loading of the new supplies, and Oskern turned to face the crowd once more.  Now that two men had volunteered of their own free will, and Oskern's men had only taken a small portion of the village's food, as promised, the crowd relaxed a little bit.
"Well?" he said.  "Any other volunteers?"
No one said anything, so Oskern walked up to the tallest, strongest-looking man in the crowd, a muscular brute with wide shoulders, deep set eyes, and scraggly blonde hair.  The man shied away from Oskern when he stopped in front of him.
"You're a strong one.  You look like you'd make a good soldier."
The man looked around nervously and shook his head.  "No, no.  Don't want to go."
"He's a simpleton," someone nearby said.
Oskern nodded and stepped away.  Now that the big man had spoken, he could see for himself that he would be no good as a soldier.  He was big and strong enough to make a fearsome brawler, but he could never be properly trained as a soldier, and Oskern wasn't in the business of keeping watch over a grown man with the mind of a child.
Wolner came up beside him and said, "Uh, General, sir?"
"Captain."
"Captain, yes.  Perhaps I could help you choose someone?"
Oskern eyed him and pursed his lips, thinking it over.  The old man was either trying to get rid of a village troublemaker or a weakling who couldn't help the community.  A weakling would be no good, but Oskern knew that village troublemakers sometimes made the best soldiers, as long as they could adapt to military discipline.
"Fine," he said.  "Who would you like me to take?"
Wolner gestured toward the other end of the crowd.  "The one on the end, with the black hair," he said in a soft tone.  "His wife died last summer.  He's not happy here.  Perhaps he can be happy somewhere else."
Oskern walked over to him.  The man stared back when he approached and then looked away.  He was thin and pale, with long black hair he didn't bother to comb.  But he looked strong, and had a determined look in his dark eyes that Oskern recognized and respected.
"How about you?"
"No, thank you," the man grumbled through clenched teeth.
"You sure about that?"
"Yes."
"Your village elder says you aren't happy here."
"I don't think he knows anything about me," the man snapped.
Wolner looked at Oskern expectantly, rubbing his hands together.  He then tilted his head and glanced back at the crowd of other villagers.  Oskern followed his gaze and saw that the people were all watching interestedly.  None of them seemed worried or unhappy about the man's future, and in fact, some of the women seemed hopeful.  They noticed Oskern watching them and nodded quickly, waving their hands in a pushing away gesture.
They wanted him gone.
"Are you sure?" Oskern asked Wolner.
"Yes," he replied.
"No!" the dark-haired man shouted defiantly, stepping back.  "Get away from me!  I'm not joining this band of marauders!"
Oskern reached for him, but the man slapped his hand away.  A moment later he was on his back, blood spilling from his nose.  He rolled into his side, groaning in pain, raising his hands to his face.  Blood spattered onto the snow.
Oskern rubbed his fist and glared down at the fallen man as the rest of them scrambled back and out of the way.  He motioned for two soldiers to come forward, and they grabbed the man off the ground, hauling him up.  He kicked his feet and struggled in their grasp, screaming as they dragged him away.
"Let me go!  Damn you!  I hope you all starve!  I hope they kill you all!"
When he was gone, Wolner breathed a sigh of relief.  "Thank you for that.  The poor man's  name is Polus of family Rosk.  I'm afraid that he was no good here.  Maybe you can make a good man out of him."
"You said his wife died?"
"In childbirth.  The child died as well.  Ever since, he has hated the rest of the village and the entire world, I think.  He even cursed the Mother and Father and refuses to pray anymore."
"Hate can be a useful motivator," Oskern said.  "I don't think I can make him into a good man, but I can make him into a good soldier.  That's all I require."
"You don't need anything else from us, then?"
Oskern shook his head and turned to walk back to his horse.  "As I said, we're here for provisions and for new recruits.  We've taken both, so that's all we need."
He brushed snow from the saddle and then mounted his horse, clearing his throat and looking across the village.  The men had already returned to the rest of the crowd and now they all looked out at Oskern's men, unsure what to expect next.  
"When I return to Samorath and speak with the King, I'll inform him that your village of Oakenfal has done its duty and fulfilled its obligations to the Grand Empire.  Thank you for the food and supplies.  Your men that I've recruited will become soldiers in the Grand Army.  You may be proud in the knowledge that they'll help defend our empire from invaders and conquerors."
Oskern didn't expect to return to Samorath any time in the next decade, so that part of his little speech was empty words.  But the rest of it was true enough, and it made the villagers feel better.  He turned his horse and ordered his men to return back to the top of the ridge and prepare to move out.  Some grumbled or muttered under their breath, but they began their walk back up the ridge, leaving the village behind them.
One of the mounted soldiers said, "Captain, aren't we going to camp here for the night?"
"It's still early," Oskern said.  "We can get a few more miles before night falls.  We'll camp later."
"Okay.  It's just that ..." the soldier shrugged and nudged his shoulder in the direction of the villagers.  "There's women here.  Some of the men might enjoy spending the night."
Oskern just shook his head.  "I don't want to waste any time.  If we leave now, we might arrive in Bakk one day sooner than if we stayed.  And I want to get there as soon as possible."
"Yes, Captain."
Wolner came forward again, watching the soldiers depart with an almost surprised expression on his face.
"You are leaving, then?"
"Yes, as soon as we can.  How close is the nearest village to the west of here?"
"There's a small fishing village perhaps two days away.  There's a lake called Tamenta, the village is very close by there."
"Is there any road in that direction?"
"No, but if you stay to the top of the hills, you should see the lake easily."
Some servants and soldiers came down into the village to collect the remaining packs of food.  Once they were loaded up, Oskern intended to leave immediately.  Although he shared the soldier's desire to spend the night.  The villagers here seemed docile enough, and they had a large fire pit already made.  Spending the evening by a roaring bonfire with a mug of beer would soothe his worn nerves, and perhaps some of the women here would be willing bed mates.  The idea was tempting, but he couldn't justify wasting the whole day.  If only they had arrived closer to sunset.
"Stay here," he said to his men.  He rode back up to the ridge to find Horunus.
At the rear of the traveling army, the new arrivals were given their instructions.  Two mounted soldiers rode along with the foot soldiers and new recruits, to make sure no one fell behind or tried to escape.  Some of the new recruits carried packs or bags with their personal belongings, but others joined up with just the clothing on their backs.  They all greeted Oskern formally, not yet familiar enough with their commander to be friendly.  Oskern remembered very few of their names, but some of the faces were becoming familiar.  He would get to know them all better once they arrived in Bakk and began their training.
Once he was satisfied that the men were ready to get moving, he rode up the line until he found Horunus supervising the workers tying down the new packs and the furs they had taken.  Horunus saw him coming and walked a few paces away from the others.
"What's so important?" Oskern asked.  "If you're done stowing the supplies, I want to get going again."
"In a minute," Horunus said.  "Do you remember when Oalun first gave us this assignment?  Do you remember what he told us?"
"Sure I do," Oskern said, not sure what Horunus was getting at.  "Our orders are to travel the mountains, recruit new soldiers, and report to Bakk.  We're also supposed to be updating our maps and that sort of thing.  I suppose we haven't been doing a good job at that."
"You're forgetting something," Horunus said.  "Remember that bit about the King's Grand Harem?  We're supposed to be on the look out for girls to send to the King."
Oskern chuckled.  "Yeah, I guess I remember that.  Why, have you found someone?"
"You could say that.  There's a girl down in that village who might be the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life."
"Really?  Well, that means a lot, coming from you.  You've probably slept with half the whores in Sweet Harbor."
"More than half," Horunus said with a shrug.  "But this girl beats them all.  Most of these mountain women are too hardy, too masculine.  But this girl's different.  I think we should go down and see her, maybe you could give me your opinion."
"It's probably not worth the trouble," Oskern said, rubbing his beard.  "But didn't Oalun mention something about a reward for whoever finds the most beautiful woman in the entire empire?"
"Indeed he did," Horunus said, giving Oskern a sly smile.  "I thought you might remember that part."
"Fine, then.  Let's head back down and see about this girl of yours.  If you say she's beautiful, then I'll have to trust your judgment."
First, they had to make sure the marching column was ready.  Once all the packs were stored and everything was in order, Oskern returned to the front of the line and informed his men that they were ready to move out.
"Continue along this ridge," Oskern ordered.  "Horunus and I are going back for just a few minutes.  We'll catch up with you before you reach the next valley."
He left Jannick at the front of the column.  Jannick was a lean, wiry man with dark eyes and black hair, but he always had a relaxed smile on his face.  "Yes, sir.  I promise not to screw anything up in the next few minutes."
"Don't make promises you can't keep," Oskern said.
The mounted soldiers in the front of the traveling party shouted the orders back down the line, and soon they all started moving forward.  Oskern and Horunus rode back down into the village, where most of the villagers had returned to life as normal.  When they saw them coming, a few ran and hid again, but most of the villagers stood around, watching them closely.  Wolner was one of them, and he shuffled forward, leaning on his stick.
"What is it now?  I thought you said you were done here."
"Not quite yet," Horunus said pleasantly.  Since this was his idea, Oskern let him do the talking.  "There was a young girl I saw earlier, I need you to take us to her.  She's about as tall as my shoulders, fifteen or sixteen years old if my guess is right.  She has long brown hair.  She's thin and quite beautiful.  I'm sure you know who I'm talking about."
Wolner swallowed nervously, the ball of his throat bobbing up and down.  "And why do you need to see her?"
"We'd like to talk to her.  That's all."
"Just tell us where she is, old man," Oskern grumbled.  "My men are already marching away from this place, but if you like I can go order them to come back down here."
"No, don't do that," Wolner replied hastily.  "Come with me, I'll take you to her."
Oskern and Horunus dismounted and followed after him as he plodded slowly through the village to one of the smaller houses on the far side.  It was a small structure, indistinguishable from the others, with four uneven walls and a roof composed of branches, heavily laden with snow except for an open spot in the center where smoke drifted from.  As they approached, the old man deliberately tapped the base of his walking stick against some exposed rocks, which Oskern assumed was meant as some kind of warning, but he let it pass.
The furs hanging across the doorway shifted to the side, and a man emerged from inside the hut, looking at Oskern and Horunus suspiciously.  He had a scraggly brown beard and fair complexion, and looked like he might be able to handle himself in a fight.  To discourage such action, Oskern set his hand firmly on the handle of his sword and let it remain there.
"Rolan," Wolner said, raising his hand.  "These men want to talk to your daughter."
"Why?" the man snapped.
"We have a proposal for her," Horunus said smoothly.  "We mean her no harm, I can assure you.  We just wish to talk to her."
"Well, you can't talk to her," the man replied forcefully, glaring at them.
"Rolan ..." Wolner hissed.
Oskern pulled his blade free and stomped forward, causing Rolan to stumble backwards, holding his hands out in front of him.  Oskern slashed his sword through the cold air, making an audible whipping sound.  The man's defiant posture melted away and he fell into the snow, cowering in fear.  Oskern had no interest in killing an unarmed man, but the threat of violence had the desired effect.  Wolner hurried away and wisely retreated back into the village.
"Stop, please!" a woman cried, rushing out of the hut.  Oskern guessed that she was about the same age he was, but she looked younger.  She wore a form-fitting gray fur jacket and faded leather pants, and her blonde-brown hair was uncombed and pulled behind her head.  She clasped her hands in front of her, looking anxiously down at the man on the ground.
"We just want to talk," Horunus repeated, giving the woman a tired look.
She sighed and reached back to the furs hanging over the door.  "Come outside, dear," she said meekly.  "It will be okay."
Oskern stepped back and slid his sword back into its scabbard, snapping the handle down with a loud click.  He glanced at Horunus and shook his head briefly, but Horunus merely grinned and gestured toward the hut as a young woman came outside and walked into the open.
Oskern studied her closely and had to admit that she was quite pretty, but he personally liked women with more meat on their bones.  The girl was thin but well-built, even though her form was hidden underneath her furs.  She had the same soft, pale skin as her parents, with long, straight brown hair and a pretty face with full lips and a small, petite nose.  Her eyes, however, were her most striking feature, and shone a bright green, almost turquoise, with flecks of gold.  
"Well," he said to Horunus.  "This was your idea."
Horunus approached the girl and gave her a short, polite bow.  "It's a pleasure to meet you.  May I ask you for your name?"
The girl pursed her lips and glanced at her father, who still lie on the ground.  He nodded quickly and stared back up at the others.
"Alona," she said in a soft, sweet voice.  "Of family Gren."
"My name is Horunus of family Elarion, and my commander over there is Oskern of family Corruth.  You may know that we've both come from the capital in Samorath.  I would like to give you a proposal, Alona."
"Okay," she said warily, glancing back and forth between the two of them.
The longer Oskern watched her, the more he began to agree with Horunus.  The girl was quite beautiful indeed, and her voice was sweet as well, even though she'd only spoken five words to them so far.  She probably had a lovely singing voice.  But her beauty was highlighted by her swift and graceful movements, the flick of her wrist, the gentle turn of her head.  Oskern could sense it in her posture, the way she carried herself.  She wasn't exactly his type, but he believed she would fit in very well at the King's Grand Harem.
"How would you like to come to Samorath?" Horunus asked.  "It's the most beautiful city in all the world, I promise you.  You have not lived until you've walked down the Grand Boulevard to see the Grand Palace of the King.  If you want, we can take you there and you could live in the Grand Palace itself.  You'd be treated like a princess, you'd have servants waiting on you hand and foot for the rest of your life."
"What are you talking about?" Alona whispered, her eyes glittering.
Her father, Rolan, got to his feet and nervously brushed snow from his knees.  "No, don't listen to these men.  They just want to take you away, they want to force you to join their army as a serving girl or something even worse."
Horunus continued as if he hadn't even been interrupted.  "You might not know it, but you are a very beautiful young woman.  The most beautiful women in all the world live with the Great King Karustra in the Grand Palace, and I believe you should join them.  I'm offering you an opportunity to leave this little village and live like a princess.  The chance of a lifetime, Alona."
Rolan walked up behind her and held her shoulder possessively.  Alona's mother crept forward a few steps, her eyes flicking back and forth between Horunus and Alona.  She was left speechless, and when her husband tried to get her attention, she just shook him off impatiently.
"But what for?" Alona asked.  "Why would they let me live there?   Just because I'm pretty?"
"You would be given a place in the King's Grand Harem," Horunus explained.  "Clothed in the finest silks, adorned with diamonds and golden jewelry.  You would be viewed as one of the most beautiful women in the world, Alona."
"A harem?" her father spat.  "She would be a slave, nothing more than a whore for the King to take whenever he wishes."
"Would you deny the King his rights?" Horunus asked.
"Of course not," her father snapped, "but he can have his rights with someone else's daughter, not mine.  Her place is here with her family, not painted up like a piece of property in some city a thousand miles away."
"Dad ..." Alona whispered.
"No," he said, "I'm not letting you become a whore for the King.  I don't care what these men say, they're lying to you.  You'll be nothing but a servant yourself, subject to the whims of the King, you won't be a princess, you'll be a slave."
"It's your choice, of course," Horunus said, taking a slight step back.  "It's for you to decide, but decide fast.  We must be going soon."
"But I can't ..."
"I'm giving you an opportunity that very few people ever get, the chance to change your life forever.  The chance to become a princess."  Horunus shrugged and looked around at the trees and snow-covered huts.  "This seems like a nice village.  Perhaps you'll be happy spending your entire life here, marrying some local boy and having his children.  And perhaps you'll always dream of the chance that you had and passed up.  But maybe not."
Alona looked indecisively at her parents and shook her head.  Her eyes shone with tears as her confusion began to get the best of her.  Her mother said nothing and just stared at them, watching the scene unfold.  She looked either either terrified to see her daughter go, or maybe terrified to see her stay, Oskern couldn't tell.  Rolan held fast, keeping his hand firmly on her arm.
"That is not the life for you," he urged.  "If you go with them, you'll become a slave, you'll be even worse than a slave.  You must not go!"
Oskern spied people peeking out of windows and sneaking up from the village to watch them arguing.  About thirty people crept around to see what was happening, a few of them young women like Alona, although none of them as pretty as she was.  Oskern looked at them and saw their jealousy, and it almost made him smile.  He wondered if they'd be happy to see Alona go, since a woman as beautiful as her would be stiff competition in a small community like this when it came time to find a husband.
"Come on," Oskern grumbled loudly.  "Let's get out of here.  Let the girl stay here if she wants."
Horunus frowned and then gave an indifferent shrug.  "Well, it's been nice talking to you, Alona.  I wish you a happy life."  He bowed once more and the two of them began to walk away.
"Don't walk too fast," he said in a low voice.  "I have a feeling she'll be joining us shortly."
"That was a nice little speech you gave, by the way," Oskern commented.  "You almost had me wishing that I could join the harem myself."
Behind them, Oskern could hear the girl's father yelling, "No!  Listen to me!"
"I don't have to listen to you!" Alona cried.  "I'm not a little girl!"
Oskern could not stop himself from laughing, although he kept it quiet.  He had to hand it to Horunus for painting such a tempting picture of Samorath and pulling on the desires that any young woman would naturally have.  Anyone would have immediately fallen under his sway, dreaming of wealth and comfort and admiration.  Horunus didn't even have to stretch the truth very much, which is why Oskern agreed to this in the first place.  To join the King's Harem was an honor for any woman, that much was true, and Alona would certainly be better off there than in this tiny village out in the middle of nowhere.
"Would you abandon your family?  Would you abandon your mother?"
"I can have a better life than this!  I can be someone special!"
"This is your home!  This is your life!"
"Get your hands off me!  I can make my own decisions!"
"Alona, come back here!"
Horunus held out his arm to stop Oskern, and the two of them turned to see Alona running towards them.  Behind her, Rolan tried to chase her down but gave up half way there and just stood, defeated, his shoulders slumped.  He looked in dismay as his daughter ran out of his life.  Alona's  mother buried her face in her hands and ran into their house.
"Will I really be treated like a princess?" Alona demanded, brushing her hair away from her face, panting for breath.  Somehow, it made her look even more beautiful.  There was a fire there, an intensity that Oskern found intoxicating.  "My father says that the women in a harem are nothing but whores, is that true?"
Horunus smiled openly.  "The women who are chosen for the King's Harem are like his wives, except that they have no political power like the Queen does.  They are his friends, his confidants, and yes, also his servants and his lovers.  But they also have servants of their own, and they are treated to a life of luxury.  This I promise you."
The girl stared at Oskern, as if trying to read his mind.  "You're the one in charge here, aren't you?  I want you to promise me that what he said is true."
Oskern liked that, and he glanced at Horunus.  She might be young and inexperienced, and caught up in the thrill of this new opportunity, but she wasn't stupid.  Horunus had spoken so sweetly that she didn't trust him.
"He's telling you the truth," Oskern said.  "If I was you, I'd jump at the chance to go to Samorath and live in the Grand Palace.  Very few women ever get a chance for something like that."
Alona only took a moment to make up her mind.  "Then I accept your offer.  I'll go with you."
Horunus clapped his hands.  "Wonderful!  You won't regret it."
She glanced briefly over her shoulder, but her father would not meet her gaze.  He turned and walked silently back to their home, and Alona let out one short, sad breath before turning back to Oskern and Horunus.  "Can we leave right now?"
"Absolutely," Oskern said.  "You don't have anything you wish to bring with you?"
"I don't own anything," Alona said, shaking her head.
"Then let's not waste any more time."
They walked back to the center of the village, and Oskern hauled himself up onto his horse.  Wolner was there, watching them carefully, but he said nothing.   Horunus mounted his own horse and held out his hand for Alona.  He pulled her up easily and swung her around so she could sit behind him.  She tried to sit upright but had trouble keeping her balance.
"Hold onto me if you like," Horunus said with a grin.
"Alona, my dear," Wolner said tentatively.  "You ? you're going with them too?"
The girl nodded, her eyes sparkling with emotion.  She opened her mouth to speak, but seemed at a loss for words.  She cleared her throat and then nodded again, looking down, unable to meet his gaze.  "Yes, I am," she said simply, putting her hands on the back of Horunus' belt to hold herself steady.
 Horunus gave Wolner another friendly smile as he turned his horse around.  "Don't worry, I promise that she'll be well taken care of.  She's on her way to live in the capital.  You should be proud of her."
Oskern tapped his heels into his steed and rode out of the village without another word, and Horunus soon followed.  They had already stayed longer than Oskern would have wished, but the village hadn't been a complete waste of time, so he felt in a reasonably good mood.  With any luck, they would make a few more miles before it was time to set up camp again.  Their ultimate destination at Bakk was still quite a distance away, and despite their unexpected good fortune in this village, Oskern was still eager to get there as soon as humanly possible.
He did turn in the saddle to glance back at the girl as she rode with Horunus, just out of curiosity.  He expected her to be looking back at her home as they departed, but she was looking straight ahead, her eyes wide and a hopeful expression on her young face.  She had the right attitude, he thought.  The village was in her past now, and it was time for her to look to the future.
They headed up the ridge, leaving the small village of Oakenfal behind them.
Chapter Two
Alona

Alona had only ever seen horses a few times in her life, and she had never ridden one.  As the animal moved and climbed up the snowy incline, she had to wrap her arms around the man named Horunus just to keep her balance.  She felt the powerful muscles in the horse's back as it walked up the hill, and it felt like sitting upon a rippling, moving seat that kept trying to slide her off.  Her feet dangled off the sides of the horse, since she had no stirrups to help her keep upright, and she held onto Horunus very carefully, feeling awkward about it, although he didn't seem to mind.
Already Oakenfal was out of view behind them, and she resisted the urge to look back at the only home she had ever known.  If she looked back now, she might lose her nerve.  If she changed her mind now and ran back home, her father would never let her forget it.  He would take too much pleasure in reminding her that she had wanted to run away and be a whore for the King.  Everyone in the village would know about it soon enough, and that was more than enough reason for her to stick with the decision she had made.
Maybe her mother would understand.  Some of the other girls would have done the same, Alona was sure of that.  But the men would never understand.  Not her father, not old man Wolner, not Bertall or Rendick or Jasson or any of the others.  They wouldn't see what an incredible opportunity it was, and how she'd have been a fool to turn it down.  All they would think was that she was going off to join a harem and that somehow made it wrong.
Horunus called up to Captain Oskern.  "Who's going to take her back to Samorath?  I hope you don't expect me to do it."
"Of course not," the bearded Captain replied.
"How far away is the capital?" Alona asked.
"Quite a ways from here, I'm afraid," Horunus said.  "Probably about twelve days by the quickest route.  We'll have some of our men take you there."
"And then what?  I mean, are they going to take me to see the King himself?"
"That's the plan."
Up ahead, Alona could see the long line of men marching through the woods.  She was shocked at how many there were.  The line of marching soldiers clomping slowly through the snow stretched all the way across the top of the ridge, and she could not even see the end of it.  There were many more soldiers on horseback, as well as other horses loaded with bags, packs, and supplies.  Before Alona could get a good look at the people trudging their way through the forest, Horunus kicked his horse into a steady trot, and she had to hold onto him even tighter to keep from bouncing off the horse's back.
Captain Oskern went off ahead while Horunus rode up next to one of the supply animals and began riffling through packs.  Alona tried to remain hidden behind him as the others marched by, just in case anyone from her village walked past.  She didn't want Nellan or Aldus to see her.  Not that it really mattered, as she wasn't very good friends with them anyway.  She just felt nervous about them seeing her.
"Here we go," Horunus said.  He tucked a waterskin and some pieces of hard bread into a small cloth bag and twisted in the saddle to hand it to her.  "Let's get you a blanket or two as well."
By the time he had scrounged some thick fur blankets from one of the other supply horses, Oskern had returned with two other soldiers, both of them on horseback as well.  
"Who's that?" one of the men said with a smile.  "Got yourself a wife, blondie?"
"I'm afraid not.  This lovely young lady is named Alona of family Gren," Horunus said.  He gestured to the two soldiers.  "My dear, I'd like you to meet Dashelus of family Lasarion and Konry of family Darrus"
"Pleased to meet you," the man named Konry said with a short bow.  He had a soft, almost childlike face with smooth cheeks and a tangle of light brown hair on his head.  He almost looked too innocent to be a soldier, although the sword and axe hanging from his saddle said otherwise.  The other soldier, Dashelus, was taller and more imposing, with dirty blonde hair and a scruffy beard on his strong chin.  He had a sturdy bow across his chest, and a quiver of arrows sticking from his saddle.  Alona gave both of them a short wave but was too nervous to say anything.
"All right," Oskern said.  "Here's what's going on.  I want you two to take Alona here back to Samorath.  Take her right to the Grand Palace and find Oalun.  You know, one of the Administrators?  The tall one with the bald head."
"I know who he is," Dashelus said.  "You want us to go all the way back to the Grand Palace?   You know that's going to take awhile."
"I know.  Take her there, talk to Oalun, and then head straight to Bakk as soon as you can.  You might even get there before we do at the rate we're going."
"Yes, sir.  If that's what you want."
Oskern nodded gruffly, expecting no less from his men, and rode his horse over to Alona.  He stuck out his hand.  "It's been a pleasure meeting you.  I doubt we'll ever meet again, but perhaps we will."
"Thank you," Alona said.  Her tiny hand was engulfed in his thick leather glove as they shook hands.
It took some unsteady maneuvering, but she managed to climb from one horse to another, taking a seat behind Konry.  He looked over his shoulder and gave her a friendly little smile.  "Don't worry, little lady, I won't let you fall off."
"All right," Horunus said, handing her bag to Dashelus.  "You have a good trip, my dear.  These fine young men will take care of you.  Don't worry,  you can trust them."
Alona nodded.  "Thank you again.  I won't forget you."
"I'm sure you will," Horunus said with a laugh.
"All right, get to it," Oskern said.  "Hopefully we'll see you in Bakk in less than a month.  Try not to get into any trouble on the way."
"Yes, sir," Konry said.
As they headed off, Alona put her arms around Konry and cast one more glance at the receding line of soldiers.  Horunus waved at her and she waved back, wondering if she would ever see him again, and determined to remember him despite his belief otherwise.
They rode through the trees for a little while until the ground sloped downward, leading into the pine valley just south of the village.  Alona looked up at the trees and the bits of loose snow blowing from their branches.  She understood that the southern lands didn't have such towering trees, and wondered if she would see anything like her homeland again.  All of the little things she was abandoning forever added up in her mind.
Her parents, her friends, her home.  That was all gone now.  But once they finished their journey south, there were a thousand other things she realized that she would lose.  She might never again feel the touch snow on her skin, she would never have the chance to run out across a frozen pond, or climb a tree like these, or even experience the simple joys like sitting around the fire pit at night and telling stories.  The entirely of her decision began to weigh her down.
"We don't know this area at all," Konry said casually as they rode through the trees.  "So you're going to have to give us some directions.  Right now we're just heading due south.  If we keep going this way, are we going to run into a ravine or a cliff or anything to block our path?"
"Um, I don't think so," Alona said.  
"You're not sure?"
"I've never ? I mean, I haven't really traveled that far from the village before."
Dashelus, riding a few paces behind them, said, "Don't worry about it, Kon.  We're not in any hurry.  If we run into something, we'll just go around it.  Once we get to the edge of the hills it will be easy to reach the river."
"Fair enough," Konry shrugged.  "So what's this all about, anyway?  The Captain didn't tell us why we're taking you all the way to the capital."
"I'm going there," said said lamely, unsure how to explain to these men that she had just met.  "They said I could meet the King himself, and ? I could stay there."
"Really, now?"
"Don't embarrass the poor girl," Dashelus said.  "He's just messing with you, honey.  The Captain didn't tell us anything, but I think we can figure it out on our own."
"Oh, okay," Alona said softly.
"You must be pretty excited about getting to go all the way to Samorath."
"Yes, I am.  Is it as incredible as they told me?"
Konry nodded eagerly.  "It's the most amazing city in the world, and that's the truth.  I'll be glad to head back, to be honest.  I guess I should thank you for wanting to go.  I'd rather go back there than travel through this forest for another couple weeks."
"On the way back, we'll skip the mountains entirely," Dashelus said.  "We can just follow the river all the way to Bakk."
"You know," Konry said, glancing over his shoulder at her.  "I didn't even know that anybody lived up here in the mountains.  I can't believe how many villages we've seen.  How do you people survive up here in the winter?"
"Well, we hunt and fish, like everyone else does.  Even in the winter there are some plants and roots that we can eat.  We usually don't have too many problems feeding ourselves, unless the snow comes early and we aren't prepared for it."
They led their horses through a dense copse of trees and past some rocky boulders as they continued to head downhill.  They followed a frozen creek for a little while and then crossed over it when it became narrow enough for the horses to hop over to the other side.  Ahead of them there were miles of tall trees.  
The creek marked the farthest that Alona had ever been from the village.  Now that they were past it, she was in unfamiliar territory, and had no idea what lay beyond.  She kept her gaze firmly ahead, determined not to look back.
"Your family must have been pretty upset to see you go," Konry said.
"Yes," she admitted.  "They were."
Dashelus added, "I bet the boys your age were pretty upset about it too."
She looked back at him.  "Well, I wouldn't know anything about that."
Dashelus nodded with a smile on his lips, but he said nothing.
"I left my family when I was young, too," Konry said conversationally.  "My folks didn't want me to join the King's Grand Army.  All the men in my family grew up to be fishermen, so they wanted me to do the same, you know.  I had to actually run away from home in the middle of the night."
"How long ago was that?"
"Nine years.  And I'll tell you, I don't regret it at all.  I would never have been happy catching and cleaning fish all day."
"Why don't you tell us about yourself?" Dashelus asked.  "I've already heard Konry's life story a dozen times."
"There isn't really much to tell."
"We're going to be traveling together for awhile," he said with a shrug.  "And it gets boring if we don't have anything to talk about."
Alona didn't really know what she could tell them.  She grew up in Oakenfal, had a few friends, and this was the first time anything interesting had ever happened to her.  "Maybe you can tell me more about Samorath," she suggested.  "I don't really know anything about it."
"Well," Konry said, "They call it the Grand City, and it's located on the mouth of the Aneshis River, right on the shore of the Golden Sea.  It's hard to really put it into words ..."
Konry and Dashelus took turns talking about the city as they continued their slow progress through the wilderness, and Alona listened carefully, trying to imagine what it must be like.  Thousands of people all in one huge sprawling city sounded impossible to her, but she envisioned what such a place might be like.  They told her of glittering jewels in the morning sun, mobs of dancers and performers in the streets, hundreds of ships out in the sea from all the southern lands, and the spectacular Grand Palace of the Great King Karustra.  It was like a fantasy land compared to the small, dirty world of her village and the dull people she grew up with.
Dashelus explained that he was from the southern shores of Olnasis, while Konry hailed from the eastern lands of Ronaris, both of which were part of the Grand Empire of Arvia.  The empire spread a thousand miles in every direction, with Samorath at the center, from the vast southern desert of Gris to the other side of the Kavas Mountains, even farther to the north.   The Grand Empire of Arvia reached from coast to coast, from the highest mountain to the lowest valley.
"Are there other empires?" Alona asked.  "Or is Arvia the only one?"
"Oh, there's others," Konry said.  "On the other side of Gris there's an empire called Darvosia.  The people there call themselves Darvosh.  They don't even speak the same language we do.  But their merchants sail up to Samorath sometimes in the summer."
Dashelus said, "And on the other side of the Arvian Sea there's a land called Tetharos, but we don't know too much about the people who live there."
"I didn't know the world was so big," Alona said softly.
"There's probably more lands we haven't even discovered yet," Dashelus said.  "For all we know, there's another empire on the other side of Tetharos.  No one has ever sailed that far and come back to tell us about it."
It was already mid-afternoon when they left the village, so there was not much daylight left.  For another hour or so, they moved on through the trees and snow-covered hills.  They kept the horses moving at a slow pace, out of worry the animals might trip or stumble on the uneven ground.  Eventually, Alona's thighs and butt began to hurt from sitting for so long in an uncomfortable position, and she tried to shift a bit to relieve some of the soreness.
By that time, the sun was beginning to set, so Dashelus decided it was time to make camp before it got too dark.  They dismounted smoothly, their boots plunging into the snow, which was a few inches deep.  Konry had to help Alona get down, since she couldn't do it on her own.  He eased her off the horse and she winced when she stood up, her thighs aching.
"You'll get used to it," Konry said, noticing her rubbing her backside. 
"I hope so," Alona said with a weary smile.
While they were out gathering firewood, she cleared away as much snow as possible, scooping it away with her feet to reveal the soggy leaves and dirt underneath.  Konry returned with an armful of branches, dumped them on the ground, and then went off in search of more.  Alona had succeeded in clearing away most of the snow by the time he came back again, and she felt glad that she had done something to help out.  
Konry hunkered down and stuffed some handfuls of dry grass into the center of the pile.  He  snapped together pieces of flint, and a minute later one of the sparks caught and tiny wisps of flame emerged from the damp branches.
"Where's Dashelus?" Alona asked.
Konry stood up and wiped dirt from his knees.  "He's out finding us some dinner.  Here, build the fire up.  I'll take care of the horses."
A few minutes later, Dashelus returned with his bow hanging over his shoulder and a dead squirrel in his hand.  "It's getting a bit too dark to see out there," he said.  "But I got us something."
"You sure you couldn't hit anything bigger, Dash?" Konry joked.
Dashelus tossed him the squirrel and then set his bow and quiver of arrows down by his pack.  "Feel free to go chase after a deer if you want something else to eat.  Maybe you could tell it some of your terrible jokes and it would commit suicide on its own."
Konry grinned and began to skin their dinner.  "A good warrior uses every weapon at his disposal, and my terrible jokes are at least as effective as your bow."
"Keep telling yourself that," Dashelus grunted as he sat down.
Alona sat cross-legged by the fire and laughed at their playful insults.  She didn't know if they were making jokes to help her feel more at ease, but it was surely working.  She was nervous around them at first, but now felt herself warming to their presence.
"You two must know each other pretty well," she said, tossing a few more sticks into the fire to build up the flames.  "How long have you served together?"
"Five long years now," Dashelus said, slouching down and stretching out his legs.  He folded up a small blanket to use as a pillow.  "I don't know how I've put up with him for so long."
"You just can't recognize genius when you see it," Konry quipped.  He quickly skinned and gutted the squirrel, and impaled it on a stick to hold over the fire.  Alona was impressed with how quickly he had prepared it.  She couldn't have done it any faster herself.
They had some rations in their packs as well, and Alona had some of the bread Horunus had given her.  She wasn't very hungry though, so she only had a few bites of squirrel and a small piece of bread, saving the rest for later.
"A meal fit for kings," Konry chuckled as he tossed the stick away.  He wiped his mouth on his sleeve and raised a waterskin to his lips.  
Dashelus folded his hands on his stomach and just stared tiredly into the fire, while Konry got up and unrolled a few more blankets.  The ground was wet, but the heavy fur blankets taken from the village would keep her warm and dry.  She rolled one out on the ground to lay upon, and then curled up with the other.
"We still have a long trip ahead of us," Dashelus said.  "Hopefully we make good time tomorrow.  I think it will take at least three days to get south of the forest."
"I thought you said we weren't in a hurry," Konry said.
"I did say that, but it doesn't mean I want to walk through these trees for another week.  I miss warm weather and gentle, rolling hills.  And roads, by the Father do I miss roads."
Alona laughed.  "We have some paths near the village, but I don't think we have anything like a road.  Is it true they have roads that go on for miles and miles, all the way across the entire land?"
"The Silver Road is pretty long, it follows the river for a couple hundred miles.  That's the one we'll be taking to Samorath.  And I know the Pilgrim's Road goes all the way from Samorath to Smoke Valley, that's got to be five-hundred miles at least."
"I can't even imagine how far that is."
"You said this is as far as you've ever been from your village, right?"
"Yes," Alona said, feeling foolish about it.
"Well, we've only come maybe three or four miles so far.  And Samorath is still probably five-hundred miles away."
"Farther than that," Konry said, flopping down on the ground beside Dashelus.  "And you can think of it this way too:  the dock warehouses in Samorath are easily five miles away from the northern watch towers.  So the city itself is bigger than the whole distance we've traveled so far today, if that makes sense."
She could only shake her head.  "That's unbelievable.  I've spent my whole life in Oakenfal, and there's this huge world I know nothing about."
Konry propped himself up on an elbow and tossed a few loose twigs into the fire.  "You're not having second thoughts, are you?" he teased.
"No," she said, rolling onto her back.  Above them, the stars were coming out.  Did the people in Samorath see the same stars and constellations that she saw?  Or were they so far away that the entire night sky was different?  Maybe they had the same stars, but called them by different names.  She knew the names of a few constellations, like the White Warrior and the Lying Witch and the North Bear, and wondered if the people in Samorath knew them by those same names.
Her sheltered life so far seemed like nothing a brief glimmer of time when compared to the vast uncertainty of the life that still lay ahead of her.  In a strange way, she felt like everything before this day had been childhood, and now she was finally an adult.  
This morning, it had been just a normal day like every other day, and now she was on her way on the greatest adventure of her life.  It was unreal.  Everything had happened in a blur, and now, looking back on it, she could barely believe it had really happened.  She remembered how terrified her mother was when the soldiers first arrived, and how the elders whispered that they were all going to be killed.  In a few moments, she had felt like her world had been thrown into chaos.
She sighed and rolled back onto her side, facing the camp fire.  "How many other villages like mine have you been to?" she asked.
"I've lost count," Konry said.  "Fifty, at least.  They're just scattered all over these mountains, we probably didn't even find them all."
"Did you find other women in those villages who wanted to go to the capital?"
"I don't think so.  I know the Captain didn't order anyone else on a trip like this."
"Okay, I was just wondering."
Dashelus had his eyes closed and might have been asleep, but he spoke up, "Wondering if you were the only one?" 
"I guess so," she said.  "I haven't had time to really think about any of this.  They told me all sorts of things.  How beautiful I was and that I should go to Samorath and all that.  Maybe they told a lot of girls that, and I'll arrive to find a hundred other women got there before I did."
"No, you're the only one I know about," Dashelus said.  "You're going to become part of the King's Harem, right?  You didn't tell us earlier, but that must be it."
 She nodded and then hesitantly added, "Yes, I am."
"You know what the harem is, right?" Konry asked, sitting up.
"Yes, they told me."
"The most beautiful women in the entire empire," Dashelus said.  "Or so they say.  But I haven't seen them, so I wouldn't know."
Alona sighed again and curled up tighter, her hands folded under her head.  "It feels so strange to me.  I mean, I know that I'm pretty.  Even when I was little girl, everyone said how pretty I was.  My mother told me that I could marry whatever boy I wanted to.  But that man, Horunus, said I was beautiful enough to join the King's Harem, and I don't really believe that."
"You should take Horunus at his word," Konry chuckled.  "That guy is an expert at choosing beautiful women."
"Well, what do you think?"
Konry smiled, the firelight flickering warmly across his face.  He tossed a stick into the flames and said, "I don't think I'm the best judge of women, to be honest.  You do have very lovely eyes, I'll give you that.  If Horunus says you're beautiful, then that's good enough for me."
"You don't think I'm pretty enough?" Alona asked, feeling strangely offended although she didn't know why.
"It's not that," Konry said, smiling again as if at some private joke.  "I don't always find the same people attractive that guys like Horunus do."
Alona thought about it and then shrugged off the blanket to sit up.  Something about Konry's response had made her suddenly curious.  "What kind of women do you like, then?  Ones with blonde hair or something like that?"
"Something like that," Konry said with an amused grin.  
Dashelus spoke up again.  "Maybe you should be thinking about what kind of women the King likes.  He's the one you're going to meet, after all."
"Maybe," Alona said.  "I don't really know anything about the King."
"His name is Karustra, for starters.  I think he's about forty years old."
"Have you met him?"
"Not personally," Konry said, snapping more twigs in his hand to feed to the fire.  "But we've seen him a few times, from a distance.  I guess he's a little bit taller than me, he's got dark hair and a beard, but not like Captain Oskern does.  He's not some old fat man, if you were worried about that."
"That's good," Alona said.  "To be honest, I hadn't really thought about it.  I didn't think it mattered what he looked like.  He's the King, so I figured he would look like a King."
"Can't argue with that," Konry said.
"So why did you choose to leave your home and go to Samorath?" Dashelus asked.  "If you don't mind me saying so, it seems like a pretty big decision to make so suddenly."
Alona rolled onto her back and pulled up the blanket.  "I don't know, it all happened so fast.  They said I could go and meet the King and join the harem and that I would be treated like a princess.  And I just ? said yes.  It just felt like something I had to do."
There was more to it than that, of course.  So many conflicting emotions ran through her head in those few moments after Horunus had offered her the chance to go with them.  She felt fear, excitement, surprise, happiness, a swirling jumble of feelings.  There had even been a brief second when she thought they might have been lying to her, trying to trick her into leaving the village so they could smuggle her along with them.  But she believed them, the thrill of seeing the capital and sense of pride that she might be worthy of living at the Grand Palace overwhelming her sense of caution.  Even when her father began to fight with her, she had simply blocked out his arguments and focused on the opportunity that had been laid at her feet.  She simply could not turn it down.
What woman could turn down something like that?  What man could turn it down, if the situation was reversed?  Who would refuse the opportunity to live in a palace and be treated like royalty?  She wondered if the Mother herself had blessed her by giving her such an incredible opportunity. 
If Alona had already been engaged to marry someone, then it would have been different.  Or if she'd been younger, then maybe her parents could have enforced their will upon her and forced her to stay.  But she was old enough to make her own decisions, and so far had not chosen a husband from the village.  Maybe she would have married Rendick, or maybe Jasson.  She wouldn't marry any of them now.
In a way, she felt much like Aldus and Nellan must have felt when they had chosen to join the army.  She remembered how Aldus' mother had broken down in tears, begging her son not to go, and Aldus had not looked back even once.  Surely the people in the village could sympathize with the choice that Aldus had made.  After all, he was young and strong, and joining the army was a noble choice for someone like him to make.
Was her decision to leave any different than theirs?  Joining the King's Harem might not be exactly the same as becoming a soldier in the Grand Army, but there were parallels to be made.  Her father might call her a whore, but being a lover and a servant of the King was an honorable position, an enviable position.  She could serve the Empire in her way, and strong boys like Nellan and Aldus could serve in their way.  And while they were offering to give their lives in service to the King, she was offering to give her body.  It was not so different.
What was her other option, after all?  To live in tiny Oakenfal for the rest of her life, marrying some boy and having his children, cleaning fish and cooking meals every day?  She might be happy living like that.  But Horunus was right.  If she did decide to stay there, she would always regret not taking him up on his offer.  The chance to live with the King was something she could never pass up.  In a sense, she had never had a choice at all.
She closed her eyes and tried to imagine what the future would be like.  The slow crackle of the fire and the gentle sound of the tree branches clicking above her eventually lulled her to sleep.
Chapter Three
Jasson

Jasson hurried through the trees, hopping over fallen logs and kicking through the snow, his travel pouch banging against his shoulder as he ran.  He had not had time to pack much of anything, just the few personal possessions he owned.  His hunting knife, passed down to him from his grandfather, his sharpening stone, some wooden carvings he made, and a spare fur cloak rolled into a ball.  Other than that he had just the clothing he wore.  Thick gray fur pants, a deerskin tunic, and a fur parka.
Hopefully, his family didn't even know he was gone yet.   He didn't have the heart to tell them what he was doing.  He snuck out of the village without their knowledge, but they would figure out where he had gone soon enough.
Up ahead, he could hear the sounds of the army marching through the trees, the muffled clank of armor, the murmur of voices, the clomping of boots through the snow.  Jasson spent his whole life in the woods, and the foreign sounds blared out at him like a horn.  Once he could see the men marching atop the ridge, he hurried his pace and ran parallel to the column until he was near the front.  Some of the soldiers saw him but didn't seem to care.
He spotted the leader of the army riding his horse out in front.  He was a frightening bear of a man with a thick black beard, wearing heavy black furs.  He was talking with the blonde-haired one as Jasson hurried up to run beside him.
The man turned and looked down at him.  "Who are you?  Are you from that village?"
Jasson glanced down to try not to trip over a tree root as he ran alongside the horses.  "Yes, my name is Jasson of family Mard.  I want to join your army!"
"Is that so?  Why didn't you volunteer before?"
"I couldn't do that in front of my family, sir."
"Hmm, I see.  How old are you?"
"Sixteen, sir."
"What do you think?" the leader asked the blonde one.
"Sure, why not?  He chased us all the way here, after all."
"Alright then.  Head on back to where the others are and get in line.  We'll be making camp in a few hours and I'll give you some orders then."
"Okay," Jasson said quickly, giving an awkward salute, since he didn't really know how.  "Thank you, sir!  I promise I'll do a good job!"
The leader waved him away and Jasson stumbled through the snow before stopping and taking a moment to catch his breath.  He readjusted the strap of his travel pouch and then started walking off in the other direction.  He passed by more men on horseback, then long lines of soldiers walking on foot, wielding swords, axes, and bows.  He nodded in passing to some of them, and they gave him polite acknowledgments in return.  He would be one of their fellow soldiers now, so he guessed he might as well get to know some of them.
After the soldiers, there were horses loaded with supplies, having a hard time moving through the woods, and then more people following behind, dressed in regular clothes, cooks and servants and the like.
But he didn't see Alona anywhere.  He expected to see her there, marching with the other people, or maybe riding with someone.  She rode off with the blonde-haired soldier willingly, but she wasn't with him now, so Jasson guessed she must be traveling farther back.
He had no idea what possessed her to join the army, but he could only imagine one reason the leader would want a pretty young woman like Alona.  But Jasson refused to believe that she would have agreed to join up with the army, if that was the case.  There must be some other kind of explanation, he was sure of it.
At least he hoped so.  After all, he had just abandoned his family in order to follow her.  
Behind the marching groups of soldiers were more men dressed in clothes like his own.  They were the new additions to the army, the men recruited from other villages.  Jasson stopped to gape at the long lines of men, some of them carrying small bags like his, but most of them walking empty-handed.  A few carried walking sticks or even swords.  There were far more than he had expected to see, several hundred of them at least, which was practically more than Jasson could even count.  Either the army had recruited a lot more men from the other villages than they had taken from Oakenfal, or there were far more villages than Jasson knew about.
He ran his fingers through his short brown hair and had a sudden moment of self-doubt.  He shook his head, dismissing it, and then stepped in line with the rest of the men.
"Jasson?  Jasson!"
He turned quickly to see his friend Aldus waving his arms in excitement.  Cutting through the line, he laughed and ran over to him.
"What are you doing here?" Aldus laughed in amazement, slapping him on the shoulder.
"The same thing you are!  I joined the army too."
"What?  I don't believe it!"
"Did you really think I was going to let you go off on your own?"
Nellan, the other volunteer from the village, came over.  "Hey, Jasson, good to see you!  Did you really join up too?"
"Yeah, I just couldn't do it in front of my parents."
Aldus nodded and gave a lopsided grin.  "I know how that feels.  I hope my mother didn't take it too hard."
"I think she'll be okay," Jasson said.
Nellan stuck his hands into the pockets of his fur jacket and walked alongside as they continued along with the column of recruits.  Jasson and Aldus were the same age and had grown up together, but Nellan was a few years older.  He and Jasson had always been friendly if nothing else, but they had never known each other very well.  Jasson expected that might change now that they were leaving their home behind.  They would have to stick together.  
"What about your family?" Nellan asked.  "Will they be mad when they find out you're gone?"
Jasson shrugged.  There was no use worrying about that now.  "My dad will know why I did it.  To be honest, I think that he wanted to volunteer too.  Maybe he'll even be happy for me."
"You know, I think if my folks were still alive, I would have stayed.  But I figured there's no one keeping me there, so I might as well go off on some grand adventure, right?"
"I was just tired of living there," Aldus said.  "I always wanted to leave and go someplace new.  And this way I get to learn to be a soldier."
"Me too," Jasson said.  "Being a soldier has to be more exciting than hunting deer.  Maybe one day we'll lead our own army like the General up there."
"He's a Captain, not a General," Nellan said.  "He made sure we knew that.  It must be a bad thing to call someone by the wrong rank."
"What rank are we?" Jasson asked with a chuckle.
"I don't think we even have a rank yet."
Some of the other men around them introduced themselves, but Jasson quickly forgot most of their names.  A few hailed from nearby villages like Riverhook and Willsbree, but no one that Jasson knew personally.  Most of their fellow recruits were from much farther far away, and some had already been marching with the army a month or more.  They named all sorts of villages that Jasson had never heard of.  It turned out that the army only ever took a handful of men from the villages they passed, but there were many villages, far more than Jasson knew existed.
They walked along the ridge, their travel made somewhat easier by the fact that the soldiers ahead of them stomped down all the snow, leaving them basically flat ground to walk across.  They passed Haggin's Rock on their way down to the Western Slash.  Jasson knew the entire area well, having spent long hours hunting there.  He knew how to sneak around silently in the woods, he was pretty good with a bow, and he was quick with a knife, which he felt were all pretty good skills for a soldier to have.
However, for the moment at least, he chose not to mention why he had really joined the army.  Until he found Alona and spoke with her, he would keep that fact from Nellan and Aldus.
He had not committed himself to a woman yet, but he was old enough to get married, and he always thought that Alona might be his wife someday.  They were the same age and had known each other all their lives.  It was true that Alona had never specifically agreed to a real relationship with him, but he felt it was only a matter of time.  In another year, their families would start hinting that maybe it was time to be married, and out of all the men in the village, Jasson thought that he was the most likely one that Alona would choose.  Even when they were little children, Jasson felt that someday they would be man and wife.
Not that he didn't have lots of competition, as there were several other boys who had their eyes on Alona as well.  Even Aldus probably did.  Maybe even Nellan too.
It was almost hard for him to describe how beautiful and amazing she was.  The way her eyes seemed to glow in the light of the early morning, the little giggling laugh she would do whenever she was embarrassed, the way her long fingers would run through her hair.  None of the other girls compared to her at all.  
But what he liked most was how smart and serious she always was.  There were two other girls in the village that were around his age, but they were always laughing and flirting and fooling around, acting more like children than adults.  Alona wasn't like that at all.  Despite her beauty, she didn't flirt or play with the boys in the village very much.  She was always reserved and maybe a little bit shy, and Jasson appreciated that seriousness and maturity.
She was thoughtful and intelligent and curious about the world, and Jasson did his best to follow her example.  He wouldn't have been surprised if someday she became the village elder.  She always seemed so poised to take a position of wisdom and authority.  Maybe that was why she chose to leave with the soldiers, for the opportunity to travel and experience new things and learn more about the world.  
Jasson couldn't imagine any other reason why she would leave the village.  He hoped that whatever reason it was, it wouldn't prevent him from seeing her again and maybe even still marrying her.  But he didn't even know if soldiers were able to get married.  Once he was trained, would be be able to live in one village and be allowed to raise a family?  Or would the army move around and fight wars, preventing him from staying in one place?  There was so much he didn't know.
"Where are we going, anyway?" he asked.  "They aren't taking us straight to a battlefield somewhere, are they?"
Neither Aldus or Nellan knew their destination, so they asked around to the other men walking nearby.  "Some kind of castle out on the coast," one of them said.  "That's where we're gonna be trained to fight in the army."
A young man with black hair walking behind them said, "It's a place called Bakk.  I heard the Captain talking about it."
"So we're going to Bakk?"  Aldus said.  "Personally, I would rather go to Front."
It was a terrible joke, but Jasson laughed at it anyway, and most of the others did too.  It helped relieve the mood and break the ice between them, something Aldus has always been good at.  Jasson noticed as he looked around that he and Aldus were among the youngest recruits.  Almost all of the others were in their early twenties, like Nellan, and there were a few older men with gray creeping into their beards.
"Wait a minute," Jasson asked.  "Where's Polus?  They took him too, right?"
"In the back of the line," Nellan said.  "He was fighting them, so I guess they smacked him around to force him to march with us.  I feel bad for the guy."
"Yeah, me too," Aldus agreed.  "He's been miserable ever since Pashina died, and now this.  I don't blame Wolner for trying to get rid of him, though."
"You think he'll stick around?  He might try to run away."
"And go where?  He can't go back to the village, they won't let him live there again.  They probably already gave his house to somebody else."
"Do you think there are other guys here who were forced against their will?"
The black-haired youth behind them said, "Oh yes, there's a few other men like that.  One of the guys back there was kicked out of his village for stealing, so they forced him to come with us.  There's a few others.  By the way, I didn't introduce myself.  My name's Kredan of family Hast.  You guys are all from that same village?"
"Yeah," Aldus said.  "We're all friends."
"That's great.  I was the only person from my village to join up, so I don't really know anyone."
"Where are you from?"
"Windgrove.  I've been with the army for maybe a week now."
Kredan explained that they usually set up their camp as soon as the sun went down, and were up and moving again at dawn.  They received three meals each day.  Other than that, there was not much else for them to worry about.
"We just march all day," he said with a shrug.  "If they find another village, we stop and wait until they tell us to start walking again.  It's pretty boring, to be honest."
"How far until we reach the place called Bakk?"
"I have no idea.  But I have a feeling it will be awhile before we get there."
They marched all afternoon, and eventually they entered an area of the forest that Jasson was not very familiar with.  It looked much the same as the rest of the forest, but he felt a strange sense of discomfort in knowing they were truly leaving Oakenfal behind.  Nellan and Aldus also became less talkative as the long march went on, assigning themselves to the decision they all had made.  
It was easier for Nellan, who left no family behind.  But Jasson immediately began to wonder about his parents and his two younger siblings, Tassia and Darlen, who were now without their older brother to look out for them.  In the hectic moments of his departure, he had not considered how they might feel.  But they would be fine without him, he was sure of it.  Darlen was already thirteen years old, so he was old enough to take care of himself and Tassia as well.
The sun disappeared behind the mountains and the sky went dim.  Almost instantly, they felt the subtle change in temperature.  As soon as the sun was down, it would grow colder.  
Shouts and commands from up ahead notified him that they were going to set up camp.  The line of soldiers stopped moving as they entered a wooded valley with a semicircular clearing dotted with heavy boulders covered in a layer of snow.  Jasson didn't know what he was required to do, so he stood around and waited for instructions.  He kept his eyes out for any sign of Alona, but he still hadn't seen her at all.
Had he misunderstood why she was leaving?  Maybe she only went up to see the soldiers off before they left and then returned?  Had she returned to the village?  Jasson was sure that couldn't be the case because he waited for her and she never came back.  And the way her parents argued with each other made him certain that Alona had truly left for good.  But the fact that she was still nowhere to be found made him anxious that something was wrong.
Finally, one of the mounted soldiers rode over and told them all to start gathering wood and getting some campfires going.  "We'll get some food for everyone once we get settled in.  Get some fires started as soon as possible."
Happy for something to do, Jasson eagerly went off and got as much wood he could carry.  He came back to the camp to find that a few fires were already burning, giving off some much needed heat and light.  Jasson dumped his armful of branches and twigs in a pile.  He could have started his own fire quickly enough, but instead someone passed around a burning torch that they used to light them all.  With so many soldiers and men, the entire clearing was lit up with flame from dozens of campfires.  It was strange to see so many people in one place.  It occurred to Jasson that this traveling army had more people in it than his entire village.
Most everyone would sleep under the stars, but Jasson saw that some of the soldiers were quickly setting up tents for the Captain and the other men leading the army.  The cooks and servants began to get supper ready, setting large metal cauldrons to boil over some of the large fires.  Jasson watched as they emptied sacks of grains and oats into the boiling water, along with chopped vegetables like turnips and potatoes.  He also kept a close eye on the tents to see if Alona was there, but he still could not find her anywhere.
"Feels good to sit down," Nellan said, stretching out his legs.  "My legs were starting to cramp up."  There was nothing to sit on, so everyone was just sitting on the ground.  
"And we just got started," Aldus laughed, sounding nervous.  "Our first day in the army.  I guess it wasn't so bad."
"Just wait until they start training us," Jasson said.
"I've never held a sword before," Nellan said.
Jasson took out his hunting knife.  "This is about the closest thing I've ever used."
A few other men sat down with them to share the fire, including Kredan, who leaned in to warm his hands.  "They told me that there isn't any snow where we're headed.  It's warm all year long there, do you believe that?"
Nellan leaned back.  "Wow, I can't wait to get there."
They all joked around and told each other more about their lives, while they waited to be served supper.  Jasson had expected the soldiers to keep an eye on them, but it seemed like for now, they were allowed to relax without much supervision.  There wasn't any real work for them to do, since the army workers took care of preparing their meals and setting up camp.  They announced that the latrine would be back in the direction they had come, on the opposite side of camp from the Captain's tent, of course.    Most of the mounted soldiers removed their horses' saddles and brushed them down for the night.  Jasson wondered if maybe he would get to ride a horse someday.
It was a unique feeling to be surrounded by so many strangers.  For his entire life, he had known every single person in the village.  He had never seen so many new faces, and it made him more determined to stay with Aldus and Nellan most of the time.  He couldn't imagine how Kredan must feel, being completely alone.  
"So why did you join, Kredan?" he asked.
"Me?  To avoid getting married to some stupid girl that I hated," he said.  Everyone broke out laughing, and Kredan said earnestly, "I'm serious!  She was an awful person, but she was the only woman in my village even close to my age!  They were already leaning on me to marry her.  I would have done anything to avoid that nightmare."
"Hey, they've got to have women at the place we're going, right?" Aldus said, perking up.  "We'll get to meet some new girls, that will be fun."
"I call dibs on the prettiest one," a man in the back joked.
Jasson smiled to himself.  Even though he didn't know any of them, he already felt like there was some camaraderie and friendship growing with all the new men.  They were all in this together, after all, and many of them were like Kredan, trying to make new friends and learn more about the people he was marching with.  Even though they were all still strangers, Jasson felt like it wouldn't be long until they got to know each other.  Sitting around the campfire telling stories was a great way for them to bond, and he wondered if the Captain knew that and planned it that way.
A few men claiming to be priests of the Mother and Father wandered through the numerous camp fires, talking with the men.  They were bundled up in furs like everyone else, but they had red and blue shawls draped over their shoulders.  Jasson prayed at night to the Mother and Father, of course, but he had never met a real priest before.  The closest thing his village had was Wolner, the village elder.
When dinner was served, they all got up to get a bowl of steaming porridge.  Unfortunately, they didn't get a fork to eat it with, so they basically had to slurp the porridge right from the bowl.  It wasn't the most delicious meal he had ever eaten, but it was warm and filling and that was the important thing.  When they were done, a servant came by to take the dirty bowls away.
Jasson sat down by Aldus and said, "Hey, this might be a weird question, but have you seen Alona at all today?  Here with the army, I mean?"
"What?  Alona?  What would she be doing here?"
"I saw her leave with the Captain," Jasson explained.  "It was after you and Nellan joined up.  The Captain came back into the village and then Alona left with them.  You haven't seen her at all?"
"No, I haven't seen her," Aldus said, shaking his head.  
"I know she left with them," Jasson said, looking around.  "Her parents were really upset about it, so she must have been leaving the village for good.  But I haven't seen her at all since I joined up.  I don't know where she could possibly be."
"Why didn't you say anything earlier?" Aldus asked confusedly.  And then his eyes suddenly went wide and he said, "Jasson, you didn't join up with the army to follow her, did you?"
"No, of course not," he said quickly.  "I mean, not totally.  It doesn't matter anyway.  But where the heck is she?"
"By the Father," Aldus said, leaning back and placing his hand against his forehead.  "I don't believe it!  You joined up to chase after her."
"Will you be quiet?  No, I didn't.  Sure, that was part of it, but not the whole thing."
"Well, I can tell you that she isn't here," Aldus said, trying to hold in embarrassed laughter.
Nellan came over.  "Who isn't here?"
"Alona," Jasson said dismally.
"Alona?  You mean Alona from our village?"
Jasson stood up.  "Listen, I have to go find out where she is.  I see one of the guys in charge over there.  I'll go ask him."
"But why would Alona be here?" Nellan asked, bewildered.  Aldus was laughing too hard to give him an answer as Jasson walked away.
Aldus was not going to let him live this down, Jasson knew it already.  But that was just how Aldus was, and Jasson figured that eventually he would have something to make fun of him about too, so it was no big deal.
The blonde man, the one Alona rode off with, stood by the horses, giving orders to some of his men.  Jasson walked up and waited for him to finish talking.
"Sir?" he asked.  "I'm sorry, I don't know your name yet."
"My name is Horunus.  What can I do for you?"
"My name is Jasson.  I joined the army just today.  I was the the one who ran after you after you already left my village."
"Sure, I remember you.  I hope you haven't changed your mind already.  It's a bit too late for that."
"No, I haven't changed my mind.  I just have something I'm wondering about.  It's that, well, there was this girl in my village.  I saw you and the Captain leave with her, but I don't know where she is now.  I don't see her anywhere.  I'm just wondering where she is."
Horunus gave Jasson a long look and then rubbed his chin.  "You're talking about the girl named Alona, I take it?"
"Yes!  Her name is Alona.  She did leave the village with you, didn't she?"
"She did," Horunus said with a nod.  "You were her boyfriend or something?"
"Well, not exactly."
Horunus gave him a condescending smile.  "I think I see where this is going.  Let me guess.  You're in love with her, so you joined the army in order to stay with her?"
"She's my friend," Jasson said firmly.  "I just want to know she's safe."
"She's safe.  But I have some bad news for you, kid.  Alona isn't here.  She isn't traveling with us, she left to go somewhere else."
"What?"
"Alona is going all the way to the capital to meet the King," Horunus said.  "She's very beautiful, but I'm sure I don't have to tell you that.  We thought she might be considered beautiful enough to join the King's Harem.  So that's where she's headed."
Jasson let out a long breath and lowered his head.  "Oh, well.  Okay.  Wow, I wasn't expecting to hear that," he mumbled.  His throat felt dry and he swallowed uncomfortably.  "You're sure she's okay, though?  She went of her own free will?"
"She certainly did," Horunus said.  He placed his hand on Jasson's shoulder in a surprisingly fatherly gesture.  "I'm sorry to be the one to break it to you, Jasson, but I don't think you'll ever see your girlfriend again."
"I guess not," he sighed.  "I wish I could have said goodbye to her."
"I understand.  Now, you're not going to try to sneak back to your village tonight, are you?"
Jasson shook his head.  "No, sir.  I'm not going to leave."
"I'm glad to hear it.  I'm sorry again about Alona."
"It's okay.  Thanks for telling me."
He wandered back to the campfire, his head spinning.  Alona was really out of his life forever?  It was hard for him to believe it.  Had he really abandoned his parents, his brother, his sister, and all his friends in a foolish attempt to chase after her?  He stood in the middle of the camp and looked around, as if realizing for the first time that he was truly committed to his decision now.  Whatever his reasons for joining, he was in the army and he could not go back.  His mind felt light and dizzy, and there was a tightness in his chest.
He didn't know if he was in love with her or not.  Maybe he was.  Maybe the pain in his chest and his shortness of breath were symptoms of a broken heart, he didn't know.  But it didn't matter, because it was clear that Alona had not loved him back.  If she had, she would have said goodbye at least.  Somehow, Jasson had known that all along.  He had just allowed himself to forget about it until now.
"What now?" he said to himself.  
All around, there were men laughing and talking, complete strangers brought together by the promise of adventure and honor, and the chance to do something grand with their lives.  Jasson was one of them now.  Alona might be out of his life forever, but he had an exciting new life out in front of him.  His dream of marrying Alona was never going to come true, but he had a new dream, a new goal to strive for.  Maybe this was what he was meant to do after all.  Besides, Alona wasn't back in Oakenfal anyway, so why would he bother to go back there now?  
He walked back to the fire and sat down.
"So where is she?" Aldus asked eagerly in a mocking voice.
Jasson told them.  The smile on Aldus' face disappeared and was replaced by a look of surprise and sadness.  "Oh, man.  Jasson, I'm really sorry."
"It's all right," Jasson said with a shrug.
"So what does this mean for you?" Nellan asked.
Jasson gave Aldus a nudge on the shoulder.  "I guess I'll stick around anyway.  Somebody's got to keep an eye on you guys to make sure you don't get into trouble, right?"

Chapter Four
Kavensbrook

Four days after they set out from Oakenfal, Alona got her first glimpse of the true size of the world.  They made reasonably good time traveling through the forested hills, or at least Dashelus claimed it was good time.  Alona had no idea how he could tell.  She couldn't even guess at the number of miles they had already traveled, but both Dashelus and Konry had an uncanny sense of distance and direction.  Each day, they traversed more hills and thick woods and rocky clearings, and followed streams and creeks, or crossed them if they were able.  Alona spent her time on horseback marveling at the changing scenery, feeling like she as still just on the outskirts of her village even though they were far from it now.
When they emerged into a wide clearing at the edge of a sparse gathering of stocky trees, Konry called to her from up ahead.  Dashelus led his horse forward, with Alona looking over his shoulder.  Her eyes grew wide when she saw that the clearing ended in a sudden drop, and they were now looking out over the edge of a tall cliff that rose above a vast stretch of land that reached for miles and miles, all the way to the impossibly distant horizon.  
She saw great stretches of trees that looked like a bushy mass of green from such a great height.  Beyond that was a blurred brown expanse that was just a tiny strip of land, but Alona got the feeling must have been hundreds of miles long.  She stared in amazement and shock, grabbing Dashelus' arms for support.
"What do you think of that?" Konry said with a grin, waving his arm out at the breathtaking landscape.  "Welcome to Arvia.  Beautiful sight, isn't it?  Looking down from up here makes me feel like the Father himself, looking down at my creation."
"Please take us away from the edge," Alona whispered harshly, clutching at Dashelus' shoulders.  "It's too much, please take us back."
Dashelus did as she asked, riding back to the treeline to give her some breathing space.  Staring out across such a great distance made her heart jump into her throat, and she felt like the slightest breeze would knock her off the horse and down to her death.
They followed the edge of the cliff for most of the afternoon until they reached a ravine with a twisting trail leading down to the bottom.  Alona felt like it would be to dangerous to attempt, but both Dashelus and Konry were unfazed.  They led their horses down the rocky, winding path, although they went slowly.  She was amazed that the horses' tiny hooved feet could navigate the rocky terrain without tripping or slipping on loose stones.
"You didn't come this way before, did you?" she asked worriedly, holding on tightly to Dashelus' waist.
"No way," he said.  "There's no way we'd try to march an entire army up a steep trail like this."
"How do you know it's safe, then?"
"Looks safe to me.  We just have to be careful."
She couldn't bring herself to even look over the edge of the trail, so she remained facing the rocky wall.  She had always known that her village was nestled in the middle of mountains, but she had not really understood what that meant until she  looked out across the vast landscape of Arvia and realized how high up they were.  It was strange to imagine that her home was actually above her head, as well as far off to the north.
Once again it occurred to her just how ignorant she was about the world.  They had not even truly left the mountains, but already she felt like she was entering alien territory.  Just a few days' ride from her village was a world unknown to her, and she wondered, not for the first time, what exactly she was getting herself into.  Sometimes she would get the urge to tell Dashelus and Konry to turn around and take her back home, but each time she felt it, she managed to fight off the temptation.  It was far too late for that now.
"Dash," she said.  "Do you ever regret leaving your family behind and joining the army?"
"Not in a long time" he replied.  "At first I did.  I was homesick sometimes, but the excitement of being a soldier eventually won out.  I don't think about my home village very much at all these days, to be honest."
"Have you ever gone back there?"
"I'm afraid not."
"I'll probably never see my home again either."
"Having second thoughts again?"
"Not really," she said.  "I'm just wondering what my parents are doing right now.  Do you think they hate me for leaving them?"
"I never met them, so I can't say.  But I think any good parent wants their children to be happy and live a better life than they did.  Hopefully your parents realize that you'll have a much better life in the King's Grand Palace than in your village."
"Even if I'm part of a harem."
"There's no shame in that," Dashelus said.  "You'll find people in the capital have a much more progressive view of that sort of thing." 
"What do you mean?"
"Lots of women work in brothels and whorehouses," he said.  "There's nothing wrong with it.  Giving pleasure is far from the worst job in the world.  Besides, the only man you'll have to please is the King.  Being a part of the King's Grand Harem really is an honor, even if your family might not see it that way."
Hearing Dashelus say it made Alona believe it more.  In the days they had traveled together, Dashelus had shown himself to be unerringly honest and respectful.  He was certainly the more serious of the two.  Konry liked to joke around, and sometimes Alona had trouble figuring out when he was being serious and when he was being sarcastic.  But Dashelus always spoke with the utmost sincerity, so Alona trusted him.
She thought again about her village and what must be going on there right now.  Three others had joined the army as well that morning, so she was not the only person to leave the village.  She wondered vaguely what Nellan, Aldus, and Polus were doing right now.  Marching, probably.  How far did they have to travel to reach their destination?  Was it even farther that she had to go?
She remembered how distraught Aldus' mother was when he left, and wondered if her own mother had eventually succumbed to grief when she accepted that Alona was gone for good.  Her father, on the other hand, was probably still furious.  Maybe someday she might be able to return, years from now when the memory of their anger and sorrow had faded.  
The bottom of the ravine was a long, narrow creek that opened up into a fairly wide lake.  At its northernmost point, a splashing waterfall descended from the top of the cliff, and the creek trickled south for miles until it reached the Silver River.
As they rode their mounts off the steep trail, Alona caught movement out of the corner of her eye.  Farther down the ravine, half a dozen people were seated along the rocky beach, fishing in the lake.  They looked up curiously as Konry rode forward.
"Morning to you," he called out.  "Is there a village near here?"
"Morning," an old man replied, a long fishing pole in his hands.  "You fellas don't look like mountain folk to me."
"We're soldiers in the King's Grand Army.  Where do you fine people live?  If we could stop by and have some lunch in your village, it would be much appreciated."
A scrawny young boy with dirt on his face, staring in amazement at the sheathed sword hanging from Konry's saddle, spoke up.  "We live in Sharsawood.  Are you really soldiers?  Have you killed people before?"
The boy's mother pulled him back.  "Hush, Tabbin."
"Just follow the river," the old man said.  "You can't miss it."
"Thank you kindly," Konry said with a bow.  As they rode past, Dashelus gave them a formal nod but said nothing.  Alona kept her arms firmly around Dashelus' waist and watched the villagers as they went by.
When they were out of earshot, Alona said, "Those people were very poor.  Did you see how skinny that little boy was?"
"I noticed, yes," Dashelus said.  
"Are we actually going to stop at their village?  I'd rather not impose on them if they can barely manage to feed themselves."
"What do you think, Kon?" Dashelus asked.
Konry turned in his saddle to look at her over his shoulder.  "I was just being polite, my dear.  We always try to chat up any local villagers we come across.  That way they remember that the soldiers in the Grand Army are friendly and polite."
"Your Captain certainly didn't do that when he was in our village.  He yelled at us and threatened us."
"Well, Captain Oskern has been under a lot of pressure lately."
She knew that Konry was just being sarcastic.  Half of what came out of his mouth was meant to be a joke or a jest.  While they traveled along the river, Konry told some more stories and kept up a running commentary the whole time.  Now that they were nearly out of the mountains, he was in an even better mood than usual.  Dashelus, the more serious of the two, kept on the lookout and only occasionally made comments.
"You two are a funny pair, you know that?" Alona asked.
"Is that so?" Dashelus said, his voice deadpan.
"You're like complete opposites.  You're so serious and he's always telling jokes."
"I guess that's why we work so well together."
They passed through the village of Sharsawood but did not stay for lunch.  Instead, Konry spoke briefly with the village elder and accepted a small bowl of fruit.  Then they moved on, heading farther down the river for most of the afternoon.  Alona felt the weather was too nice to wear her heavy fur jacket anymore, so she took it off and tucked it into one of the saddle bags.  Underneath, she had on a short-sleeved brown deerskin shirt with black wooden buttons down the front.
They camped that evening in a dense grove of trees and ate dinner from their rations while Konry talked about the rest of their trip.  Dashelus secured their horses and leaned against a tree, looking out into the forest, while Alona sat cross-legged by the fire, listening to Konry.
"The Silver River goes all the way to the western coast in Thonelis and reaches halfway across Arvia.  The Silver Road runs down of it for most of its length, so once we hit the river, we'll take the Silver Road most of the way.  The river ends at a city called Silvertown, which is maybe a four-day trip from the capital."
"Why are they called the Silver River and Silver Road?"
"Because there are silver mines in a region called Tansfar, which is southwest of here.  They used to ship silver down the river, so the silver traders nicknamed it the Silver River, and the name stuck."
"Are there other cities besides Silvertown and Samorath?"
"Sure, there's a few smaller towns along the river.  I'm pretty sure the river we're traveling down right now is the Medair River, but I might be wrong.  It intersects with the Silver River at a place called Kavensbrook, so if we can reach it by tomorrow night we'll stay at an inn and you'll get your first real look at a large town."
"I can't wait," Alona said, realizing it was true.
She and Konry began to curl up for the night, but Dashelus remained standing by a tree, looking out toward the clearing by the river.  His hand rested on the long knife sheathed at his belt, and his bow was propped up on the tree beside him.
"Are you going to sleep, Dashelus?" she asked.
He shook his head.  "No, I'll stay awake for a few more hours and keep watch.  I'll wake Konry up during the night and then he'll keep watch until morning."
"Keep watch?  Is there anyone out there?"
"There might be," he said simply.  "Now that we're out of the mountains, we should have someone stand guard at night.  There's always the possibility there might be criminals in these woods that steal from travelers."
Thankfully, they had no problems during the night.  In the morning, they packed up and continued their journey along the twisting, meandering river, which narrowed down to little more than a stream at times.  They didn't encounter any more villages along the way.
As the afternoon wore on, the sky grew cloudy and Dashelus looked up with a frown.  They increased their pace, hoping to beat the weather, but by the time the sun was just beginning to set, the sky was dark and gray with looming storm clouds.
"It's going to rain," Dashelus grumbled.  "And here I thought we might have good weather the entire trip."
"I think we're almost there," Konry called out, riding ahead of them.
"How can you tell?"
"Because we're almost there."
They emerged into a clearing that looked down into a wide dip in the land that ended where the river spilled into a much larger body of water.  Most of the trees in the immediate area were cut down, giving an unobstructed view across the shoreline of the Silver River, and the large town built up at the junction of the two rivers.
"Here we are," Konry announced.  "Welcome to Kavensbrook."
Alona didn't know what to say, since she had no idea what to expect a real town to look like.  Even looking at it from a distance, she could tell it was much larger than her village.  A tall wooden wall encircled the entire town, and beyond that she saw a multitude of wooden buildings, some of them two stories tall.  The town stretched along the river, and she could just barely make out the sails of ships resting at the town dock.  Flags and banners flapped in the wind, and wisps of smoke drifted from a few chimneys here and there.
It began to rain just as they rode up to the town's front gate, little drops of water that felt cold on her skin.  She dug into the saddlebag to put her fur jacket back on.  Konry spoke with the town guards, showing that they were soldiers in the Grand Army, and they were quickly let inside.  Alona looked around with wide open eyes, eager to see everything she could.  
Somehow, she had expected more.  She envisioned a place like this would have stone-paved streets, huge sparkling towers, and anything else her imagination could come up with.  But in truth, the town didn't seem that different than her village, just larger and more advanced.  Instead of thatched huts and tiny homes, they had large wooden structures and buildings with wooden shutters over the windows.  But the streets within the town were just packed dirt, and the people didn't look that different than the people she grew up with.  
Alona spotted a few other soldiers in the town, as well as children and elders and the kind of normal people she would expect to find anywhere.  Seeing such familiar sights actually made her feel more comfortable about her decision to go on this adventure.  Maybe life in Samorath would not so different than what she was used to.  
Some of them wore fur, but she saw that most of the people in Kavensbrook wore cloth and fabric clothing instead, which didn't surprise her.  Her village didn't really have the ability to weave fabric or any useable farm land to grow cotton, so most of the people wore fur and animal skin simply because it was easy and plentiful.  But here, closer to civilization, cloth was more common.  She saw men in fine white shirts and women wearing dresses and skirts in all kinds of colors.  
As the rain began to fall harder, most of the people walking around darted for cover inside buildings.  Konry and Dashelus hurried their horses through the streets before the dirt had a chance to turn to mud, and rode up to a squat building with a large front porch, where a few gruff-looking men were standing around and smoking pipes.  From the street, she could see straight down to the harbor where numerous boats were docked, both small vessels and bigger ships with billowing sails.  She wanted to get a closer look at them, since she'd never seen a real ship before, but the rain was falling harder now and she wanted to get inside before she was soaked.
They rode into an adjacent barn behind the building, where Alona saw more horses lined up in wooden stalls, their tails swatting at flies.  The place stank of hay and manure and she wrinkled her nose in disgust.  As she and Dashelus dismounted, Konry spoke a few words to a young man leaning on a manure-caked shovel.  The man's face was smudged with dirt and his clothes were caked with grime, but he smiled warmly as Konry dropped a few coins into his palm.
"I'll take good care of 'em for you, sir.  Thank you much," he said.
They left their blankets and other supplies with the horses, but both Dashelus and Konry remained armed, swords at their hips and Dashelus' bow and quiver strapped to his back.  They ran through the increasing downpour to the front of the building and entered through the door, nodding in greeting to the men on the porch.  Alona stayed close to Dashelus and Konry, afraid of being separated from them.
"That man in the barn will watch the horses for you?" she asked, shaking drops of rain from her sleeves.  "No one can go in and steal them or anything like that?"
"Well, we can't take the horses inside with us," Dashelus said with a rare smile.  "He works for the inn.  His job is to take care of the horses.  He'll feed and brush them and keep them warm for the night.  All inns like this have stables for travelers' horses.  Here in town, it would be hard for a thief to steal a horse without anyone noticing."
Alona nodded.  She understood the concept of an inn, as they had told her about it during the trip.  She probably could have guessed on her own that places like this existed for travelers, since she doubted the town would want people camping out in the middle of the street during the night.  But in a place like this, full of strangers and a steady stream of newcomers, she was surprised that they still felt safe leaving their animals unattended.  In her village, theft was pointless, because everyone knew each other, and they would all know immediately if someone stole anything.
"Besides," Dashelus said as he held the door open for her.  "Our horses are trained to respond to soldiers like me and Kon.  If some random person tried to steal one, the horse would probably just buck him right off."
The interior of the building was bigger than it had looked from the outside.  There were a few circular wooden tables off to the right, arranged around a fireplace.  A few people were seated around one of the tables, playing some kind of game with slips of paper.  They glanced up but quickly returned their attention to their game.  The room smelled like fireplace smoke and alcoholic cider, and Alona detected the scent of cooking food as well.
She held her hands close against her chest and let Dashelus lead her forward.  The room felt too warm, and she had a sudden flash of claustrophobia at being inside a place like this, although it passed quickly.  She'd never been inside a large building before, as the largest houses in Oakenfal had three rooms at most.  This place must have twenty rooms or more, as far as she could tell.  She felt like the roof should collapse at any minute.  She could hear the patter of the rain overhead.
 Across from the front door, there was a wooden counter.  A man with a long gray beard stood behind it, looking expectantly at them.  "You boys looking for a room?" he asked.  "We got hot meals too."
"We'll take one of each," Konry said.
Alona looked down at her feet and saw that her boots tracked some mud onto the worn wooden floorboards.  She looked around for something to wipe her feet on, but most of the floor was dirty so she guessed maybe they didn't care about some mud.  As Konry talked to the owner of the inn, she kept herself occupied by looking around the entire room, strangely disappointed that the first town building she saw was pretty underwhelming.  She wondered if the capital city would be like this.
The bearded man took his payment and said, "Thank you, boys.  Your room is the fourth door on the left.  I'll have my wife Della bring you some food when it's ready."  He glanced up at Alona and then added with a short smile, "You boys have a good night now and enjoy yourselves."
They went down the hall and entered their room.  Alona went inside and gave it a quick look while Dashelus closed and bolted the door behind them.  It contained two narrow beds and a small table with a chair, and was barely big enough for the three of them to walk around without bumping into each other.  Two oil lamps provided flickering light but the room seemed dark even with the lamps.
"I can't wait to sleep in a bed again," Konry chuckled, unbuckling his belt and laying his sheathed sword on the narrow ledge below the room's sole window.  He took a seat on one of the beds and began to unlace his boots.
"There's only two beds," Alona noted.
"You can have one," Dashelus said.  "Me and Kon can share the other one."
"Oh, okay.  Thanks."
She walked over to the window and looked out to see a patch of dirt that separated this building from the one beside it.  If she leaned far to the left, she could see the street outside, which was now turning into a giant mud puddle from the rain.  Konry kicked off his boots and then slid his back against the wall, stretching out his legs so his feet hung off the edge of the bed.  He sighed and wiggled his toes.  "Let me say again how good it will be to sleep in a bed.  How long has it been now?  Almost three months?"
"Longer than that, I think," Dashelus said, sitting down in the chair.  He gently placed his bow across the small table, but didn't move to take off his boots yet.   "I don't know about you, but I could go for a drink myself."
Alona asked, "Why did that man say for you boys to enjoy yourselves?"
"Oh, you know," Konry said with a shrug, glancing over at Dashelus.  "Two strong young guys like Dash and me, bringing a pretty girl like you here to an inn and sharing a room.  The innkeeper probably figured we were going to pay you to sleep with us."
Alona sat on the other bed and stared unblinkingly at him.  "Maybe you should go back out there and tell him that's not true."
"It doesn't matter," Dashelus said.  "He's probably already forgotten about it.  Don't let it bother you, it doesn't mean anything."
Alona didn't know how to feel about that.  She already felt somewhat uncomfortable in the cramped little room, and somehow the knowledge of how other people might view the three of them together made her want to march right back outside.  She felt foolish for not realizing sooner how it might look.  She remembered how the poor villagers of Sharsawood looked at her, and wondered if they thought the same thing.
Her father's harsh words came back at her.  He said women in the Grand Harem were nothing but whores for the King.  She knew that wasn't true, not exactly.  But how many other people would think that?  Would other people just assume she was a whore because she was going to be part of the harem?
She slid back on the bed and pressed against the wall, raising her knees up and wrapping her arms around them.  She looked at the bed as she spoke.  "You two don't think that ? I mean, you don't think that about me, do you?"
"Of course not," Konry said.  He stretched out on his bed and put his arms behind his head.  "Don't worry about that guy.  That old man didn't know who we were.  He just saw a pretty girl and some men and assumed the obvious."
"It shouldn't be obvious," Alona said, half to herself.  "Just because we're traveling together doesn't mean I'm sleeping with both of you."
"Remember what I told you the other day," Dashelus said.  "Lots of women do that for a living.  You don't have to be offended if some people get the wrong idea about you.  Sometimes people see soldiers like me and Kon and think we're nothing but violent thugs.  You shouldn't let anyone else's opinion bother you."
"Now I feel weird about it," Alona muttered.  "I don't want people to think I'm a whore just by looking at me.  I don't want anyone to treat me that way.  They should have known we were just traveling together.  You're soldiers in the Grand Army, and soldiers don't take women like that to bed, do they?"
"They certainly do," Konry said with a shrug.  "Soldiers are just men, after all.  We don't take a vow of chastity when we become soldiers.  There are brothels in Samorath that only service men in the Grand Army."
Alona couldn't believe it.  She hugged her legs closer to her chest.  So far, neither Konry nor Dashelus had made any kind of move with her during their days of travel together, but she suddenly felt uncomfortable being alone in the room with them.  And then she felt guilty for even suspecting that they might try to take advantage of her.  She knew she could trust them.  If they were the kind of men to do something like that, they would have done it when they were still out in the woods and there was no one else around.  But her discomfort remained.
Dashelus sighed.  "Listen, Alona, the whole reason Captain Oskern picked me and Konry to escort you all the way to Samorath is because he knew he could trust us.  Some of the other men in our unit probably would try to get you into bed with them."
"They would?  Are you saying that they would rape me?" she stammered in disbelief.
"No, they would never do that," he clarified quickly, "but they would try to seduce you.  You're going to be in the harem after all, so they'd try to convince you to sleep with them.  You'd be surprised at how persuasive some men can be.  I'm sure that if Horunus was the one traveling with you, he could get you to sleep with him by the end of the first day."
Alona shook her head.  "I don't believe he would do that.  And I wouldn't do it either."
"I know.  But me and Konry aren't like that."
Konry interrupted and said, "Remember a few days ago when I said that me and Horunus don't find the same kind of women attractive?  Well, what I really should've said is that we don't find the same people attractive.  The thing is, Alona, I'm not attracted to women."
"What do you mean?"
"Just what I said.  I'm not interested in women."
"I don't understand.  All men like women."
"Not all of them," Konry said, looking at her.  "Sometimes men like other men instead.  Me and Dash are like that."
Dashelus nodded, his face blushing red.  "I suppose there wasn't anyone like that in your village.  But it's not uncommon.  We don't take wives, we have relationships with other men instead."
"I don't ..." she said, blinking in confusion.  "How can men ? I mean ..."  
Then she looked over at Dashelus' utterly embarrassed face, and she could not help but laugh.  Konry laughed then as well, while Dashelus continued to look embarrassed.  He was normally so serious and composed, that seeing him act so nervous just looked funny to her.  She giggled, sharing his nervousness.  Her laughter helped to break the tension.
"Okay," she said, shaking her head.  "I've never heard of men doing that.  You mean you don't want to have sex with women at all?"  Even asking the question made her feel silly.  
"Nope," Konry said breezily.
Alona thought back to the men she had known in the village, and tried to imagine if maybe some of them were that way.  Considering Konry's knack for telling jokes and being funny, she might have thought this was another elaborate joke, except that Dashelus seemed so embarrassed to be talking about it.  And it certainly explained their behavior together.  She had never realized the significance of the fact that they always slept side by side on the opposite side of the campfire from her.  Even when Dashelus said that he and Konry would share a bed, it never occurred to her what he meant.
She knew a man in the village named Korbron who had never taken a wife.  Had he secretly been like Konry and Dashelus?  She remembered how Nellan had always been so shy around girls, maybe he was too?  And then she suddenly felt sad knowing that maybe some of them were attracted to men, and been afraid to tell anyone.
She said, "I always thought that men and women were made to marry each other, the way the Mother and Father created us.  I didn't know people could feel another way."
"That's why we didn't tell you at first," Dashelus said with a sigh.  "You know, that old man at the desk assumed the wrong thing about all of us, not just you.  He thought you were a whore, but he also thought me and Kon were attracted to you.  It was just a simple mistake."
Just then, there was a knock on their door, and the innkeeper's wife arrived with a tray of food containing some bowls of steaming vegetable soup and some bread with butter and sausages.  She set it down on the table and went to fetch some mugs of cider when Konry requested it.
There was only one chair at the table, so Dashelus slid the table into the center of the room so Konry and Alona could sit on their beds.  When the tall mugs of cider arrived, Dashelus took his and downed half of it in one long drink.  He was no longer blushing, but Alona sensed how difficult it was for him to reveal the truth to her, and the cider would help calm his nerves.  She wanted to ask them some more questions about their lives together, but they were busy eating, and by the time their meal was complete, she had decided to just let the topic drop.  Maybe tomorrow during their long ride she could ask some more questions.  
When they went to sleep that night, Konry and Dashelus both crawled into bed together.  Dashelus put his arm around Konry, just like Alona's father did with her mother when they slept together.  Alona smiled to herself, still amazed that the two soldiers could be in a relationship like a man and woman.  It seemed so strange, but she couldn't articulate why.  She had never been specifically told that men didn't do that, she always just assumed it was true.
As she lay in bed, she stared at the dark ceiling and listened to the sound of the rain tapping above her head.  Back in Oakenfal, rain sometimes dripped through the ceiling of her family's small house, but here at the inn the ceiling was solid and she remained dry no matter how hard it rained outside.  Sleeping in a real bed again was a nice feeling.  She sighed to herself, her mind wandering.
So far the trip had been mostly uneventful, and her first night in a real town was not as strange as she had anticipated.  But they were still far from Samorath, and she expected it to be far different than anything she had seen so far, at least according to the way Konry had described it to her.  By the time they got there, she hoped she would grow accustomed to the changing landscape and would not find the capital too overwhelming.  As they got closer to their destination, she would have time to adapt to any changes so they would not be so sudden.  At least she hoped so.
As she drifted off to sleep, she wondered if women could have relationships with other women as well.  Somehow, the idea appealed to her.  But then she merely grinned and shook the thought away.  She could never do something like that.
Chapter Five
Marching

At the beginning it felt like an exciting new adventure, but after two long days of dreary marching through the woods, Jasson's enthusiasm began to wane.  He learned from one of the soldiers that their journey through the mountains would last another few weeks at least.  Jasson didn't even know that the mountains stretched so far.  
There was little escape from the monotonous marching.  Captain Oskern didn't give them any rest except at night and during their meals, which came to be Jasson's favorite parts of the day.  The rest of the time, they marched continuously because Oskern was determined to reach the fortress called Bakk as soon as possible, and Jasson didn't even blame him.  He and the other regular soldiers had traveled for more than a month now already, and each day their mood grew more irritable.
Aldus and Nellan had a slightly better time of it, but they had joined the army willingly and were excited to finally reach the fort so they could begin training.  Jasson shared their excitement, but he also knew that his motives had not been quite as straightforward.  But it was far too late for him to turn back now, so he just accepted his decision.
His friends didn't mock him too harshly.  They made a few jokes at his expense in the few days after he told them about Alona, but thankfully they didn't tease him too badly about it.  They were probably worried that he might change his mind and try to escape now that he had lost his main reason for joining.  But they didn't have to worry about him.  He made his choice and would follow through.  Besides, their high morale had rubbed off on him, and he found himself looking forward to their arrival as well.  If for no other reason, it would put an end to their incessant marching.
They traveled across sparsely-wooded hills, along mountain ridges covered in dense forest, down through snowy valleys, each day plodding methodically through the snow.  Some days it snowed heavily, coating the entire army in a blanket of white, and sometimes in the middle of the day it would grow warm enough that Jasson took his parka off and tied it around his waist.
Most of their time was spent talking and gossiping.  They talked with Kredan and the other recruits.  Each day, Jasson learned someone else's name, but while they marched they stayed in the same general order, so he got to know the men around him pretty well, but there were lots of men he didn't know at all yet.  One of the men who walked along with them was an older man named Dobrill with specks of gray in his beard.  There was a skinny youth named Garben and a hefty man with red hair named Lomack, and many others.
Polus stayed in the back of the line and rarely talked to anyone.  He still had not come to accept his situation, it seemed.  He argued and bickered with anyone who got near him, and made no effort at all to follow orders.  Jasson stopped worrying about him.  If Polus was set on getting himself into trouble and being disruptive, then he would suffer the consequences.
About every other day or so, they stumbled upon a new village.  Jasson enjoyed it when they found one, because it gave him a chance to sit down and rest.  Usually at least one new person would join their ever-growing army, but often it was two or three.  Occasionally, Oskern didn't find anyone worthy of joining them, and when that happened he would come back cursing and swearing to himself, annoyed at the pointless delay.  
The villages they found varied wildly in size, some of them were tiny areas with only fifty people or even less, and a few of the villages they found along rivers or lakes were much larger than Oakenfal.  Those ones were almost too large to be called villages, they were nearly cities.  The army would pick up new recruits and more supplies, and sometimes they even trade with the villagers for other items.  At one large village, almost fifteen people volunteered to join the army, increasing their number even more.
And it wasn't just men.  They passed a small village one afternoon, and Jasson was surprised to see that the only recruit taken was a woman named Jirtha, who was taller and more muscular than he was.  She eyed the other men suspiciously as she got into line, but Jasson figured that someone as big and strong as her would make a good soldier regardless of their gender.  During the course of their travels, they picked up two other women that he knew of, but he didn't learn either of their names.
"Why did you choose to leave your village?" he asked Jirtha one evening when he got into line behind her for supper.
"I didn't like those people," she said simply in a gruff voice.  "None of the men wanted anything to do with me because I was bigger than they were.  I was sick of them treating me like a freak."
"Well," Jasson said, "We're glad to have you here."
Jirtha seemed to like that.  However, she usually marched up near the front of the column, so Jasson only got to see her in the evening and they rarely had time to talk, or much to talk about for that matter.
On the trip, they had at least two defections that he knew of.  A few men changed their mind after one or two days, and some of them tried to slip away in the night to return home.  In the morning when their disappearance was noted, Oskern sent a rider to chase them down and bring them back.  Each time, they returned peacefully and apologized for running away, but after that the soldiers watched them like a hawk.  However, there were two men who disappeared in the night and managed to escape.  Oskern fumed about it, but he wasn't going to waste time finding deserters, so they quickly moved on.
For the most part, the trip was boring.  They marched all day across identical mountain ridges and valleys, gathered around campfires at night and told stories, and then got up the next morning to do it all over again.  
But the landscape started to change.  It was a subtle change at first, but Jasson noticed that they were heading downhill most of the day, marching down wooded slopes and following creeks that slowly trickled toward lower elevations.  There was less snow on the ground.  They had a few days in a row of warmer weather.  Even the trees looked different, and Jasson noticed far fewer boulders dotting the forest.  They were still in a forest, but compared to the woods around Oakenfal, this area looked much different.  
They crested the edge of a hillside, and as the men reached the top, they stopped to take a look out across the landscape before them.  The trees were spaced out enough that they could see a gentle, sloping plain stretching out for miles at the edge of the trees.  Jasson stood for a few moments and just stared out at the sudden change of scenery.
"You believe this?" Nellan said in awe.  "It looks like we're out of the mountains.  Look how far we can see."
Later that afternoon, they marched out of the trees and followed the edge of the tree line.  Scattered patches of snow remained on the ground, under the shade of the nearby trees, but the rest of the wide plain was covered in tall grass waved in the breeze like rustling fur.  More trees bordered the plain several miles south, but Jasson felt like he was looking out across the entire world.  The air held a mysterious scent, nothing like the smell of trees and moss that he was used to.  
That night, they camped in a grassy hollow with a trickling creek running down the center of it, just on the border of the tree line.  As the sun went down, almost everyone walked up to the top of the rise and stood in awe to watch the sunset.  The entire sky turned a beautiful blend of colors from orange to purple.  None of them had ever seen such a sight.
"All that marching was worth it, just to see this," the old man named Dobrill said breathlessly.
Some of the soldiers joined them.  Even Captain Oskern made a brief appearance, gloved hands on his hips in a serious posture, his bearded chin jutting forward.  "Just wait until we reach Bakk," he said.  "You'll get to see the sunset over the Arvian Sea.  Now that's something to behold."
"Look at how flat the land is," Nellan commented.  "I never realized how different it was down here.  I knew we lived in the mountains, but I didn't really understand what that meant, you know?"
"I know what you mean," Jasson said, looking out across the multicolored sky.
The next day, much to Jasson's disappointment, they marched back into forests and across some low hills for most of the day, blocking their view of the south.  Jasson expected Oskern to lead them across the open country, but apparently this part of the trip was just a detour before continuing through another region of forest-covered hills.  The trees were more spaced out than before, and the mounted soldiers in particular had a much easier time of it, so they maintained a good pace for most of the day.
The day after that, they discovered another village.  As the men crested a hill, they spotted a tiny blue lake hidden in a shallow valley, and could see a few small huts on the opposite shore.  They marched around the lake and the soldiers called for them all to stop.  Even from a hundred yards away, Jasson could see that the tiny village was a haphazard arrangement of ramshackle huts with sagging roofs.  He didn't see any people though.  Everyone lined up along the beach and waited while Oskern rode into the village with his squad leaders.
"I wonder how many people live in the whole world?" Aldus asked no one in particular.  "If you took all these villages and added everyone together, how many people would there be?"
Nellan gave a tired chuckle.  "I can't even count that high."
"Hundreds?"
"Way more than that," Jasson said.  "There's more than a hundred of us marching right now.  There's got to be hundreds of hundreds."
Aldus picked up a stone and tossed it into the lake.  It skipped twice before plunking into the water.  "Hundreds of hundreds of hundreds?"
"I bet they have a number that high.  Maybe some teacher could tell you."
"I hope my mother's doing okay," Aldus said suddenly, picking up another stone.  At least once a day, his humorous attitude would slip away for a moment and he'd worry about the family he left behind.  Many of the other recruits had spoken similar concerns at night when they were all seated around crackling campfires.
Jasson sighed and looked up into the cloudy white sky.  "She has your uncle to help take care of her.  Maybe my parents can help her too, since they have something in common now."
"One day I'll go back and see her again," Aldus promised.  "If I can find our village, that is.  If they let me go right now, I probably couldn't find my way back."
"I bet I could," Jasson said.  "We've been traveling almost straight west this whole time -"
Suddenly, they heard shouts coming from the village, and Oskern's booming voice echoed across the lake.  Jasson flinched, spinning around, as everyone jumped up and tried to see what was going on.  Most of the mounted soldiers quickly kicked their horses into a gallop and they charged into the village.  From his vantage point, Jasson couldn't see anything.  The soldiers bolted through the line of crumbling huts, but there still wasn't anyone in sight. 
"What's going on?"
"Did they find something?"
"I don't see any people at all.  Maybe the village is abandoned."
"Then why are they shouting?"
Jasson walked along the shore, trying to see what was happening.  He wasn't the only one, and many others came forward to get a better look.  The priests ran forward, heedless of the soldiers' orders otherwise.  The entire column converged on the village, but the remaining mounted soldiers held them back, ordering for them to get back in line.  Squinting, Jasson caught a glimpse of a blackened structure in the middle of the group of dilapidated huts.  Oskern and his men were circling the entire village.  Some of them had their swords drawn.
He heard Oskern's voice bellowing orders.  "Get those men back!  Scout the entire perimeter!  I want every one of these damned huts burned!"
"What in the world is going on?" Nellan asked, his voice stricken.
Jasson could only shake his head.  "I have no idea.  I don't think anyone lives there.  But they found something bad, that's for sure."
"Like what?  He said he was going to burn the houses?"
Kredan scratched at his beard.  "Maybe the people there died somehow?  Like a disease?"
"Father preserve us," Dobrill said, touching his chest.  "I've heard stories of whole villages dying out like that."
Squad leader Horunus rode up to them.  "All of you, get back in line!" he shouted, waving his arms.  "We're going to burn this place, so everyone get back!"
"What happened?" several of them cried.
"Just get back," he said again.  His already fair skin looked even more pale than usual.
A puff of gray smoke burst from one of the huts, and then a whoosh of orange as flames spilled from the windows.  Within minutes, all of the buildings were roaring with flames, sending a thick tower of black smoke into the sky.  Oskern and his men waited just on the edge of the village, their swords drawn.  Thankfully the huts were far enough away from the trees at the back of the beach that there was little danger of the fire spreading.  But they kept a close eye on it to make sure none of the trees caught fire.  
Everyone else just stood and watched the flames in silence.  The priests in their red and blue shawls stood with grave looks on their faces, hands folded in front of them.  Even from such a distance, Jasson could feel the heat on his face.  Some of the men whispered and gave quick prayers to the Father, although what they prayed for, Jasson couldn't tell.  
When the fires died down, leaving nothing but smoking piles of ash, Oskern and his men trudged back along the beach.  Some of the men on horseback had ridden into the forest for some reason.  Were they looking for survivors?  When they returned, Oskern convened with them briefly.  After a short discussion, Oskern mounted his steed and they all rode back to the column of troops.
"Let's get moving," Oskern barked.  "I want to get as far away from this damned place as possible.  Jannick, take some men and scout ahead, and everyone keep your eyes open."
Two mounted archers took off ahead of them, and Oskern bellowed for the column to move out.  They had to go back around the lake in the direction they had come, and then continue their march through the wooded hills.  As they walked, the men around Jasson talked and speculated about it.
"Aren't they even going to tell us what happened?"
"I heard one of them priests up there saying there was bodies.  I bet it was some kind of disease killed them people off."
"That's why they burned the place.  I hope they didn't touch anything."
"Those huts looked about to collapse on themselves.  You could tell nobody lived there for months at least.  They weren't in danger."
They marched away from the lake, but the hazy black smoke seemed to follow them like a dark cloud until night fell several hours later.  When they set up camp that night, some information finally began to filter through the ranks.  The squad leaders passed it on to the regular soldiers, who told the cooks and other workers in the camp, who finally shared it with the new recruits.
"I guess they found a bunch of dead bodies," Kredan said, leaning in toward their campfire.  "They don't want to talk about it.  Must have been pretty awful to see."
Jasson slouched against a fallen log, a bowl of steaming soup in his lap.  He wanted to let it cool down a bit before eating it.  Last time he had been too greedy with his evening meal, he burned his tongue.  "It didn't look like many people lived their anyway.  It wasn't a very big village."
"Yeah, I can't even imagine what it would have been like if a big village had died off like that."
"Crazy," Aldus muttered.  "There must have been some people who lived.  They probably packed up and moved away.  Maybe if we find another village we can ask if they know what happened."
Kredan nodded.  "I'm sure the Captain will ask.  But I'm just hoping that if anyone did leave that place, they didn't bring some disease with them.  I'd be really worried if we found another village like that."
The episode at the village nagged on their minds for a couple of days until they were well out of the forest and marching across open grassland once more.  The complete change of scenery improved everyone's mood, even Captain Oskern's.
The Kavas Mountains lay behind them like huge rocky knuckles of some godlike giant, rising up above the southern plains.  The tallest peaks practically reached the clouds even farther to the north, and many of them were coated with caps of white.  It amazed him to see the mountains from this perspective.  Right now it felt warm like spring, but he could actually see snow in the distance.  He found it hard to imagine that his home lay nestled somewhere deep in those towering slopes of rock and thick forest.
"I wonder where Oakenfal is?" Nellan said, staring up at the place they had come from.
"Right there," Aldus said, pointing.  "I can see it from here, can't you?"
They had a good laugh about it, but their laughter was hollow.  Aldus was right before.  Jasson didn't think he would ever be able to find Oakenfal again.  Seeing it this way, he realized just how vast and huge the mountains were, and how many tiny villages like his were spread across its unbelievable length.  He could spend years traveling and never find his family again.
In the other direction, there was a distant expanse of flat plains and gentle hills stretching for miles and miles.  They were more than halfway to their destination now, and the easy landscape would make travel easier and faster.  In another few days, even the mountains would seem far away.
Jasson started walking.
Chapter Six
The Silver Road

All day, Alona watched boats and ships of all shapes and sizes travel along the huge rolling river.  At some places, the river was so wide that there were actually narrow islands out in the middle of it, dotted with sparse trees.  Alona kept her head cocked to the side for long that she developed an ache in her neck.  
Their progress increased greatly as soon as they were able to travel by road, and instead of the slow meandering pace they were forced to keep by the rough terrain, they could move along at a pretty quick speed.  The horses kept up a steady trot most of the time, swishing their bushy tails and wagging their heads as if enjoying the trip.  Alona had gotten better at riding, but the faster pace made her more nervous about falling off, so she held onto Dashelus and Konry even more tightly than before.  She usually switched horses in the middle of the day when they stopped briefly to eat some lunch, so she got to ride with both of them.  Her thighs and buttocks ached from sitting astride a horse for so long day after day, but thankfully her seat was cushioned enough with furs that she didn't develop any blisters or bruises.  Switching horses gave her a chance to walk around a bit and stretch her legs.
At night, if there was no convenient town or village for them to stay at, they camped a few hundred yards beyond the road.  Dashelus stood watch at the beginning of the night, while Alona and Konry went to sleep.  "There are bandits and robbers who patrol the Silver Road sometimes," he said.  "They like to ambush small groups of travelers like us.  We should keep an eye out, at least until we reach Silvertown."
"Would they attack soldiers in the Grand Army?"
"Sure they would," Dashelus said.  "Criminals don't care too much who they steal from."
As they traveled, Alona found the landscape almost indescribably beautiful, the wide plains and low forests stretching for miles and miles as far as she could see.  After spending her entire life in the mountains, it was strange to see such an amazing distance.  She caught glimpses of small communities scattered along the river, and when they passed by large tracts of farmland, the people walking in the fields were barely specks on the horizon, they seemed so far away.
Seeing such huge fields of crops amazed her.  Vast rippling fields of grain and corn stretched out along the river like a blanket of swaying grass.  The farms up in the mountains were small bits of land for growing vegetables like potatoes and turnips, not huge sprawling fields like the ones she saw here.  Tending to farmland like this must take dozens of people working all together, there was no way a single farmer could take care of so much land.
Most of the small villages along the river were fishing communities.  For the most part, they rode on by, keeping to the road.  Long sections of the Silver Road were paved with stone, but other parts were just dirt.  They also crossed several other small rivers by way of stone bridges.  The horse's metal shoes clacked loudly on the stone when they crossed and Alona could hear the gurgle of water beneath them.
"Did you recruit people from these villages too?" she asked one afternoon.
"We didn't come this way," Konry replied.  "We left Samorath and traveled north, and then west across the mountains."
"Why did you have to travel that way?"
"Well, the whole point of the mission was to visit as many villages in the mountains as we could.  Some of those places don't have a lot of contact with the rest of the empire, so we wanted to inform them about developments in the capital and things like that, so that even the more remote places still had some knowledge about what was happening in the rest of Arvia."
"I bet my village was pretty out of touch," Alona said.  "I don't think we had any visitors from outside the mountains in several years at least."
"Some of the places we saw didn't know that Karustra was the King.  They still thought his father Haveros was King, but Haveros died almost ten years ago."
"How did he die?"
"Natural causes, or so they said.  He'd been sick for a few years, so it was no surprise.  His father Savrostra died at around the same age, if I remember right.  That was before I was born, of course."
Dashelus said, "I think both Haveros and Savrostra died when they were about sixty years old.  Karustra is forty, so he should reign another twenty years at least, if he lives to be as old as his father."
"Everyone talks about the King," Alona said.  "But he must be married, right?  Is there a Queen?"
"Of course," Konry said.  "Her name is Queen Yaneri.  She doesn't take part in the government, even though she has the right to do so.  She stays in the royal private residence within the Grand Palace most of the time.  She doesn't go out in public very often."
"Why is that?"
Konry shrugged.  "I can't really say.  Their marriage was arranged, of course."
"What do you mean, arranged?"
"Their parents set up the marriage for political purposes.  King Haveros decided who Karustra would marry."
"Do they really do that?"
"Marriage among the noble families is a little bit different than marriage among common people like us," Dashelus said.  "I guess it's one of the reasons that the King has a harem.  He can choose his own lovers, even if he can't choose his wife."
"Some of the politicians in Samorath can have more than one wife," Konry said.  "Or more than one husband, I suppose, but that's pretty rare."
"More than one?  That doesn't make any sense."
Konry shrugged lightly, not really caring.  "It's not something I have to worry about," he snickered.
Alona wondered if maybe he and Dashelus were setting her up for some elaborate joke.  Konry would be exactly the kind of person to do that, she thought.  Did wealthy people in Samorath really marry more than one person?  Did they really make arrangements for who their own children would marry?  That would be simply awful.  Marriage was meant to be a holy union with the blessing of the Mother and Father between two people who loved each other, not some political agreement or business deal.
She asked, "So do the King and Queen have any children?"
"Now that is a bit of gossip," Konry said.  "As a matter of fact, they don't have children yet, even though they have been married for almost ten years, and Yaneri is how old now?  Almost thirty?  In another couple years, she might be too old to bear a healthy child.  At least that's the worry."
"What would happen if the King doesn't have any children?"
"Well, if Karustra died without a son, then the High Council would have to figure out who the closing living relative was.  I think Karustra has some cousins who might be crowned King if that happened."
Dashelus said, "But if Yaneri doesn't bear him a son in another few years, they might find a way to end the marriage so he can marry someone else who can give him an heir."
"Strange," Alona said.  It was as if marriage among the wealthy in Samorath was merely a means to an end, a way to get a legitimate heir, or a way to establish a beneficial political alliance.  Anything but a loving relationship between a man and woman.  Or between a man and a man, for that matter.  She was still trying to wrap her head around the fact that Konry and Dashelus were lovers, but their relationship seemed normal compared to the King's strange relationship with the Queen.
"So does the son of the King automatically become King?" she asked.
Konry scratched at his cheek and looked out across the river.  "Usually, but not necessarily.  The High Council can decide if the King's heir isn't worthy.  That's actually why Karustra's grandfather Savrostra became King, if I remember right."
Dashelus said, "Don't you remember your history?"
"Well, it wasn't exactly my favorite subject at the Academy."
Alona listened as Dashelus took the time to explain the intricacies of how the Arvian empire chose its Kings.  If there was an heir, then the High Council would hold a vote to decide if the heir should be allowed to ascend to the throne.  The High Council had nine members and the vote was a simple majority, but most of the time it was a token vote with a predetermined outcome, as was the case with Karustra and his father Haveros.  There was rarely any real debate.  Either the heir was ready to be King or he wasn't.  And in the unlikely event that a royal heir to the throne was deemed unsuitable for any reason, the High Council would convene and choose someone else to take his place.
  "Before Savrostra, there was King Tanyagar," Dashelus said.  "He had two sons, but the High Council decided that neither of them was fit to rule.  So they chose Savrostra, who was Tanyagar's nephew by his sister Tanyira.   At the time, it was a very shocking decision for the High Council to make, but I think everyone agrees it was the right one."
"Can a woman be King?" Alona asked.  "I mean, can a Queen be the ruler?"
"Sure, but it hasn't happened in a long time.  There was a Queen named Afresia a long time ago that ruled Arvia after her husband died.  The High Council chose her to succeed him because they had no children."
"So Queen Yaneri could be chosen?"
"She wouldn't be.  Like I said, she doesn't really get involved in the government."
They discussed politics for most of the afternoon, but Alona soon grew confused and stopped paying attention.  It was hard to keep track of all the different ranks of people.  The political organization of Samorath had Counselors and Administrators and Advisers and Managers and Governors, and soon it all became a hopeless jumble in her head.  She completely lost track of which people were in charge of which part of the government, and who outranked who.  It all seemed so much simpler in her home village.  The village elder was the one in charge and that was it.  
She could not comprehend why they needed so many different levels of government, and the only person she could keep straight was the King.  And then Dashelus and Konry started talking about the military organization within the Grand Army, and she had to ask them both to stop.  She wasn't going to be involved with the army, so their various ranks and positions meant nothing to her.
Konry said, "Someday, I'm sure that Dashelus will be a Captain or even a Commander.  Not me, though.  I don't have the patience to be in charge."
"Or the discipline," Dashelus said.  "If I get promoted to Captain, I promise I'll make you a squad leader or something."
They were riding at a steady pace down the road, which was bordered on each side by tall clusters of trees with heavy fronds.  They were no longer within sight of the river, as the road followed a natural rise that dropped steeply toward the water, and although they could still hear the occasional horn or bell coming from the shipping boats, their view on both sides was blocked by the trees and dense foliage.  There was no one else traveling this section of the road, and they hadn't seen another traveler for most of the morning.
When the attack came, it happened with only the slightest warning.
Alona rode with Konry, with Dashelus following behind.  Konry was in the middle of a story when his horse neighed loudly and shook its head.
There was a rustle from the bushes up ahead of them, and Alona leaned to the side to get a better look.  Dashelus suddenly called out, "Kon!"
A figure dressed in a ratty green jacket and black trousers emerged from the bushes twenty yards ahead of them.  Alona was confused at first, when she belatedly realized the man was armed with a crossbow in his lanky arms.  With a loud crack like the sound of a breaking branch, the crossbow fired.
Kon yanked on his horse's reins, saving his life.  The bolt, aimed at his chest, struck his horse right in the side of the throat.  The animal screeched and bucked wildly, and Alona screamed along with it, grabbing tightly to Konry's torso.
"Jump!" Konry cried.
Alona let go and shoved off with her legs, falling through the air and landing hard on her back, the breathe blowing from her lungs with a whoosh.  She gasped painfully and pulled herself back in time to see Konry tumble from the saddle as his horse collapsed, its legs kicking wildly and blood spurting from the severed artery in its throat.
Konry rolled to his feet, his sword swinging from the scabbard with a sharp metallic keen.  The man with the crossbow panicked, eyes wide with shock as he dropped the bulky weapon and fumbled for a knife in his belt.  Konry moved like a blur, his sword slashing the air with a shimmer of red as he opened the man's throat.  
Alona rolled over as more figures crept from the trees, converging on them.  She tried to cry out, but there was no breath, and she coughed dust, trying to regain her voice.
Dashelus rode forward, turning his horse sideways with his bow in his hands, pulling back and letting an arrow fly with a snap of the string.  He didn't even look behind him when he reached for an arrow, his arm moved involuntarily to snatch one from the quiver and slide it into position on the bow.  He let three arrows fly in the space of a breath.  One of the attackers went down with an arrow sticking from his throat.
"Look out!" Alona gasped, trying to find her feet.
Konry spun around and deflected a downward strike from a man wielding a long-handled axe.  The blade swept past Konry's leg and he twisted his sword before thrusting it deep into the other man's chest.
Dashelus jumped down from his horse, drawing another arrow and letting it fly.  It struck his target in the upper arm, making the man cry out and drop his sword.  As Dashelus pulled another arrow and drew his arm back, Alona spotted another man armed with a crossbow coming down the road behind them.
"Dashelus!" she cried.
He spun around and fired at the man with the crossbow, striking him in the chest.  The man groaned, staggering backward, his hand gripping the shaft protruding from the front of his dirty tunic, and fell to his knees.  Konry ran across to the other side of the road as the other wounded man picked his sword back up.  Before he could raise it to defend himself, Konry slashed down with his sword, opening the man's stomach and spilling his guts.
Dashelus looked around rapidly for anyone else, but there were no other attackers hiding by the side of the road.  Alona managed to sit upright, her breath coming fast and frantically, her heart slamming in her chest.
"I think we got them all," Konry said, breathing heavily.
 The man behind them raised his crossbow, his arms shaking with the effort.  Alona caught a glimpse and screamed, pointing at him.  The crossbow snapped and Dashelus twirled, letting another arrow fly.  The man rocked backward as the arrow struck him in right in the heart.
Alona almost felt the bolt as it zipped right by her head.  She fell back on her arms and looked up as Konry sagged to one knee, gasping in surprise, his sword slipping from his fingers.  The crossbow bolt jutted from his stomach, just underneath the lower edge of his chest armor, blood spilling down the front of his pants.  He put his hand on the bolt and collapsed to his side.
"Konry!" Dashelus screamed, dropping his bow and running over to him.  Konry rolled onto his back and let out a trembling breath, his bloody hands rising up to his chest.  
Dashelus knelt down and cradled Konry's head in his lap, staring in shock at the blood gushing across Konry's waist.  He tried to pull the front of his armor away in a futile attempt to get to the wound, but there was blood everywhere, spilling across his groin and down his thighs, the bolt running right through his belly.  Shakily, Alona got to her feet and just stared in disbelief, her brain barely able to process what she was seeing.
"Kon, please, no," Dashelus gasped, his face aghast.  He tried to push down on the wound, desperate to stop the flow of blood, but there was nothing he could do.
"I'm sorry," Konry whispered, looking up at him.  "I'm so sorry, Dash.  I'm sorry.  It doesn't even hurt."
"No, Kon, don't do this to me," Dashelus sobbed, his hand touching Konry's face, leaving bloody fingerprints on his cheek.  "Just hold on, please?"
"I'm sorry, it's too late," Konry said, his voice barely a whisper.  He seemed to be looking past Dashelus, into the sky.  "Don't forget about me.  It's okay, Dash.  I'm sorry."  He let out a long, slow breath and his arms fell limp at his sides.
Dashelus leaned over him, his shoulders trembling, tears dripping off his chin, his face pinched in a grimace of agony.  Konry's head lolled to the side and Dashelus sat there, crying silently and holding the body in his arms.
Alona could only stand there, doing nothing.  She felt wetness on her cheeks and discovered that she was crying too.
Chapter Seven
Fort Tagon

For eight days, they walked across rocky hills and through narrow ravines like great dry cracks across the landscape.  The rocks were sharp and gray, and a few men who wandered too close to the jutting spikes of stone scratched up their shoulders and arms as they marched.  Jasson's legs and feet ached with each step they took, and many of the other new recruits were suffering in the same way he was.  Their soft leather and fur boots were great for keeping their feet warm while traveling through the snowy mountains, but they offered little support when marching for days across hard, rocky ground.  Each night, they had to tenderly remove their boots to inspect their feet for blisters and bruises.  
Jasson wondered if they were ever going to reach their destination.  It seemed that the world just kept stretching out the farther they went, and the distant sea was forever beyond their reach.  When he slumped onto his dirty blankets to go sleep at night, he could not believe that they had come so far, and still had farther yet to go.  Sometimes his legs and feet hurt so much that he had trouble falling asleep from the pain.
The weather was relentlessly dry and warm, making him drip with sweat every day.  Most everyone abandoned their heavy fur jackets and parkas due to the change in temperature.  Jasson  carried his along with him for awhile, but when it became clear that he would not ever need to wear a heavy coat like that again, he simply left it behind.  The marching line of soldiers left a trail of discarded fur coats on their way toward the coast. 
Around great towering slabs of rock and down through twisting crevices they marched, sometimes squeezing down until they were almost marching single file.  Then they would climb up slopes of sandy rock and spread out again until they had to traverse another ravine.  The ground was mostly solid rock, covered in loose pebbles and the occasional prickly plant sticking up through some crack in the stone.  But there were no trees at all, only tiny bushes and stalks of hard grass growing intermittently.  There were no villages in this region at all.
"It's no surprise nobody lives out here," Aldus said, wiping sweat from his forehead.  "There's no animals, no good soil to plant anything."
"I haven't seen anything bigger than a mouse since we started walking through this barren land," Nellan agreed.  "Any hunter trying to find prey out here would starve to death."
"There's birds, though," Jasson said, pointing skyward, where a few small birds flitted and darted overhead.
"Too small," Nellan said, squinting as he looked up.  "And you could never hit one of them with an arrow, I don't care how good of an archer you are."
Aldus shrugged.  "All I know is that I would love a good hunk of venison for dinner tonight."
"Keep dreaming," Jasson said.  "It will be more of that gray bread and watery soup like the last few nights."
"Ugh, don't remind me."
Their food stores ran low without any villages to replenish their supplies along the way, so they were left to eat whatever remained.  Long gone were the bowls of thick porridge and chopped vegetables.  All that was left were sacks of old grain and stale bread without even much seasoning to give it flavor.  
Late in the afternoon one day, they crested a hill and for the first time, caught a glimpse of the sea in the distance.  Jasson almost missed it because he wasn't paying attention, but Nellan slapped him on the arm and pointed at the narrow strip of dark blue on the edge of the horizon.  Some of the men ahead of them cheered tiredly and congratulated themselves that their journey was almost over.  Jasson stared at the distant line of water until they marched back down into another rocky valley, obscuring their view once more.
They all knew what the sea was, but none of the men marching with Jasson had ever seen it with their own eyes.  Like him, they had spent their whole lives in the mountains.  Only the soldiers who rode up near the front of the army, the ones who had originally traveled from the great city of Samorath, had actually seen the sea before.  Jasson could envision such a massive body of water in his mind, but he somehow knew that it would not fit what he could see in his imagination.  He tried to think what a huge fleet of ships looked like, sailing across the waves, and smiled to himself as they kept up their marching.  They all moved with a purpose, knowing their final destination was now finally almost within sight.  The air carried an unfamiliar salty tang, the scent of the sea.
"You think we'll camp for the night?" someone asked behind him.
"Naw," another man replied, "I figure the Captain will just tell us to keep marching until we reach the place."
"What do you think it will be like there?  I don't even know what it will look like."
"We'll find out soon enough."
They continued for the rest of the day, and each time they crossed over a hill, Jasson got another closer look at the sea.  The sun dipped down below the horizon and turned the sky a fiery shade of orange, and Jasson gasped in amazement at how the vast expanse of water seemed to glow red, as if the entire land was covered in burning embers.  Captain Oskern was right about that much, seeing the sunset over the sea was an amazing sight.
A rider came back to tell everyone to hurry up so they could make it to the fort before night fell.  Despite the stabbing pains in his feet, Jasson did as he was told, and kept up a steady jog as the sky turned dark.  It took them almost an entire month to reach the fort, and he wasn't going to let sore feet slow him down now, when he was so close.  A few stragglers in the back quickly fell behind as the rest of the group increased its pace.  
"Look," Nellan said suddenly, panting for breath.  "I think we finally made it!"
They crossed through a field scattered with boulders and found themselves overlooking a wide expanse that swept across to a large square building that sat perched atop a rocky bluff with shallow, flat sides.  Bright orange bonfires were lit up all around the fort, illuminating it in the deepening twilight, and dozens more, smaller fires were lit up in braziers along the fort's high stone walls.  Surrounding the fort below the cliff was another long wall dotted with fires, and behind that they could see more small buildings and structures.
Men in front of them shouted, "We made it!  The fort is just ahead!"
Jasson set his hands on his knees and leaned forward to catch his breath.  His feet and legs were killing him, but the sight of their destination gave him a burst of energy, and he quickly renewed his pace.  They marched across the field and down a slope to a wide open area that led to the main walls.    At that point, they were all ordered to stop.
"Welcome to Fort Tagon," one of the soldiers on horseback shouted.  "Congratulations, you've made it.  We're going to set up camp out here, so you can all sit down and get some rest."
"I thought this was Bakk," someone asked, mirroring Jasson's own question.
"Bakk is south of here.  But we're done marching for the night, so go ahead and set up camp."
"You mean we're not going inside?" a man muttered.
The field was cleared of loose rocks, so there was nothing to sit on.  Everyone around him just dropped to the ground, but Jasson remained standing and took a long look around.
The wall extended all the way around the low cliff, but far off to each side, he had a clear view all the way down to the shoreline.  There were a few small huts spread out along the beach, and long boats propped up on wooden poles.  Jasson heard the rushing sound of waves splashing across the sand, and thought about running down to the beach to see it for himself.  But he would have plenty of time to explore the beach in the months to come.  Right now it was dark outside and he was exhausted from a long day.
For dinner, they were served a delicious dinner of roast fish and thick stew full of potatoes and more chunks of fish, which they gulped down hungrily.  The food was brought from the fort by a group of locals dressed in light tunics and sandals, carrying bowls in each hand.  The gates opened up and more people filed out to greet the newcomers, including soldiers and more servants and workers, until there was a large crowd of people all talking and laughing and making merry.  The soldiers and recruits were happy to finally reach their destination, but they were not the only ones.  All of the servants and cooks and camp followers also were happy to be there.
"Come on," Nellan said.  "Some of the other guys are going down to see the water.  There's more people down there too."
"I'm still eating," Jasson said, his bowl balanced on his knees.
"I'm too tired to take another step," Aldus agreed, stretched out on the ground.
"Man, you guys are missing out."
"It can wait till tomorrow."
"Fine, suit yourselves."
Nellan hurried off with some of the other new recruits, while Jasson finished off his dinner and listened to the dozens of conversations all around him.  People he had never seen before greeted him as they walked by, welcoming him to the fort.  There were a group of people seated in a circle nearby, with a small campfire already going.  Jasson recognized most of them from the long march, but there were two other soldiers he didn't know, as well as a plump woman from the fort, one of the local villagers who had brought out their meals.
There were other women as well, pretty serving girls with long braided hair and dusky skin.  Jasson eyed some of them intently, but looked away before any of them made eye contact.  It was good to see some pretty female faces again after a long month with only a few women around.  But the sight of them made Jasson think about Alona.  He hadn't thought about her in weeks, and he grew annoyed at himself for suddenly thinking of her now.  She was gone for good and he would never see her again.  It was best to just forget about her.
He stood back up and groaned at the soreness in his legs.  "I think I'm going to walk around a bit and maybe find some people to talk to," he said with a sigh.
"I think I'm going to sit right here and rest," Aldus said.  "I'll talk to people tomorrow."
A voice shouted from up near the gates.  "We've got cider for whoever wants a drink!"
Aldus sat up immediately.  "Did they say they have cider?"
"Let's go," Jasson laughed, pulling Aldus to his feet.  
There was a crowd by the time they got there.  A fat man with a beard and green tunic was handing out mugs of cider as fast as he could pour them.  Jasson grabbed one and took a long swallow, savoring the strong flavor.  He had to squeeze through the crowd to get away, and lost track of Aldus in the process.
Everywhere, there were people walking around, laughing and mingling with the new recruits until Jasson couldn't tell who was who.  He found himself swept along with a group of recruits that walked through the gates into the outer fort yard.  There were stables lined with dozens of horses, supply sheds packed with tools, and at the far end, shacks with low ceilings that Jasson guessed housed some of the villagers and other residents.
"Welcome!" a woman shouted happily, quickly embracing a few of the men as she headed out of the fort.
"Maybe this ain't gonna be as bad as I thought," someone joked.
"Yeah, I like it here already."
In the middle of the outer yard, there was another gate which led to a short road up to the main fort.  That gate was closed, and guards were posted at towers on each side.  Jasson followed the others around and lifted his mug to his mouth again, finding it empty.  There was so much for him to see, he barely had time to really think about anything.  He could barely keep track of all the new faces and the new surroundings.  
The cider was much stronger than he had expected, and he felt dizzy as the alcohol rushed to his head.  He meandered away from the group and returned to get another mug.  It made him pleasantly light-headed and he wandered aimlessly back out to the camp.  The sky was dark, but the whole camp was filled with bright campfires, sending glowing embers up that seemed to blend in with the stars.
"Hey kid, you're one of the new arrivals?" someone came up and asked him.
"Yes," Jasson said slowly.
"We've been waiting for you to get here for weeks!  You guys are replacing us!  Now we finally get to head south!  We're all being reassigned to a new fort in Tarnasis!"
"We're happy to be here.  It was a long trip."
The man laughed giddily and Jasson tried to focus his eyes as his vision swam.  Strong hands patted him roughly on the shoulder, almost knocking him over, and then the man was gone.  There was still some cider left in his mug, so he drank it down and let the mug slip from his fingers.
Out of nowhere, Aldus appeared.  "Jasson!  There you are," he said, taking his arm.
"Hey," Jasson replied, wavering on his feet.
"Whoa, how much cider have you had?"
"Just two."
"It's strong stuff, you've got to be careful."
"Now you tell me."
"Come on, I found Nellan.  He's down on the beach making new friends already."
Jasson let himself be led out of the camp and down to the line of huts at the edge of the beach, where a large group of people were seated on low benches around a blazing bonfire.  Nellan was there, as well as Kredan and a few others.  Their faces glowed orange in the firelight, and the sounds of laughter echoed all the way across the sand to the rushing surf.
"It does get cold here in the winter," a woman was saying, "but probably not as cold as you boys are used to.  We don't get much snow at all."
"Are there more villages down that way?" Nellan asked.
"Oh yes, mostly local fishermen.  There are little villages all along the coast here, and along the river too, but no big cities.  We're far from the heart of the empire."
"The river?"
The woman laughed.  "Yes, the mouth of the Silver River is a few miles south of here.  Haven't they told you anything?  That's where Bakk is.  There's a big village there, too.  You're going to be stationed in Bakk and not here, right?
"I have no idea," Nellan said.  "Nobody really told us anything."
"Sometimes raiders from the Spike come down here in the summer.  They try to get down the river because it leads almost all the way to Samorath.  About four or five years ago, they attacked here.  I don't even remember how many ships they had, it must have been ten or fifteen of them."
"They attacked the fort?"
"And the camp at the river, but they weren't able to break through."
"Did they kill anyone?" Nellan asked.
"Lots of people," the woman said with a dismissive shrug.  "But you boys all just got here, you don't have to worry about that.  You won't be fighting off any raiders until they train you."
"When will they start training us?"
"Oh, I don't know, you'll have to ask your commander."
Jasson sat back and listened as some local people talked about what life was like down here on the coast.  Most of them were fishermen or farmers.  There were few hunters like up in the mountains.  Most of their clothes were made of cloth and not animal skin, and even their speech sounded a little bit strange to him.  Instead of heavy fur pants and jackets, everyone wore light shirts and tunics, and the men wore shorts while the women mostly had skirts on.  
Seeing so much exposed skin made Jasson feel awkward, and his eyes kept creeping involuntarily to the bare thighs and calves of the women and girls seated around the bonfire.  Back in Oakenfal, they didn't dress so lightly even in the summer, so he was unaccustomed to seeing women dress that way.  He knew he wasn't the only one.  He noticed that Aldus seemed fascinated with the local women as well.
"Lots of the soldiers here are leaving soon," a male villager said.  "Some of the guys here have lived at this fort for five or six years, so they're bringing them south to one of the large forts down that way.  You'll be replacing them, so I hope you boys are up to it," he added with a laugh.
Jasson took a drink from the glass of cider that found its way into his hand.  More people walked along the beach, talking loudly.  He could even hear what sounded like singing from one of the nearby huts.  Somehow, the soreness and pain in his feet and legs was totally gone now, but he suspected that the alcohol had something to do with it.
He eventually drifted away from the bonfire, feeling too warm with the heat on his face.  He made his way back toward the fort and walked through the gate, catching a glimpse of Captain Oskern walking past with a redheaded woman beside him.  She wasn't dressed like the a villager though, so he figured she was a soldier.  There was a large group of soldiers standing around, their boisterous voices rising over the loud noise of the celebration within the fort.
A peculiar sense of euphoria swept over him.  He just felt like laughing, as if all of his worldly problems had faded away.  The stress and frustration of the long march was finally over, and the lingering doubts and fears over his decision were gone for good.  He felt like a tightness in his chest was released, letting him breath deeply for the first time in weeks.  He inhaled until his lungs were full, taking in the scent of smoke and cider and people.
A couple of soldiers brushed by.  "Hey boy, where are you from?"
"A place called Oakenfal," he said, trying to focus his eyes.
"You ever killed anyone before?"
"Not yet."
The soldiers burst out laughing, spilling the mugs of cider in their hands.  "Not yet, he says!  Don't you worry, boy.  You're in the Grand Army now!  You'll get your chance to kill a man soon enough!  Maybe some marauders from the Spike will come down to meet you!"
They left him standing there, feeling somewhat bewildered.  One thing was certain.  He'd had enough cider for one night.  He considered going back to find Aldus and Nellan, but instead found himself back outside the walls, weaving his way through the disorganized camp.  He had no idea where he had left his pack, but he figured it didn't matter.  It wasn't like someone was going to steal his blankets.
"Do you really think this was the right thing to do?" came a voice from nearby.  A man was sitting on the ground away from the campfires, alone in the dark.  Jasson glanced around before be realized that the man was talking to him.
"Yeah, I think so," he replied.
"You don't regret leaving your family behind?" the man asked.
"Sure I do.  I love my family."
"Then why do it?"
"Because ..." Jasson waved his hand vaguely, searching for the right words.  "Because you can't spend your whole life trying not to regret anything.  I regret leaving my family, but if I had stayed with them, I would regret not joining the army.  Sometimes you have to do things you regret, that's just how life works."

Chapter Eight
The Grand City of Samorath

The rest of the trip, Dashelus said very little.  Alona did her best to engage him in conversation, to keep talking to him in the hopes of keeping him from falling into depression.  They had no choice but to give Konry a simple grave by the side of the road, marked with his sword.  They could not move his dead horse, so they had to leave it in the middle of the road, along with the dead bandits.  
The whole episode seemed like a bad dream now, like a shadow across her vision that she could not shake.  But she didn't know how to comfort Dashelus, or how to console him for his loss.  The fact that Dashelus and Konry was lovers was still a strange concept to her, but she tried to imagine how her father would feel if her mother died, and did her best to speak to Dashelus as supportively as she could.  But the man's grief was palpable, and every word he spoke was weighed down with pain, every breath sounding like it was about to turn into a choking sob.  
They stopped for one night at the city called Silvertown, located at the end of the Silver River.  It was much larger than the small town of Kavensbrook.  The streets were paved with gray stone, and massive stone walls and large towers rose up around the perimeter.  The inn they stayed at was twice the size of the one in Kavensbrook.  Alona wished they could have stayed in the city longer, but Dashelus was in no mood to linger there, and they left early the following morning.
After that they traveled along another road toward Samorath, but this one was more heavily trafficked than the Silver Road, with merchant carts and travelers going back and forth between the two cities on a regular basis.  They didn't run into any more problems on the way, and a few days after leaving Silvertown, they finally reached the edge of the capital.
Samorath stretched all the way to the horizon, and the closer they got, the larger and more amazing it appeared to be.  Alona could only stare, slack-jawed, as they rode across the wide central road leading to the enormous gates.  Not just at the city, but all the people.  She gaped at the hundreds of people walking all around.  There were also wagons pulled by oxen, more men riding horses, and a huge crowd of pedestrians walking on foot, more people than Alona had ever seen in one place in her entire life.
The main avenue was almost a city by itself, dotted with people selling fruits and vegetables, groups of citizens standing around with mugs in their hands, temporary wooden shacks and huts here and there, children darting across the main street and dodging the horses in some kind of game, and women with large jugs of water tied to their waists to sell drinks to people entering the city.  The noise was tremendous and constant, the loud voices and clomping hooves and children shrieking all combining into a chattering wail in her ears.  Bright jewels and gemstones adorned the necklaces that hung from the throats of the women, and decorated the hilts of the swords on the hips of the men, and the sun overhead made them twinkle and shine.
Dashelus said nothing as they rode forward, keeping his eyes on the road in front of them.  But Alona could not help but keep looking around, and whenever she made eye contact with one of the fruit sellers, they would call to her to get her attention.  They were dressed in brightly-colored scarves and loose-fitting robes with short sleeves, and their hair was slicked back and worn in a ponytail.  Most of them had simple cloth sandals on their feet and some sported wide leather belts strapped across their waists, with large metal buckles and sheathed knives.
Large banners hanging from the city wall flapped lazily in the breeze.  They were a faint gray color and were emblazoned with a large red rose in the center in the middle of a silver ring.  But as they got closer, Alona saw that the silver ring was actually a chain that circled the rose in the center.  
It took her a few moments to remember where she had seen it before.  Captain Oskern and Horunus had the same design stitched into their cloaks, but Alona had not thought of it until now.
"What is that design?" she asked.
"It's the Imperial Emblem," Dashelus replied.
"What does that mean?"
"It's like a sign that stands for the King.  Lots of the wealthy noble families have emblems or crests like that to mark their property.  The King's emblem is a flower circled by a chain, so you'll see it all over the place."
The gate into the city itself loomed over them, and Alona gazed upward as they passed underneath it.  Men carrying crossbows guarded the top of the wall, looking down suspiciously into the crowd of people below.  Alona could not imagine how they could expect to guard anything when there were so many people.  Just the area underneath the gate was fifty feet wide, practically big enough to march entire army through.
A wide wooden cart blocked the way ahead of them, loaded with bales of long grass tied with twine, stacked so high Alona was sure they were going to topple over.  The cart came to a stop and Dashelus sighed as he led their horse to a stop as well.  Around them, more people filed in and out in long, crowded lines, some on horseback and some on foot, carrying baskets and jugs and large sacks of goods.  Some of them glanced at Alona, but none of them paid her any real attention.
"There's so many people here," she said breathlessly.
"I told you it was way bigger than Silvertown," Dashelus said.  "I don't know how many people live here, but it's probably over a hundred-thousand at least.  Probably way more than that.  Half a million, for all I know."
She didn't even know what that number meant.  "How is there enough food to feed so many?"
He gestured behind them.  "All that farmland out there is for the city.  The farmers bring their crops in and sell them.  Plus, they have fishing boats out in the harbor."
She continued to look around as the horse slowly plodded forward.  "I can hardly believe so many people can live together like this."
The smell was almost overpowering.  So many people crammed in together, so many animals, and so much dung littering the streets made the entire area stink.  But Alona tried not to think about it, as the residents of the city were so used to it they probably did not even notice.
"Come on," Dashelus muttered, leading his horse around the carts blocking their path.  He moved around them, not caring who got in his way, and then continued down the packed avenue.  Now that they were in the middle of the crowd, Alona reflexively wrapped her arms a little tighter around his chest, suddenly feeling claustrophobic.
Her fur clothes were completely unlike what everyone else was wearing, and for the first time in her life, she felt like a true outsider.  Everything about these people was different, their clothing, their accent, even the color of their skin.  Most of them had brownish or reddish skin from being exposed to the sun for their whole lives, but Alona's skin was far lighter.  She supposed that in time, her skin would become like theirs if she stayed in the city.  She didn't see anyone else wearing fur boots and deerskin clothing like her, they all wore colored tunics or robes or other loose-fitting garments.
Some of the women wore slim, sleeveless dresses that barely even covered them up, and Alona was shocked to see one young woman standing up on a balcony above the street wearing nothing but a green sash across her chest, leaving one of her breasts exposed.  Some of the other women in the street had loose fitting robes that were open in the front, and they revealed their breasts whenever they leaned forward.
"Is that normal for women to dress that way?" she asked, her voice a squeak.
"Sure," Dashelus said disinterestedly.
"Will I have to ??"
"I don't know.  You won't be wearing what you have on now, I can tell you that."
She looked down at herself and tried to imagine wearing such a revealing dress, and could not do it.  But what else did she expect when she agreed to come here?  She had to remember that she was here to become part of the King's Harem, and she would be expected to dress in revealing or sensual clothes if that is what the King wanted.  Until now, she had not really thought about it.
She felt her heart pounding in her chest, and realized that she was absolutely terrified.
The broad avenue was lined on both sides with tiny little stone buildings with dark entrances, and the walkways along the road were lined with more sellers and merchants with all sorts of goods for sale.  Crops of all kinds, fruits and vegetables, flowers, jewelry, weapons, clothing, pottery, and a hundred other items.  It was an endless array of things to buy.
Their ride through the city went by in a blur of motion and sound, as she tried to look at everything at once.  There was a huge man seated upon a stone platform, surrounded by slithering snakes, while a crowd watched in fascination.  An array of beautiful women walked down the street arm in arm, gold rings in their hair.  Men wearing red and blue scarves preached to assembled crowds about the Mother and Father, their voices loud and passionate.  Strange animals with shaggy brown fur and long necks were tied to  wooden posts in front of a building nearby.  Dancing men and women in bright clothes juggled flaming batons right in the middle of the wide boulevard, while passersby tossed coins at their feet.  There were stunningly handsome men dressed with only a tiny cloth around their waist, their muscular bodies glistening with oil.  One merchant had an entire wall of sparkling swords and axes and weapons of all kinds.  There was too much for Alona to grasp in such a short time.
Even the buildings were amazing to behold.  The impressive stone buildings in Silvertown were nothing compared to the sprawling structures that she caught glimpses of just beyond the houses on this main street.  Buildings here in Samorath were made of rock and stone and heavy beams of lumber, and she was amazed to see how so many of them towered several stories tall.  There were even people crowded on the rooftops above her, laughing and looking down into the street below.  
Many of the women wore revealing dresses, and at least one woman Alona spotted was completely topless.  Many of them wore their hair in extravagant braids and curls, with jewels clipped in place.  How could Horunus think that she was so beautiful when women like this lived in Samorath?  Compared to them, Alona's appearance was boring and pathetic.  She had to look away from them, feeling insecure and ashamed all of a sudden.
But when they turned down another main street and entered the Grand Boulevard, Alona just stared in absolute disbelief.  She thought the street they were traveling was the central street through Samorath, but she could not have been more wrong.  The Grand Boulevard was an enormously wide expanse that would have easily fit twenty villages the size of Oakenfal within it.  The entire huge avenue was paved with tan-colored stones, and in the heat of the midday sun, she could actually see waves of heat emanating from the surface.  People walked everywhere in every direction, and all across the boulevard there were more performers and dancers and musicians.  The flower and chain emblem of the King was displayed prominently everywhere.
"There's the Grand Palace," Dashelus said.
At the end of the Grand Boulevard was a sparkling structure with a huge sloped roof, atop which sat a gigantic glittering diamond.  There were several buildings arranged in a rectangular compound, and each of them twinkled and sparkled so much that it staring at it made her eyes hurt.
"How does it shine like that?" she whispered in amazement.
"I don't know.  I think they coated the whole thing with crushed glass or something."
"It's beautiful."
"Yes, it is."
The front entrance to the Grand Palace grounds crawled with guards dressed in rich red tunics and bright, unblemished armor, both of which bore the Imperial Emblem.  They were armed with swords and spears, and a round shield hung from their arm, shining like a mirror.  Dashelus stopped their horse several paces away and waited for one of the guards to approach.
"What's your business?" the guard said, his face expressionless.
"I'm Dashelus of family Lasarion, and I'm with the King's Grand Army.  I was sent here by Captain Oskern to meet Administrator Oalun of the Western Coast."
"Let me see your insignia."
Dashelus handed him a small metal disk with an image stamped on it.  The guard studied it and then nodded to himself.  "All right.  Please dismount and follow me."
They both climbed down and did as they were told.  One of the other guards took Dashelus' horse, but he didn't seem concerned about it.  Alona assumed that he knew what was going on, so she followed his lead.
Once they were through the gate, it opened up into a wide courtyard with more banners hanging from the balconies of the buildings on their left and right.  Ahead was a wide doorway, with more guards standing on duty.  Alona kept close to Dashelus as they passed through, the guards barely giving them a second look.  The huge slanting roof above them extended out past the edge of the building and was supported by wooden beams, creating an open corridor of sorts.  Alona had never seen construction like this and didn't even know what to call it.
"This way," the guard said, leading them.  There were people all around, most of them dressed in gray or white robes.  Both men and women, and even a few young boys running down the corridor with notes or parcels in their hands.  More armed guards stationed at every doorway, groups of stern-faced looking men discussing politics, an elderly woman arguing loudly with a pair of guards, and a young man carrying a metal tray with glass jars of water and other drinks.  Alona had the urge to grab one, but was afraid that she wasn't allowed.
They entered through an arched doorway and down several other corridors, until Alona felt hopelessly lost.  If they left her behind, she was sure that she would never find her way out again.
She felt terribly under-dressed and hoped that no one looked at her too closely.  Her fur pants and boots were coated with dirt and grime, unlike the clean and soft fabrics of the clothing everyone else wore.  It was too warm and she was sweating too much from the heat and her own nervousness.  Dashelus and the other soldiers wore boots that clomped loudly on the stone floor, while her own fur boots skittered quietly along.
They stopped at a doorway and the guard told them to wait while he entered.  A moment later, another man came out, dressed in a dark green robe and black trousers.  He had black hair that was oiled and combed straight back, and golden rings dangled from his ears.  He pursed his lips disapprovingly at the two of them, but his gaze hung a bit longer on Alona.
"What is your business with the Administrator?" he asked in a surprisingly soft voice.
Dashelus answered, "We were sent here by Captain Oskern of family Corruth.  I'm part of the regiment traveling to Fort Bakk.  We met this young woman and the Captain believed she could become part of the King's Harem.  He said the King wished to find the most beautiful women in the entire Grand Empire."
The man narrowed his dark eyes and studied Alona a bit longer.  "I see.  What is your name, young lady?"
"Alona of family Gren."
"You have come here of your own free will?"
The question surprised her, but she nodded.  "Yes, I have."
The man's expression softened and gestured for them to follow.  They walked into the room, where Alona found several people seated at long wooden tables, hunched over with quills in their hands, carefully copying documents and scrolls.  The soldier who had brought them here left without a word, and the man in the green robe held out his hand for them to stop.
"My name is Rathan of family Cosda," he said.  "I'm the Manager of this office.  Please wait here while I speak to the Administrator.  You may have something to drink if you desire."
Dashelus gratefully took a pitcher of water and drank deeply from it, and Alona did the same.  She wiped her mouth and looked around the office, but the workers there did not seem to pay much attention to her or Dashelus.  She walked over to the window and saw a bountiful garden below the window, full of colorful flowers and saplings dotted with flowers budding on their branches.  She could see that the building was actually built around a large interior garden, like a private nature area for people working in the Grand Palace.
When she turned back around, she saw that a tall man in a purple robe had entered and was looking in her direction.  He had a weathered face with bright blue eyes that were marked with lines of age, but at first glance he seemed to be younger than he looked.  And although he was the same height as Dashelus, he looked taller because he was so thin, and his long limbs made Alona think of tree branches.  His head was completely bald, and like the Manager, his ears were decorated with golden rings.
"I'm Administrator Oalun of family Tasla," he said.  "Welcome to Samorath.  You said that Captain Oskern sent you here?"
"Yes," Dashelus said, and then he went on to explain why they had come.  Oalun nodded thoughtfully and kept glancing over at Alona, who stood politely with her hands folded in front of her.  She smiled nervously, and Oalun bowed his head and smiled back.
"Wonderful," he said, clasping his hands together.  "Rathan, send someone to see if the King is available right now.  I believe that he does not have any pressing business.  Perhaps we can arrange an introduction."
"Yes, sir," Rathan said, and he quickly left.
Oalun waved Alona over.  "Come here, my dear.  Let me get a good look at you."
She had no idea what she had expected, but so far Oalun did not match her mental image of a powerful politician.  She hadn't expected to meet him at all, she expected to be shuffled around between minor officials until she had a chance to meet the King.  She came forward and tried to smile as Oalun looked her over, as if deciding for himself if she was worth bringing before the King.  She had a momentary chill of panic.  What if Oalun didn't find her attractive?  Would he still bring her to the King?
"Where are you from, my dear?" he asked.
"I grew up in a village called Oakenfal.  It's in the mountains."
Oalun smiled at her and patted her shoulder, letting his hand slide down her arm.  "Well, you've certainly come a very long way from home.  How do you like the Grand City?  It must be quite an experience to see it for the first time."
"Yes, it really is.  It's a little bit overwhelming."
Oalun chuckled softly, sliding his hands into his pockets.  He had a kind, fatherly face, and his blue eyes were quick and expressive.  His relaxed, polite manner put her at ease, but she had the peculiar sense that he was studying her.  It was as if the friendly look in his eyes did not match the tone of his voice.
"Excuse me," Dashelus said.  "But may I be dismissed?  It's been a long trip, and I'd like to return to the Grand Army Hall to check in and get some supplies."
"Yes, of course you may.  I'll take care of Alona for the time being."
"Thank you.  I'll come back here when I'm done."
He gave her a short wave as he left, and she waved back.  She knew that the real reason he had to leave was to report Konry's death, but he had not told Oalun about that.  She guessed that he would rather explain it to his fellow soldiers in the army.  Or maybe he just thought it wasn't necessary to mention it to the Administrator in person.
Oalun led her into another room and she took a seat on a low couch with very soft cushions that she almost sank into.  His personal office was larger than the other room, with two wide desks and shelves along the wall filled with sculptures and bound sheets of paper.  Alona knew what books were, but she'd never actually seen one before.  Oalun's office was full of them, as well as stacks of rolled parchment and other paper documents like the ones his assistants copied out in the main office.
He sat down at one of the desks and questioned her about her background and why she wanted to join the harem.  Alona tried to answer him the best she could, and he took great interest in her answers.
"They told me it was a once in a lifetime opportunity," she said.  "I thought it was an incredible chance, so I took it."
"Were you happy in your home village?"
"I guess I was.  I never really thought about it until they came and told me that I could come here.  Maybe I wasn't happy there after all."
Oalun nodded, his eyes carefully moving down her leg and back up, following the outline of her body as she spoke.  After spending so long with Konry and Dashelus, she almost had forgotten the reason she had been given this chance was because she was supposedly beautiful.  Truthfully, she didn't know if she believed it yet.  But the look in Oalun's blue eyes was quite clear.  Even dressed in dirty furs like she was, he could not keep his eyes off her.
Rathan returned a few minutes later.  "The King is in the Grand Hall.  There are a few visitors, but if you go to him right now, I think he would be willing to see her."
Oalun clapped his hands.  "Wonderful.  Come, Alona.  Let's go and meet the King."

Chapter Nine
Larando

After three months of slow travel, constant delays, and terrible weather, Oskern was relieved to finally be somewhere that at least imitated some of the comforts of civilized society.  His only thought as they rode through the gates into Fort Tagon was that he would be able to actually sleep in a real bed, and that was enough to put a thin smile on his rugged face.  He could get a hot meal, take a hot bath, and with any luck, get a hot little lady to crawl under the covers with him.
He spoke wearily to one of the squad leaders.  "Mardos, go back and let them know we're here.  Just tell them to set up camp outside.  We'll take them to Bakk tomorrow."
"With pleasure, sir," Mardos said, riding off.
"You sure you don't want to take them down to Bakk right now?" Horunus asked.
"I'm too damn tired.  It can wait until morning."
A team of soldiers wielding spears approached, led by a tall man with long brown hair braided behind his head.  The torchlight glinted off his polished armor cuirass.  He saluted and gave Oskern a friendly nod.  "Captain Oskern, I presume?  Welcome to Fort Tagon.  We've been waiting for you, sir.  I'm squad leader Kashone of family Sark."
"Thank you, Kashone," Oskern said.  "Is Captain Larando available?  I'd like to speak with him right away."
"Of course, sir."
"I've told my men to set up camp just outside the fort.  That won't cause a problem, I hope."
"No, sir, that's fine.  We've already ordered the kitchen staff to get some food prepared for you all.  I'm sure it's been a long trip."
"You have no idea."
Kashone called for his men to open the inner gate so they could head up the steep path to the main fort.  Oskern took Horunus and Jannick with him, leaving everyone else behind.  Kashone marched with a full team of men to act as a proper escort, which Oskern liked to see.  It encouraged him to see the men here taking their duties seriously, even when it wasn't necessary.  The heavy metal portcullis on the fort was even in place, and they had to wait a minute for the guards to raise it.  The thick metal chain clanked and groaned as the portcullis rose up over their heads, allowing them to pass through.
They dismounted and left their horses with a pair of serving boys who guided the tired animals away to get fed and watered.  Oskern groaned and stretched his sore legs, readjusting his belt and scabbard around his waist.  It would have been nice if he had the time to get refreshed before meeting the Captain of the fort, but it was so late that he didn't think it was worth the bother.  Meeting with the Captain Larando was not truly necessary.  It was a formality and a courtesy that could have waited until the morning, but Oskern felt it would be best to meet with him right away.
Behind him, Horunus cleared his throat.  "Hmm," he murmured.
Oskern turned to see a woman walking towards them.  For a second he thought she must be an assistant or serving girl, until he realized she was armed.  She was dressed in well-worn, form-fitting brown leather and had swords hanging from each hip.  Her most striking feature was her bright red hair, which glinted in the light of the torches.
"Thank you, Kashone," the woman said in a clipped voice.  "I'll take over here.  Please have your men assist of all the newcomers and make sure no one gets into any trouble.  Have Ganion and Delarus help you."
"Yes, Sergeant," Kashone said.
As Kashone and the other men walked off, Oskern questioned, "Sergeant?"
The woman stared at him squarely.  It was hard to discern the color of her eyes in the light, but they appeared to be gray or very light blue, and they were cold and intense.  She had a narrow face with a sharp chin and cheekbones.  Oskern guessed her age at early thirties.
"Yes," she said.  "My name is Shianne of family Dree.  I'm the Sergeant here.  If you'll follow me, I can take you directly to Captain Larando, unless you would like to take a walk around the fort first."
"No, that's fine," Oskern said.  "I'd like to see him right away."
"Then follow me."
She turned on her heel and strode off, and Oskern almost had to hurry to keep up with her.  He glanced back at Horunus, who could only shrug and go along with it.  Jannick shook his head but said nothing.  They went through a heavy wooden door into the officer's quarters, and the Sergeant led them wordlessly down the hall and up a staircase to the second story.  
It wasn't uncommon for women to serve in the Grand Army, especially out here at the more distant outposts where qualified men might be in short supply, and Oskern had in fact recruited a few himself in the past few weeks.  But it was almost unheard of for a woman to achieve the rank of Sergeant.  Oskern hoped that his surprise hadn't been too obvious, but at the same time, she could hardly have expected otherwise.  He wondered how the soldiers under her felt about having a woman in charge, but Kashone didn't seem to mind.
If Oskern had to be completely honest with himself, he didn't think it really mattered if she was a woman or not.  He knew women who were as rough and authoritative as any man.  But having a woman serve as Sergeant disconcerted him just the same.
Shianne knocked on the door to the Captain's room and a muffled voice told them to come in, so she swung the door open and held it as they walked inside.  Larando's office was bright and warm, lit by half a dozen oil lamps and a roaring fire in the fireplace.  The smell of tobacco was thick in the air, mixed with smoke from the fire and the scent of the musty books that lined the shelves.
"Oskern," Larando said with a grin, seated in a chair by the fire.  "Good to see you.  How long has it been?"
"About twenty years, I think."
Larando was sixty years of age at the very least, but he eased himself quickly out of his chair and walked over with a forceful stride.  The old man still had strength left in him, despite long white hair and weather-beaten face.  He shook hands with everyone as Oskern introduced Horunus and Jannick, and his grip felt powerful enough to crush bones.  
He wore black slacks and a gray tunic underneath a fuzzy black robe.  His eyes sparkled like pearls buried in the wrinkled flesh of his face.
"Welcome to Tagon," he said eagerly.  "Please, have a seat.  You must be exhausted."
"I'll do that, thank you."
"Sergeant, please have Nelda bring up some drinks, if you would."
"Would you like me to stay for this meeting, sir?" Shianne asked.
"No, no, that's alright.  This is nothing formal."
"Okay, sir."  She glanced dismissively at them.  "Captain Oskern, have a good night, I'll surely see you in the morning."
"Yes, Sergeant.  Thank you."
The redheaded woman slipped out of the room and closed the door without another word.  He could see he was going to have problems with her already.  He would deal with it tomorrow.
Oskern took a seat in front of the desk while Horunus and Jannick sat in chairs by the fire, the warm room making them sleepy already.  After riding on horseback so long, he would have preferred to remain standing, but Larando was right.  It had been a long day and he was exhausted.
Larando walked around the desk and sat down, gesturing at a pile of papers.  "Recent messages and dispatches from Samorath and the nearby forts.  I thought maybe you would like to look through them, perhaps tomorrow.  I wasn't sure if you would make it here tonight or not.  I take it you're staying the night and bringing your men to Bakk in the morning?"
"Yes, it's too late to do it now.  It was a very rough trip," Oskern said, considering it a vast understatement.
"But you made it here, so it must not have been too bad," Larando replied, leaning back and propping up one leg on the other.  "You set out of Samorath on the third moon, is that right?"
"That's correct."
"Then you made the whole trip in under seventeen weeks.  That's quite impressive, if you ask me.  I've been through those mountains myself once or twice, and it is no picnic.  You must have set quite a pace to get here.  No major problems, I hope?"
Oskern hesitated for a moment and then shrugged.  "Nothing worth getting into right now.  It didn't all go perfectly, of course, but under the circumstances I'd say we did all right."
There was the matter of the mysterious dead village by the lake that they had discovered.  Just the thought of that place made his skin crawl, but he wasn't going to mention that to Larando just yet.  That would drag into a conversation much longer than he was willing to have at the moment, and he was too tired to go over it again.  He would tell Larando about it tomorrow.
"We have an updated map and kept a record of the villages we stopped at," he said.  "It's in my saddle bag.  I'll get it to you later."
"Fine, fine," Larando said, waving it away.  "That's a minor issue.  The important thing is how many men did you recruit on your way?"
"Just under six-hundred," Oskern said.  "Five-hundred and eighty-four, I think that's the total number.  Plus the men I brought from the capital.  About eight-hundred men all together."
"Wonderful," Larando beamed.  "Eight-hundred is a good, strong force.  I'm taking seven-hundred of my men south with me, so I'm relieved that you recruited enough men to take their place.  Two-hundred will leave with me as soon as we can go, and then the others will follow us down in a few weeks, once your own men have taken over here."
"Understood."
"Good, good."  Larando took out his pipe and tapped it against the desk, knocking the burnt tobacco into a waste bin.  He pulled a tobacco pouch from his robe pocket and began stuffing some back into the pipe.   "I'm sure that you're as anxious to begin your command here as I am to leave it.  I've been in charge here for eleven years, you know."
Oskern shifted in the chair.  The heat was beginning to get to him, and he wanted to take off his heavy jacket.  "Are you returning to Samorath?  I heard that you might take over for Commander Raluen at the Academy."
"Quite right," Larando said with a smile, baring teeth stained brown and yellow.  He stuck a thin stick into one of the nearby lamps, and then used it to light his pipe.  Heavy gray smoke puffed out.
Just then there was a tiny knock on the door, and a young blonde girl poked her head in.  She looked about ten years old and wore a simple green dress with no decoration.  Larando called for her to enter, and she carried in a tray of tall glasses and a bowl of bread and fruit.  
"Thank you, Nelda," Larando said.  "You can leave now."
The girl stared at Oskern and gave a clumsy curtsy before skipping back out of the room, her bare feet making no sound on the wooden floor.
Larando plucked a piece of bread while the others all took a glass.  "Adorable child.  Her mother's one of the cooks down in the kitchen.  Unfortunately the girl's totally mute.  She never says a word."
Oskern was not in the mood for cider or anything alcoholic, but thankfully they were just given water.  He drank the whole glass in one long pull, not realizing how thirsty he was.  Talking in the warm room had left him parched.
Horunus leaned back in his seat.  Beside him, Jannick looked like he was ready to fall asleep right there.  Oskern felt ready to join them, but something about Larando's manner made him think there was still information for them to discuss, although he could not think what it might be.  
"This should have been a three-year assignment, you know," Larando said casually.  "But then Haveros passed away, and there was so much shifting around within the Army.  I'm sure you remember."
"I do.  Why have you stayed so long?"
"I like the weather here, and I didn't see the point in being transferred to some other fort to do the same job I'm already doing.  But I'll be promoted to Commander now, so it will be worth it to take the new position."
"They've officially informed you of your promotion?  Congratulations."
"Thank you.  And congratulations to you as well."
"What do you mean?"
Larando chuckled, his pipe clenched in his teeth.  He pulled a leather-bound document off the table behind him and reached across the desk, holding it out for Oskern.
"It seems that your assignment here has changed somewhat," he said.
Oskern undid the clasp and opened up the leather folder.  Inside was a paper marked with the Imperial Emblem and signed by High General Toskanus and the seal of the King himself.  Oskern's breath caught in his throat when he read the words printed there.
"In the name of the Great King Karustra," he read in a whisper.  "In reward for your loyal service, you are hereby granted the new rank of Commander in the Grand Army."
"What?" Horunus almost jumped out of his chair, and hurried to read the document over Oskern's shoulder.
"I don't believe it," Oskern said.  "Why would they promote me like this?"
"Who cares?" Horunus laughed.  "Congratulations, Commander."
"Yeah," Jannick agreed.  "That's great, sir.  Does this mean I'm getting promoted to Sergeant?"
They had a good laugh about it, and Oskern had to set the leather folder down.  His hands were shaking.  He had not expected anything like this, it was utterly unprecedented for someone his age and position to be promoted so suddenly.  He had only achieved the rank of Captain barely four years before.  There had to be a dozen other Captains in the Grand Army who should have been promoted to Commander before him.  It just didn't make sense.
Larando caught the uncomprehending look in his eye.  "It appears that King Karustra and the High General have chosen to promote all ranking Captains in charge at the most vital forts in the empire.  Fort Tagon and Fort Bakk fall under that category.  To be honest, I'm a little jealous.  I spent eleven years here as a Captain, and you're promoted to Commander on your very first day."
"I didn't expect this at all," Oskern managed to say.
Puffing thick smoke, Larando nodded and gave a little shrug.  "We received that letter just two weeks ago, so the decision was likely made after you were sent off on your trip.  It's possible that they would have chosen someone else for this position had they intended to promote them to Commander.  But what's done is done.  For what it's worth, Oskern, if you were qualified to take charge of this fort, then in my opinion you're qualified to be a Commander."
"Coming from you, that means a lot.  Thank you."
Larando handed him another sheet from the pile of messages, and then summed it up as Oskern read it.  "This was delivered just yesterday.  Within eight months they want to nearly double the manpower at this location, and expand Bakk at least another half mile down the river.  You've got your work cut out for you, that's for sure.  They didn't promote you for nothing."
Oskern shook his head, scanning down the page.  His unit of new recruits was just the first such unit planned to arrive in the next few months.  Tens of thousands of new soldiers were being recruited from Thonelis, Olnasis, and even Grasaris to be assigned to forts all across Arvia.  At least two more large contingents of men were due to arrive at Tagon and Bakk starting three months from now, more than doubling the current number of soldiers stationed there.
"You know what this means," Horunus said.
Oskern nodded.  "It means we have to have those boys fully trained within three months.  Why are they building up the Grand Army so much?"
"I have no idea," Larando said.  "Maybe they've caught whispers of war coming from Darvosia or something.  We've heard nothing about civil unrest or preparations for an invasion, but then again, we are far from the capital here.  Maybe I'll learn more when I arrive in Samorath."
Oskern wished he had chosen to just go straight to bed and meet with Larando in the morning.  He was too tired and weary to deal with so many new developments right now.  When Administrator Oalun had given him this assignment, he had hinted at none of this.  Oskern anticipated a quick and easy transfer of command, not a landslide of overwhelming new responsibilities before he even had time to get comfortable.
"I was going to handle the training of the new men myself," he said.  "But there's no way I can do that now.  Do you have someone who can take over the training?"
Larando nodded, the pipe sticking out of his mouth.  "Sergeant Edrigo in Bakk would be the man you're looking for.  He's a good man, excellent at his job.  He trained most of the men here as a matter of fact."
Oskern wiped his forehead.  It really was far too warm, he was sweating like a pig.  "How many Sergeants do you have under your command?"
"Three, but I'm taking one of them with me.  Edrigo is the ranking Sergeant.  And Shianne, who you already met.  There's also a man named Krusen who handles our naval defenses, but he's traveling to Samorath with me."
"I have to ask, why was Shianne made a Sergeant?"
"Because she fought for it," Larando said with a shrug.  "She's a tough one, and the men here respect her.  But she's not exactly friendly, as you may have noticed."
"I did."
"In six years I don't think I've seen her smile once.  But she's one of the hardest working people here, so you can trust her.  She won't let you down."
"According to this, I have the authority to promote those under me.  If I'm going to get in another eight-hundred men, or more, I'm going to need a Captain in Bakk to handle some of the command roles there, especially with so many new men coming in.  Who do you recommend?"
"Edrigo, he's the man for it."
"Done."  He turned in his chair to look at Horunus and Jannick.  "Well, it appears we now have two openings for a Squad Sergeant.  Are you interested?"
"Sure," Horunus said breezily.
Jannick sat up, blinking.  "Really, sir?  I was just joking about that earlier."
"You have more seniority than Mardos.  I'll write up the official papers when I have the time, but who knows when that will be."
"Thank you," Jannick said in amazement, flopping back down into the chair.  "Wow, this has been a pretty eventful day."
Horunus chuckled.  "Wait until tomorrow.  I have a feeling that all the hard work it took getting here is nothing compared to what's coming next."
"I think you're right," Oskern said.
Larando set his pipe down and drank his glass of cider.  "Well, that's all I have for you this evening.  I'm sure that's more than enough, isn't it?  If you'd like to get some sleep, I'll have Nelda show you to a room downstairs.  You'll actually get to sleep in a bed for the first time in awhile, which I'm sure you will enjoy."
"You have that right."
Larando led them out of the office and down the hall.  The cooler air felt good on Oskern's skin, and he took a deep breath, glad to be out of the stuffy office.  Pausing at the top of the stairs, Larando called for the serving girl, Nelda, and a moment later she bounded up at them, her hair bouncing as she went up the stairs.
"Show Commander Oskern and his men to some of the spare rooms, okay?  And tell your mother to give them whatever they request.  That's a good girl."
"Thank you, Larando," Oskern said.  He still carried his leather-bound promotion document, as if afraid he would lose it.  
"My pleasure, it's been great to meet you all," Larando replied sincerely, shaking his hand.  "I'll see you tomorrow and we can work out all the little details.  I can see how tired you are, you should all get some sleep."
Oskern began to descend the stairs, and Larando suddenly turned back around and grabbed his arm.  "Oh, I almost forgot!  One of your men is already here, you know, he showed up about a week ago.  I believe he's staying in the barracks in the outer fort."
"One of my men?"
"Yes, he said you sent him to the capital on some errand."
It took Oskern a moment.  "Dashelus and Konry," he said, remembering.  "I totally forgot about them.  That must have been a month ago.  You said they arrived here last week?  It looks like they beat us here after all," he chuckled, looking over at Horunus.
"He, not they," Larando said carefully.  "There was only one, and I do believe he said his name was Dashelus."
"Just him?  Konry isn't here?"
"Just one soldier.  Perhaps you should go talk to him."
"Yes, I think I'll do that.  Thank you again."
"You're welcome.  Have a good night, Commander."
Nelda led them down the stairs and through a narrow, dimly-lit corridor to a pair of rooms back behind the kitchen.  Each had two crude beds with some moth-eaten blankets and some other rickety furniture.  Horunus and Jannick took one and let Oskern have the other.
"You're a Commander now," Horunus said.  "You can have a room all to yourself.  Me and Jannick are just lowly Sergeants, so we'll share a room."
"Give it a rest.  If you want, I can make somebody else a Sergeant instead, you know."
"No thanks, I think 'Sergeant Horunus' has a nice ring to it."
"I like the sound of 'Commander Oskern' myself.  We can inform the men tomorrow morning about our promotions."
"By the way," Horunus said, placing his hand on the doorway.  His voice dropped a notch.  "I noticed you didn't tell Larando about those bodies we found.  It's not really his problem since he's leaving in a few days, but he should know about it."
"I didn't want to get into that tonight.  I'll tell him tomorrow.  I'll write up a report to send to the High General as well.  Other than that, for now let's just keep it quiet.  Thank the Father none of the new recruits saw anything."
"They think some kind of disease wiped out the village," Horunus said.  "That's the story we told them, anyway."
Oskern ran a hand through his hair.  "That's all they need to know.  They're probably doing some celebrating out in the camp right now.  Are you going to go out and join them?"
"I was thinking about it.  What about you?"
"I'm going to get some sleep," Oskern said.  "But first I have go talk to Dashelus and find out what happened."
"You think anything went wrong?"
Oskern could only shake his head.  "I have no idea."
He left Horunus and walked over to Nelda, who seemed to be waiting for more instructions.  Kneeling down in front of her, he said, "Nelda?  That's your name, right?"
The little girl looked at him with wide blue eyes and nodded.
"I need you to take me to the barracks.  Do you know where that is?"
She squinted her eyes thoughtfully and then shook her head, pursing her lips in disappointment.
"Can you take me to someone who knows?  What about Sergeant Shianne?  Do you know where she is?"
Nelda nodded eagerly that time, and quickly went down the hallway with Oskern following behind her.  He didn't understand why Larando chose to use a mute child as one of his servants, but he could see how the cute girl could endear herself to others simply by not speaking.  Oskern wished that all children would behave that way.
Sergeant Shianne was posted outside, walking along the wall and keeping tabs on the soldiers on duty.  Oskern thanked Nelda and sent her on her way, and waited in the yard until Shianne came down to meet him.
"Captain Oskern," she said.  "Is there something I can do for you?"
"Captain Larando said one of my men arrived here last week.  Do you know where I can find him?  Larando said he was staying in the barracks."
The redheaded Sergeant studied him for just a moment and then said, "Yes, of course.  He's probably still in the barracks, unless he chose to go out and do some celebrating with the others.  Please, follow me, sir."
"How long have you been stationed here, Sergeant?" he asked as they walked down to the main fort compound.  Beyond the wall, he could see dozens of camp fires already dotting the field where his men were camped out.  The fires lit up the dark stretch like a cluster of frighteningly nearby stars.
"Six years, sir.  I spent four years in Haverdake before that.  I trained under Captain Alrosa at Fort Iven."
"I believe I've heard of him, but I never met him  I trained at the Academy in Samorath originally, like Captain Larando.  He was the Sergeant in charge of my regiment.  In a few days he'll be heading back there to become a Commander."
"Yes, I'm aware."
"You may not be aware that I'm a Commander now as well.  I received my promotion just now, in Larando's office."
Shianne bristled a bit and said, "Congratulations, sir.  I'm sure you've earned it."
"I hope I have.  You know, I normally speak with my officers informally.  Would it bother you if I called you Shianne instead of Sergeant?"
"You're the Commander.  You can do whatever you like."
Oskern held back the urge to give an exasperated sigh.  Gaining her trust was going to take him some time.  He had planned to speak with her tomorrow, but he figured he might as well try to break the ice with her now.
"Sergeant Edrigo is going to be promoted as well," he said conversationally.  "And the two men I came in with, my squad leaders Horunus and Jannick, will become Sergeants as soon as I can get their promotion paperwork filled out.  I hope that you will assist them in their new roles here.  You will become the ranking Sergeant, of course."
"Thank you, sir," she said.  "I'll do my best."
"And any advice you can give me will be greatly appreciated.  I'm sure it will take a few weeks before things are running smoothly once again.  We have lots of new faces, and many more are on their way, so we have a lot of work to do."
"Yes, sir."
"You may call me Oskern."
"I will, just not right now, sir." 
There was a crowd of men standing outside the barracks, some of them with drinks in their hands.  Many of the new recruits were wandering around aimlessly, exploring their new surroundings, talking and laughing with each other.  Some of them would likely have headaches in the morning, but Oskern was not concerned.  They had marched hard to get here, and they deserved to release a little bit of stress.  He wondered how many women were around, and if any of them would invite one of the new arrivals into their bed.  If it wasn't so late and he wasn't already exhausted, he'd be in the mood to find a companion for the evening himself.
Shianne asked a passing soldier if Dashelus was in the barracks, and the man replied that he was.  Oskern began to get a very bad feeling.  It didn't make sense that Dashelus would return here by himself and then decline to go out and have some fun on a night like this.  Something had to have gone wrong.  Shianne showed him the barracks and said she had other duties to attend to, so Oskern thanked her for her help and dismissed her.  He could find his way back to his room.
Dashelus was stretched out on a bed in the back of the building, his hands folded under his head.  He looked asleep as Oskern approached, but then his eyes popped open and he immediately sat up.
"Dash, it's good to see you," Oskern said.
"Likewise, sir," Dashelus said, getting to his feet.
His voice sounded low, and his eyes betrayed his lack of sleep lately.  But his posture was the most telling sign.  Oskern didn't even have to ask, but he had to know the truth.
"What happened, Dash?  Where's Konry?"
"I'm sorry, sir.  We were ? we ran into some thieves on the Silver Road.  They ambushed us.  Konry ? lost his life, sir.  There was nothing I could do."
Oskern felt like the wind was knocked out of him.  He put his hands on Dashelus' shoulders and gave him a quick embrace.  "Konry was a good man.  We'll miss him.  I know that the two of you were extremely close.  I can't tell you how sorry I am, Dash."
"Thank you."
"Was the girl okay?  Did you bring her to Administrator Oalun?"
"Yes, she was okay," Dashelus said with a tired nod.  "I went to the Grand Army Hall to inform them about ? about Konry.  They said that they'd retrieve his body and give him a proper burial in the city."  
"Of course they will," Oskern said.  "Listen, tonight there's a lot of people out there having a good time and celebrating our arrival.  I want you to go out and join them."
"I'd rather not," Dashelus said, looking away.  "I don't think ..."
"That's an order," Oskern said firmly.  "Tomorrow, we'll celebrate Konry's life and give him a proper send off to the Mother and Father.  We won't forget about him, I promise.  But I don't want you sitting in here and feeling sorry for yourself.  I'm sure Konry wouldn't want that either.  Go out and have a drink, talk to a few people, try to have a good time."
Dashelus let out a trembling sigh.  He looked on the verge of tears.  "Okay, sir.  You're probably right.  I'm sorry."
"We're both sorry, Dash.  I'll talk to you again tomorrow."
Oskern left the barracks feeling twice as exhausted.  He'd actually been in a pretty good mood after learning about his promotion, but that brief run of good luck was over now.
He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, wanting more than ever to crawl into bed.  He'd sent Dashelus and Konry out on that simple escort mission because he wanted to give them a break from the frustrating march through the forest.  The thought that one of them would be killed had never entered his mind as a possibility.  
Now that Horunus and Jannick were Sergeants, they would need some new squad leaders.  Dashelus was one of the most qualified soldiers for the job, but now Oskern would have to make sure he wasn't too broken up by Konry's death to be an effective leader.  He wished he had discouraged them from getting romantically involved with each other in the first place, but it was too late to criticize himself for that now.  Such things were bound to happen in any army, no matter what the people in charge wanted.
"By the Father," Oskern muttered, shaking his head.  "What a damn disaster."
As he walked back up to the fort to get some sleep, he realized that Dashelus hadn't told him if King Karustra had taken the girl into his harem or not.  He'd have to ask about that tomorrow as well.
Chapter Ten
King Karustra

Alona couldn't be presented to King Karustra as she was.  It would not be proper for her to speak to the King dressed in her dirty clothes and with her hair such a mess.  Administrator Oalun insisted that she bathe and change into nicer clothes first.  After all, she should look as beautiful as possible.
"But I don't have any other clothes, this is all I have."
"It's okay, we'll find something for you."
Oalun personally led her through a series of connected rooms.  He pushed aside a thick red curtain and stepped through to a chamber with a large wooden tub sitting right in the middle of the room.  There was another doorway leading out the back, and green curtains were stretched across spaces in the wall.  A pair of glowing lamps provided warm orange light, and there was a hint of smoke in the air.
A woman waited there, seated on a bench by the wall.  She hopped to her feet as soon as Oalun entered.  Her graying hair was tied into an elaborate braid, and she quickly bowed to him, folding her thin, bony hands.
"Administrator, how can I serve you?"
"Castilla," Oalun said, ushering Alona into the room.  "This young woman needs a bath and a new dress.  She's to meet the King, so she must look perfect."
"Yes, I understand."
"Give her something modest but attractive.  Purple would be a lovely color."
The woman named Castilla shuffled forward and reached up to take a bit of Alona's hair in her fingers.  Alona flinched a bit involuntarily but Castilla didn't seem to notice.  "Very luxuriant hair, I'm jealous.  Should we braid it or curl it?"
"What do you think, Alona?"
"I just brush it straight.  I don't do anything with it."
"Perhaps that is for the best," Castilla said.  "We'll wash it and brush it nicely, it should look fine like that.  At least it is long enough.  I hate it when the girls cut their hair short."
"Good, good," Oalun said.  "I'll go speak with the King and tell him about you.  Right now he has a few other people already waiting, so you have some time to get ready.  I'll be back in a little bit."
"Okay, then," Castilla said, taking her hand.  "Let's get you cleaned up."
The red curtain swished back into place as Oalun departed, and the serving woman grabbed Alona's hand to pull her over to the tub.  It was partially filled with about a foot of cold water, but Alona was accustomed to washing in creeks and ponds, so cold water was nothing to her.
"Well, take your clothes off," Castilla said impatiently.  She stuck her head through the back doorway and shouted for someone to bring water.  Alona leaned over to unlace her boots and kicked them off, flexing her toes now that they were free.  She rubbed the bottom of her foot and then started to unbutton her jacket, expecting Castilla to leave the room to give her some privacy.  But Castilla stayed in the room and began sorting through some bottles on a shelf near the door.
Another woman came through the rear entrance, carrying a metal pail filled to the brim with steaming hot water.  She carried it almost effortlessly, not spilling a drop, and then dumped it into the tub.  Alona stuck her hand in, feeling the now-warm water sloshing around.  The woman nodded at her and then left again.
Castilla placed a few bottles on the bench and said, "Come on, we don't have all day.  There's no need to be shy, girl.  We're all women here."
"Oh, you mean ..."
"Yes, yes, I'll help you, come on."
She pulled off her jacket and Castilla wrinkled her nose at it before tossing it in the corner.  When Castilla lifted her deerskin shirt over her head, Alona quickly crossed her arms over her chest to cover herself, and Castilla chuckled at that.  "I hope you don't plan to act that shy around the King, if he chooses you," she snickered, shaking her head.  
Alona had undressed in front of other people before, but they were the women she grew up with, not these people she had just met for the first time.  Usually, she and some of the other girls would bathe together in a pond near the village, with their mothers keeping watch to make sure none of the boys spied on them.  She felt no embarrassment disrobing in front of them, since it was a normal part of her childhood.  But she'd never taken her clothes off in front of strangers before.
But the old lady was right.  She couldn't act that way if she was going to be one of the women in the King's Harem.  She already knew that women in Samorath were far more open about showing off their bodies.  But it was one thing to know she should get used to it, and another to actually feel comfortable.  Alona took a deep breath and lowered her arms so she could unbuckle her leather belt and unbutton her pants.  She leaned against the side of the tub as Castilla helped her pull her pants completely off.
The other woman, one of Castilla's assistants, entered again to dump another pail of hot water into the tub.  She barely even seemed to notice Alona was naked, but she probably saw such things every single day.  After all, if she was one of the servants in the bathing room, nudity would be commonplace for her.
But it wasn't commonplace for Alona.  She quickly stepped into the tub and sank down into the pleasantly warm water, which came up to her belly button.  She lowered her hands and then brought them back up to let water drip from her palms down over her breasts.
"We have some perfumed soap.  Let's use this one," Castilla muttered to herself, splashing some powder into the tub.  She took out a brush and stirred the water up until it was frothy with bubbles, and then handed the brush to Alona.  "Get to scrubbing," she ordered.
Alona smelled the bubbles and a smile appeared on her face.  She laughed a bit, because the soap actually had a fruity smell to it, like a basket of fresh-picked berries.  She had never heard of soap smelling like that.  They brought in more water as she was wiping the brush up and down her arms, and when they poured it in, she felt the sudden rush of heat across her legs and waist and it made her sigh in relaxation.  She would never bathe in cold water again if she had anything to say about it.  
Castilla grabbed another brush and went to work scrubbing her back as Alona poked her feet out and rubbed the brush up and down her legs.  She laughed again, enjoying herself and feeling some of her pent-up nervousness and anxiety melting away.  Steam from the water rose up like mist off a lake in the early morning.  She inhaled the wonderful scent of the soap and splashed water across her face, rubbing her cheeks and forehead.
"Here's more water, I think that should be enough," Castilla said.  The assistant poured it carefully this time, to make sure she didn't heat the water too fast and burn the tub's occupant.  The hot water felt wonderful against Alona's skin, and she wondered if she would get to take hot baths like this every day when she was part of the harem.  She felt like a princess already.
"Let's get your hair now.  Tilt your head back."  Alona did as she was told, leaning back to soak her hair.  The water sloshed and splashed across her face, so she plugged her nose and closed her eyes to dunk her head completely under water.  She sat back up, wiping her face, and Castilla took another bottle of soap to begin rubbing it into her hair.  
Alona scrubbed her entire body with the brush until she felt like every speck of dirt, sweat, and grime that she had accumulated after weeks of traveling was now gone.  Her skin seemed to glow a healthy pink.  Castilla ran her rough hands through Alona's long hair, scrubbing and kneading it like a chunk of dough, making sure the soap got in everywhere.  She pushed Alona back down to submerge her hair, tugging at it to try to wash out the soap.
They used the pail to pour water over her head, rinsing off the rest of the soap in her hair.  She closed her eyes tightly as the warm water splashed down over her.  They had to do it a few times, as Castilla muttered about how filthy her hair was.
When they were all done, Alona had never felt so clean in her entire life.  Castilla grabbed some small towels and ordered her to stand up.  She carefully got to her feet and stood up in the tub, water dripping down her back and legs.  She squeezed her hair, wringing out what water she could, shivering slightly as the cool air sucked the remaining heat from the soapy water dripping off her skin.
Castilla and her assistant took her hands to help her step out of the tub, and then went to work rubbing her down with the towels.  Alona didn't have to do anything at all, she just stood there with an amused expression as they swiftly rubbed her dry.  It felt so strange to have a stranger's hands moving across her body and her most sensitive areas, but in such a mechanical and unromantic way, it almost made her laugh.  She wondered if she would ever become so desensitized to nudity that she could run her hands across another woman's body as casually as if she was folding a blanket.
When she was mostly dry, the other woman went to fetch a dress, while Castilla brought out some hair brushes and stood behind her to start taking care of her tangled nest of wet hair.  The brush snagged and caught, and Castilla grunted in annoyance.  Alona could do nothing but just stand there naked, while Castilla tugged and yanked on her hair as she tried to brush it.  She had the unavoidable worry that some men might accidentally barge unannounced into the room and see her like this, and she held her hands ready to cover her nudity, just in case.
They brought out five dresses, each of them sleek and slim and beautiful, made of a soft, slippery fabric that she couldn't identify.  All of the clothes she had worn in her entire life were fur or deerskin or roughly-sewn wool sold to the village by merchants years before.  She'd never felt something so gentle and sensual.  There was a blue one with a neckline so low that she couldn't even wear it without her breasts falling out the moment she bent over.  There was a dark red one with long sleeves and a ruffled collar, but Castilla frowned and set it aside.
"The green one is nice, it matches her eyes," the assistant said.
"It does.  Let's try it on."
Alona had no idea how she was supposed to look, so she let them make the decision.  The elastic cloth stuck to her body, fitting to every curve.  The dress hung down to her feet, but there were long cuts up each side to reveal her bare legs all the way up to her hips.  She didn't like that at all.  One wrong gust of wind and the dress would flap up and expose everything.
"Try the pink one," Castilla muttered.
The sleeveless pink dress was a very soft lavender color and was nearly see-through.  But it felt more comfortable and wasn't as tight, with thin shoulder straps and a nice floral design sewn into the sides and around the front.  It had a proper neckline and wasn't too revealing, and when she put it on, both Castilla and her assistant nodded knowingly.
"Does it look okay?" Alona asked.
"You look beautiful," the woman said with a smile.
After that, Castilla spent some more time brushing and combing her hair until it hung down gently across her bare shoulders, framing the sides of her face.  It was still damp, but Castilla seemed happy with it.
"What about makeup?" the assistant asked.  "I don't think she needs any at all."
"I've never worn makeup before," Alona said.
"Just a touch of red for her lips," Castilla instructed.  "She has good skin, no blemishes to cover up.  Maybe something for her eyes to bring out the green."
Finally, when they were finished, they brought out a hand-held mirror and showed Alona her own reflection.  She stared in amazement at how her hair looked, wondering how Castilla had made it appear so different.  Usually she just combed it straight back and tied it, but the way it hung down made her whole face seem rounder, like it obscured the edges.  And the little bit of lipstick they gave her made her lips stand out so much it was incredible.
They had to go find Oalun, and he came in a few minutes later.  His eyes opened wide and he let out a slight gasp.  "My dear, you look absolutely amazing," he said breathlessly, staring down at her, his eyes making their way across her shoulders and the neckline of the dress.
"Thank you."
"The King will see you in a few minutes.  Are you all done here?"
"I think so."
"Okay, then.  Come with me."
They moved through another series of rooms and down another narrow hallway, and Alona felt completely lost.  She wondered just how many side rooms and back corridors the Grand Palace had, and how they could patrol so many nearly hidden places.  At the end of the hallway was a wide foyer that led out into the Grand Hall.  Alona's heart banged in her chest as she crept to the edge of the foyer and peeked out.  
The Grand Hall was a single enormous room that seemed big enough to fit her entire village inside, with an enormous arched ceiling taller than the towering pine trees of her homeland.  The floor was shining black and brown marble, great square slabs arranged in a complex pattern.  Alona's mouth hung open as she gazed across the floor at the white stone statues lining each side of the Hall, each of them a perfectly sculpted warrior brandishing a different type of weapon.  They were armed with spears and swords and metal balls hanging on chains, but wore only a strip of cloth around their waist for protection.  Each statue stood ten feet tall, like giant soldiers guarding the King.  
There were people all over the place, but less than she had anticipated.  She thought the entire Grand Hall would be packed with people trying to get a glimpse of their King, but most of the room was empty.  Actual living guards were posted at each doorway, about twenty of them in all.  The main area in the middle of the room had about forty other people walking around or speaking with each other.  They wore multicolored robes and cloaks, similar in style to the one that Oalun was wearing.  From her vantage point, Alona couldn't see the King.
"Are you nervous?" Oalun asked, a smile curving his thin lips.
"Yes, very much."
"Just follow me, but do not say anything.  I'll introduce you to the King, and he'll have a good look at you.  Do not speak unless he asks you a question.  He may want to touch your hair or your face, but you must not shy away from him.  Do you understand?"
"Yes, I do."
They walked out into the Hall, Alona staying a few paces behind Oalun, who walked confidently with his hands folded behind his back.  The floor felt cold on her bare feet, and she could not help but feel as if everyone's eyes were on her.  She resisted the urge to cross her arms over her chest.  She felt a few drops of water trickle down her back, dripping from her damp hair.
There were not many people near the front of the room, but the few standing around all moved out of their way.  Some old men with thick black beards, young men with fair skin like hers, a woman in a red dress with a large flowery hat on her head, some men in crisp uniforms that she assumed were servants or messengers.  They all moved out of the way to let Oalun and Alona approach the raised central dais where the King was seated.
The throne was positioned at the back of the raised platform, and on each side were curved tables with ten or more chairs, some of which were occupied by other people.  Alona guessed they were Administrators like Oalun or other high-ranking members of the government.  Everyone's eyes were locked on her, but she could not tear her gaze away from the figure seated in the throne.
"Glory to the King," Oalun said, bowing deeply.  Alona did the same, feeling like an icy breeze was blowing down on her.  Her fingers felt stiff and frozen.  She took a deep breath and closed her mouth, swallowing even though her mouth felt dry.
Oalun stood up and pressed his hands together.  The room was utterly silent except for his voice.  "I would like to present to you a true beauty from the heart of the distant Kavas Mountains.  To call her beautiful does not do her justice.  Her beauty rivals that of any woman in our Grand City.  She has come a great distance and at great cost to stand in the same room as our King, in the hopes he will allow her to honor him in the Grand Harem."
Oalun bowed his head once more and backed away, disappearing into the crowd of onlookers, leaving her standing alone in the center of the room, frozen to the spot.  She raised her eyes to the throne and could almost feel the aura of the King pushing against her like a physical force.
King Karustra gradually rose from his throne as if levitating, and looked down at her with intense black eyes.  He wore baggy black pants, black boots, and a loose-fitting maroon shirt that was undone in front, revealing his chest, which was covered in a mat of curly black hair.  A huge ruby medallion hung around his neck on a heavy gold chain, and he sported an intricately engraved golden buckle on his belt.  Gold bracelets hung on his wrists and rings decorated all of his fingers.  He stepped down from the raised dais, the jewelry jingling with the motion.
He looked like a warrior in the prime of his career, with powerful hands that looked like a battleaxe was meant to fit into them, and a fierce gaze that would turn an opponent's blood to ice.  His black hair was oiled, making it shine, and combed straight back.  He had shaved cheeks and sideburns, but he kept a full black mustache and neatly trimmed beard.  His skin was dark and lined with creases and wrinkles, giving him the look of an older man.  Every part of his body was muscular and tensed like a coiled snake, ready to strike.
Alona stood completely motionless as Karustra came at her, peering down into the marrow of her bones with his penetrating stare.  She felt the cold subside, as if the King emanated his own aura of warmth.  She kept her gaze forward as Karustra slowly walked in a circle around her, like a huge tiger stalking its prey.  She could hear the clink of his bracelets as he moved.
He circled back around in front of her and his eyes narrowed a fraction,  sweeping across her body.  Moving within a step of her, he stared deep into her eyes, nearly hypnotizing her with his mesmerizing gaze.
"Such a lovely child," he said in a deep voice.  It was little more than a whisper, but somehow it amplified so that the entire Grand Hall could hear him.  "You shine with innocence and purity.  What is your name?"
"Alona, of family Gren," she breathed, surprised that she was able to speak.
Karustra reached out with a hand and touched her chin.  Gently, as if he was wiping tears away, he brushed his fingers across her face.  It amazed her that he could be so gentle, when every fiber of his muscular body seemed build for violence.  His touch was like a blast of soothing heat, and the skin on his fingers was raspy and rough like the bark of a tree.
"Many women come here to offer themselves to me," he said.  "From all over my Grand Empire they come here.  But I have never seen a girl as innocent as you.  You have never known the touch of a man, have you?"
"No," she gasped, feeling like the word was pulled out of her.
"And so beautiful.  Your eyes are like magic.  I have never seen anything like them.  Truly, you are one of the most lovely women to ever grace my presence."
"Thank you.  I'm honored."
"As am I," Karustra said softly.
His hand dropped away from her face and he slid the tip of his fingers down the front of her sheer dress, tracing a line down between her breasts.  His eyes swept down the front of her body, shining with desire.
"Alas, I cannot accept you.  You are beautiful beyond measure, but you would never be able to serve me.  I'm afraid that the Grand Harem is not the place for you.  Return to your home, Alona.  I'm sorry, but I cannot accept you."
She felt like the floor opened up beneath her, and suddenly there was a rushing sound in her ears, her head swimming dizzily.  The next thing she knew, she was being escorted away by two muscled guards.  She had no control over her body, feeling as if it was moving along without input from her brain.  Her vision blurred as she tried to scan the crowd, but the faces swept by like blank outlines.  She tried to speak, to ask what was going on, but her voice was like a jumbled whisper.
Where was Oalun?  She tried to ask for him, but the guards took her out of the Grand Hall and back into one of the side rooms.  They steadied her, as if concerned she might fall, and then departed, leaving her standing there alone.  She blinked stupidly, trying to process what had just happened.
The King had not chosen her.  Oalun was gone, she had no idea where he was.  The King turned her down, he dismissed her.  She felt her legs tremble and she stumbled against the wall, ready to collapse.  In just a few minutes, it was all over.  The King didn't want her.
It had all been for nothing.  What was she going to do now?
Chapter Eleven
Fort Bakk

Jasson didn't remember falling asleep, but he woke up the next morning curled up on the ground beside a dead campfire, his head ringing.  The field beyond the village wall was littered with sleeping men, many of them sprawled out wherever they had fallen, like Jasson.  He eventually got to his feet and stumbled to the edge of the field, where he found a place behind a boulder to empty his bladder.  Once that important task was complete, he walked around until he found Aldus, who was already sitting up and looking around sleepily.
"Where's Nellan?"
Aldus shrugged.  "Who knows?  I just saw the Captain a minute ago, walking over there.  I think they're going to get us moved out of here pretty soon."
Jasson found his pack and slung it over his shoulder.  "What a night, huh?"
"Tell me about it.  We got pretty wobbly, all of us did."
"After all that marching, it was nice to have some fun."
"Yeah," Aldus chuckled.  "I think Nellan had more fun that we did, though.  After you wandered away, he snuck off with that woman he was talking to.  I think he might have slept with her."
Jasson's jaw dropped.  "By the Father, are you serious?"
"Well, I don't think they went off so he could look at her shell collection."
"I don't believe it."
"When we find him, we can ask."
"I'm going to go look for him, to make sure he didn't get into trouble."
Aldus stood up and stretched.  "I'll help you."
Before they had even walked down to the beach, a group of soldiers on horseback rode down from the fort.  Captain Oskern was among them, and he quickly began ordering the men to get up and prepare to leave as soon as possible.  Jasson and Aldus abandoned their plans to find Nellan, and hurried back to the field to help wake up everyone who was still sleeping.
It took awhile, but finally everyone was up and moving.  They had to kick dirt over the few campfires that still smoldered, clean up all the mugs and empty trays of food that lay scattered everywhere, and pack up blankets and extra supplies.  
"Let's go!" one of the squad leaders shouted.  "Come on!  Let's get moving!  We don't have all day!"
"Don't we?" Aldus said, deadpan.  "Have all day, I mean?  I'm pretty sure we do."
"Be quiet," Jasson snickered.  "You'll get us in trouble."
As all the men began to gather at the head of the beach, Nellan appeared out of nowhere and jogged up beside them.  "Hey, guys.  Sorry I'm late."
"Where have you been?" Jasson asked.  "We looked for you."
"I just woke up."
"So where did you sleep?" Aldus needled him.
Nellan tried to hide his smile but failed.  "Oh, near the beach."
"Sure you did.  I saw you sneak off with that woman."
"Oh, yeah," Nellan said, shrugging his big shoulders.  "She showed me the little hut she lived in and then we talked for awhile."
"You're blushing," Jasson said casually.
They all broke up laughing as the squad leaders ordered everyone forward.  Some of the men around them nursed headaches from overindulging the night before, and most of them were tired and wished they could have gotten more sleep.  But Jasson was not the only one who was anxious to get moving again.  
"So?" Aldus said, nudging Nellan's arm.  "Did you and that woman do anything?"
"Maybe we played around a little bit," Nellan said.  "It was nothing serious.  I'm not going to tell you exactly what happened."
"I can't believe we just got here and you're already getting women into bed with you."
He shrugged.  "She said I was a big strong man and she liked me."
Jasson just shook his head and tried not to pay attention.  He wasn't terribly interested in hearing about Nellan's sexual conquests this morning.  Although he agreed with Aldus about it.  It just amazed him that anyone would be willing to take a stranger to bed after just meeting them.  Would the women from Oakenfal have taken one of the squad leaders to bed if the army had stayed the night in the village?  He supposed that some of them might have.  Not all the women in Oakenfal had husbands, after all.  Maybe it was okay for someone to do that if they weren't married.  Jasson didn't think he could ever do that, though.  The first woman he slept with was going to be his wife, even if it wasn't Alona.
They marched out onto the beach and Jasson finally got his first look at the sea in daylight.  They told him it was called the Arvian Sea, named after their Grand Empire.  It was much more amazing and intimidating during the day, and Jasson looked out across it for most of their short trip to the river.  The closest thing he had ever seen to an ocean was some of the larger lakes in the mountain valleys around Oakenfal, but they were nothing compared to the unbelievably vast expanse of rolling water that took up the entire western horizon.  The sun glittered across the water as if it was strewn with floating jewels, and massive waves splashed incessantly across the sand like a constant powerful force that was just barely held at bay.  It made him feel tiny and insignificant, and he could not imagine what kind of people would willingly sail out into that impossible gulf.  But people did, setting off in ships to explore the seas.
He was so fascinated with the sea that he barely noticed when they reached Bakk.  The village was circled by a tall wooden barrier set up fifty yards from the beach, but it stretched to the very lip of the shoreline on the river side.   Someone in the village rang a bell with a single loud clang, signaling their arrival.
The mouth of the Silver River spread out almost half a mile wide, and as they approached the gate to the village, Jasson could see the other shoreline.  The beach on the far side swept around in a half-circle, and he could see more tiny huts sprouting along the beach.  Birds circled in the air and waved splashed down across the sand.  He wished that the people back in Oakenfal could see what he was seeing right now.
Oskern and some of his squad leaders were up front, riding horses.  They rode inside and marched through the village, which was lined with dozens of low huts and flat looking buildings made of lumber.  The villagers happily welcomed them to Bakk, handing them fresh fruits and flowers and cups of cider or mead.  Like the people he'd met the night before, the residents of Bakk were mostly dressed in breezy tunics and sandals.  Once again, he felt strangely overdressed with his deerskin shirt and fur boots.  Someone pushed a mug into his hand and a woman tossed bunches of flowers.  
"Welcome!  We're glad to see you!" the woman said joyously, along with all the other people shouting and greeting them.  But Oskern called for everyone to keep moving, so they did not stop to enjoy the friendly welcome.  Jasson quickly gulped down the mug of cider and handed the empty mug back as he walked past.
In between the rows of rectangular huts, he could see that the back side of the village opened up along the river, where long wooden piers poked out like fingers, lined with fishing boats stuffed with nets.  He could smell the reek of fish from there.  All along the wall facing the sea was a wide walkway for guards to keep an eye out, along with several taller guard towers with rope ladders dangling from them.
Fort Bakk was actually located on a small island that was separate from the main shoreline, connected to the village by an arched wooden bridge that was also lined with a defensive wall on one side.  It spanned a distance of about one-hundred yards to the island, which stuck up out of the water like a jagged gray tooth.  The fort sat perched atop the rock like a smaller version of Fort Tagon, its solid walls build of dark brown lumber and coated with black tar to keep the moisture in the air and splashing waves from soaking into the wood.  The western side of the fort, facing the sea, extended out twenty feet past the edge of the island and was supported by huge beams stuck down into the water.
The horses up front clomped along the wooden bridge, leading them across.  After the celebration the night before, arriving at their true final destination seemed somehow anticlimactic.
"All right!  Welcome to your new home!" a man bellowed at them from the wall as they filed across the bridge.  His laugh boomed across the water like a clap of thunder.  
Jasson didn't know what to expect to see when they entered the fort, but he had somehow thought it would be filled with soldiers, huge racks of armor and weapons, and maybe some catapults or other large siege machines.  However, the interior of Fort Bakk had little of that.  Two squat buildings with sloping roofs were to the left, adjacent to a long, two-story building that Jasson immediately assumed was the barracks. The second floor opened up to a balcony that ran across the top of the two other buildings and then up to the walkway around the perimeter of the fort.  
At least twenty more soldiers stood around, either on top of the wall or by the main buildings, watching the recruits as they marched inside.  They wore gray tunics with a stamped metal cuirass over it, black or gray trousers with bulky pieces of armor strapped to their thighs, and some of them wore metal boots.  The battered shields on their left arms had a faded design etched on the front, and the swords hanging by their right hands had well-worn handles.  Some of them sported dull metal helmets, but Jasson saw a few of them wore no headgear.
As they spread out into the main courtyard of Fort Bakk, Oskern dismounted and spoke with one of his squad leaders.  All the new recruits were ordered to line up in tight rows, and Jasson grouped together with Aldus and Nellan in the second row.  The entire large group of men, nearly six-hundred of them, filled the entire inner yard of the fort.
Oskern studied them at length, his dark eyes scanning their faces.  If he was disappointed or angered by their drunken partying the night before, he gave no sign of it.  Of course, for all Jasson knew, Oskern had gotten roaring drunk as well.  The man had such a stony expression that it was hard to tell what he was thinking.
"This is Fort Bakk," he said.  "This is your new home, so you had better get used to it.  All of you will remain here during the course of your training, and most of you will be permanently assigned here after that.  Some of you may be assigned to Fort Tagon once your training is complete."
He stepped closer to the group and looked each one of them in the eyes before he went on.  Raising his voice, he announced, "You are all here for different reasons.  Some of you seek adventure, maybe some of you seek glory in battle.  Maybe some of you simply wish to serve your King with honor.  Whatever your reasons, you are joined here now in brotherhood.  You're all officially soldiers in the Grand Army of King Karustra now, and that means you will serve the King with loyalty, bravery, and courage at all times.  This is your duty and this is your oath.  You will defend the Grand Empire from all invaders, serve to the best of your individual ability, and always uphold the virtues of the Grand Army and the Throne of the King.  If you take this oath, swear it to me now in the name of the Mother and the Father."
They all gave their oath, each and every one of them.  Jasson closed his eyes and spoke the words to himself, while others shouted out their allegiance.  He felt a strange sense of euphoria, like the air around him became lighter and tingled on his skin.  He had never spoken an oath before, and the intense power of the moment made the world seem more distinct to his eyes, like a mist of uncertainty was removed from his sight, and now he could see things clearer.  He was no longer simply Jasson, poor boy from an isolated village in the middle of nowhere.  Now he was Jasson, soldier in the Grand Army.
"If any man here would not take this oath, let him say so," Oskern said gravely.
But no one spoke.  Jasson knew well that not all the recruits were there entirely by their own choice, such as Polus, but not a single one of them dared refuse the oath of service now.
Oskern nodded, although his expressionless face did not give away any sense of pride or satisfaction.  "Welcome to the Grand Army.  As of right now, you have no rank.  Once your training is complete, you'll graduate to the basic rank of soldier or archer.  After that, it's all up to you.  Years from now, some of you might become a General."
He said that last line with a barely discernible grin, as if it was merely a joke.  But Jasson didn't think it was.  
A man standing above them on the wall began to walk down the narrow steps leading to the yard.  He was the one who laughed at them as they crossed the bridge.  He approached Oskern and gave a swift salute.  "Thank you, Commander.  Would you like me to take over now?"
"They're all yours, Captain," Oskern said.
The man slapped his hands together and rubbed them briskly.  "Wonderful," he said with a fierce grin, turning to face the men.
He was taller than anyone else by at least a few inches, towering over them and dwarfing even the strongest among them with his broad chest and massively muscled arms and shoulders.  He wore black trousers and boots with metal clasps, but went bare-chested, his skin dark and tanned from a lifetime in the sun.  He had a massive jaw that looked rough enough to sharpen swords with, and his teeth could have crushed rocks.  The top of his head was shaved bald and dotted with sweat.
"I am Edrigo of family Larok," he barked as he walked up to them, his huge hands resting on his hips.  "I'm in charge of your training from now on.  From the moment you men stepped across that bridge, you became my property.  You are now soldiers of the Grand Army of King Karustra, and your training will begin.  My rank is Captain, but don't call me that.  You will call me Edrigo, or simply 'sir' will suffice.  Are there any questions?"
Some of the men muttered, "No," and others shook their heads politely.
"I said are there any questions!" Edrigo roared.
"No!" everyone shouted back, including Jasson.
"Haha!  Good, that's what I want to hear!"
Before they could start, they had to unpack their belongings, which many of them still carried on their backs.  They were taken to the barracks building, which was crammed with beds stacked on top of each other, and everyone was instructed to dump whatever possessions they owned onto one of the beds and then return to the yard.  Jasson and Nellan found a pair of beds and claimed them, while Aldus was too slow and had to take one farther back.   Jasson dumped his pouch and his fur coat on the bed and then pulled off his shirt as well.
"You're gonna leave your pants on, right?" Nellan said jokingly, but then he turned to see that a few of the others had also chosen to strip to the waist as well, as Edrigo was.
"I have a feeling we're going to get worked pretty hard today," Jasson said.  "And I might as well get my sunburn over with."
"Good point," Nellan said, but he kept his own shirt on just the same.
"What?  Too shy to take off your shirt in front of other men?  I bet you took it off for that woman last night, didn't you?" he mocked gently.  He kicked off his boots as well and slid them under the bed.
Nellan blushed again.  "I didn't do anything last night, Jasson.  I mean, me and that woman kissed and felt each other up, but that's all.  I got nervous and ran off.  But don't tell Aldus that."
"Really?  You didn't sleep with her?"
"Like I said, I got nervous."
Jasson wanted to ask him why, but they didn't have time to talk.  Everyone was already filing back out into the yard.  When he walked out, the stone ground was warm under his feet, worn smooth after years of people walking across the surface, so there were no sharp edges to cut him.
"Line up!" Edrigo snapped.  "Stand up straight!  Hands at your sides!"
When they were in formation, Edrigo folded his hands behind his back and glared at them.  As he walked slowly across, he inspected each of them in turn, his dark brown eyes cutting into them mercilessly, looking for faults.  He grunted and grumbled as he took a good look at all of them, nodding to himself or grimacing when he saw something he didn't like.  Jasson kept his gaze straight ahead and tried not to hold his breath as Edrigo stopped in front of him.  But he just nodded in approval and moved on.
"Not bad," he said.  "I've seen much worse.  I know that most of you are from the mountains, and that's good.  The harsh land up there breeds hearty people.  Most of you look nice and strong.  You'll need that strength by the time you;re done here."
He walked to one of the soldiers standing nearby and casually yanked the man's sword right out of its scabbard.  He pointed it back at the assembled recruits and stared at them along the gleaming blade.  "I'm going to make soldiers out of each one of you.  I'm not going to go easy on you, and that's a promise.  I have no patience for weak bodies and simple minds.  When I'm done with you, each man here will be a hardened fighting machine ready to serve our Great King with honor and loyalty.  That's why you have come here, to serve the Grand Empire.  I'm the one who will make it happen."
He slashed the blade through the air with an audible whipping sound.  "And if any of you are too weak or too cowardly to live up to my expectations, I'll cut your throat and dump you in the river for the fish to feed on.  Do I make myself clear?"
In unison, they all cried out, "Yes!"
"Good!"  he tossed the sword back to the soldier, who caught it deftly out of the air and slipped it back into its scabbard in one smooth motion.
For the rest of the morning, Jasson exercised like he had never done in his life.  Edrigo ordered them to perform jumping jacks for almost a solid hour, hopping into the air and clapping their hands in a steady rhythm, until they were all winded and panting for breath.  Jasson was immediately happy that he had taken off his heavy boots beforehand.
The entire time, Edrigo stalked amongst them, shouting whenever anyone's motions got sloppy or they couldn't keep up with the rest of the group.  He got right into their faces and shouted insults and orders, until he was satisfied with their performance.
Finally, he ordered them all to stop, and everyone slumped down, dripping with sweat, gasping for breath, their arms hanging down like wet leaves.  He gave them about thirty seconds to catch their breath before ordering them to start marching.
"Let's go!  Move it!  If you think you ladies are tired now, just wait until we get back!"
"What does he mean?" someone wondered aloud.  "When we get back?"
Edrigo ran alongside them, shouting commands as they headed back across the bridge, through the village, and out along the beach.  They hurried along at a slow run, as Edrigo ran circles around them, chasing after the slow ones like an attacking wolf, snapping at their heels.
"And I thought we were done marching," Nellan said with a weak laugh.
Jasson's legs throbbed with pain and his chest burned with every breath as they ran, the salty air stinging his eyes and making his mouth dry.  His bare feet kicked up sand which stuck to the sweat running down his back.  However, he and Aldus both managed to stay near the front of the group of runners, while Nellan gradually fell farther and farther behind.  Jasson looked around and was surprised to see that Polus was there as well, at the front of the pack.  
They ran all the way back to Fort Tagon, and when they finally reached it, Edrigo let them rest.  "Five minutes only!" he said as he walked around the exhausted recruits.  He had run circles around them the entire way there and he didn't even look tired.
Jasson didn't sit down.  Instead, he crouched low and rested his elbows on his knees, taking in deep breaths and trying to slow down his thumping heart.  Around him, most of the others lay sprawled in the sand, utterly drained of energy.  Jasson took some pride in knowing that he had more endurance than some of the others.
"Can we ? can we get something to drink?" someone sputtered.
Edrigo laughed.  "You can have a drink after we're done!  Now get on your feet you lazy weaklings!  I want to see you moving twice as fast on the way back!"
They didn't move twice as fast, but Jasson, Polus, and a handful of others managed to keep almost the same pace, while Nellan, Aldus, and the rest were barely able to maintain a slow jog while being hounded the entire time by Edrigo.  Jasson could hear him cursing the slow ones from halfway to the fort.
By the time he stumbled through the gates to the village, he was nearly dead on his feet.  Right away, some of the villagers helped them sit down and gave them bowls of water to drink from.  Jasson's mouth was parched, but he just dumped the water over his head instead of drinking it.  A young woman with long, dark hair laughed and guided him to a wooden bench.  He wiped his face and shook some of the water from his hair.
"Let me get you some more," she said.
"Thank you," he replied gratefully.
He quenched his thirst and leaned back, already feeling the burn on his bare shoulders.  He ran his hand through his wet hair, brushing it out of his eyes, and looked around at his fellow recruits.
"Polus," he said.  "We're doing pretty good so far, huh?"
Polus said nothing at first, but then nodded brusquely and said, "It's not going to win us any favors with that guy.  He won't take it easy on us just because we did good today.  If anything, he'll lean on us even more."
"Isn't that a good thing?  We left everybody else in the dust.  Maybe we're cut out to be soldiers after all."
"Speak for yourself," Polus muttered.
A few minutes later, the rest of the recruits began to shuffle in, looking like they were about to collapse with exhaustion.  Nellan staggered in, looking like someone had beaten him, and slumped onto a bench, his breathing ragged.  His face was bright red and his shirt was soaked in sweat.  Jasson had always considered Nellan to be the stronger of the two of them, so it was a surprise to see him like that.  But he wasn't even in the worst shape, there were a couple of men who looked like they were practically on death's door.
Edrigo followed the stragglers in and merely shook his head as he walked past them.  He wasn't even breathing hard, but he accepted some water from a young boy carrying a tray of wooden cups.  He tussled the boy's hair and sent him on his way.
He walked over to where Jasson and the others were seated.  "You men, come with me.  I doubt I'll get much more work out of these weaklings back there."
Jasson groaned as he stood up, his legs protesting.  Polus said something under his breath but got up as well, and they all followed Edrigo back to the island compound.  From somewhere, Edrigo had procured an apple, and he bit into it with a loud crunch as they formed a line in front of him.  There were seven of them, including Jasson and Polus.
"I hope you enjoyed that little run," he said, munching on the apple.  "Because we're going to do it tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that.  I need to figure out which of you is worth the trouble to train properly, and which ones aren't good for anything but scrubbing floors.  I have to admit, I'm always a little surprised to see which ones can hack it and which can't."
He laughed to himself and finished his meal, tossing the apple core over his shoulder.  He rubbed his hands together and said, "In time I'll get to learn all your names, of course.  I wouldn't be much of a Captain if I didn't get to know each of you personally.  So while your friends out there are getting some much-needed rest, why don't we get to know each other?"
Jasson would have preferred to sit down and get something to eat, but he wasn't about to tell Edrigo that.  He had a feeling that this was part of some test, like Edrigo was challenging them to take the initiative and return to the village.  He cast a quick glance at the others to see if maybe they thought the same thing.  But he wasn't about to test his theory, just in case.
"I've been in the King's Grand Army for nineteen years," Edrigo said proudly.  "I joined when I was fifteen, barely a man.  My father was a Captain under King Haveros and my grandfather was an adviser to King Savrostra, so being in the Army runs in my blood.  But I was once a skinny little recruit just like you are.  I worked in Fort Tassar under a man named Dazarian, and he molded me into a warrior, just like I'm going to do with you."
His little speech over, he walked to the first man in line and said, "So what is your name?"
"Endry, of family Kode," came the nervous reply.
"And why did you join the Grand Army?"
Endry hesitated and then gave a little shrug.  "I guess I thought it would be exciting.  I might get to see more of the world."
"It can be very exciting," Edrigo agreed with a fierce grin.  "And you'll see more of the world that you ever knew existed.  I'm glad to have you here, Endry."
He went to the next in line, a lanky blonde boy about Jasson's age.  "And who are you, son?"
"My name is Tayven, of family Dirn."
"And what is your reason for being here?"
Tayven swallowed and seemed at a loss for words.  Jasson had seen him around, but he hadn't known his name.  This was the first time he had even heard the boy speak.  "I don't know," Tayven finally said, "I wanted to leave my village, I guess."
Surprisingly, Edrigo laughed out loud.  "I think you're holding out me, boy," he said, giving Tayven a fatherly slap on his arm.  "There's more to it than that, I'm sure.  You didn't like the place you grew up?  There's nothing wrong with that."
Jasson was next.  He stood up straight as Edrigo asked, "What's your name, son?"
"Jasson of family Mard."
"And why did you join the Grand Army?"
"I was chasing after a girl, sir."
Edrigo leaned back and broke out laughing again, his huge teeth glinting in the sunlight.  "Congratulations, my boy!  That's the first time I've ever heard that answer!  I hate to ask, but did you find her?"
"No, unfortunately I didn't."
"Well, that's a shame.  Was she pretty?"
"Yes, sir.  She was beautiful."
Edrigo clasped his shoulder, and it was like a twig in his massive hand.  "Well, I heard a sailor out of Calavasis tell me once that there are always more fish in the sea.  Don't be too upset about losing your girl, because there are always more of them around.  Maybe one of the sweet little darlings in Bakk can replace her.  Welcome to the King's Grand Army, Jasson."
He moved on to the next man in line, and the next after that.  Like Endry and Tayven, they were both unhappy in their home villages and desired to see the world.  Edrigo seemed happy with their responses, and Jasson supposed that the majority of the men who joined the Army did so for similar reasons.  A desire to be a part of something greater, and to experience the kind of life they could never have if they stayed in their tiny villages.  Joining the Army provided an opportunity to be a part of something important, and to do something meaningful with their lives.  
At the end of the line was Polus.  He kept his gaze on the rocky ground beneath his feet, his unkempt hair hanging in front of his eyes.  Jasson felt a sudden twinge of worry.
"So what's your name?"
Polus lifted his eyes just a fraction.  "Polus.  Of family Rosk."
"And why did you choose to join the Grand Army?"
"I did not choose to join.  I was brought here against my will."
The others bristled at Polus' response, and shied away from him.  Jasson fully expected Edrigo to be angered, but to his surprise, the big man merely nodded.
"I figured as much," Edrigo said after a short pause.  "You know, I've been doing this a long time now.  There's always a few men who don't want to be here.  Sometimes they get forced into joining for whatever reason, or maybe they join and then change their minds along the way.  I can usually spot them right off.  You aren't the only one, there's a couple more out there that I saw."
"I have no desire be a soldier," Polus said.  His voice was brittle, like he was holding in his anger and his sadness together.  Jasson couldn't tell if Polus was going to lash out, or if he was going to break down and cry.
"You took the oath given by Commander Oskern, did you not?"
"I didn't think I had a choice."
"There's always a choice to be made," Edrigo said.  "Let me ask you this.  Do you believe that the King's Grand Army serves a noble purpose in this world?  That the soldiers here are doing something important and worthwhile with their lives?"
"I suppose they are."
"Do you think that an honorable man would serve such a purpose, even if it was not what he wanted to do with his life?  Are you an honorable man, Polus?"
A whisper.  "Yes, I am."
"I know, I can see it in you.  And I see a man who lost his purpose.  You may not believe it, but you can find a new purpose here.  You don't want to be a soldier, but maybe a soldier is exactly what you need to be."
Chapter Twelve
Oalun

Standing in the back of the Grand Hall, out of view of the others, Administrator Oalun watched as the young northern girl was led away from the throne.  He kept his eyes on her until she disappeared into one of the side rooms, flanked by two guards.  She moved like a zombie, barely aware of her surroundings.  They would likely take her back to the bathing room to give her back her old clothes before the guards escorted her out of the Grand Palace.  But Oalun intended to get there before that happened.
He glanced back at the King, who was already talking about something else with Administrator Secorus, barely acknowledging that the girl had been there at all.  For a brief moment, Oalun felt truly sorry for her.  She had come all this way to face such disappointment.  The King had complimented her and honored her, and then discarded her like she was nothing.  
But the moment of sympathy quickly dissolved like a dream upon waking.  Oalun's mind was already racing with new possibilities.  While everyone was watching the girl, Oalun had carefully watched the other Administrators to gauge their reactions.  Surely, they knew as well as Oalun did that the King would not take the girl, even as beautiful as she was.  Even now, he could see some of them glancing back to the door she had been taken through.  Some of them were obviously curious about having the girl for themselves. 
He exited the Grand Hall and tucked his long, slender hands into the pockets of his purple robe.  Hidden in the folds was a long knife, and his fingers touched the golden handle out of habit.  He had never found reason to draw the knife, but he felt it was better to be armed, just in case.  During the reign of King Savrostra, Karustra's grandfather, it was not unheard of for Counselors and Managers, and even the occasional Administrator, to be assassinated within the walls of the Grand Palace during internal power struggles.  Thankfully, Karustra kept a much tighter grip on the politics of the throne, and his rule was so far mostly free of such bloody conspiracies.  But Oalun took no chances, and always had ways to defend himself.
There were seventeen official Administrators to the King, in addition to the five Royal Advisers, and each one of them had control over one small segment of the Grand Empire of Arvia.  Over the years, Oalun had successfully worked his way up from being an assistant to one of the local governors to being Administrator of the Western Coast region of Thonelis.  
In theory, all of the Administrators were of equal rank and station.  However, those regions closest to Samorath, and the ones with the most profitable natural resources, inevitably became more important, and the Western Coast was not one of those.  However, The Western Coast region was vital for the defense of the empire, so that fact gave Oalun some leverage.  He would never climb higher politically, as Administrators were never reassigned to new regions, and he knew he would never be chosen as an Advisor.  But that did not mean he could not take advantage of circumstances to increase his own sphere of influence.
He walked quickly down the wide corridor, his sandaled feet sliding across the marble floor without a sound.  Various Counselors, messengers, servants, low-level assistants scurried here and there, staying out of his way.  The hallways were always full of people running to and fro, guards and soldiers on military business, priests and acolytes from the Temple spreading the good word of the Mother and Father, visiting politicians and officials from outlying regions, not to mention the seemingly infinite number of visitors and random people walking around the Grand Palace for any number of reasons.
"Administrator," one of the guards to the main lobby said as he entered.
"Good morning, Narus," Oalun replied with a nod.
Most of the other Administrators kept mainly to their private offices within the Grand Palace, or stayed close to the King in the hopes of being granted special favors.  Oalun liked to walk the halls and make his presence known among the regular employees and other citizens who worked there, to remember the names of the guards, and treat even the most trivial messengers with some small amount of personal respect.  There was something to be said for gaining the appreciation and gratitude of the little people.  It was just another way of developing influence.  Even the lowliest administrative servant might someday be in a position to help him, and those small moments of kindness could be rewarded with loyalty when the time came.
Today was busy, but then again, every day was busy.  He had meetings with travelers, merchants, and people seeking an audience with the King.  Most of the latter group he had to turn down, but occasionally someone interesting would turn up.  Like Alona, for example.  
There were always representatives from dozens of local organizations trying to get someone to hear their proposals or lend a sympathetic ear to some legal complaint.  But usually, Oalun's job consisted of the routine business of managing tax revenue to the Grand Palace's coffers, overseeing political disputes within the borders of his region, giving orders to the military units under his command, reading daily reports from all the local governors, reading all kinds of other documents and messages, and trying to keep a close eye on all the details that threatened to escape his notice on a daily basis.
In his six years as Administrator of the Western Coast, crop harvests were plentiful, tax revenue was high, military units were well-trained, and the populace was happy.  But such good fortune was bound to change sooner or later.  Oalun woke up every morning wondering if today would be the day when a true crisis would fall into his lap.
There were already half a dozen important messages waiting for him when he returned to his private office, even though he had been gone for less than an hour.  Compared to the hectic rush of activity in the main halls, his office was a shrine of tranquil serenity and peaceful solitude.  He had just a few assistants copying some documents and taking messages, and accountants keeping track of finances, but other than them, the offices were empty at the  moment.  Bright midmorning sunlight streamed in through the large windows leading to the balcony overlooking the Gardens.
Rathan, the Manager of the office and Oalun's unofficial personal assistant, walked over to him, holding a stack of rolled documents under his arm.  "We've received the monthly reports from Tagon, Wostorock, and Haldeek.  Everything seems in order.  I left the summaries on your desk.  We also have some complaints from the governor of Teshiel but it's nothing important."
"Good, have we heard anything from Sheldara?"
"Not yet."
"Any more formal requests for a meeting?"
Rathan shook his head with some relief.  "No, not since this morning.  That soldier who came in with the girl is waiting in the outer room.  And you still have a conference with the other western Administrators this afternoon.  Your schedule after that is clear until this evening."
"Wonderful.  I'll see to the soldier and then check out the fort reports later.  Something else has come up that I have to take care of."
"Of course, sir."
"If Davrey is around, tell him to meet me in the hallway."
"Yes, sir."
Oalun retreated to his back office and through a side door to one of the waiting rooms, where the soldier named Dashelus was seated on a bench, waiting for him.  As soon as he arrived, Dashelus quickly stood up and gave Oalun a respectful nod.
"Do you have any other business here in the city?" Oalun asked.
Dashelus shook his head tiredly.  "No, sir.  If you have no need of me, I would prefer to be on my way.  I assume Alona will meet the King sometime today?"
"She already has.  I'm afraid the King did not choose her, though."
Dashelus said nothing, but let out a slow breath in disappointment, his eyes lowering to the floor for just a moment.  "Does this mean she'll be coming back with me?"
"That won't be necessary," Oalun said, giving Dashelus a warm smile and putting a hand on his shoulder.  "She apparently does not wish to return to her home, from what I understand.  She's a lovely young woman, I'm sure we can find a place for her here in the city.  If you'd like, we can go find her so you can say goodbye."
"No, that's okay.  I'd rather be going as soon as I can.  When you see her, tell her that I wish her the best of luck and it was a pleasure to know her."
"I will certainly do that," Oalun promised.  He pulled a small bag of gold coins from an inner pocket and put it into Dashelus' hand.  "Here is some compensation for you.  It's not the reward that Captain Oskern had hoped to receive, but you may have it with my thanks.  Keep some for yourself and give him the rest when you return to the fort."
"Okay," Dashelus said in surprise.  "Thank you, sir."
They went out into the hall, where Oalun shook the soldier's hand and sent him on his way.  He would probably spend the entire coin purse before he left the city, drinking his fill and finding some willing whores to spend the night with, and then tell his commander that he hadn't received anything, but that was fine with Oalun.  The soldier had done his job, and now Oalun just wanted him gone.
Davrey was waiting for him.  He was a boy of fourteen, one of Rathan's nephews, and Oalun knew he could be trusted.  "Come on," Oalun said simply, and Davrey obediently followed behind.
He slid his hands back into the pockets of his robe and walked the halls until he was back at the side chambers to the Grand Hall.  There were dozens of people milling around out front, local merchants and foreigners seeking an audience with the King.  Most of them would wait all day and then return the next, unless one of the Counselors or Administrators took pity on them.  Oalun grinned to himself as he skirted the group and then ducked through a low doorway, Davrey following closely behind him.  They walked through a series of outer rooms and antechambers and eventually made their way to the bathing rooms.
"You can't stay here," came a high-pitched voice.  "You have to go.  Come on, change back into your clothes.  Do it now!  If they catch you here, they'll throw you out."
Oalun stopped at a dark green curtain stretched across an opening in the wall.  Through it, he could see clearly into the bathing room, since the curtain was nearly transparent when viewed from this side.  He had stood in that same spot earlier, secretly watching Alona while she bathed.  He had watched her undress and felt mesmerized by her subtle beauty, and the memory of her nude body stepping into the warm tub put a smile on his lips.  To be sure, she was not like the other women of Samorath, but that made her special.
"Stay here," he said to Davrey, and stepped through the doorway.
Castilla was angrily yanking on the fine pink dress they had given Alona to wear.  The northern girl looked devastated, and her eyes were red.  She barely moved as Castilla urged her to change back into the ragged furs she had come here with.
"Administrator," Castilla said quickly, bowing and pressing her hands together.  "I'll have her out of here very soon, just give me a moment.  She must take those good clothes back off."
Oalun gave a dismissive wave of his hand, not looking at her.  "Leave us," he said.  Castilla bowed again and darted from the room.
He looked down at the girl, lifting a hand to rub his mouth and chin thoughtfully, and to conceal the smile he still carried.  The sleek pink dress they had given her was nearly transparent, and his eyes focused on her shapely breasts, just barely able to make out the dark nipples through the fabric.  Oalun admired them, waiting for her to speak.  Alona said nothing at first and then gradually became aware of his presence.
"What am I going to do?" she said softly.  "I can't ? I can't go back home."
"I understand," Oalun said.  "It's a shame that the King does not want you.  You must have convinced yourself that you would be chosen.  I can only imagine how you must feel right now."
"What am I going to do?" she asked herself again, her voice sounding as brittle as cheap pottery, ready to crack at the slightest pressure.
Oalun let her question hang unanswered for a few moments, and then he eased himself onto the bench beside her.  He leaned forward and put his hand gently on her shoulder.  Her skin was so fair compared to his tanned skin, and he admired the contrast before he spoke.  "You cannot stay here, I'm afraid.  In fact, you should already have left.  But I feel somewhat responsible for your situation, and that's why I came to talk to you."
"What?" she asked, looking at him in confusion.  "What do you mean?"
Her eyes were simply amazing, shining pale green with flecks of gold, and Oalun found himself drawn into her innocent gaze.  "I was the one who gave Captain Oskern his orders," he explained.  "I told him to search for the most beautiful woman in all of Arvia and send her here.  But that was a mistake on my part, so I want to give you my apologies."
"I don't understand."
"The King has very particular tastes when it comes to his women.  He likes tall, strong-looking women with very feminine features."  Oalun gave a shrug and decided to be more blunt.  "He likes the women in his harem to have dark skin and large breasts.  I should have known that northern women like yourself would not please him."
Alona let out a long, trembling sigh and stared at her hands.  "I thought that ? they told me that I was beautiful, and I just thought that the King would ..."
She had not even noticed that the strap on her dress had slipped down her arm.  Oalun caressed her bare shoulder and brushed some of her hair aside with his other hand.  
The King might not find a pale northern girl like Alona to be worthy to join his harem, but Oalun knew that any number of officials and politicians would be more than happy to share their bed with her.  Administrator Secorus had stared at her possessively while the King had looked her over, and Oalun had caught lustful glances from several others within the Grand Hall.  
Oalun would not have guessed that a crude man like Oskern would recognize such incredible beauty, but he had certainly done well this time.  Perhaps he deserved a promotion.  Alona was unique, she was different, she was absolutely stunning.  It was just Oalun's good luck that he had gotten to her first.
"You are very beautiful," he said, trying to keep his voice steady.
"I don't know where to go," she said, shaking her head in despair.  "Dash will have to take me back.  Maybe he can ..."
"I'm afraid that he has already left.  He was eager to get back on the road.  He wished you luck and said it was a pleasure to have met you."
"He left already?"  Alona gasped and then sank lower, burying her face in her hands and choking back sobs.  Oalun let his hand slide across her back, touching her through the sheer fabric of the dress, and then brought his hand back to her arm.  He carefully pulled her up so she was sitting straight again, and she let her hands fall into her lap, revealing her face streaked with tears.
"It's going to be okay," Oalun said smoothly, leaning in closer to her.  "You cannot live in the Grand Palace with the King, but that doesn't mean you're without options.  You don't have to return to your village if you don't want to.  You can remain here in the city if you like."
"What do you mean?"
He gave her a gentle smile.  "I'm an Administrator here.  You may not know what that means, but I have quite a bit of power and influence here in Samorath.  One of the perks of my position is that I can have many wives if I so choose.  You are very beautiful, Alona.  I have never seen a woman like you, and I would be most pleased to have you become my wife."
He hooked his finger through the loose shoulder strap and pulled down very carefully, so as not to break it.  The front of her dress pulled down and her left breast came free.  Alona froze in shock, holding her arms stiffly at her sides, staring down at herself.
Oalun took her exposed breast in his hand and cupped it firmly, reaching around her with his other arm to hold her close.  His rough fingers found the soft nipple and gave it a squeeze, making her gasp again, and then he slid his hand across to touch the other breast, the one still hidden under her dress.  He could feel her heart beating rapidly, but she was too frozen in surprise to try to stop him.
"The women in the Grand Harem have no marriage rights with the King," he explained, "and they can be thrown out at a whim.  Once the King tires of them, they are taken away.  But as my wife, you'll have the full rights of marriage.  To be honest, you would be much better off marrying me than joining the harem.  I know you're very surprised and confused right now, but I want you to be my wife, Alona."
She raised her hand and clutched his wrist, as if to pull his hand away.  But he continued to stroke her breast and asked, "Does this make you uncomfortable?"
"Yes," she breathed, staring straight ahead.
"You are very inexperienced with men, I can see that.  And yet, you came halfway across the empire to be a harem girl for the King."  He let out a chuckle and continued to run his fingers across her skin.  "You must have known what would be expected of you."
"I thought ? I thought I did.  But I'm not ? I don't know if I can do this."
"I'm not going to hurt you, Alona.  I just wanted to touch you, that's all.  I promise that I will never do anything to hurt you.  I won't force myself upon you either, if that is what you're afraid of."
He could feel her body shaking.  "Just let me go, please."
Oalun nodded and removed his hand, and then reached for the dress strap.  Alona yanked it back up over her shoulder and crossed her arms over her chest, closing her eyes and letting out a trembling breath.  Oalun found her sense of modesty charmingly refreshing.  Out in the city, many women bared their breasts without a thought, but in the north, women always kept themselves covered to everyone but their husbands.   It probably had something to do with the cold weather up there.  It intoxicated him to know that his hands would be the only ones to feel the touch of her soft skin.  
"I'm such a fool," she hissed to herself, wiping her eyes and looking away from him.  "I thought I could just come in here and everything would be perfect.  I don't know anything about what being in a harem is like.  I don't know how to please a man, I don't know anything.  I've done nothing but make a fool out of myself."
Oalun slid a few inches down the bench, giving her some space.  "Remember what you told me in my office?  That coming here was a great opportunity?  Most people would never be brave enough to travel halfway across the empire and take such a risk, Alona.  You saw a chance for greatness, and you took it.  you're hardly a fool."
"It was a mistake," she said.
"But you still have an opportunity here.  I'm very serious about taking you as my wife."
"Why me?" she squeaked.
"Because you're beautiful," he said as if it was obvious.  "Everything about you is beautiful."
She just shook her head, as if he was wrong.  "What if I say no?"
"Then you'll have to leave here at once," he said politely, unoffended.  "Do not worry.  You'll have no trouble finding work as a prostitute in one of the city's brothels, I'm sure.  You would be able to demand high prices, I suspect.  But you won't find anyone else willing to take you as a wife.  That I can assure you."
That last bit was a lie, but Oalun promised never to hurt her.  He didn't promise to always tell her the truth.
"Okay," she blurted out.  Then she quickly calmed herself, and said more firmly, "Okay, I'll be your wife.  I would be happy to marry you."
"I thought you might say yes," Oalun beamed.
"I still don't understand why, though," she said, looking up at him with those incredible eyes of hers.  "Why would you want to marry someone like me?"
"We can talk about that later," he said, taking her hands in his.  "You've made me very happy today, and I hope I'll make you happy as well.  One of my servants will escort you to my residence, where you can meet my other wives.  Unfortunately, I still have work to do here, but tonight I'll be home and we can have the wedding ceremony right away."
She nodded awkwardly.  "All right, thank you."
"You don't have to thank me," he said warmly.  "First, you still have to change out of that dress and put your other clothes back on."
"Oh, okay."
When he made no move to get up or leave the room, Alona looked at him and then nervously got to her feet.  Oalun leaned back and folded his hands in his lap, another wide smile curving his lips as she stepped into the center of the room and shrugged off the dress.  It fluttered around her feet and she stepped away from it.  Her fur pants and jacket were piled on a chair nearby.
"Please," he said.  "Let me see you."
Alona hesitated for only a moment and did as he asked, fidgeting with her hands, as if fighting the urge to cover herself.  Oalun could only hum with approval as his eyes swept across her naked body, her strong legs, tight stomach, lovely thighs, pert young breasts, and the soft fluff of brown hair between her legs.  He had already seen her nude, but this time it was much better because it was not in secret, and she could look right back at him as he stared at her.
Her skin was pure and fresh, and he knew that he was the first man to ever see her like this, and it aroused him.  Alona forced her arms to her sides and stood there, trembling, eyes cast downwards.  Finally, she raised her head to look at him.  Her eyes sparkled with fear and worry and shame, and Oalun felt like he was lost in them.
"you're like an angel, my dear."
Alona swallowed and glanced around, probably worried that someone might come into the room at any moment and see her like this.  But Oalun knew they had total privacy here.  Davrey and the servant woman Castilla were both waiting outside to make sure no one bothered them.
"You should not be so embarrassed," he said.  "We're all born naked, after all.  It's only natural.  And your beauty is so exquisite, the Mother must have taken great joy in creating you."
"I'm just, I don't know," Alona mumbled.  "I'm not used to this.  I'm sorry."
He smiled.  "I'll disrobe as well if it would make you more comfortable."
"No!" she blurted.  "No, that's okay.  I don't ? I mean ..."
Oalun laughed, and Alona let out a nervous laugh as well.  Still, her hands moved unconsciously to cover up her privates.  Oalun kept his hands in his lap to conceal his arousal.
"I'm sorry if I make you uncomfortable.  Go ahead and get dressed, my dear."
She did so quickly, tugging up her dirty gray pants and pulling the ugly brown tunic over her head.  Once covered, she breathed a little easier, and sat down to put her boots on.  Somehow, the dirty, grungy clothing made her natural beauty shine even brighter, like finding a diamond lying in the mud.  
He called for Davrey, and the young man came in and nodded politely.
"This man will take you home, my dear," he said to Alona as they walked out together.  "I'm sure my other wives will love to meet you.  They'll get you settled in, and tonight when I come home, we can get properly married."
"Okay," Alona said vaguely.
"Don't be worried.  Everything will be fine, I promise."
She seemed to snap out of her nervousness, and suddenly took his hand.  "I'm sorry, I don't know what to say.  I still feel like a fool, I don't even know ..."
He put his finger on her lips.  "Shhh, we'll talk later.  I know you're scared and that all of this is strange to you.  You don't have to apologize to me.  It might take you a few days to realize it, but you've made the right decision, I promise."
"Okay," she said.
"I would kiss you now, but perhaps that can wait until we are wed."
He let her hand slip out of his as Davrey led her away, and she went with him as if walking in a dream.  Oalun smiled to himself as he watched her go.  
He did not consider himself to be a very religious man, but if the Mother and the Father truly did exist, then Oalun felt they must have smiled on him this day to bring a beautiful girl like Alona into his life.  Besides, his other wives had nagged at him for years to get married again.  He was sure that Alona would fit into his household very well.  Jasamina would love her to pieces, he could see it already.  And he sensed that Minsha would befriend her quickly as well, since they were of a similar age and background.
Sometimes, it was the little things, like having a more beautiful wife than a political rival, that made him feel content.  Securing such a lovely new bride felt like a small, personal victory, and once the other Administrators saw her, they would surely be jealous of Oalun's good fortune.  He  wondered if Secorus or one of the other Administrators already had men waiting out in the main lobby to snatch Alona up the moment she came out.  Too bad for them.
He still had work to do, though.  Now that the business with Alona was finished, he could get back to his regularly-scheduled day.  He had to read the reports, check with Rathan about any new developments, and attend the Administrators meeting this afternoon.  And when he finally returned home, he would get married again.  It was going to be a busy day.
When he returned to his office, he took the fort documents and sat down at his desk.  There were half a dozen major military forts build along the coast, and each month they sent back detailed reports about supplies and training and any disturbances or sightings of foreign troops.  The rogue settlements in the North Spike sometimes sent down raiding parties, and the far continent of Tetharos was always a threat as well.  In fact, there were murmurs within the Grand Palace that the King planned to order to massive build-up of troops very soon, which would mean even more recruiting and gathering of new soldiers to staff the forts.  Oalun leaned back and scanned the information, but his mind wandered back to Alona and his upcoming wedding night.
Rathan suddenly knocked on the door, a folded sheet of paper in his hand.  "Sir?  We just received a message from Sheldara."
"Excellent," Oalun said, setting the report aside.  "Give it here and close the door."
He tore off the gob of wax that sealed the letter and unfolded it.  Sheldara never wrote anything directly, so Oalun had to mentally decode the message.  While Oalun read through the lines several times to make sure of their meaning, Rathan busied himself with lighting up a small oil lamp.
"Sheldara says I have to be there in person tonight.  Have a horse ready for me as soon as the Administrator meeting is over with."  Rathan brought over the lamp, and Oalun stuck the note into the flames.  He held the note up as it burned, and when the flame was down to his fingers, he shook it out and tossed the charred remains into a trash basket.
"Do you want a carriage, sir?"
"No, I have to go alone."
"Is that wise?"
"I suppose not," he admitted.  "But if Sheldara wanted to betray me, she would have done it by now, don't you think?  We've been going back and forth for almost a year.  I think she has something important for me."
Rathan gave a rather grim smile.  "If you say so, sir.  But I wonder why all of this has to be so secretive.  They could just come right out in the open.  Why do they insist on hiding themselves and communicating through messengers?"
"The Darvosh are a tricky breed, Rathan.  They have a lot riding on this, I suspect, so if they want to act secretive, then I'll play along with it.  The possible benefits outweigh the risks."
When Rathan was gone, Oalun resumed his perusal of the fort documents, but by now he was too distracted to really concentrate on them.  First there was Alona, and now this new development with Sheldara and the Darvosh.  It was going to be a busy day indeed.
Chapter Thirteen
Training

They were awakened in the morning when a soldier came into their bunk room and blew into a horn.  The noise it made was like a dagger scraping down Jasson's spine, and he fell out of bed in his haste to stop whatever was making that terrible sound.  He staggered to his feet as the soldier tucked the horn under his arm and announced that everyone was expected to be out in the yard in five minutes.
"I really wish they wouldn't wake us up that way," he groaned, sitting back down on his bed.  "I'm starting to hate that stupid horn."
Nellan climbed down from the top bunk.  "You're just starting to hate it now?  I hated it on the very first day," he said with a yawn.  "Come on, maybe they'll feed us breakfast first."
Unfortunately, they did not get breakfast right away.  As usual, Edrigo had them do more jumping jacks first to help them wake up, like he had done the last few mornings.  They had been at the fort for almost a week now, and the morning exercise routine was a normal part of their day.  They always started with jumping jacks before moving onto some other workout before being released to get their morning meal.
So far, Jasson could not detect any new muscles from all his exercising, but spending so much time in the sun had given him a reddish sunburn that would develop into a solid tan in another week, he hoped.  After the first day of training, his shoulders and face stung badly from the burn, but now it was just a vague crispness to his skin.  He did his daily training shirtless, like most of the others, and he also continued to go barefoot, at least until he got rid of his heavy fur boots and received some more appropriate footwear.
Today, Edrigo ordered them face down for push-ups.  He circled them like a predator, counting loudly, and everyone had to keep up with him or else get yelled at.  Many of them, Jasson included, had never done push-ups before, and their arms gave out after the first twenty or even fewer than that.
"Come on, you little babies!  You're soldiers now, you have to build up some muscles!"
The exercises dragged on for half an hour, and by the time Edrigo finally decided they had done enough, Jasson's stomach was growling intensely and his arms felt like they were made of jelly.  Nellan had to help him to his feet as they were ordered to the village for their morning meal.
The village of Bakk was, in truth, basically an extension of the fort itself.  The villagers mainly worked as fisherman or did labor for the camp under the authority of Edrigo or one of the other officers.  While the small island contained only the barracks and armory, the village had everything else.  Cooks and serving girls to prepare their meals, blacksmiths to build and repair armor and weapons, craftsmen to do repairs and build new structures, and all the assorted workers to do whatever else needed done.  There was even a flat little building in the middle of Bakk that served as a Temple of the Mother and Father, where people could go and pray or speak with one of the priests.  A chubby priest named Basley, who had traveled with them across the mountains, took over the little Temple and held daily services there.
People in the village took care of their horses and other animals, sewed and mended their clothing, inventoried the supplies that were delivered daily by boats along the river, and provided medicine when they were sick or wounded.  Pretty much everyone in the village worked for the Grand Army in some way or another.
And more than that, they provided a sense of community and friendship to the soldiers, beyond that of their bond of brotherhood to each other.  During meals and off-duty hours, the soldiers mingled with the villagers and chatted with friends.
Jasson sat together with Nellan and Aldus and lifted his bowl of porridge to slurp out the last bit.  Nellan munched on a piece of dry bread and looked around curiously, while Aldus leaned back and stretched his arm across his eyes.  Some of the others seated nearby looked utterly miserable, wincing in pain from their sore muscles and yawning from lack of sleep.  Until they adapted to the exercise routine, Jasson expected more than a few of them to regret their decision to come here.  Some of them probably already were.
Strangely, Jasson wasn't, though.  He felt a sense of exhilaration about the whole thing.  His muscles hurt just as much as everyone else's, but it was a positive sort of pain, motivating him to work even harder.  Each day during their morning run, he managed to stay in the front of the group and usually was one of the first people to arrive back in the fort.  Even though Aldus and Nellan were less enthused about Edrigo's training mentality, Jasson found himself getting into it.  The way he looked at it, the harder he worked now, the sooner the aches and pains would go away, and the quicker he would be ready for the next level of training.
Kredan wandered over and sat down, his shaggy black hair dangling in front of his face and a mug held in his big hands.  "Hey how are you guys?  Do you think he'll make us run all the way to Fort Tagon again?"
"Of course he will," Nellan sighed.  "And my legs still hurt from yesterday."
"Mine too.  I slept pretty good though, I'll tell you."
They chuckled about it and began to talk about the previous day's activities.  Jasson sat back and didn't take part in the conversation.  Instead, he looked around the benches and tables to take a look at the other men, trying to see how many of them he knew so far.  Despite traveling for a month, there were still many of the men whose names he didn't know yet.  Kredan was one of the only other recruits that they had really befriended so far.
There were two brothers named Makul and Shandus from the village of Riverhime, a heavyset man named Stodden from Sanderly, and several others that Jasson knew by name.  Seated next to each other by the gate were Dobrill and Jirtha, talking about something.  Jirtha, being one of the only women in the army, self-consciously distanced herself from most of the others, but she and Jasson had spoken a few times.  One of the other female recruits, a stocky blonde girl named Lashene, was chatting with a serving woman.  
Tayven, the quiet boy Edrigo had questioned on the first day of their training, was seated back by himself, silently munching on his breakfast.  Jasson made a mental note to talk to him later and get to know him a little more.  
In time he would get to know everyone here, since they would be spending almost every waking minute with each other.  Not just the soldiers, but the villagers as well.  Within a few weeks he wanted to know the names of all the people who prepared their food and mended their clothes, but there were so many of them.  Bakk had more people than he had known before in his entire life, he wondered if he could really keep track of so many names.
The one person he specifically wanted to know was the young woman who always handed him his water after the morning run.  He scanned the crowd for her and saw her was standing over at one of the tables, helping to stack up the dirty bowls and mugs.  He watched her for a little while, deciding that today he would ask her name.  She had nice long hair and a round face with dimples in her cheeks, and dark brown eyes.  She also had an admittedly nice figure partially concealed under her brown tunic and skirt.  He found himself admiring her tanned, muscular legs, and then he felt Aldus nudge him on the arm.
"Hey, did you hear me?"
"Sorry, I guess I was daydreaming."
"I said, did you hear that more new people might be coming here soon?"
"What?  No, I never heard that."
Kredan leaned forward.  "I heard one of the soldiers talking about it.  They said another hundred guys or something are coming here in a couple months.  And a lot of the soldiers here are going to leave in a few days."
"Really?  What does that mean for us?"
"I'll tell you what it means.  It means we have to be trained by the time they get here."  Kredan lifted his mug to his lips and took a long drink.  "The Captain won't be able to keep training us and train a bunch of new people at the same time."
"That's crazy," Aldus said.  "Just a few months?"
Kredan wiped his lip.  "That's what I heard."
"Well, I guess we have our work cut out for us," Jasson said.
After breakfast, as they had all expected, Edrigo had them run to Fort Tagon and back, shouting curses and orders the entire time.  Nellan fell back almost immediately, groaning in protest.  But Jasson and Polus managed to stay at the front of the group.  Over the past few days, he had grown to truly enjoy the feel of the sand beneath his feet and the spray of the waves on his face.  Polus didn't say anything, as usual, and Jasson wondered if he had taken Edrigo's words to heart.
When they reached Fort Tagon, Jasson wandered over to the edge of the beach and let the cold sea water splash up over his feet.  He stared out across the vast rippling expanse of water, still finding himself amazed at how impossibly huge it was.  If their long march out of the mountains had not truly made him appreciate the size of the empire, standing there at the edge of the sea made him feel like everything he had seen in his entire life only added up to a tiny fraction of the whole world.  He wondered if there were other lands on the other side of the sea and if it was possible to visit them.
He hurried back as Edrigo began yelling at them.  Nellan was seated in the sand, still gasping for breath, and Jasson helped him to his feet.  "You'll be fine," he said.  "Just keep thinking about the nice tall glass of water you can drink when we get back."
"I don't know, Jasson.  I don't think I'm able to do this."
"Well, don't say that where Edrigo can hear you."
By the time they returned to Fort Bakk, Jasson's stomach was growling again.  He walked through the gate, hands on his hips and panting for breath.  But he felt good.  He didn't even sit down right away, he remained standing as some of the villagers brought over water.  Polus and Tayven were there, and three others that Jasson didn't know yet.
He looked up to see the girl approach him.  Their eyes met as she handed him a mug to quench his thirst.  As he took it from her, their fingers brushed together.
"Thanks," he said.
She gave him a shy smile, twirling her foot in the dirt.  There was a gap in her front teeth and Jasson thought it looked cute.  "You're welcome."
"I see you every day.  What's your name?"
"Kateesha.  Of family Faro."
"I'm Jasson of family Mard.  There, now we know each others' names."
"Yeah," she giggled.  "I see you every morning.  You're always one of the first guys back.  Do you like being a soldier so far?"
"I'm not a soldier just yet, but the training is okay."
As some of the other recruits began to shuffle in, Kateesha said, "I have to go help them out.   It's nice to finally know your name."
"Yeah.  Maybe we can talk again later?"
"I'd like that."  She gave him a friendly wave and hurried off.  Jasson walked over to one of the benches and took a seat next to Tayven.  The tall youth glanced up at him and smiled awkwardly, as if he wasn't sure how to do it.
"Hey.  Good run today, huh?"
"I guess so," Tayven said.  "Running is easy, I used to run all the time back home."
"Where are you from?"
"A place called Lannawell.  It's a town south of the hills.  My father worked a farmstead a few miles from the town, so I had to run back and forth all the time, running errands and stuff."
"I see.  I'm from a village called Oakenfal.  I never ran like this in my entire life," he chuckled.  "But I guess maybe I'm good at it."
Tayven laughed a bit and sighed, holding an empty mug in his lap.  "So what do you think about this place so far?  It's not really what I expected at all."
Jasson shrugged.  "Seems okay to me.  I didn't really know what it would be like.  I wasn't really thinking about it at the time."
"Did you really join the army because of a girl?"
"Yeah, I really did.  What about you?  Did you think of a good reason yet, in case Edrigo asks you again?"
Tayven laughed humorlessly looked down into his mug.  "I guess I joined up to get away from my father.  I didn't want to be a farmer, and I was just tired of him always bossing me around, you know?  I feel kind of bad about it, since my father is all alone now.  But I didn't want to end up like him, I wanted to do something on my own for a change."
"I think that's a better reason than I had," Jasson said, patting him on the back.  "Maybe someday you'll get to go back and show you father what you accomplished.  Maybe he'll be proud of you."
"I doubt it," Tayven said.
As the other runners began to shuffle in, Edrigo ordered them all back to the fort.  Most of them groaned as they stood back up.  As he walked back toward the bridge, he saw Kateesha standing by one of the small houses.  He smiled and gave her a quick wave, and she energetically waved back.
Aldus popped up beside him.  "Hey, who's that?"
"A girl in the village.  Her name's Kateesha."
"By the Father, we've been here a few days and you found a new girlfriend already?  It didn't take long for you to forget about Alona, did it?"
"Hey, now," Jasson said, swatting at Aldus' arm.  "Give me a break."
"She's cute.  Are you gonna name any of your kids after me?"
"Knock it off!"
Laughing, they entered the fort and got into line at Edrigo's command.  Jasson assumed that like yesterday, they would start doing more exercises until it was time for lunch, and he was ready, even anxious, to get started.  He stretched his arms back and forth and balanced on the balls of his feet.  Beside him, still panting for breath and looking miserable, was Nellan.  Aldus chatted amiably with Kredan on the other side, and Polus was frowning to himself in the back of the group.  Very few of the men seemed particularly excited about doing more exercises, but Jasson looked forward to it.  Doing push-ups or jumping jacks was a better use of his time than standing around talking.  
Edrigo came out of the command office, grinning to himself, the morning sunlight glinting off his bald head.  Cracking his knuckles, he looked over the assembled trainees expectantly, as if making a decision.  Finally, when most of them had noticed he was standing there, he nodded and stepped forward.
"Listen up," Edrigo said in a surprisingly calm tone.  It was somehow more effective than his normal barking voice, and everyone immediately snapped to attention.  After a few days of his command, the men were already accustomed to following his orders instantly.  He grinned a smile of huge white teeth and put his hands on his hips.
"Today we'll do something a little bit different.  You've all been here for a week now, and I think it's time to start some introductory combat training.  Some real simple stuff, just to give you a taste of what's to come."
Jasson could almost hear the thoughts of the men around him.  All the running and exercising and working they had done already wasn't even an introduction yet?  What would the real training be like?  A few of the men could barely handle the work they were already doing.  Jasson perked up at the news, however.  
"All of you will receive training with a sword and a bow," Edrigo explained, walking down the line of men.  "I know that many of you were hunters up in the mountains, so some of you are probably already proficient with a bow, but you'll be trained anyway, whether you need it or not.   A standard unit within the Grand Army is composed of swordsmen and archers.   In time, half of you will specialize with a bow and half with a sword.  It's not important for any of you to decide right now."
Jasson knew right away that he wanted to specialize with a sword.  He was a fairly capable archer, at least when it came to shooting deer and birds, but shooting at a man would feel far different.  He hadn't joined the army to shoot at men from afar.  He wanted to feel the weight of a sword in his hand.
"But before we even get started on any of that," Edrigo continued, looking across the faces of the men, "you have to learn how to fight with your hands.  Today, we'll start with some very basic hand-to-hand practice.  Only after you learn how to fight with your hands will you graduate to using a sword."
Looking up, Jasson noticed that many of the soldiers in the fort were up on the wall, watching Edrigo interestedly.  Some of them were speaking quietly to each other and joking around, pointing into the group of trainees.  Jasson realized that they were placing bets.
"Some of you boys look big and strong," Edrigo chuckled.  "Maybe you think you already know how to fight.  Maybe you've been in a few fights already and think you can handle yourself.  Well, I'm going to give you the chance to prove it.  If any of you think that you can take me in a fight, I want you to step forward."
No one took the bait right away, and Edrigo nodded and scanned the crowd for anyone who looked like they wanted a shot.  "I'll tell you what," he said.  "Any man here who faces me in a fight and can even land a single punch can have the rest of the day off.  You don't have to do any exercise, you can head out in to the village and have a drink and relax all day.  How about that?"
A voice came from the back.  "I'll take that bet."  Jasson looked behind him to see the man who had spoken.
"Come on up here then," Edrigo said energetically, waving his arm.
A man named Rassus marched up in front of everyone.  He was a bear of a man with a bushy reddish beard and thick, muscled arms fuzzy with hair.  Jasson knew a little bit about Rassus but had never spoken personally to him.  He had a jovial smile on his square face, his arms swinging confidently at his sides.  He was a big man, but Edrigo was bigger.
"You ever been in a fight before?" Edrigo asked.
Rassus nodded, stopping a few paces away.  "I've been in a few," he said, watching Edrigo warily, which seemed to Jasson to be the right attitude to have.
"Well, come on then."
"You sure you won't throw me jail or something if I hit you?"
Edrigo waved his arm at the rest of the trainees.  "You got plenty of witnesses here that will back you up.  Just go ahead and try to take a swing at me."
Rassus rubbed his bristly chin and took a few steps forward before putting his fists up and bracing himself.  Edrigo stood sideways, his arms at his sides.  For a few tense moments, neither of them moved.  Jasson held his breath, and it was so quiet in the fort that he could hear the muffled lapping of the waves out on the beach.  Cautiously, Rassus came forward, but Edrigo made no attempt to defend himself.
When Rassus made his move, his swung in with his left hand before changing direction and swinging an overhand right.  The feint was so effective that Jasson didn't fully understand what happened next.  In the blink of an eye, Edrigo shifted his feet, completely ignored the left hook, and swung his left arm up to block Rassus' punch.  Then his huge right arm came up and connected with the bearded man's jaw with a solid thud.  Rassus managed to take one unsteady step forward before his legs went out from under him and then he slumped senselessly down as if he'd fallen asleep standing up.
Edrigo swiftly moved to catch his head before it cracked against the ground, and waved over two other men to help Rassus.
Immediately, the solders up on the wall began to holler and shout, roaring with laughter and yelling down comments and jokes.  Edrigo let them have their fun for a moment or two, and then snapped his head up.  "This isn't for your entertainment!" he shouted.  "Don't you men have anything better to do?"
Two men held Rassus up in a sitting position as he looked around with a dazed expression, his hands in his lap.  Edrigo patted him on the shoulder.  "You did a pretty good job.  Why don't you go take a seat?  You might be taking the rest of the day off even though you didn't hit me," he chuckled.
Jasson blew his breath out and shook his head, turning to glance at Nellan, who stared with his mouth hanging open.  The other men were shocked into silence.  Rassus was a big, strong man, and Edrigo had moved so fast that he took him down with one punch without even trying.
"All right, who's next?"
"Not me, that's for damn sure," Jasson whispered.
It seemed like all of the others agreed with him, but then someone else decided to come forward.  Jasson didn't know his name yet, but he was a big guy like Edrigo with wisps of gray in his tangled hair.  
After watching the failed attempt by Rassus, the man held his hands up and came at Edrigo from the side.  But Edrigo, despite his size, was almost supernaturally fast, and  he swatted the oncoming punch aside and decked the man right in the jaw, sending him crashing down like a felled tree.
After that, no one else wanted to take a shot at the Captain.  Although Jasson wondered how many of them might have been willing to get knocked out for the chance to take the rest of the day off, none of them chose to come forward.
"Nobody?" Edrigo laughed.  "You men are a smarter bunch than my last group!  Alkane, how many men tried to take me down last time?"
"Six, I think, sir," one of the soldiers by the gate answered.
"Six!  And this time we only have two!  It seems the recruits are getting smarter.  That's a good thing.  I don't like hurting men if they don't really deserve it.  To be honest, I could spend all day beating you men up and I wouldn't even get tired."'
His smile faded away and his face took on a more serious expression.  He held up his left fist and then slapped his forearm fiercely.  "This is your shield!" he shouted.  "Before I let a single man among you hold a weapon, all of you must learn to defend yourselves!  I can't take all of you in a fight because I'm bigger and stronger than you are, it's because I know how to defend myself.  You'll learn how to block a punch just like you would block a thrust from a sword!  The strongest warrior in all of Arvia can be taken down with little difficulty if he does not take care of his own defense.  That's the first thing all of you will practice."
Edrigo split them up into pairs, but prevented anyone from pairing up with someone they are already friends with.  Somehow, he paid enough attention to know who was friends with who, and he deliberately made them partner up with someone they didn't know very well.
Jasson was paired up with Jirtha.  She pursed her lips and nodded at him and he gave her an awkward shrug.  He had to admit she was bigger and stronger-looking than he was, but after watching Edrigo's demonstration, he wondered how much that actually mattered.
"Defend!" Edrigo boomed.  "Left arm up!"
Facing each other, Jasson and Jirtha raised their left arms, and at Edrigo's signal, they threw right-hand punches at each other.  First Jasson and then Jirtha, back and forth as Edrigo walked down the line, shouting commands.  Jasson had only been a few fights when he was a child, and those were more like wrestling matches.  He realized with some surprise had he had never thrown a real punch before in his entire life.  Jirtha, on the other hand, seemed to know what she was doing.
"Punch!" Edrigo commanded.  "Defend!  Punch!  Defend!"
Jasson swung his arm and Jirtha easily batted it aside.  Then Jirtha launched a punch that Jasson had trouble blocking.  A few times, Jirtha struck so hard that Jasson wasn't able to block it fully, and had the fist glance off the side of his head.  He tried punching harder, but it made little difference.  Jirtha was just bigger and stronger that he was.  
"You're doing okay," Jirtha said in a surprisingly gentle voice, when she noticed Jasson getting frustrated.  "Just focus on blocking.  There's no point in going easy on each other, is there?"
"I guess not.  My arm is getting tired though."
"Mine too."
They kept at it for a little while until they started getting worn out.  Jasson's arm was aching and sore from repeated blows, and he was sure that by the end of the day, his entire forearm would be one huge throbbing bruise.  When Edrigo finally ordered them to stop, Jasson winced and cradled his arm against his side.  
Jirtha rubbed her own arm.  "You did a good job.  At least you didn't hold back on me because I'm a woman.  I hate it when men act that way."
"Like you said, there's no sense in going easy on each other.  I think you did better than me, though.  It looks like you already know how to block a punch pretty well.  Have you been in fights before?"
"Not really," Jirtha said with a shrug.  "But I know how to fight off a man."
Edrigo gave them a few minutes to relax before moving onto his next demonstration.  He brought out one of the fort soldiers, a man named Alkane, and ordered him to try to land a punch on his commanding officer.  But instead of fighting back, as he had so swiftly done with Rassus, this time Edrigo simply went on the defensive.
Alkane was no weakling, and he knew how to fight as well as anyone Jasson had ever seen, but Edrigo managed to deflect and block every punch that Alkane threw at him.  It seemed like Edrigo knew where the next punch was going to come from, and had his arms ready to block before the punch was even thrown.  After several minutes, Edrigo ended the demonstration and slapped his sparring partner on the back.
"Good work, Alkane," he said.
"I'll get you next time, sir."
"You keep trying."
While Jasson rubbed his sore arm, he found it strange to think that he had never really considered defense when it came to fighting.  He always figured he would learn how to swing a sword and that would be it.  Somehow, he anticipated his training would involve much more than that, now that he began to see how Edrigo approached the subject of combat.
"If you don't know how to block a punch," Edrigo said, "you sure won't be able to block a sword thrust.  And a sword cutting your belly open hurts a lot more than a punch, that's for sure.  You men won't do the Grand Army any good if you get yourselves killed the first time you're involved in a battle.  My job is to teach you to fight, but also to teach you how to stay alive."
They spent the rest of the morning practicing defense.  Edrigo split them into pairs again, this time with new partners, and gave them instruction about how to block punches.  He gave them so much information that Jasson couldn't keep it all in his head.  How to stand, how to move, what direction to deflect an attack, how to move your arms, how to leave your opponent open for a successful counter-attack.  Edrigo made fighting seem like a science.  And every piece of advice he gave them had a flip side to it, Jasson realized.  By explaining how to defend, he was also showing them how to fight and prevent their own attacks from being blocked.
"Whenever possible, use your attacker's own momentum against him," Edrigo said.  "Don't try to stop an attack directly, always deflect it and force it past you.  Whether it's a fist or a sword, use as little of your own energy as possible in redirecting an attack.  Once I let you men graduate to using a shield, you'll learn how to hold it properly to allow your enemy's sword to slide off it instead of slamming against it.  But you must understand the basics before we get that far."
Finally, by the time the sun was directly overhead and they were all sweating and grumbling in pain from sore limbs, Edrigo called for a break.
"All right, I think I'm beginning to see some progress," he said, placing his hands on his hips and looking fiercely at them.  "You're still a bunch of weak little babies as far as I'm concerned, and one single barbarian from the North Spike could probably kill half of you with his bare hands before the rest of you took him down, but I think there just might be a spark of potential in you."
He laughed to himself.  "So I'll be a nice guy and give you a break this afternoon.  I'll come get you in a couple hours and then we can start back up with your training later this afternoon."
Some of the men perked up at the news, and when they walked out into the village, everyone seemed in good spirits.  Jasson's arm was killing him, but he joked with Aldus and Nellan as they got into line to receive a plate of fish and vegetables.  Rassus, the first man to get knocked out by Edrigo, got into line behind them.
"You okay?" Aldus asked him.
"I guess I am.  I knew the Captain was a tough guy, but I didn't think he'd nail me that fast," Rassus chuckled self-deprecatingly.  "All I remember is coming at him, and the next thing I know, I'm on the ground with some of the boys carrying me away."
One of the serving girls dumped a heavy spoonful of chopped potatoes and beans onto Jasson's plate, next to a steaming hunk of cooked fish.  He looked around for Kateesha but didn't see her anywhere, so he wandered through the gate and out to the beach.  Looking out across the rolling sea, he took a bite of the fish and chewed thoughtfully.
Again, his mind drifted back to Oakenfal.  He hoped that everyone was doing well, his family and his friends, and that they had already moved on without him.  He didn't want his parents worrying and praying about him.  His younger brother Darlen was the oldest child now, and it would be his duty to keep the family strong.  Tassia, his little sister, would have to grow up some more as well.  Maybe, like Aldus, he would return there someday to see them again.  But he honestly didn't think so.
He watched the waves lap up over the sand and heard some laughing nearby.  A few village children were far off to his right, playing in the water.  Jasson realized that he'd been in Bakk for a week now and he still had not gone into the sea himself.  The most he had done was let the waves splash up over his bare feet.  He wasn't a very good swimmer, but maybe he could learn.
"Hey," Aldus said, walking up beside him.  "We're going to head up the river and see what's down there.  Some of the guys are talking about going for a swim.  It sounds like a pretty good idea to me."
"You know, I was just thinking about that," Jasson said.  "I think all of us need to take a dip in the river, to get cleaned up at least."
"You got that right.  I'm not used to sweating this much."
"Me neither.  Some of us are starting to smell pretty ripe," he laughed.
Down along the river side of the village, there were a bunch of fishing boats lined up, and more out in the water.  One of the locals poured out nets choked with fish.  Small round houses were clustered along the wall.  A group of older women were out in front, gossiping while they knitted together some kind of cloth.  Young boys helped one of the fishermen clean his catch.  As Jasson and Aldus walked through the village, he was impressed at how busy everyone was, and how the day-to-day activities of keeping the fort running went so smoothly.  Everyone had a job to do, even Jasson.
Down at the end of the village, they passed through an open gate leading downriver.  Up ahead, they saw a handful of other men already heading that way.  Their daily exercises and training were so intensive that most of them had not had a real chance to leave the village yet and explore the surroundings.  The river bank was lined with tufts of thick grass, and the brownish water of the Silver River seemed calm, but Jasson knew that it was steadily flowing toward the sea.  At this point near the river mouth, the river was at its widest, spanning half a mile from shore to shore.  On the opposite side, there were more huts and people milling about, framed against a thick wall of bushy trees.
Aldus snatched a stone up and whipped it into the water.  "They said this river goes more than two-thirds of the way to Samorath.  Can you believe that?  You can take a boat almost the entire way down."
"You think we'll ever have a chance to go there?"
"Sure, probably.  That's where some of the soldiers went that were stationed here before us.  I heard the Commander of the other fort took most of his men to the capital with him."
Jasson chuckled.  "Where do you hear all this stuff?"
"I listen to people," Aldus replied with a grin.  "I know you never do.  You always start daydreaming whenever we get some time to relax.  But I like to pay attention to what everyone is talking about."
 "Maybe you're just nosy."
"They could train me to be a spy or something!  I bet I'd be great at that."
Jasson looked behind him to see that the village was almost out of sight.  Up ahead of them, the river spread out and he spotted the others standing around on a sweeping section of beach partially hidden behind another dense tangle of trees.  The beach sloped down into the water, and already half of the men were wading out and swimming into the river.
"Where's Nellan at?" he asked.
"I think he stayed behind," Aldus shrugged.
"Looks like he's missing out."
Aldus jogged down to the beach and stripped off his shirt and trousers, tossing them in the sand.  He ran to the water and jumped in, splashing like a child playing in water for the first time.  He brought his head up and shook water from his face, his hair whipping back and forth.
"Woo!  Water's cold!"
"Watch it, kid," one of the other men laughed.  "Don't be splashing me or I'll hold your head underwater."
A few of the men wore their underclothes into the water, but most of them simply went nude.  There didn't seem to be anyone else along the beach, and they were far enough from the village, so Jasson just slid out of his pants and waded out naked into the water.  It was chilly, but after working and sweating so much the last few days, it felt wonderful.  He gladly submerged himself up to his shoulders and let himself float up on his back.
"Back home the old lake is probably still half-frozen," Aldus said, running his fingers through his messy hair.  "It's so strange that it's so much warmer here."
"I know.  It feels like summer, but its barely springtime yet.  The summers here are probably way hotter then we're used to."
"I can live with that!"
Jasson floated around for a little while, stretching his arms out and staring up into the clear blue sky, the water feeling cool and pleasant on his sunburned skin.  Taking advice from Aldus, he decided to listen to the men talking around him.  For the most part, they were discussing their lives back home, or commenting like Aldus at the much warmer weather down here along the coast.  It had something to do with higher elevation in the mountains, but Jasson had trouble understanding how that could matter.
"I should have taken a shot at Edrigo," one of them commented.  "I bet I could have hit him."
"Sure, and we'd be dragging you away like a sack of grain after he knocked you on your backside," another laughed, scrubbing his shoulders with a rag.
"You hear that there's a lot more guys coming here pretty soon?"
"Yeah, I guess we'll get our training pretty quick to make room for them."
"They're gonna build some more barracks out in the village too.  One of the fisherman guys said the whole village will get bigger."
Jasson sighed and stood up in the water, letting his hair drip down over his face.  He took a few moments to wipe himself down to remove as much sweat and grit as possible, but he didn't have anything to really clean himself with.  Maybe if they got a bit more free time in the early evenings, he could come out and take a swim more often.  He splashed water over his face and squeezed it out of his hair, idly looking out across the beach.  
He strode up out of the water, intending to take a seat on the beach and let his skin dry off, when he happened to glance up and see one of the bushes on the far end of the beach move suddenly.  With the water up to his knees, he paused and then took a few steps back so the water was up to his waist.  He tilted his head and waited curiously, ignoring the other men for the moment.  Then the bush moved again, and he saw three pairs of eyes lift up and peer down across the beach.
Jasson tried to hide his smile, and glanced over at Aldus and the others, who didn't seem to notice.  He looked back at the three young women hiding behind the bushes and put his hands on his hips, letting them spy for a little while longer.  He wondered if they had been there from the beginning, and decided it didn't really matter.  When one of the men left the water to dry off, Jasson watched the women giggle and point.
When they suddenly noticed he was staring right at them, two of the women gasped in embarrassment and disappeared.  He saw their shadows darting out into the trees, but the third woman looked right back at him.
It was Kateesha.  She stood up, a sly smile on her pretty face, and gave Jasson a little wave before she snuck away into the foliage.  Jasson remained standing there for another few moments, and then laughed to himself and walked out of the water.  He didn't know who the other two girls were, but he hoped they all got a good look.  Next time he saw Kateesha, he would be sure to ask her if she liked what she saw.
Chapter Fourteen
Wives

Wordlessly, Alona was led through another twisting series of hallways and then emerged into an open courtyard, shielding her eyes and blinking away the brightness of the sun.  Across from them were some low wooden buildings, and by the smell she could tell they were for horses and other animals.  The young man, Davrey, had not said a single word to her.  He walked with some authority out into the yard and waved over a man wearing a gray robe, who was tending to some horses.  They shared a few quiet words and the man scurried away, his sandals kicking up dust from the smooth brown stones that covered the courtyard.  Alona felt like she had a thousand questions she wanted to ask, but she didn't even know where to start.
"Where are we going?" she managed to ask, breaking the silence.  
Davrey smiled at her.  He was clearly younger than she was, but his dress and manner lent him the air of experience and wisdom.  His black hair was smoothed back, and his eyes were warm and brown.  "To the Administrator's home," he said in a gentle voice.  "I've called for a carriage to take us there."
"Are you his son or something?"
"No, I'm just one of the Administrator's messengers," he said with a chuckle.  "I believe you met my uncle, Rathan.  He's the Manager of the Administrator's office."
Alona didn't know if she had met him or not.  The past few hours of her life seemed like a blur that she was still trying to catch up with.  It seemed just minutes ago that she and Dashelus had entered the capital.  Since then, she had been swept along like a leaf floating in a creek.
"I don't remember him," she admitted lamely, fidgeting with her hands.  "Everything is happening so fast, I feel like ? I don't know."
"Where are you from?" Davrey asked, folding his hands behind his back.
"North of here, a village called Oakenfal."
He nodded at her fur clothing.  "Up in the mountains?"
"Yes."
"And you've never been to Samorath before?"
"No, never.  All of this is new to me."
The boy smiled and nodded his head.  "It must be very strange.  I confess I know very little about life outside of Samorath, but I've heard some things."
Two horses trotted into the courtyard, their hooves clacking on the stones.  They pulled behind them an ornate carriage riding on two large wheels, with the man in the gray robe seated up top, holding the horse's reins.  It was painted red and gold, with red fabric stretched over the top to provide shade, and golden tassels swaying from the edges.  The driver smiled politely at her, but she looked away.
Davrey, sensing her discomfort, held out his arm and offered to help her into the carriage.  Her hands trembled slightly as she gripped the edge of the door and pulled herself inside.
"Take us to Administrator Oalun's residence," Davrey said as he sat down beside her.
She lurched back into her seat as the driver snapped the reins and the horses started forward with a jerk.  The wheels jostled over the uneven paving stones as the carriage slipped down a narrow alleyway behind the Grand Palace.  The walls were lined with huge pots of flowers and dangling ivy.  She assumed the alley was for carriages only, because there were no people walking there.
She sunk into the cushions and folded her arms over her stomach.  It was all happening too fast for her mind to keep up with.  An hour ago, she thought she was going to become a servant to the King, and now she was going to marry an Administrator.  Life had yanked out the ground from under her feet, and then replaced it just as swiftly to keep her from falling.
She didn't even know if she liked Administrator Oalun or not.  He had seemed polite and nice to her at first.  But she closed her eyes and repressed a shiver as she remembered his hand on her skin, slipping under her dress to fondle her.  He should never have touched her that way without her permission, and she felt like he had taken advantage of her.  She might be willing to become a harem girl for the King, but that didn't give anyone else the right to touch her body like that, even if he was an Administrator.
But like everything else here in Samorath, she didn't understand their customs and what they thought was acceptable.  She already knew that women here showed their breasts in public and they clearly didn't have any shame in doing so.  Perhaps Oalun's behavior was not so strange.  Maybe in Samorath, touching someone's chest was no more personal than touching their arm.  Oalun might have thought nothing of it.  He might have even been trying to comfort her.
She didn't think so, though.  Oalun wasn't stupid, and he knew right away that it made her uncomfortable.  In Oakenfal, he would have gotten his hand cut off for doing something like that.  
But he let her go when she asked him to.  She suspected that he didn't have to do that.  He probably had enough authority that he could have done almost anything to her and not faced any punishment at all.  For the moment, she tried to give him the benefit of the doubt.
He asked her to marry him.  That had to count for something.  And his touch, however unwanted, was gentle and tender.  Alona did her best to put it into perspective.  But she still shivered at the memory of his hand pinching her nipple.  Somehow, she thought the first time a man touched her body would be more romantic.
"Do you have any questions you'd like to ask?" Davrey asked, his arm draped over the edge of the carriage, his fingers brushing past the ivy on the walls.
"Yes, more questions than I can even think of."
"Go ahead and ask one."
"Is Oalun a good man?" she blurted out.  "I mean, I just agreed to marry him and I know nothing about him."  She kept moving her hands around and shifting in her seat, unable to get comfortable, feeling like she was overflowing with nervous energy.  She licked her lips and looked over at Davrey.
"He's a good man," Davrey said smoothly.  "My uncle would never work for him otherwise.  But I'm not the best person to ask.  Perhaps you should ask his wives when we get there."
"How many wives does he have?"
"Four.  You are the fifth."
"Is that normal to marry five different women?"
Davrey shrugged.  "Some Administrators have as many as ten or twelve wives.  Usually they're political marriages, of course.  But Administrator Oalun doesn't have any political ties through marriage that I know of.  He chose to marry all his wives for personal reasons."
"Oh, well that's good, I think."
 "You don't have to be so scared.  Once you meet Jasamina and the others, they'll tell you everything you need to know."
"Jasamina is one of his wives?"
"Yes, his first wife.  They've been married for twenty-one years."
"Does he have any children?"
Davrey's casual smile faltered a bit.  "No, I'm afraid that the Administrator has no children."
Alona wanted to ask why, but she kept her mouth closed and forced herself to look out at the city as the carriage swerved out of the alley and clattered through the a busy city street.  They passed more homes, merchant shops, entertainers, groups of travelers, men and women and laughing children, all manner of people walking along the side streets of the city.  Few of them gave the passing carriage even a moment's glance.  Red and blue banners flapped in the warm breeze, and the scents of cooking food from open windows, sweet perfume from merchant booths, and animal dung from the street all mixed and combined to form one cloying odor that she could not shake.
The street angled upward and they headed through an arch lined with flowers.  City guards patrolled to their left and right, and they moved along a twisting uphill street with a wall on each side, marked with small doorways.  Over the wall, Alona could see the tops of houses on the other side.
"We're here," Davrey said as the carriage slowed to a stop.  He hopped down and straightened the front of his tunic.
Alona took a deep breath and stepped out of the carriage.  Oalun's residence was a broad, flat house with a red tile roof and a wide grass yard out front.  A circular stone fountain sat in the center of the yard, with a statue of a woman holding a large water jug on her shoulder.  Water splashed from the jug down her bare legs and into the pool below.  Rows of bright flowers lined the edges of the yard, and large pots of flowers hung from chains on the roof of the front veranda.
A young woman emerged from an arched doorway, dressed in a white shawl and a long white skirt.  Her face was framed in a sheer white scarf that covered the top of her head, and long curls of dazzling blonde hair hung below her shoulders.  
"Good morning, Hanya," Davrey said with a bow.  
The girl glanced curiously at Alona before giving Davrey a friendly smile.  "Good morning, Dav.  It's good to see you again.  Has Oalun sent you?"
"Indeed he has."  Davrey took Alona's arm and almost had to drag her forward.  She spied two other people looking out at her from a window, and made an effort to smile, but it came out like a strained grimace.
"This beautiful woman is named Alona, and she's from the Kavas Mountains.  She arrived in Samorath just today, and Administrator Oalun has chosen her to become his new wife."
Hanya's face lit up.  "Oh!  That's wonderful news!"
"He asked me to bring her here so she could meet everyone.  He could not accompany her himself because he's very busy today.  He'll return home this evening, and would like to perform the wedding ceremony right away."
Another woman came out of the house, lifting up the hem of her dress so it did not drag in the grass.  Alona's mouth felt as dry as cracked leather, but she tried to speak anyway.  "It's nice to ? nice to meet you.  I'm sorry, but this is all happening very fast."
"Davrey?  Hanya?  What is the matter?" the other woman asked.  Her rich brown hair tumbled down her back in heavy curls, and her eyes were a crystalline blue, even bluer than the sky.
Davrey gave her the same information he had just passed to Hanya, and the woman let out a surprising squeak of joy.  She hurried up to Alona and took her hands.
"Congratulations!  Oh, my.  You are a lovely girl, aren't you?"
"Thank you," Alona breathed.
"Administrator Oalun won't be home until after supper," Davrey said, "so that should give you plenty of time to get acquainted and prepare the wedding."
"Of course!  What a surprise!"
Alona felt herself getting pulled away again.  It seemed that she had not taken a single step of her own volition since arriving in the city.  She just kept getting shuffled to one place after another without any idea where she was headed.  Davrey had already returned to the carriage, not even bothering to say goodbye.  Hanya and the other woman hustled Alona inside, chattering away, their voices clashing and overwhelming her.
"My name is Yalania," the older woman said.  "Oalun is my husband and I'm his third wife.  It's wonderful to meet you, Alona.  It's always nice to welcome new people into our family.  I'm sure that you will be very happy here."
"I'll go get Minsha and Evalene," Hanya said, darting through another doorway.
The interior of the house was wide open and sparsely furnished as far as Alona could tell, but she had never been inside a house like this before so she didn't really know.  There were a few low couches with fluffy pillows and some elaborately-carved wooden tables.  Sunlight poured in from the huge windows and reflected off the shiny floor tiles.  Alona couldn't help but look down to make sure she wasn't tracking any dirt inside, but Yalania didn't seem to pay attention to it.
"How old are you, Alona?"
"Sixteen."
"Goodness, so young, and you're so pretty."
She didn't know what to say, so she mumbled, "Thank you" again as she was ushered into another wide room that smelled like some kind of flowery perfume.  Shelves on the wall were lined with tied rolls of parchment and small sculptures, which reminded her of Oalun's private office.  The center of the room was dominated by something that looked like a triangular metal frame sitting atop a huge wooden table, but Alona had no idea what it was.
"Jasamina!" Yalania announced, "I would like to introduce you to Alona here."
The woman who stood up from behind the metal frame did not look at all like Alona had expected.  She assumed that a powerful man like Oalun would have been chosen beautiful woman as his wives, but Jasamina was not tall, thin, and attractive like Yalania was.  She was shorter than Alona, her chubby face creased with wrinkles and her fair hair tied into a bun.  
Her right eye was the color of milk, and her left eye showed only a shadow of a pupil underneath a film of white.  She walked forward slowly, holding out her pudgy hands in front of her, as if to maintain her balance.
"Why, hello.  It's very nice to meet you," she said in a strong but friendly voice, "You'll have to speak up, I'm afraid."
"Hello," Alona said.
"Ah, there you are," Jasamina replied, turning to face her.  Yalania took Alona's hand and held it out for Jasamina, who took hold of it.  She blinked her blind eyes and said, "I'm Jasamina, welcome to our home."
"My name is Alona, of family Gren.  I'm here because ? I mean, your husband asked me to marry him," she blurted out.
Jasamina's laugh was sweet and gentle, like a child's.  "So Oalun has chosen a new wife?  That's wonderful news, and I'm glad to hear it."
"I don't understand how you can all be so happy about it," Alona said.  "Where I come from, people can only get married to one person.  I thought that you would all be angry with me."
"Of course not, my dear," Jasamina said, patting her hand.  "I can tell that you're very frightened, but you don't have to worry.  Come, let us walk outside and get to know each other."
The yard out back was a well-manicured stretch of soft green grass, bordered by long rows of multicolored flowers, some of them standing tall with long stalks.  There were stone benches with large umbrellas to block the sun.  Yalania called for one of the servants to bring drinks, and helped lead Jasamina to one of the benches so she could sit down.
"Tell me a little about yourself, my dear," Jasamina said, looking out at nothing as she spoke.   She did not need to squint in the bright sunlight.  "You must be from the mountains.  What brought you here to our city?"
"How did you know where I was from?"
"Your voice, dear. I can tell by your accent."
"Oh," Alona muttered stupidly.  "Well, I was brought here ? I mean, I came here because ? Oh, I don't even know where to start."
Yalania sat back on the bench and placed her hands in her lap.  "Okay, well maybe we should tell you about ourselves first.  Maybe that way you won't be so nervous?"
"That's a lovely idea," Jasamina agreed.  
Alona nodded in agreement.  "Yes, I would like that."
There was just too much going on that she really didn't understand.  Even the concept of one man having multiple wives was too much for her to wrap her head around.  For now, she just had to assume that it would not be very different from being part of the harem, but instead of dozens of other women, there were just four.
She tried to define her new situation in terms that she could understand, to make it more familiar.  Jasamina was clearly the one in charge here, despite her disability, so that made her like the village elder.  She had the gentle bearing of a kindly grandmother, and Yalania treated her with the utmost respect, so Alona chose to do the same.
Two more women came outside to join them, and Yalania clapped her hands in delight.  "Wonderful, now everyone is here.  Alona, I would like to introduce you to Minsha and Evalene, they are our husband's wives as well."
Alona was already exhausted with meeting so many new people and learning so many new names, but she managed to smile and greet the other two women.  
Evalene had pale skin and long blonde hair that was almost pure yellow, and her eyes were a shockingly bright shade of green.  She looked about the same age as Yalania, mid-thirties or maybe older, and she came out dressed in a long-sleeved white gown, with gemstone rings on all of her fingers.  
Alona barely looked at her though.  The other woman, Minsha, could not have been more than a few years older than Alona was, and she had rich, dark brown skin, much darker than anyone Alona had seen in the city so far.  A heavy braid of black hair hung down her back.  She had a soft, round face with large golden eyes and full lips that were curved in a close-mouthed smile.  A simple blue blouse and skirt accentuated her dark skin, and Alona found herself staring briefly in amazement.  Minsha gave a short wave and folded her hands behind her back.  
"It is so nice to meet you," Evalene said in a breathy voice.  Her fingers felt cold when she touched Alona's arm.
She sat down on the opposite bench, and a moment later Minsha decided to sit down as well,  smoothing out her blue skirt with her hands.  Evalene took a tall glass of water from another servant who showed up out of nowhere and then scurried away again.  The ability of the servants to appear and disappear like that was distinctly unnerving, Alona thought.
"First of all," Yalania started, "I should tell you that Oalun is a very good man.  He's not cruel or jealous, like most men are.  He treats all of us kindly and equally and he even encourages us to develop our own interests and friendships.  You should be grateful, because that's not always the case.  Oalun doesn't treat us like property or servants, and he's a very kind and loving husband."
"Okay," Alona said, feeling that she had to respond, but she had no clue what to say.  She glanced back at Minsha and saw that the dark-skinned girl was staring back evenly, nodding her head a little in agreement.  Alona fidgeted and licked her lips, unable to keep from looking back at Minsha even as Yalania kept talking.
"Jasamina is his first wife and Evalene is his second.  I already told you I'm his third, and sweet Minsha is fourth.  That doesn't matter though.  He doesn't treat us differently.  As soon as you're wed, you'll be part of the family," Yalania said with a wide smile.
"It seems all very nice," Alona said.  "I really didn't expect this.  I don't really know what to think about all of it."
"It is not so hard to figure out," Yalania said with a little laugh.  "It is like any other marriage, except we have to share our husband.  Sometimes he'll spend the night with one of us, and the next night it will be someone else.  We all have our own private rooms for when we are left alone, but we can also sleep in the master bedroom if we choose.  It might seem a bit strange at first, but in time it will feel very natural."
"The boy who brought me here said some men have lots of wives.  He said that Oalun didn't marry any of you for political reasons, but I'm not sure what he meant by that."
"Well, sometimes high-ranking officials, the Administrators and Counselors and so on, want to form an alliance with one of the merchant families, or the wealthy noble houses, or even another powerful official.  So they arrange a marriage to make the alliance permanent, you see."
"I think so.  But you didn't marry Oalun for that reason?"
Yalania shook her head, a smile on her lips.  "No, nothing like that."
Minsha caught Alona's gaze and gave her another quick smile, her golden eyes flashing.  Alona smiled back and felt her face grow warm, as if she was blushing.  
Hanya arrived with several other servants, carrying silver trays of fresh fruit and bread and tall glasses of water and other beverages.  In all the excitement of the last few hours, Alona had almost forgotten how hungry she was.  She took a cluster of grapes and began to pop them into her mouth, glad to have something to do with her hands.  Jasamina nibbled on some grapes as well, while Yalania broke up a piece of bread and dipped it into a dish of butter as she talked.
"I could tell you a little bit about how we all met Oalun," Yalania suggested.  "Unless you want to tell her yourself, Jasamina."
"I'll do that, thank you," Jasamina replied.
As they all sat around eating, Jasamina told her story while Alona listened intently.  She had married Oalun before he ever became an Administrator, when they were both in their early twenties and Jasamina still had her vision.  Oalun worked for one of the regional governors living in her city, and they were introduced to each other during a formal dinner party.  Jasamina's blind eyes twinkled as she told Alona about it.
Alona could not help but wonder why a man like Oalun would choose to marry such different women.  And more than that, she wanted to ask Jasamina why she would give her blessing to such an arrangement, but was afraid to say anything that might offend her.  Jasamina seemed such a gentle soul, but there had to be a reason.
Evalene came into the picture not long after they had moved to Samorath, after Oalun was promoted to the position of Administrator.  Alona looked to Evalene for comment, but the quiet blonde woman merely smiled and let Jasamina and Yalania tell the story, although they gave few details.  There was more story than the one she was being told, but she realized she would have to ask later on if she wanted to learn it.
"I met Oalun a few years later," Yalania said, getting to the part of the story where she could talk about herself.  "My father manages a shipping company out of Navaristus, and he brought me to the Grand Palace with him for a big meeting with some prominent businessmen and local officials.  Well, Oalun was there as well, and that's how we met.  We were only staying in Samorath for a few days, and in that short time, Oalun asked me to marry him and I said yes," she said with a happy sigh, her face lighting up.  
"For awhile it was just the three of us," Jasamina added.  "And then sweet Minsha came into our lives.  It has been almost four years now, isn't that right, Minsha?"
"Yes," Minsha said softly, speaking for the first time.  Her voice was like silk.  Alona desperately wanted to know more about how Minsha had come to marry Oalun, but apparently that was another detail they were leaving out.  Minsha had nothing in common with the others, and Alona felt a curious desire to pull her aside and talk privately with her.  
Jasamina patted Alona's leg.  "I guess that makes you number five," she said with a chuckle.  "I know you'll be happy here.  To be honest, we've been urging Oalun to take another wife, but he claimed that there were no women he found interesting.  He must have seen something very special in you, to propose marriage on such short notice."
"I suppose so," Alona said.  She didn't say that the special thing he saw in her was nothing more than her physical beauty, but now she wondered if that was even true.
"So tell us a little about yourself," Yalania prodded her.  "You must have traveled a long way to come here.  What brought you to Samorath?  And how did you come to meet our husband?"
She sighed, trying to think of how to tell them the truth without it coming out wrong.  There was still a part of her that felt ashamed for wanting to join the harem, and she didn't want Jasamina or the others to think badly of her.  But she had no experience telling lies, and quickly decided that it didn't matter.  Surely, Oalun would tell them anyway, so she might as well just be out with it.
She told them about the soldiers who came to the village, and how their Captain offered her the chance to come to Samorath.  She explained how the King had turned her down, and Oalun had asked her to be his wife instead.  Although in her mind, it felt like such a complex tale, in reality it only took her minutes to tell the entire story.
In response, Yalania smiled again.  She didn't seem offended or taken aback by the story at all.  "My dear, the King must have been a fool not to take you.  I think you'll be much happier here then with the King anyway."
"I wish I knew why he wanted to marry me," Alona admitted.  "I was so surprised, I almost turned him down at first.  He barely knows me, and I don't really know him at all."
"Like Jasamina said, he saw something special in you."
"I can't imagine what it could be."
Jasamina pushed herself off the bench and stood up.  "Well, I think we should show Alona around the house and introduce her to some of the other servants.  And then we have to prepare for the wedding, of course!" she added with a giddy laugh.
"Yes," Yalania agreed.  "Unless you have any questions?"
Alona shrugged and stood up, looking around the yard.  She didn't know when Oalun was due to come home, or what the wedding preparations would be.  She supposed that she would be fitted for a dress, but she honestly didn't know.  Wedding traditions in Samorath were utterly alien to her, and she didn't know what to expect.
"There is one thing," she thought suddenly, remembering back to her short conversation with Davrey on the way there.  "I'm surprised that there are no children.  None of you have had any children with Oalun?"
Jasamina lowered her shoulders and let out a long sigh.  Both Evalene and Minsha looked away, and Yalania let her smile fade away.  It took her a moment to speak.
"No, I'm afraid that we have no children.  But it's not for lack of trying."
"We had a daughter," Jasamina whispered, looking up blindly into the sky.  "She lived for two days.  I was not able to conceive again after that."
Alona lifted her hand to her mouth.  "Oh, I'm so sorry.  I didn't mean to ..."
"It's okay," Yalania said quickly.  "We were going to tell you.  Physicians have promised Oalun many times that he's able to sire children, but none of us have ever become pregnant.  We've tried over and over again, but ..."  She waved her hand, unable to finish the sentence.
Now Alona understood why Jasamina was okay with Oalun taking new wives.  That was the reason.  If she was unable to get pregnant, perhaps another woman could give them children instead.
Jasamina looked in her direction and said, "Maybe now you can understand why we're so happy to see another woman join our family.  Oalun and I wanted to have many children, but the Mother had other plans for us.  I know it's a vain hope at this point, but perhaps the Mother will give you her blessing, and you will be the one who can carry Oalun's child."
Chapter Fifteen
Tetharos

Oskern grumbled sleepily to himself, awakened by knocking on his door.  He rubbed his face and pushed off the heavy blanket so he could sit up in bed.  Slivers of hazy light came through the window shutters, telling him that it was morning, at least.  But it felt far too early, and he had been awake late.  His eyes felt sticky so he rubbed at them, trying to wake himself up. 
The knocking continued.  "I'm awake," he said loudly.  "Just give me a minute."
"Hmm?" murmured the woman curled up beside him.  Oskern didn't remember her name.  It was Lora or Londa or something like that.  
He patted her rump and said, "Get up and get some clothes on."  He stood up and walked over to the chair by the window, where his trousers wound up after his hasty disrobing the night before. They were draped over the back of the chair with one leg turned inside out, and he sat down so he could pull them on.  
The woman squirmed her way out of bed, wavy curls of dark brown hair hanging down her back.  She had fat, round breasts and meaty thighs, just the way Oskern liked.  When she bent over to pick her skirt off the floor, Oskern leaned sideways to get a better look at the fuzzy gash between her legs.  She caught him looking and giggled like a little girl, covering her backside with her hand as she skipped back to the bed, her breasts bouncing with the motion.
"Maybe I'll see you again soon?" she asked hopefully.
"Of course you will," Oskern said with a slight smile as he fastened the button on his pants.  He stood up and looked around for his belt.  "You'll be seeing a lot of me."
"I saw a lot of you last night," she giggled.
Oskern spied his belt sitting on the floor, next to his undershirt and jacket, which lay in a pile by the door.  The woman slipped a tunic over her head and straightened her skirt so she looked presentable.  "By the way, honey, my name is Lorina."
"I knew that," Oskern said.
"Sure you did," she giggled again.
There was another knock on the door, more persistent this time.  Oskern snatched his belt off the floor and then grabbed the door handle.
"Damn it, Horunus, I said I was awake," he snapped, yanking the door open.
Sergeant Shianne stood in the hallway.  Oskern frowned and bit back an angry comment, clearing his throat instead and standing up a bit straighter.  "Yes, Sergeant, can I help you with something?"
"I know it's early, Commander," Shianne said, looking at him evenly, ignoring the fact that he was shirtless and barefoot.  "But our lookout spotted a ship.  It's not one of ours, sir.  I thought you should know."
"Yes, thank you.  I'll be up shortly."
"Yes, sir."
Oskern closed the door and sighed to himself.  After two weeks, Shianne still refused to call him by his first name.  She was an icy one, he had to give her that.  Maybe if he played his cards right and spent the next five years doing his job perfectly, she might give him some grudging respect.  But he doubted it.  So far, even Horunus had not managed to crack Shianne's harsh exterior, and normally he could make any woman melt within a few minutes.  If she was immune to Horunus' charm, then Oskern didn't have a chance.
"Come and see me when you have time, lover," Lorina said, giving him a peck on the cheek.  She scooped up her shoes and overshirt and left him to finish getting dressed.  He returned to the chair to pull on his boots and then donned a plain, black wool jacket.  For now, he remained unarmed, choosing to leave his sword in the bedroom.
He ran a hand through his messy hair and followed Lorina out.  He stopped by the privy first to drain his bladder, and then stopped by the kitchen to grab a mug of tea and a handful of bread to serve as breakfast.  The weather outside was cool and brisk, but by midmorning it would warm right up.  After spending so many weeks trudging through the snowy mountains, Oskern was more than happy with the warmer weather here on the coast.  He nodded to the soldiers he passed on the way through the yard and then went up the steps to the top of the wall, where Shianne was waiting for him.
"Commander," she said stiffly, looking out towards the sea, the breeze ruffling her bright red hair.  Her slim face, with well-defined cheek bones and pert nose, looked quite lovely in the early morning sunlight.  Oskern ignored it though.  Beautiful she might be, but Shianne was harsh and humorless on a good day.  Oskern's father once told him, "A happy hag makes a better wife than a beautiful bitch," and he considered them words to live by.
The fort lookout was stationed up on a narrow tower accessible by rope ladder.  This morning a young man named Ederane was on duty, and he climbed down to meet them.
"It's still out there," he said, handing Oskern a long telescope glass.  "Almost out of sight now, it's just a speck on the horizon."
He looked through the glass but couldn't find the ship.  "I need more practice using this thing," he said, handing it back to Ederane.  "I can't hold it steady enough to get a good look at anything."
"It takes some practice," Ederane said.
"How long was the ship out there?"
"Since before sunrise."
"You think it got close during the night and was on its way back out to sea when you caught sight of it?"
"Seems that way, sir."
Oskern leaned against the wall and looked out.  "Could you tell if it was from Tetharos?"
"Not quite, but it probably was.  The rogue ships from the Spike are pretty crude vessels, but this was a good sailing ship.  Tetharos would be my guess."
"Well," Oskern shrugged.  "Those are the only two options, unless there's someone else out there that we don't know about yet."
"It might have reached the shore," Shianne said.  "Maybe dropped some men off."
"Possible, but I don't think so.  It doesn't seem worth the trouble to sail all the way here just to drop off a few men and abandon them on our beach."
"Maybe they intend to come back and pick them up again later."
"How often do you see ships from Tetharos?"
Ederane answered, "Every few weeks we catch sight of a ship that we can't identify.  Some of them might be fishermen from up the coast, or maybe merchant ships."
Oskern took a bite of his bread and then sipped his tea, thinking about it. "Not much reason for merchant ships to be sailing up this way.  And even I can tell the difference between a warship and a fishing boat.  Let's assume they're all from Tetharos.  What does that tell you?"
"They're scouting the shoreline," Shianne said.  "Testing our defenses."
"None of our beach patrols have ever turned up evidence that anyone came ashore during the night?"
"No, sir.  But that doesn't mean it can't happen.  All they'd have to do is sweep over their tracks in the sand and we'd never know they were there."
"Would it be possible to double our nightly patrols?  I know we're short of men right now."
Shianne nodded.  "Sure, I think we can manage that."
"Do it.  And send a runner down to Bakk to tell Captain Edrigo.  Let him know what's going on, tell him to keep a look out for anything out of the ordinary."
"Yes, sir."
Once again, Oskern's thoughts wandered back to the sudden expansion of the Grand Army and the huge influx of men he was going to receive in just a few months.  Had the King received some secret information about an attack or invasion from Tetharos?  Was that the reason he was building up the army so much?  Were these mysterious ships scouting parties from Tetharos?  
He wished he had more time to study the lookout reports from the previous year.  Maybe there was a pattern he could discern if he checked out all the old reports, but he barely had enough time to keep track of current events.  Tetharosan ships hiding just across the horizon were just one more thing to occupy his thoughts.
"Are you off duty now, Ederane?"
"Yes, sir."
"Go get some sleep, then.  You did good work tonight."
"Thank you, sir."
Ederane hurried off, but Oskern stayed atop the wall, munching on his breakfast.  Shianne crossed her arms over her chest and sighed.  "Captain Larando usually disregarded these kinds of sightings.  He asked me to stop even notifying him.  He said they weren't important."
"Larando was in charge here for a long time," Oskern said.  "He probably got reports like this every month for nine years.  I can see how it would be easy to disregard them when they happen so often.  But I just got here, Shianne.  I'm taking everything seriously."
"Yes, sir."
"And I have other reasons for being concerned," he added.  He set his empty cup down and brushed crumbs from the front of his shirt.  "On the way here, we found something.  I told Commander Larando about it before he left, but other than that, just me and my men know."
"You found something?"
"Yes.  We found the remains of a village in the mountains," he said, staring out to sea.  "The inhabitants were all dead.  Murdered.  We found two bodies tied to stakes.  It looked to me like they'd been burned alive."
For the first time, Shianne's carefully-crafted mask of indifference slipped away.  Her crystal blue eyes bugged out in shock and her hand went involuntarily to cover her mouth.  "How many ??" she whispered.
"We didn't count them.  Forty, fifty, more than that.  They'd been dead for way too long for us to tell what actually happened.  I had my men scour the forest but we didn't find anything.  No evidence of any survivors, or any trace of who had done it."
"Mother preserve me."
Oskern nodded.  "May the Mother and Father preserve us all."
"But who could do something like that?"
Oskern let the question hang.  The answer was not a good one.  "How much do you know about the people from Tetharos, Shianne?"
"Nothing really.  I've heard they paint their faces with strange designs.  And I know they don't pray to the Mother and Father."
"They don't paint their faces, they tattoo them.  I read some reports before I left Samorath.  If even half of the information we have about them is correct, the Tetharosans are a violent, dangerous race of people.  We've heard rumors that they worship some kind of fire god, or maybe there's more than one god.  I don't know how to explain it.  But one of the reports said that they perform rituals where they burn animals alive as an offering to their god."
Shianne looked away.  "I think I'm going to be sick."
"If they burn animals alive, maybe they burn people alive too."
"That's inhuman.  I can't believe something like that," she said, shaking her head.  Taking a deep breath, she composed herself and her serious expression returned.  Once again, Shianne was all business.  "Do you think it's possible that someone from Tetharos could be responsible for what you saw in that village?"
"I don't know.  That village was almost two weeks from here.  I don't think anyone from Tetharos could travel that far toward the mountains without being noticed."
"Then who?"
"Raiders from the Spike would be my guess.  They make forays into Kavas pretty regularly, even that far south.  What I can't figure is why.  They might be uncivilized scum, but they don't burn people alive."
"Who knows what they're capable of?"
It was Oskern's turn to shake his head.  "I don't like this at all.  Tetharosan ships scouting our shores, people getting burned alive, this sudden military build-up.  Something is happening, that's for damn sure."
Oskern went down into the village to do his regular morning inspection.  In the confusion and disorganization of Commander Larando's departure from the fort, and the coming influx of so many new people, there was a lot of work to be done.  Oskern made sure that he set goals and put pressure on the workers to get the fort in perfect running shape in the shortest time possible.  He wanted supplies inventoried, storage rooms cleaned, guard schedules finalized, armor and weapons repaired, and the overall management of the fort's daily business streamlined and prioritized.  Mainly, he wanted everyone to know from the start that he was fully in charge and wasn't going to let anything escape his notice.  So he inspected the whole fort, yelled at stable boys to get the stalls cleaned, checked out the blacksmith forges to make sure work was getting done, made sure none of the guards were trying to catch a nap while on duty, and made sure everything was as it should be.
Like clockwork, Edrigo arrived at the beach early in the morning with his entire group of trainees gasping and panting for breath along with him.  Oskern walked out onto the sand to greet the newly-promoted Captain and look at how his recruits were faring.
"Captain Edrigo," he said.  "Good morning."
"Morning to you too, Commander," Edrigo said.  The man was like a wall of muscle, and Oskern could only wish that all soldiers in the Grand Army were granted with such good genes.  Edrigo had the kind of physique that was made for wearing armor and brandishing a sword.
"You received my message this morning?"
"Yes, I did.  I'll inform my men to take extra care when patrolling the beach."
"Good.  How are the new boys doing so far?"
"Not bad for a bunch of cowards and weaklings," Edrigo grunted.  "But yesterday I had to cut two of them loose."
"That's unfortunate," Oskern said as he looked out across the men.  "You'll find other work for them in the village, I hope.  We have need of workers too."
"They'll make themselves useful.  Thank you for getting the construction plans to me so quickly.  I know how busy you are.  By the end of the week I hope to have the work started on the expansion to the wall."
"Good, keep me informed.  Have any of these men proven themselves to be capable so far?  Are any of them possible officer material?  You know we'll need more squad leaders once the rest of the new recruits get here."
"There are a few men that might do well," Edrigo said.  "Give me another couple weeks to make that decision."
"Of course.  The next group of recruits will be here before we know it.  Do you think you'll be satisfied with their training by then?"
"Will you be satisfied with them?  That's the question.  But I think I'll be able to weed out the weak ones and get the rest into decent shape in another two months."
"Good to hear it," Oskern said.  "Keep me informed, Captain."
"Of course, Commander."
Oskern returned to the fort as Edrigo began verbally harassing the recruits to get them up and moving.  Silently, Oskern thanked the Father that he had not been trained by a man as domineering as Edrigo.  He admired the man's methods as a commanding officer, but he was sure the trainees hated Edrigo's guts, and with good reason.
He spent the rest of the morning going through all the recent reports and messages from Samorath, including a new letter from Administrator Oalun congratulating him on a successful mission through the mountains and for his recent promotion to Commander.
Oalun was a tricky one.  Oskern liked the Administrator well enough, which was strong praise considering how much he hated politicians to begin with.  Oalun seemed less arrogant than most, and more likely to actually listen to advice.  Oskern appreciated the fact that the Administrator trusted him to do his job without too much oversight.  Some Administrators believed they knew how to command an army better than the actual Commanders.
There was no mention in the letter about the girl Oskern had sent to him.  Dashelus already told him that she hadn't been chosen to join the harem, but he was vaguely curious about what had happened to her.  A good soldier lost his life bringing her to the capital, so he hoped she didn't squander the opportunity.  He sincerely hoped she hadn't wound up in some whorehouse in Sweet Harbor.  She was far too pretty for that.
As he walked back out into the fort later that afternoon, Horunus met him at the gate.  "Afternoon.  I hope you got some sleep last night."
"You know me," Oskern grunted.  "I slept like a baby."
"What was her name?  Lorisa or something like that?"
"Lorina, I think.  She told me before I kicked her out of bed."
"You're a real charmer, that's for sure."
"I noticed you went to bed alone last night," Oskern said sarcastically.  "That's certainly unusual for you."
"Even I need to take a night off every now and then," Horunus shrugged.  "I need to build up some strength for when I finally get Shianne into the sack."
"Good luck with that.  And maybe they'll make me King."
They headed out into the village, saluting the guards on duty at the inner gate.  The cooks and servants were just beginning to clean up after lunch.  
Up on the wall, Oskern noticed that Dashelus was currently on duty.  After a shaky few days, Oskern was relieved to see that he had gotten over the Konry's death and was back to his normal self.  As Oskern promised, they held a special meeting in Konry's memory and honored him a few days before, and that helped Dashelus get over his depression.  Dash was a good soldier and Oskern was confident he would move on.  
"Speaking of Sergeant Shianne," Oskern said, more seriously.  "I told her about that village we found.  It's come to my attention that warships from Tetharos get spotted along the coast pretty regularly.  They saw one just this morning."
"Really?  You think the two are connected?"
"Probably not.  But I told her to double patrols along the beach during the night.  There's the possibility that those ships might be dropping people off and sneaking past our patrols.  I want you to make sure the patrols are going smoothly.  Anything out of the ordinary, I want to be made aware of it."
"I'll take care of it."
"I think the High General knows something, or the King knows something.  There's got to be a reason for all this sudden activity."
Horunus nodded.  "I think you're right.  I don't like it though."
"We don't have to like it," Oskern said.  "We just have to hope they know what they're doing, and that we have these new men trained in time to face whoever it is they think we'll be fighting against."
Chapter Sixteen
Minsha

There turned out to be more servants in the house than wives, and Alona was astounded at how many of them were employed there.  The head servant was a stick-like man named Fostrus who greeted Alona with a stiff bow.  The young girl Hanya, who Alona had first thought was another wife, turned out to be one of Jasamina's personal servants.  Each of Oalun's wives had their own personal servants, in addition to all the others.  Alona didn't know how one household could possibly require so many workers.  How could there be so much to do that they needed twenty servants?
"So you have these people doing all the work?" she asked.  "They do all the cooking and cleaning?"
"Of course," Yalania said.  "We don't have to cook our own meals or anything like that.  All the wealthy families have servants to do all of that for them."
"So what do you do all day?"
Jasamina let out a throaty laugh.  "We spend our time enriching our lives, Alona.  We all have hobbies and interests.  Don't you have hobbies?"
"I don't know.  Not really, I guess," she admitted, feeling silly for doing so.  Back in Oakenfal there wasn't much time for leisure activities or hobbies, since they were usually too busy keeping themselves sheltered and fed.  "We used to sing songs around the fire at night.  And I like to look at the stars."
"Oh, you like astronomy?" 
"I don't know what that means."
"Looking at the stars, dear," Jasamina said, holding onto her arm as they walked through the house.  "It's called astronomy.  I think it's a fascinating thing for people to study.  Alas, it's not a hobby I can take part in anymore."
They showed her the main sitting room and family rooms, with long sofas and couches, and low tables covered in flower vases.  Oalun's home office and the library were both lined with shelves stacked with rolled parchment and more books.  She wondered what was written on all those pages, and if maybe they could teach her to read someday.  She didn't think anyone back in her home village knew how to read, except maybe old man Wolner.  There was no reason to learn how, since they didn't have anything written down anyway.  But here in Samorath, she realized that most people could probably read.
The back of the house had two rooms that Yalania called sun rooms, and they both had large windows facing the garden.  Near the windows, a pair of square white boards were propped up on wooden stands.  Alona walked in front of them and was amazed to see that they were paintings of the bright flowers outside.  Trays on a nearby table held bits of paint in all colors.
"These are Evalene's paintings," Yalania explained.
Alona reached out to feel the surface.  "That's incredible."
"Please don't touch them," Evalene spoke up from the doorway.  "The paint is still wet."
"Oh, sorry!"  Alona pulled her hand back and glanced at her fingers to make sure she didn't smear anything.  "I've never seen paintings like this before."
The thin blonde woman came up and ran her hand along the edge of the table where the paints were sitting.  "Do they paint things like this where you're from?"
"Sometimes we paint, but not like this.  We don't have so many colors, so we usually just draw pictures on hides."
Evalene let out a sad smile and looked at her paintings.  "This is what I do in my free time.  I like to paint and draw.  I have lots of paintings like this if you want to see them."
"I would love that."
As they continued the tour through the house, Evalene kindly welcomed Alona to the family once more and then stayed behind in the sun room to keep working on her painting.  Minsha also said that she had something to finish up and promised to return soon.  Jasamina held onto Alona's arm as they walked down a hallway crossing the middle of the house, with Yalania leading the way.
Around the other side of the house was the kitchen and dining area.  A huge round table took up most of the space.  The kitchen was enormous as well, easily bigger than the house Alona grew up in.  They had different kinds of flour, all sorts of spices, bricks of cheese, and racks of dried and salted meat.  There was practically enough food there to feed her entire village.
"We'll have to figure out what to have for dinner," Yalania said.  "If we're having the wedding tonight, it must be something special.  What do you think, Alona?"
She could only shake her head.  "I don't have any idea.  What do you normally have?"
"Oalun likes roast chicken or fish.  Maybe we could have both."
"I've never eaten chicken before.  That's a bird, right?"
Yalania clapped her hands gleefully.  "Oh, that settles it, then!  We'll have some roast chicken with gravy and some of Shenna's wonderful baked biscuits!  And we can do some vegetables in butter as well, that sounds perfect!"
Jasamina agreed and said, "You go ahead and handle the menu, dear.  I'll show Alona around the rest of the house."
"Yes, that's good.  I'll talk to you again soon, Alona.  Right now there is so much to do!  We could have a cake for dessert!"  Yalania hurried back into the kitchen and started listing everything they would need, while Jasamina laughed amusedly and took Alona's arm.
"We all have our hobbies," she said as they walked across the living room.  "Evalene paints, and Yalania entertains.  She loves having people over and planning parties, she lives for it.  She'll probably spend the rest of the day preparing the wedding."
"She's very friendly," Alona replied.  "I mean, you all are, of course.  But I can tell that she likes to take charge of things."
"Oh, yes.  Yalania is a sweetheart and I love her dearly, but she does enjoy being the center of attention a bit too much."
They returned back to the room where she had first met Jasamina.  There was a step down into the room, and Alona was about to warn her of it, but Jasamina touched the door frame and then stepped down without a problem.  She let go of Alona's arm and then walked over to the large metal frame that dominated the room, holding out her hand until she reached it.  She seemed to know exactly where it was, and Alona walked out after her.
"You must know where everything is," she realized out loud.  "You don't need anyone to help you around the house, do you?"
"I can get around just fine, dear.  Thank you for noticing."
"Are you ??  I mean, can you see anything at all?"
"No, just dark shadows," Jasamina sighed, sliding her hand across the metal object as she walked around to the other side.  "I caught the gray fever when Oalun and I first moved here.  It's not fatal, but it almost always ends in blindness.  I started losing my vision right around the time Oalun took Evalene as his wife.  Evalene was actually hired here as one of our first servants, and she became Oalun's wife soon after."
"Oh, you didn't tell me that."
"Well, it's not something we usually talk about.  Evalene has always been somewhat sensitive about it."  Jasamina took a seat on a wooden bench and waved for Alona to come closer.  "Do not misunderstand, dear.  We do all get along with each other, but no family is perfect.  You seem like a smart girl, so you'll figure it out on your own, I suspect.  But I might as well tell you that Evalene married Oalun in the hopes she could have his children.  She was from a poor family, and she thought she could replace me as Oalun's wife if she was able to bear children, when I could not."
Jasamina shook her head slowly.  "Unfortunately for her, that did not come to pass.  Ever since then, Evalene has been somewhat unhappy, but she hides it well.  She thinks that I resent her."
"I'm sorry to hear all that," Alona said, not knowing how else to respond.  "Do you?  Resent her, I mean?"
"Oh, of course not.  I wanted children as badly as Oalun, and I would be thrilled if Evalene could have given them to us.  But she couldn't get pregnant either, and then it was only a few years later that Oalun brought Yalania into our family.  And dear Yalania is such a ray of sunshine, she's always so positive and outgoing.  Evalene's been in her shadow ever since."
Jasamina sighed and then patted the bench beside her.  "Come and sit down.  I hope you don't mind me telling you all about this.  I don't believe in keeping secrets, and you might as well know the truth about everything, since you're part of our family now."
Alona sat down and put her hands in her lap.  She wanted to change the subject to something less complicated and personal.  "So what is this thing, anyway?" she asked, touching the edge of the  triangular metal object on the table.  There was a row of wooden pegs sticking out of holes on this side of the frame, and now that she was seated close to it, she could see a bunch of strings lined up inside the frame, partially covered by the wooden lid.
"You don't know what this is?  It's a musical instrument called a piano.  I guess they don't have them up in the mountains, do they?"
"No, I've never heard of one.  How does it work?"
"Go ahead and push on one of those keys."
"These pegs, you mean?"  Alona set her finger down on one and tapped it.  Suddenly, there was a ring of metal from inside the frame, and she flinched in surprise.
Jasamina laughed and set her hands down above the pegs.  She pressed a few of them in order, and the instrument let out a pleasing series of loud notes.  Alona looked closer and saw that each peg was attached to a tiny metal hammer inside the frame, and when the peg was pressed, the hammer would strike one of the strings, which were also made of metal, and it would let out a different note because the strings were different lengths.
"That's amazing," she said.  "It's like a huge metal lute.  Pressing the pegs is like plucking the strings and you can make music that way."
"Yes, something like that," Jasamina chuckled.  "The pegs are called keys, though.  I played the violin when I was younger, and now I love to play the piano.  I've always loved music.  How about you?"
"I can't play any instruments, but in the village we all used to sing songs at night.  That was a lot of fun.  It's one of the only things I'll really miss about leaving."
Jasamina's fingers swept across the keys, each hand seeming to move independent of the other to create two separate rhythms that combined into one beautiful song.  She held her head high, not even trying to look down at her hands, her head swaying back and forth as she played.  The ringing notes echoed in the room and filled the entire house with music.
"Maybe you could sing a song for me next time," Jasamina said as she lowered her hands, the final notes of her song fading away.
"That was really beautiful.  Did you make it up as you went along?"
"No, that's a song I taught myself to play.  Someone else wrote it."
"And you can play it even without seeing your hands?"
"Yes, I've had lots of practice.  I would love to teach you, if you're interested."
"I'll have to think about it," Alona said.  "There's still so many things I don't know about what life is like here in Samorath.  Everything here is new to me.  It will take me awhile to get used to living here."
"I understand, dear.  You should talk to Minsha about that.  It was very difficult for her as well when she first came here."
"Where is she originally from?"
"Somewhere far from here, even farther away than where you're from.  I think Minsha should tell you her story herself, though.  It's somewhat complicated."
"Jasamina," came a voice from the doorway, and Alona looked up to see that Minsha was standing there, leaning against the door.  "Are you talking about me?" she said with a peculiar smile on her face.  When she spoke, each word was like a separate sentence, her voice giving each word special emphasis.  There was a strange pattern to her speech that Alona could not place.
"Yes, I was," Jasamina said.  "I was just telling Alona to speak to you about what it was like when you first came to Samorath.  She's new here as well, so maybe you can help her out?"
"Okay," Minsha said.  She walked into the room hesitantly, as if seeking permission first.  Her feet were bare and they swept silently across the hard wood floor.  Her blue skirt swished around her muscular thighs, and Alona's eyes glanced down at them involuntarily.  She felt her heart suddenly beat faster when Minsha came up beside the piano.
"We can go back out into the garden, if that is okay," Minsha said.
Alona nodded.  "Yes, that's fine with me."
Jasamina got up and said, "That's a wonderful idea.  You two go out and get to know each other.  I have a feeling you both have a lot in common."
"What will you do?" Minsha asked.
"I'm going to check on Yalania to make sure she doesn't go crazy with all different kinds of dessert like she did last time.  And then we have to pick out a wedding dress for you," she said, patting Alona's hand.  "Yalania and Evalene can help me with that.  I'm sure we can alter one of Yalania's dresses to fit you just fine."
"Okay," Alona agreed, remaining seated.
Jasamina walked over to Minsha and gave the young woman a kiss on the cheek.  "We'll take care of everything.  Just come on in when you're done and we'll start getting ready for when Oalun comes home tonight."
After Jasamina had left the room, Minsha said, "She is like a mother to us."
"Yes, I get that feeling about her.  It still seems so strange to me that I'm marrying someone who is already married and has other wives.  I don't think I'm ready for this."
"Neither was I," Minsha said, looking down at her with a smirk in her golden eyes.  "Come.  Let us go outside and I will tell you what you would like to know."
She led Alona out into the garden and they walked through the rows of flowering plants to the rear brick wall at the end of the property.  Hidden from view of the house was an arched lattice dome held up by four thin supports.  The sun shone through the lattice and made a complex design of shadows on the floor.  Low stone benches were arranged in a circle.  Minsha slid her bare feet through the grass with a sigh and stepped onto the cool tile floor of the dome.
One of the servants, a young boy, trailed after them.  "My Lady Minsha, do you require anything?"
"No, Tomis.  We will call for you."
"Yes, my Lady."
Alona sat down and curled her booted feet underneath the bench.  She absently brushed some hair behind her ear and watched as Minsha sat down on the opposite bench.  "So where are you from?  I've never seen anyone with skin as dark as yours."
Minsha looked at her with her golden eyes.  "I thought Jasamina told you.  I am from a place called Kredsna Kosh.  It is in Gris, very far to the south of here.  It is not really part of this empire at all, it is in Darvosia."
"I've heard of Darvosia," Alona said, leaning forward.  "The soldiers that brought me here told me about it.  But I didn't think anyone from Darvosia ever traveled to our land."
"Sometimes traders and explorers come through the desert," Minsha said.  "Or they take a ship across the Toshelassa.  That is our name for the sea between Darvosia and Arvia."
"Is that how you came here?"
"Yes, I came by ship."
"How did you meet Oalun?"
"That is a long story," Minsha said with a forced smile.  She moved her foot across the floor, watching as it went through the array of shadows.  "I am very grateful to Oalun for what he has done for me.  He is a good man.  Yalania told you the truth about that.  Oalun is honorable and takes very good care of us.  But there are some other things about him."
"Like what?"
"Oalun has many secrets, and he is not always truthful," Minsha said quietly.  "And to be honest, he is rarely at home.  He spends all day at the Grand Palace with the King, and comes home late at night, sometimes after we have already gone to bed.  He is almost never home in time for supper.  He is kind, but he is also very distant.  I think it is the stress of his job that makes him that way.  But he never lets his real feelings show.  I have been here four years, and I feel like I still do not really know him that well.  He is mysterious sometimes."
She reached out and  plucked a small flower from edge of the garden.  Twisting the stem in her hand, she made the flower spin like a wheel.  "I will tell you something else, too.  I believe that Jasamina is the only one that Oalun truly loves.  Jasamina is his only real wife.  At most, he is friends with the rest of us.  Jasamina is the one he truly cares about.  He spends most evenings with her."
Her eyes came up and met Alona's rapt gaze.  Alona became aware she was holding her breath, so she let it out and sat up, looking around the garden as she thought of something to say.  "Maybe it's a good thing that he loves Jasamina the best.  I don't think it's right for people to be married more than once.  Maybe Oalun feels the same way."
"But can you live with a man as his wife, when you know he does not love you?" Minsha said intensely, leaning forward.  She twisted the flower in her fingers until it popped off and fell to the floor.  "Evalene is not happy here.  Maybe you could tell when you met her.  She is like you, she thinks a man should only have one wife."
"What about you?" Alona asked, grasping her hands together.  "What do you think?"
"I do not know," Minsha said with a careless shrug.  "Where I come from, it is not the same as here.  I did not understand what it meant to be married when Oalun made me his wife.  I could not even speak your language very well.  I thought Oalun was just taking me as his property."
"What do you mean?"
"I thought Oalun bought me.  I thought he was my owner."
Alona shook her head in confusion.  "Bought you?  What are you talking about?  You can't buy a person.  I don't understand."
"Kredsna Kosh is a slave town," Minsha said suddenly, her face flashing the briefest hint of anger before it became calm again.  "There are no free people there.  Everyone is a slave."
"What?" Alona asked, bewildered.  "How can a person be a slave?  I don't know how that's even possible."  She shook her head, again dismissing the idea from her mind like some foul piece of trash she had to throw away.  Just the thought of what Minsha was saying left a bad taste in her mouth.  
"No one is a slave here," Alona insisted.  "I know people work as servants, but that's different.  Nobody can be a slave."
"No one in Arvia is a slave," Minsha said, her voice slightly mocking, but the look on her face was very serious.  "To you, such a thing is unthinkable.  But the Darvosh take slaves from Gris all the time.  Slaves work the mines night and day.  Slaves work the fields all over Darvosia."
"And you ? you were a slave?"
"Yes.  I was slave from the moment I was born.  They took me from my parents when I was thirteen years old.  I was sold to a trader who took a ship twice a year to a place called Hardora in Ronelis, where he traded gems and fabrics to merchants in Arvia."
Alona did not want to believe it.  She had not even known a place like Darvosia existed until Dashelus and Konry had told her about it.  She closed her eyes, trying not to imagine what a place like that must be like, where people were bought and sold.  When she opened her eyes, she found Minsha staring passively back at her.  She wished she had never asked Minsha to tell her about her life.
"So this trader, he ? he owned you," she said, trying to comprehend something so terrible.  "Then how did you come to Samorath?  He brought you here?"
Minsha nodded, taking a deep breath.  The memories seemed to be flashing across her eyes, and Alona desperately wanted to jump across to the other bench and put her arms around Minsha to comfort her.  But she felt paralyzed and frozen to the spot.
"He brought a team of wagons all the way here from Hardora.  He thought he could make more money if he sold directly to the wealthy people here in the capital.  But no one wanted to buy from him.  The Darvosh are not trusted, you see.  He had to pack everything and return.  I do not know how much money he lost.  But he tried to sell me to a place with whores."
"He tried to sell you?  There are no slaves here, though."
A slow, fiendish grimace crept over Minsha's face.  "Yes, I know.  But he was a fool.  He thought people here just kept their slaves hidden.  He assumed that whores were slaves, since all whores in Darvosia are slaves.  That is what I was to him, just a whore.  I was his pleasure girl, but he wanted to get rid of me to make some money for the trip back to Darvosia."
The words were like ice in Alona's heart.  She wanted to break down and cry.  Of course the man who owned Minsha kept her for his pleasure, there was no other reason, but Alona had prayed silently that it wasn't true, that Minsha only worked cleaning his clothes or cooking meals.  When Minsha said the words so emotionlessly, it made it even worse.  It was like she didn't even care.
"I'm so sorry, Minsha," Alona said helplessly.  "I don't know how anyone could live like that."
"It was the only life I knew.  I cannot explain it."
"What happened when he tried to sell you?"
"The people in the street attacked him.  When the owner of the whorehouse realized that I was a slave, he called for help.  The city guards came and they took me away and forced the trader out of the city.  I did not even understand what was going on at the time."
"Mother preserve me," Alona whispered.
"No one knew what to do with me," Minsha continued.  "I could not communicate and I did not know anything about what life was like here.  I had no money or any possessions, just the dirty dress I was wearing.  So the city guards took me to the Grand Palace to figure out what to do.  Oalun found out about me, I do not remember how, and he brought me here and married me."
"That's incredible.  Did he tell you why?"
"Because I was helpless, he said.  He felt sorry for me and simply wanted to help.  But he did not have to marry me to do that.  I think he had other reasons."
"Like what?"
Minsha smirked again and said, "Maybe he wanted to impress the King.  Maybe he thought marrying a homeless slave girl would gain him respect for doing such a selfless thing.  I do not know.  Maybe he simply wanted to try to have children again.  As I said, I am very grateful to Oalun for everything he has done for me.  He gave me a life that I never even dreamed of."
Alona wondered how much of Minsha's story mirrored her own.  Had Oalun viewed her the same way he viewed Minsha, as a lost, homeless girl who needed his help?  Is that the real reason he had asked her to marry him?  She didn't think so.  The greedy, lustful look in his eyes when she had disrobed for him was real enough.  Maybe Oalun felt sorry for her, but he also desired her, that much was obvious.
"I think Jasamina was right," she said.  "You and me do have a lot in common."
Chapter Seventeen
Scouting

"Defend!" Edrigo called out.
The group of soldiers spread out across the beach took a step back, digging their sandaled feet into the sand, and held their swords crosswise in front of their battered metal shields.  Edrigo stood at the top of the village wall, looking down critically at them.
Sweat ran in rivulets down Jasson's back.  His skin was tanned from the weeks working in the hot sun all day, and he had trimmed his hair short.  All the soldiers  - truly soldiers now, no longer simply recruits - stood ten feet apart from each other to prevent anyone from getting inadvertently hit with a sword.
"Left!" Edrigo boomed.
Everyone immediately slashed their blades downward to the left, blocking a thrust from an invisible opponent.  They instantly brought their sword back up to return to the defensive stance, and Edrigo barked out more commands.
"Left!  Down!  Right!" he called out, and the soldiers all moved in time with his orders.  With each move, they grunted in unison, their voices rising like a chant.  They slashed their blades down, and then clanged them against the front of the shield when they returned to the defensive posture, like a hammer striking a gong.  Their movements were like a peculiar dance without music, Edrigo calling out a rhythm like a slave-master banging on a drum to keep galley slaves moving the oars of a huge ship.
"Attack!" Edrigo ordered.
The soldiers quickly shifted their stance and stepped forward with a lunging motion, stabbing their swords in front of them.  Jasson envisioned an armed enemy standing there, moving along with Edrigo's commands.  They kicked up sand as they moved forward, each attack called out by their Captain.  "Down!  Left!  Left!  Right!" Jasson's arm moved independently of his mind, moving on impulse.  The dull blade cut through the air over and over again, the handle growing damp with sweat.  
All the while, Edrigo watched his soldiers go through the motions, keeping a close eye out for anyone falling behind or not living up to his high standards.  There were few enough of those now.
After nine weeks of intensive training, the weakest members of their training class had already quit or been dismissed.  So far at least three dozen men had washed out of the program for a variety of reasons.  They couldn't handle the discipline, they weren't able to keep up with the physical demands, or they had other attitude problems.  Old man Dobrill had bitterly given up, simply unable to keep pace with the rest of them, and Stodden had disobeyed Edrigo's orders one too many time and got himself forcefully dismissed.
Surprisingly, at least to Jasson, the men who could not work as soldiers were not kicked completely out of the village.  It turned out there was a lot of work to be done, and Edrigo needed strong bodies to cut down trees, build new houses and boats, and expand the farms on the south side of the river.  In preparation for the arrival of new soldiers and recruits in another few weeks, they needed more food, more clothing, more supplies, and more buildings to house everyone.  So Dobrill, Stodden, and all the other ones who were not cut out to be soldiers became laborers instead.  They cut lumber, unloaded boats, helped in the blacksmith forges to make armor and weapons, and all the while they looked enviously at the soldiers, wishing they could join them.
"Defend!  Down! Right!  Down!  Up!  Left!"
With each movement, Jasson felt like his body grew stronger.  In nine weeks, he had lost most of the fat on his body and replaced it with muscle.  He wasn't as big and strong as someone like Edrigo, of course, but he felt like a completely new person, and liked to imagine that his family would not even recognize him if they saw him.  He had been transformed from an average young man into a lean, muscular warrior, and he knew that it was still just the beginning.  In another few years of service in the Grand Army, he might just grow to match Edrigo's powerful physique.
Nellan was a few spaces down the line of soldiers, his face red with exertion.  Like Jasson, he was leaner now, having lost the extra pounds he carried.  When they had first arrived in Bakk, Nellan could barely finish the daily run back and forth along the beach, but now he kept up with Jasson the entire time, just like everyone else.  There were no stragglers now, and Edrigo barely had to yell at them at all during the run.
"Attack!  Left!  Right!  Forward!  Down!  Right!"
Once they graduated to using real swords instead of cheap wooden replicas, they spent most of the afternoon practicing their movements.  At first, Edrigo stayed down on the beach with them, pushing them into position, watching them closely, giving terse and direct instructions.  Their movements had to be exact and precise.  The motion of the sword had to be perfectly aimed, the position of their feet had to be exactly balanced, their bodies had to keep a perfect posture.  
"Weapons down!"
Jasson let out a long, tired breath, and lowered his sword.  Standing up straight, he moved his aching shoulders and arched his neck back to look straight up in to the sky.  After a solid two hours of non-stop practice, he felt he deserved a break.
"Attack!"  Edrigo shouted unexpectedly.
Automatically, Jasson's body jerked into an attack posture, stabbing his sword forward without even thinking about it.  Drops of sweat flew from his chin and nose.
Edrigo laughed.  "Good!  Not a single one of you hesitated.  That's what I like to see!  Now, weapons down, for real this time."
Jasson's arm swung down and he took a few long breaths, a smile on his lips.  It felt good to know that his body was so well-trained already.  Again, he wondered how skilled he might be in another year or two.  Edrigo was forced to speed up their training to make room for the new men arriving soon, but under no stretch of the imagination did Jasson feel he was fully trained and ready to jump into combat.  He might not be a trainee anymore, but he still had lots of work ahead of him.
They marched back into the village, leaving their weapons and shields on a long wooden rack by the gate.  The shields needed repairs, and the swords were too dull to use in a real fight anyway.  But for training, they were good enough.  They would receive real swords and armor in another few weeks, or so Jasson hoped.
Kateesha skipped over to him and they shared a brief kiss, but she backed away with a sly grin when he attempted to slip his arm around her waist.  "You smell terrible," she giggled.  "You need a bath first, and then you can put your arms around me."
"Sure thing," Jasson said.  "How about you join me this time?"
She ignored his comment with a smirk.  "Go have a seat and I'll get you something to drink."
Jasson smiled and walked over to the rows of long tables, where his fellow soldiers were already getting seated, tiredly joking around after their long practice session.  Kateesha brought over a tray of glasses while another serving girl delivered plates of beef and vegetables.  Nellan, seated beside Jasson, reached over to grab a glass and quickly gulped down the cool water.
"Thank you, Kat," he said gratefully, wiping sweat from his forehead.
"You're welcome, Nell," she said, leaning over Jasson's shoulder.
He placed his hand on hers.  "I'll see you tonight, I hope?"
"Of course you will," she promised, giving him another quick kiss on the cheek.
Rassus sat at the end of the table, flirting with the other serving girl.  He slipped his hand between her legs and up her skirt, and she shrieked a laugh and scampered away.  "You watch your hands, soldier boy!" she called out as she went back to get another tray of meals.  "You have to marry me first!"
"Just give me the time and place!" Rassus called back.
Jasson dug into his meal, enjoying the taste of beef, which was a rare treat here on the coast where almost everyone ate fish on a daily basis.  But once a month or so, they received a few cattle from down the river with their other supplies.  He was starving, but he forced himself to east slowly and savor the taste.  He didn't mind fish, but it was nice to have something different.  He would have preferred venison, but they rarely got any of that, as deer were not as common in this region as they were in the mountains.
Kredan sat across from him.  "So Jass, are you and Kat getting pretty serious?"
Jasson winced at the nickname.  "Please, Kredan, call me Jasson.  I don't like those short names some of the people here use."
"I didn't like people calling me Nell at first," Nellan said, wiping his mouth.  "I guess I got used to it after awhile."
"I don't know, our full names sound too formal now," Kredan said with a shrug.
"You don't see anyone calling Edrigo by a short name," Jasson said.  "But anyway, to answer your question.  Yes, I think we're pretty serious."
"That's good," Kredan said, munching on a chunk of meat.  "It's funny, you know.  When we were coming here, I didn't think there would be any women at all.  I figured having women around might distract us from our training or something.  Good thing I was wrong, huh?"
Nellan said, "They wouldn't let women be soldiers if that was true.  And we have how many?  Five or six woman soldiers?  Including the ones at the other fort, I mean."
Jasson looked over at one of the other tables, where Jirtha and Lashene were sitting, talking with some of the men seated with them.  Both of the women were as hard-working as any of the men, and Jasson was glad to know them.  Jirtha in particular had the potential to be a fearsome opponent if you got on her bad side, so Jasson was more than happy to stay on her good side.  Ralanna, the third woman in their group of recruits, joined the archery training unit along with Aldus and many others, and they were still practicing their archery on the other side of the fort.  There were a few other women soldiers stationed at the two forts, such as the red-headed woman from Tagon named Shianne, but Jasson knew little about her.
"Hey, Polus," Nellan said.
Jasson looked back to see Polus taking a seat at the end of the table, carrying a tray of food.  He set it down and sighed, rubbing his neck with his other hand.  "Hello," he said wearily, his greasy black hair dangling down in front of his face.  One of the serving girls hurried over to give him a tall glass of water, and he thanked her without even looking at her.
"What do you think of that little trick the Captain pulled at the end?" Kredan asked casually, his mouth full of food.
"I thought it was pretty smart," Nellan replied.  "If we're in a battle, we have to have our wits about us, you know?  We need to react without thinking.  That's probably what he was trying to see."
"I think he just wanted to make sure we were still paying attention," Jasson said.
As they finished up their meal, Jasson took his empty plate over to one of the food tables and set it in on top of the pile.  He spotted Kateesha carrying away half-empty sacks of potatoes and carrots to return to the food pantry, and decided to wait for her to come back.  Most of the other soldiers were still sitting around and talking, resting up for whatever work Edrigo had planned for them after lunch.
Down behind the next row of houses and stables, he heard hammering and shouting as the workers continued construction of the new barracks building.  It was just a skeleton of lumber so far, and they were still had to install doors and furniture and other items to get it finished in time.  In just another couple of weeks, more recruits would arrive, and then Jasson and the others would be transferred to the new barracks.  Jasson was anxious for it to happen.  Once they were moved to the new barracks, he could spend more time in the late evening with Kateesha, or so he hoped.
Her mother was one of the farm workers, but they lived in the village instead of out by the farms.  Unfortunately, Kateesha never knew her father.  He had been a soldier stationed at Bakk, but transferred to a different fort before Kateesha's mother even knew she was pregnant.  Having a relationship with a soldier had its drawbacks, Jasson supposed.  After all, soldiers in the Grand Army moved around to new locations and new assignments on a regular basis, and a soldier's wife or girlfriend might not be able to always travel with him.
But despite those concerns, Kateesha seemed happy enough to spend time with Jasson, and he enjoyed her company as well.  Although they had little time to themselves, they made the best of their short meetings during meal time, sharing a brief embrace or a kiss and the promise of spending more time together when they could.  Ever since his first day at Bakk, when Kateesha had handed him a glass of water after the daily run, they had grown closer and closer.  But the real beginning of their friendship was when he caught her spying on him while he bathed in the river.  When he confronted her about it later, she had denied it with a glimmer in her eye, as if sharing a secret with him.  
She reappeared to help clean up the cooking pots, and saw him standing by the table.  She smiled and came over, swinging her hips as she walked.  Jasson let his eyes travel down the front of her brown tunic and to the bottom of her skirt, swishing up above her knees.  He smiled back and leaned on the table.
"Are you looking for something?" she asked, folding her hands behind her back.
"No, I think I've already found what I'm looking for," he said with a wink.
She laughed and said with a hint of sarcasm, "Oh, you're so romantic."
"What work are you doing this afternoon?"
"I'm helping my mom out in the field.  Then I think I'm washing some laundry and helping Marlianne get some new clothes prepared."
"Are you helping serve supper?"
"No, sorry," she said with a slight frown.  "I'll be around after that, though.  I know we'll get some time together before dark."
"I hope so," Jasson said, taking her hand in his.
Suddenly, Edrigo was out by the gate.  "Let's go!" he shouted.  "Everyone line up outside!  Grab your weapons!"
Jasson lifted her hand up and kissed her fingers.  "I got to go.  Talk to you soon."
"Take care," Kateesha said, waving at him as he ran off.
Jasson took a sword and shield on his way outside.  He wished he had a sheath to put the sword in, but they didn't have those yet, so he had to carry it in his hand.  Edrigo led them around the perimeter of the village to the side facing the river, and ordered them to get into groups of ten men each.  The soldiers from the archery unit were already there, along with many of Edrigo's regular troops.
Aldus ran over to Jasson and Nellan, a bow in his hand and a quiver hanging from his belt, with a few arrows sticking out of it.  Tayven was also training as an archer, so he joined them.  Polus joined their group as well, with a few others.
"Did you guys get lunch?" Jasson asked.
"Yeah, we ate before you did," Aldus said.  "Did they tell you what we're doing?  We're actually going to go on a scouting mission!"
"Really?  All of us?"
Edrigo called over some of the experienced soldiers and spoke with them before splitting them up to the groups of gathered recruits.  A stern-looking man wearing a black vest and trousers walked over to their group, a strong bow hung over his shoulder.  He had short blonde hair, dark eyes, and an unshaven chin.
"That's one of the guys training us," Aldus said as he came over.
"All right," the man said, crossing his arms.  "My name's Dashelus of family Lasarion, and I'll be your squad leader for today.  You can call me Dash if you want.  We'll head down the river and then go into the woods.  This will be a practice mission.  Your job is to remain as quiet as possible as we go through the woods, and to keep an eye out for anyone hiding there."
"But there isn't anyone out there, is there?" Tayven asked.
"Maybe, maybe not," Dashelus said.  "About an hour ago, Captain Edrigo sent out some men from Fort Tagon into the woods to hide from us.  Remember, this is just a practice mission.  So don't go firing off arrows if you see someone.  Now, let's get moving."
They set off down the beach, while the other groups all split up and went in different directions.  About half of them took short trips across the river on a wide floating barge, since there was no full bridge to the other side at the fort itself.  The closest bridge to the southern side was a few miles downriver.
Dashelus walked out in front, with Aldus and the other archers behind him.  Jasson and the swordsmen brought up the rear, and Jasson found himself walking beside Polus.
"Hey, Polus," he said.  "You still doing okay?"
"I'm fine," Polus replied with a short nod, saying little as usual.  
After his initial refusal to take part in the army, Polus had eventually stopped being disruptive and forged ahead with his training as hard as any of them.  His demeanor never improved, however, and Jasson didn't think he had seen Polus so much as smile the entire time they'd been living in Bakk, but he worked hard to finish his training, and set a good example for the rest of them.
Jasson decided to open up to him, hoping to help him socialize.  He said, "I've been meaning to tell you that I'm ? well, I'm glad you decided to work hard here and become a soldier like the rest of us.  I know it wasn't really your choice, but I'm glad you stuck with it."
Polus didn't reply at first, and then he said, "I don't want to be a soldier.  But what else was I going to do?  I still hate Wolner for getting rid of me like that, but I can't really blame him.  Now that I look back on it, I think I understand."
"You think maybe you're better off here?"
"Maybe," he said reluctantly.  He seemed on the verge of saying something else, and then stopped himself, absentmindedly making short vertical strokes with his sword.  Then he sighed miserably and shook his head.  "This isn't the life I was supposed to have.  I was going to have a family with Pashina.  We wanted children, we wanted to raise a family.  Oakenfal was my home, I didn't want to leave it."
"I can't tell you how sorry I am," Jasson said.  "But you know that you weren't doing yourself any good staying there.  I'm not saying you should have been forced to join the army like you were, but maybe leaving the village was the best thing for you."
"Did you really join the army because you were chasing after Alona?" Polus asked.
"Yeah, I really did, and look how that turned out."
"I saw you kissing one of the girls back there.  Is she your girlfriend now?"
"Her name's Kateesha," Jasson said.  "We're starting a relationship, I guess.  Polus, I don't want you to take this the wrong way.  I know you still love Pashina and you miss her.  But there are lots of women here.  Maybe you could meet one of them."
"I don't want that," Polus said, shaking his head.  "I only cared about Pashina, and the Father took her away from me."
"I understand," Jasson said.  "It was just a suggestion."
Polus didn't say anything for a few minutes, as they made their way down the shoreline.  And then he said quietly, "Thank you, Jasson.  For talking to me, I mean.  I appreciate your friendship."
"We're more than friends, Polus.  We're soldiers, we have to support each other."
Dashelus led them to a clearing that opened up along the edge of the water.  There was no beach, just a dirt slope that went down into the murky brown river water.  Tall trees sprouted up along the bank, and the path along the shore continued far ahead of them.
"Everyone keep your eyes open and move as silently as possible," Dashelus instructed them.  Jasson noted that Dashelus had not asked them their names.  He probably didn't care who they were, as he was only their temporary squad leader.  But he sounded bored with the whole exercise, like he was just going through the motions until it was over.
"We're going to head north through these trees for about a mile and then head back at an angle toward the fort.  There may be men in the forest here, waiting for us.  Just keep low and watch for any movement.  I know this is your first time scouting these woods, but do your best to keep your eyes open and stay alert."
The trek through the woods was mostly uneventful.  Jasson considered himself a pretty proficient stalker in the forest back when he was hunting, but these woods were nothing like the forest around Oakenfal.  Instead of tall trees with thick trunks, spaced out enough to see a reasonable distance through the woods, the lush forest along the banks of the river was lush with vegetation and huge bushes, making it almost impossible to see anything more than a few yards away.  The trees were squat and leafy with branches that hung low enough that he had to push them out of his way sometimes.  And the multitude of birds and insects chirping and buzzing drowned out any other sounds.
He did his best to listen for any unnatural noises, the clink of metal, the snap of a branch, the whisper of voices, but he heard nothing suspicious as they made their way through the trees.  He focused on making his own footsteps as silent as possible, which he found to be easier here than back in the forests he grew up in.  The ground was soft and the grass muffled his steps, allowing him to sneak almost silently between the trees.
There were shouts in the distance, and Jasson stood up higher, trying to see over some large bushes with huge flat leaves.  One of the other scouting parties must have encountered someone.
Dashelus gave them little instruction during the patrol.  He stayed in front, bow in hand, and occasionally glanced back to make sure none of them were falling behind.  At one point he directed their attention to some thorny plants to let them know not to touch them because they were poisonous.  Other than that, he did not have much to say, which actually made Jasson feel good about how they were doing.  If they were making mistakes or being too loud, he was sure Dashelus would tell them, so if he didn't say anything, Jasson felt confident it meant they weren't doing anything wrong.
Later in the afternoon they pushed their way through some bushes, hearing the rush of water just on the other side.  When they emerged from the foliage, they could see the river just on the other side of a clearing.
Dashelus sighed and stretched.  "All right, it looks like we're back at the river.  You guys did a pretty good job.  We didn't find anyone, but that's okay.  Maybe the other groups had better luck."
They walked down to the river and headed back toward the fort.  Aldus wiped sweat from his brow and said, "Man, that sure is different than being back home."
"Tell me about it," Jasson replied.  "I wonder how often we'll have to do patrols into the woods like that.  I thought we had to defend against people attacking from the sea?  Will we really face an attack from the woods down river of the fort?"
Aldus shrugged.  "We have to defend against attacks by land too.  The northern raiders sometimes send people down through the mountains.   Or maybe they'll come by boat, but send guys ashore to sneak up on us from behind.  If I was going to try to attack this place, that's what I would do."
"That's true, I guess."
Behind them, Polus spoke up.  "I think it's mainly to give us something to do when we're on duty.  Once we're fully trained, we won't spend all day working out and doing all that stuff.  Doing patrols down the river would give us something to do so we don't get lazy and bored."
"I never thought of it that way," Aldus said.  "I guess most of the time we'll be sitting around and keeping ourselves prepared for an attack, huh?"
"That's about it," Polus said.  "Defending this place will probably be boring most of the time, and that's dangerous.  They can't have their guards getting bored."
"Think how bad it will be when they get all those new men," Jasson pointed out.  "I wonder how they'll keep us all working hard when there are so many soldiers stationed here?"
"I think there will be plenty of work to do.  We still have a lot of training ahead of us, don't forget."  Polus called up to Dashelus, who was walking in front and talking with Nellan and Tayven.  "Sir?  Who's going to be in charge of our training once Captain Edrigo starts working with all the new arrivals?"
"I don't know yet," Dashelus replied.  "I think they'll break you up into large groups and assign you to a squad leader.  It might be me, for all I know.  Captain Edrigo will make that decision within the next few days."
When they got back to the village, they had to wait around for the rest of the squads to report back in.  It turned out that only three of the squads managed to find any of the hidden soldiers, which was pretty bad, Jasson thought.  When the soldiers all trickled in and gave their reports, Edrigo had everyone line up to get lectured on everything they did wrong.
"This might have just been a practice mission," he said gruffly.  "But you all did terrible!  How can you expect to defend our nation when you can't even find a couple of men hiding right in front of your eyes?"
One of the hidden soldiers actually hid up in a tree and watched a patrol squad walk right underneath him.  Another hid himself inside a bush and was literally close enough to touch the recruits that walked right past him.  Jasson cringed when he heard it, hoping that it wasn't his patrol squad that had been so oblivious.
"If those men were real invaders, they could have come right out and cut your throats!  And if you think they were hard to find, don't forget that they didn't even care if they got caught!  A real raider from the Spike would be trying twice as hard to remain hidden!"
The three squads who successfully discovered their quarry got to leave early, while everyone else got yelled at and lectured for another two hours.  Jasson sat down in the sand and carefully listened as Edrigo and the other soldiers explained everything they had done wrong.  It turned out that Dashelus and the other squad leaders had been instructed not to help out during the practice mission, so that explained why he had said so little.  All the while, he watched them and judged their performance.
"Never just walk in a straight line," Edrigo said.  "That's just stupid.  You'll never catch anybody that way.  When you're on patrol, always spread out to cover the most ground."
As the lecture went on, Jasson tried to soak in as much advice as possible.  The amount of knowledge Edrigo seemed to have was awe-inspiring.  "If you flush out a bird or a deer or some other animal, it means no one else is in that area, or they would have flushed it out already.  Every once and awhile, just stand still and listen to what's going on around you.  Stab your sword into bushes.  Learn to memorize your patrol area so you can tell if anything has changed since the last time you walked by.  A single broken twig or bent branch can lead to your quarry.  Go through in the early morning to see if you can find any footprints in the dew.  Anyone sneaking through the forest will leave evidence behind.  Your duty is learn to find that evidence."
When they were finally dismissed late in the day, Edrigo told them they would have more scouting missions in the coming weeks to familiarize themselves with the area around the river mouth and to practice what they had learned.  Then he sent them off for dinner with a wave of his broad hand, and they all got to their feet, most of them hurrying to get something to eat.
Jasson stuck around for a few minutes.  Nellan was at the front, talking with Dashelus.  As Jasson walked up to them, Nellan said, "Are you going to be one of our squad leaders?  I'd like to stay in your squad, if that's possible."
Dashelus nodded.  "I can talk to Edrigo about it.  I'll probably be assigned a squad here in Bakk, so if you want to join with me, I'm okay with that."
"Me too," Jasson said.  "I'd like to stay with your group."
Dashelus gave a slight smile, apparently pleased to see that they wanted to work with him again.  They spoke for a few minutes about the training schedule and when their next scouting mission would be, but Dashelus wasn't sure himself, so they just promised to meet with each other next time the opportunity arose.
They walked back to the village.  Already the sky was beginning to grow the grayish blue of twilight.  Inside, supper was in full swing, with all recruits joking and talking loudly, serving girls rushing from table to table, and other people in the village walking around and socializing.  They had some lanterns lit already, even though it was still light out.
As their training progressed and they all became friends with the residents of Bakk, the evening meal usually had a festive atmosphere, and Jasson could not help but smile as they walked to one of the food tables to get their plate.  Tonight there was roast fish, spiced oat porridge, and a variety of greens and vegetables.  There was also some cider for those who wanted it, which meant pretty much everyone, but they could only have one glass.
Kredan was talking to Aldus and Tayven when Jasson sat down.  "They're going send all of the experienced soldiers to Fort Tagon.  We'll basically take over for them here, and help train all the new people coming in.  Edrigo said that he's never seen so many new soldiers joining the army in such a short time."
"So they won't send any of us to the other fort?" Tayven asked.
"I don't think so.  I guess they want all the new soldiers here in Bakk."
Jasson sipped at his cider.  "How many new people are coming?"
"I heard eight-hundred," Kredan said.
Aldus gaped at him.  "Eight-hundred?  That's more people than we have here right now.  We don't have room for that many."
"That's what I heard," Kredan insisted.  Jasson had long ago noticed that Kredan always qualified his statements with "That's the rumor" or "That's what I heard," and he never was sure exactly what the truth was going to be.  Everyone went to Kredan for the latest information, but Jasson rarely listened to half of it.
He wasn't in the mood to talk with his friends.  As he ate, he kept scanning the crowd and looking for Kateesha.  Even though she told him she would not be serving dinner, he hoped they might have changed her schedule and he could see her.
Aldus leaned over and said, "Hey, after dinner we're heading down the beach with Endry and Rassus to do some more sword practice.  You interested?"
"No, I have other plans."
"Spending time with your girl again?"
Jasson laughed.  "I saw you flirting with Ralanna yesterday, you know.  Looks to me like you have a girlfriend too."
"She's only my girlfriend if she flirts back," Aldus said with a shrug.  "So far she hasn't.  Besides, she's nice and all, but there's lots of women here."
Aldus was right about that.  There were plenty of women in the village, both in Bakk and Fort Tagon.  Jasson was certainly not the only one to have found female companionship in the short time they'd been there.  Rassus was seeing a serving girl named Yalda, Makul spent most of his free time with a farmgirl named Londee, and even shy Tayven was talking with an older woman in the village named Bassina.  So far, only Nellan and Polus remained single.
Most of the soldiers previously assigned to Fort Bakk were stationed somewhere else now, some of them joining Captain Larando on his way back to Samorath, and others getting sent to southern forts.  If the soldiers were married, or had children, they could bring their families with them, but most of the time they left their girlfriends behind.  As callous as it sounded, that was part of the life of a professional soldier.  Some of the women in Bakk had lost their boyfriends and their lovers, so it was remarkably easy for Jasson and the others to find women to meet.
Jasson walked through the village after dinner was over.  Aldus ran off for some evening sword practice and Nellan returned to the barracks to get some rest, so Jasson found himself alone as he walked around.  The fishing boats were tied to the docks, the blacksmiths hammers had finally gone silent, and the farm workers were done for the day.  As evening swept across the coastline, it was time for everyone to enjoy some leisure time.  People sat around fires, telling stories and drinking cider.  Anyone who could sing or play an instrument would inevitably find an audience looking for some entertainment.  Jasson dodged some children laughing and darting through the lines of tiny huts along the river bank.
He met up with Kateesha at the river gate.  She walked in with a group of farm workers, the bottom of her brown tunic stained with mud and her skin still glistening with sweat.  When she saw him, she hurried into his arms.
"Hey," she said.  "I'm late, I'm sorry."
"It's okay," Jasson smiled.  "How was your day?"
"Busy.  What about you?"
"Me too."
They laughed together and walked toward one of the open fire pits so Kateesha could get something to eat and drink.  Jasson knew that it would not be long until they rang the night bell for all the recruits to return to the barracks, but he wanted to take advantage of the little time he got to spend with her.
Chapter Eighteen
Dosha

The frantic pace of Samorath did not slow down just because the day was at an end.  Oalun rode through the city streets, casually disguised in a plain brown cloak and black trousers, weaving his horse through crowds of buyers hoping to catch a deal from the merchants about to close up shop.  Burning braziers lit up the side streets as people began to shuffle home from their day at work, fishermen reeking of gutted fish and salt water, laborers tired from hauling bricks and crates all day, farm workers with sunburned shoulders, and government officials and civil servants with bundles of documents tucked under their arms.
None of them gave Oalun a second glance.  The thought of an Administrator riding unattended through the streets would never occur to them.  Few citizens in the city knew what the Administrators looked like up close anyway, so Oalun was confident no one would recognize him.  He even rode with his hood down to reveal his face.  
Taverns, saloons, and whorehouses lined the avenue as he made his way farther into the Sixth District, away from the merchant streets and market squares that dotted the southern harbor.  Already drunken revelers stumbled and staggered across the street.  Scantily-clad ladies up on balconies shouted down to every man that passed.  Some of them wore nothing above the waist, grabbing their breasts and making obscene suggestions to the men on the street.  They called to Oalun, offering their bodies to him for a modest price, but he had other things on his mind.
Most of his fellow Administrators would be hopelessly lost if they had to enter this part of the city, but Oalun knew where he was going.  He rode his horse down a series of twisting side streets, passing dark houses and empty local warehouses.  A group of rambunctious children played a game of circlesticks out in the middle of one narrow street, and down the very next alley, Oalun caught a glimpse of two men having a knife fight.  Oalun was always amazed at the wide variety of experiences and activities that took place in the infinite alleys and corners of the Grand City.
Samorath was divided into eight districts of roughly equal size, not including the old city on the other side of the Aneshis River.  The oldest districts were those closest to the harbor, dating back hundreds of years to the founding of the capital.  As Samorath increased in population over the decades, it expanded beyond the original city walls, portions of which still remained standing in sections of the city.  The Akis Wall was the oldest of these, now separating parts of the Seventh District from the Fifth District.  There was also the Korrian Wall and the Bardeen Wall farther north, which were actually two sections of what had once been a single wall.  Oalun supposed that in another hundred years or so, they might expand even farther north beyond the city's current wall and build an even bigger one in its place.
Oalun's home lay in the Third District, which was mostly populated by upper-class noble families and politicians like himself.  The Sixth District, on the other hand, was populated mostly by poor common laborers and harbor workers.  It was also home to dozens of brothels in the neighborhood known as Sweet Harbor, but Oalun had never visited those.  Four wives were more than enough to keep him satisfied in that department.
The sun had gone down by the time he cautiously led his horse down a dark alley leading into an abandoned courtyard in a particularly disreputable part of the Sixth District.  The building to the right was a former Temple to the Mother and Father, deserted now that the roof had caved in.  The other two surrounding houses probably belonged to merchants at one time, but were now home to beggars and squatters.  As he tugged on the reins, bringing his horse to a stop, he could hear the faint chatter of voices several streets over and the sound of a dog barking.
"Sheldara," he said.  "I know you're there.  I came to see you, as you requested."
From out of the shadows emerged a tall, lithe figure in black leather pants and a hooded leather jacket.  Bright eyes peered out from under the hood, and swords dangled from each hip.  The figure studied Oalun for a moment and then let out a throaty chuckle.
"I'm glad I amuse you," Oalun said.
Sheldara raised her slim hands and let down her hood.  Her skin was so dark it was nearly black, and when she smiled she revealed gold caps on her front teeth.  The sides of her head were shaved, leaving a wide strip of spiky blonde hair going from her forehead straight back.  Gold studs decorated her earlobes, and dots of silver paint streaked her hair.  On the front of her throat there was a line of tiny gold piercings, like a necklace of gold beads with an invisible string.
"It is good to see you tonight, Mister Oalun," she purred with a ferocious smile, deliberately mispronouncing his name as "Wallun."
He chose not to correct her.  In Darvosia, anyone working in government or politics was typically given the informal title of Mister, but such a term was rarely used in Arvia.  Sheldara knew this, but liked to pepper her speech with foreign terms and incorrect phrases, as if to heighten the language divide between Arvian and Darvosh.  Oalun knew it was intentional, because she wouldn't be a very effective messenger if she had poor language skills.  Her grasp of the Arvian language was flawless, but like Oalun himself sometimes did, she preferred to hide her knowledge whenever possible, to make herself appear weaker to potential enemies.
Oalun dismounted and tied the reins to a stone post.  "It's good to see you as well, Sheldara.  It's been too long since we could meet face to face."
"Indeed it is, Oalun.  I think you have gotten balder since last time."
"Perhaps.  I see you have two more kills since we last met."
Sheldara's eyes flicked wide in surprise, and her hand reached up to the gold piercings on her throat.  Each piercing represented an honorable kill in personal combat.  Sheldara might be nothing to him but a messenger and intermediary, but she was also a ruthless gladiatorial warrior with more than a dozen dead opponents to her name, a fact that Oalun never let slip his mind.  
"You are very observant, Oalun," she said, rubbing her throat.
He glanced casually to the left and right at the dark alleyways that intersected through the tiny courtyard.  In the distance, he could hear horse hooves clacking on stone, and the muffled hum of conversation coming from somewhere nearby.   A warm breeze wafted through the alley and rustled the edge of his brown cloak.
"How many men are pointing arrows at me right now?" he asked evenly, staring in her eyes.
"Just a few," she snickered.  "But you came alone.  That was trusting of you."
"Do I have reason not to trust you?"
"Are you armed?"
"Of course I'm armed," Oalun scoffed.
Sheldara let out a violent, barking laugh.  "That is good.  If you said no, then I would know that you were lying.  Only a blind fool would come here without a weapon."
"I carry a knife even when I'm in the Grand Palace.  You can never be too careful, you know."
"That is very true.  The Temple of the Emperor in Yaravasha is just as dangerous as the slums in the Lower City.  A nobleman's knife kills just as fast as a thief's, so they say.  The only difference is that the nobleman will be better dressed when he sticks it in you."
"It's good to know that Yaravasha is not so different from Samorath."
"Yes," the Darvosh warrior agreed.  "Your city and mine have much in common."
"Why did you ask me to come here tonight?"
"You know why.  You have been asking me for a meeting with my employer."
"And you finally managed to arrange one?"
"Indeed," she purred.  "He is inside, waiting for you."
Oalun nodded, not letting his sudden eagerness show on his face.  "Well then, let's not keep him waiting."
"Come," Sheldara said.
She led him through a narrow doorway that cut through the back of the collapsed temple.  Slivers of light from a dim lamp revealed a dark-skinned soldier standing by a boarded-up window, watching the street.  He nodded to Sheldara as they passed, the floorboards creaking loudly under their feet.  They went down a dark hallway that opened up into a room with a high ceiling, illuminated by several glowing lamps.
Two tables and a collection of rickety chairs furnished the room, along with rows of collapsing shelves on the walls.  Other than that, the room was clean and orderly, however.  Seated at one of the tables was a portly man with skin as dark as Sheldara's, dressed in a flowing red and blue robe with gold trim.  His black hair was tied tightly behind his head in a heavy ponytail, and his large golden eyes glimmered in the lamplight.  He sat with his legs folded under him, and gestured to one of the empty chairs.
His voice was delicate and precise, tinged with the same Darvosh accent that Sheldara had.  "Please, Administrator, have a seat,"  he said politely, grinning a wide smile.
Hiding in the shadows were at least four other soldiers, but for the moment, none of them had their weapons drawn.  Sheldara ushered Oalun inside and closed the door behind him, taking one last peek down the hallway as if to guarantee that they were not followed.  
 Oalun looked around the room and said, "Perhaps I should remain standing."
The man let out a restrained chuckle, resting his arms on the table.  "You are a wary man, Administrator, just as Sheldara has told me.  That is very good.  It is one of the reasons I have worked so long to arrange this meeting."
"She hasn't told me your name."
"Then allow me.  I am Dosha Sallan Koshin Kasvarosh, Lord of Hassarin and Loyal Servant of the Emperor," he said with a little wave of his arm.  "It is good to finally meet you, although I admit that I wish we could meet under less secretive circumstances.  I hope you understand why it must be this way."
"I do.  The fact that you're hiding in the city like this would make some of my people rather uncomfortable.  How exactly did you smuggle yourself into Samorath without being noticed?"
"Easily enough.  There are many merchant ships coming and going from your harbor.  Your officials cannot check all of them.  I have been here for two days."
"How many men are with you?"
"Twelve.  Including Sheldara, who has been here for some time."
Oalun nodded.  "I'm sure the city guard would be very upset to find twelve Darvosh soldiers sneaking around in the dark."
"They would also be upset to find you here with us," Dosha countered.  "You are wary and suspicious, which is only proper.  But you must also be interested and curious about what I have to offer, or else you would not have come."
"And what exactly do you have to offer?" Oalun said, allowing himself to sit down in the offered chair.  The men hiding in the shadows decided that he was not going to try anything, so they came into view.  Two of them stood by the door with Sheldara.  Like her, they both had piercings in their throats.  They were armed with curved blades, and several knife handles protruded from their belts.  Just seeing how they moved made Oalun realize the vast difference between the bodyguards hired  in Arvia and Darvosia.  If Oalun wanted bodyguards, he would hire soldiers.  Dosha had brought killers with him.
"I seek an allegiance," Dosha said formally, spreading his hands on the table.  "Your nation and mine have been at odds for far too long.  It is time we put aside our differences, do you not agree?"
"It's not so simple as that.  I'm just an Administrator, not a Royal Advisor.  My influence is limited."
"And I am just a Lord, and not a very powerful one at that," Dosha said with a slight chuckle.  "But alliances can be forged with less.  What we both need is a contact, a sympathetic ear.  You claim to be only an Administrator, but you are too humble.  Administrators have significant influence, and I know you are smart enough to wield that influence.  Sheldara has assured me that you are the right person for me to deal with."
Oalun shrugged off the compliment.  "And what about you?  Are you the right person for me to deal with?  We don't have Lords here in Arvia.  What does that title signify?"
"Perhaps your local governors would have a rank similar to mine.  I have control over a small domain within Darvosia, but I am subordinate to the High Priests in Yaravasha."
"What are you doing here, then?"
"Trying to succeed where others have failed.  I am not the first of my people to try to forge an alliance with your King, as you well know."
Oalun certainly did know.  Over the years, officials and wealthy diplomats from Darvosia sometimes showed up in Samorath with the intent to sign some treaty or discuss some important political matter.  They usually arrived in a luxurious ship and made a big deal of themselves, arranging for a pompous ceremony to note their arrival.  Oalun had witnessed several such affairs.  It consisted of little more that grand talk and vague gestures of future cooperation, and the King would humor the Darvosh diplomat and pretend to listen to what he offered.  
And then things would return to normal soon afterward.  The late Kings Haveros and Savrostra had little patience for empty diplomatic gestures and speeches by strange foreigners.
The cultural divide between Arvia and Darvosia was just too great to traverse within the terms of single treaty, and when it came right down to it, the Arvian rulers simply did not trust the Darvosh ambassadors.  They were too arrogant with their own self-importance, too flamboyant with their wealth, and too convinced that Arvia desperately needed what they offered, which was not very much.
They promoted treaties to allow their soldiers to enter the Arvian Empire, agreements to let their merchants sell their goods without paying taxes, and other self-serving suggestions.  What Arvia could gain from such an alliance was never fully explained.  The Darvosh kept people as slaves, did not worship the Mother and Father, and pledged their allegiance to a mysterious and hidden Emperor.  Oalun did not blame King Karustra and his predecessors from keeping the Darvosh at arm's length.
"You certainly have different methods," Oalun conceded.  "But why should my people deal with you, when they've already turned down so many others?  What can you offer that they did not?"
Dosha nodded sagely and leaned back in his seat, folding his hands over his stomach.  "I can give you information.  And I will give this information freely, because it affects us both.  It will put me at a disadvantage, so I hope you respect my honesty in this matter."
"Information about what?"
"War," Dosha said simply, his voice low.
Oalun felt his heart skip a beat.  His skin went cold, but he kept his expression neutral.  Out all the things the Darvosh nobleman might have said, Oalun had not expected something like that.
Before he could utter a response, Dosha said, "What do you know about the land of Shargossa, Administrator?"
"Shargossa?  Not very much," he admitted, taken by surprise by the sudden change of subject.  "It's an island far to the east.  The people that live there are barbarians, I've been told."
"It is far from just an island," Dosha said.  "It is an empire almost as large as Darvosia.  We call their land Shargossa, but they have their own name for it, which I cannot pronounce.  And although they are not fully unified, it is a mistake to call them barbarians.  Their language and culture are strange to us, but they are not savages.  We have been fighting them for years now."
"You're at war with them?"
"Isolated incidents, brief skirmishes.  Mostly naval conflicts, but last year they invaded an island we call Unshen which is off our eastern coast.  It took six months to drive them off, but by that time they had killed everyone who lived there and burned every building.  They are growing stronger, Administrator."
"So you want our help, is that it?"
Dosha smiled humorlessly and sighed.  "No, Administrator, not exactly.  I said I had information to give you.  As I said, Shargossa is growing stronger.  We believe that the time will come when they seek to invade your empire.  They are already working with the men who live in your northern lands.  The Spike, I believe you call it?"
"The North Spike, yes," Oalun said carefully.
The icy northern wasteland of the Spike was very far from Darvosia, and he was surprised that Dosha had even heard of it.  Although technically a part of the Arvian Empire, it was a lawless, criminal land, populated by rebels and malcontents who performed sporadic raids along the west coast.  Once a generation or so, the King would order the Army to send a force there to wipe them out, but they never seemed to fully eradicate them.  No one considered them a serious threat, and the North Spike itself was a desolate stretch of ice and snow that was not worth fighting over, so King Karustra and his predecessors just let the bandits stay there.
Dosha continued, "We also believe the Shargossans are in contact with the continent across the sea, the one you call Tetharos.  Our name for it is Akatesh.  If the men of Shargossa are strange to us, then the people of Akatesh are utterly alien."
"We've heard reports," Oalun said.  "The women shave their heads and tattoo their faces.  They worship some strange god that looks like a spider, and perform fire rituals where they burn animals alive.  We spot their ships out in the Arvian Sea from time to time, but we've had little actual contact with them."
"We've heard stories as well," Dosha said with a nod.  "Perhaps your knowledge of them is better than ours."
"Why do you suspect they're working with the people from Shargossa?"
"We have some informants and spies, but I will admit they are not completely reliable.  They have given us some useful information, though."  Dosha shrugged his fat shoulders and spread his hands.  "Given what we already know about the Shargossans, I am inclined to believe the informants in this matter."
Oalun sat back and tried to digest all this new information.  Certain facts fit in with what he already knew.  One lingering question that always vexed the Commanders in the Grand Army was how the isolated rebels of the North Spike were able to get supplies and food.  Sometimes after their raids, they left behind weapons of strange manufacture.  There was speculation that they might have had contact with Tetharos or some other nation in the past, but no one had yet suggested an actual alliance.  Some even speculated that they were in league with the Darvosh, but that had always seemed unlikely.
He tried to figure out a reason why the Darvosh Lord might want to lie to him.  As a politician, his natural instinct was to assume that everyone stretched the truth to serve their own goals, and anyone offering information for free was definitely a liar.  He had no reason to trust the Darvosh, and several reasons not to.  Showing up here late at night for a secret meeting was hardly the best way to inspire trust, and Dosha must have known that.  The question remained:  What did Dosha personally have to gain from all of this?
"Your Emperor doesn't know that you're in Arvia, does he?" Oalun asked.
Dosha gave Oalun a thoughtful look and then shook his head.  "No, he does not.  I am here of my own accord."
"The information you just gave me.  Your government would have preferred to keep it from us, is that right?  In effect, you're betraying your own empire."
"You are very shrewd, Administrator.  Sheldara was right about you.  It is true that I do not have permission from my Emperor to share this with you.  After all, your people have turned down several attempts at diplomacy, so the Darvosh have little motivation to tell you these things.  Besides, it is still mostly speculative.  We have no hard proof that Shargossa plots against both our empires."
"Fair enough.  But why are you here?  What do you hope to gain?"
"Influence and power, of course.  Why do men like you and I do anything?  My Emperor would reward me greatly if I could forge an alliance with your King.  It is in the best interest of both our nations, I hope you can see that."
"An alliance would be very beneficial," Oalun agreed.  "But many people, even some of my fellow Administrators, believe your nation is just as alien and unpredictable as Tetharos.  You follow a strange god, you have a strange language, and you buy and sell people like property.  It would be hard to form an alliance with a culture so unlike our own."
Dosha nodded, expecting such a response.  "Yes, I know we have our differences.  But our nations are not so different as you think.  You may not be aware, but your gods, the Mother and Father, do have followers in Darvosia.  They are a minority to be sure, but they exist.  And our language is not a difficult obstacle to overcome."
"And the slaves?" Oalun asked pointedly.
Dosha sighed.  "It is a vile institution, that is the truth.  I am ashamed of my home sometimes, knowing that we deal in human lives like they were cattle.  We should have ended that practice long ago.  But there are too many wealthy Lords and land owners who maintain their wealth by using slaves, and they influence the politics in Yaravasha.  Not everyone feels as they do, however."
"I'm actually surprised to hear you say that.  I would have thought your people believed it was perfectly okay to keep slaves."
"The world is getting smaller," Dosha said.  "The High Priests are well aware that slavery is not practiced here in Arvia, and your society does not suffer from it.  In fact, your empire is thriving.  There is growing public sentiment against it.  Even our wealthy nobles are beginning to change their views."
Oalun sat back in honest surprise.  "I was not aware of that."
"Do not misunderstand," Dosha said.  "It will take years, perhaps even decades, for my people to change their ways.  But I believe that it will happen.  And a man like yourself could serve as an excellent example to my people.  One of your wives is a former slave, is that right?"
"Her name is Minsha.  A merchant from Darvosia brought her here and tried to sell her."
A warm and genuine smile crept over Dosha's face.  "How wonderful that you would take it upon yourself to rescue her from such a life.  When Sheldara told me about her, I knew then that you were the man I could work with, Administrator.  Together, we can bridge the divide between our nations."
"You paint a lovely picture, Lord Dosha.  But I still don't see a solid plan about how we should go about forming this shadowy alliance."
"Small steps, Administrator.  First of all, you should tell your King about our concerns regarding the realm of Shargossa.  Tell them what I have told you.  But do not take my word for it.  Have your military commanders gather information for themselves.  They will see the threat that Shargossa poses to both our nations, I am sure of it."
"And then a military alliance?"
"Just so.  A treaty for mutual defense.  If either of our nations are attacked by the Shargossans or anyone else, then the other will provide assistance.  Do you think your King would consent to such an agreement?"
Oalun nodded slowly, his mind racing.  "Yes, I believe we could arrange that."
"Wonderful.  That is the first step.  Once we have the beginnings of a true military alliance, then taking additional steps should be easy.  Trading of information, open dialogue between our rulers, that sort of thing.  And always, you and I will be in the middle of it, acting as official diplomats for our respective nations, and reaping the rewards for our loyal service."
"Yes.  Perhaps we can work together after all."
For the next hour, Oalun and Dosha worked out the minor details, and Oalun began planning ahead for the work to be done.  If the Darvosh Lord was telling the truth about Shargossa, and right now it seemed he certainly was, then persuading King Karustra to agree to a military treaty would be fairly simple.  Oalun could already see many members of the Grand Army, perhaps even High General Toskanus himself, readily agreeing to such a treaty.  The threat from Tetharos was a constant worry to the military elite, mainly because so little was known about them.  If the barbarians from Shargossa were also proven to be a threat, then an alliance with Darvosia would be an obvious benefit, for no other reason than to prevent the possibility of Darvosia and Shargossa joining together against Arvia.
Seeing the rest of Dosha's long-term goals come to fruition would be a harder task, but in the long run Oalun felt the odds were on his side.  The challenge would be making the Darvosh a little less alien and less threatening.  Minsha might be able to help him with that task.  Perhaps he could persuade her to speak out more often about her homeland, while leaving out the bad parts, of course.  Minsha had a magnetic personality whether she knew it or not, and if she chose to promote the idea of an alliance with her homeland, then Oalun was sure people would think about it.
By the time Oalun left to return home, he already had an idea of how to broach the subject with the King.  The key to the entire plan was to make Karustra believe that he was the one in control of the situation, that the alliance with Darvosia was something he chose to do on his own.  Dosha was wise to engage in these negotiations in secret.  The main reason previous attempts had failed was because the Darvosh tried too hard to convince the Arvian rulers.  The key to winning a diplomatic alliance was to make King Karustra believe it was his idea all along.  Karustra might be arrogant, but his arrogance was borne from a cunning mind.  He would see the value in such an alliance if Oalun suggested it properly.
In the next few months, he could set up meetings with some of the local merchant guild leaders to prepare for the possibility of increased trade with the Darvosh, something that Dosha was already trying to set up.  That would take time, because most Arvian merchants and traders were reluctant to do business in Darvosia, for fear of anyone suspecting them of dealing in slaves.  But Dosha would be instrumental in making sure that they had no contact at all with slave traders.
Sheldara escorted him back outside to his horse.  "I will keep in contact with you and let you know of any new information.  I am glad you agreed to his proposal."
"It was a very productive meeting," he said as he climbed into the saddle.
"Enjoy the rest of your evening, Oalun," she said, baring her teeth.
"I certainly will.  I have a wedding to attend."
"Really, a wedding this late at night?  Who is getting married?"
"I am," he said.
Chapter Nineteen
Graduation

Jasson woke up a few minutes before the morning horn blew.  His body had gradually adjusted to their morning routine, and he always naturally came awake just moments before their wake up call.  He sighed and lay on his back, staring at the underside of the bunk over his head, where Nellan was still fast asleep.
Today the new group of recruits was due to arrive, which meant that it was by necessity the day he would graduate from the training program.  Knowing that all his hard work had led to this day made the past few months seem like a blur.  And even though he felt like he'd accomplished so much in a short time, he knew his training was far from over.  But he and all the other men would truly be soldiers in the Grand Army from now on.  He would have the official rank of Swordsman and would finally be given orders and responsibilities within the fort, performing guard duty and other assignments.  And most importantly, he wouldn't have to sleep in the fort barracks anymore.
Once the new recruits were trained up to their level, they would all continue their training together, although Jasson wasn't entirely sure how Edrigo hoped to train nearly a thousand men all at the same time.
By the end of the year, Edrigo claimed they would truly complete their training, and their rank would be accurate and not just a matter of convenience.  Of course, real soldiers never truly completed their training, Jasson knew.  The rest of his life would be spent practicing and drilling and keeping his body at peak physical condition.  But he wouldn't have to do it all day, every single day like he was now.
When he heard the door to their barracks open, he sat up and swung his legs off the bed, and then stuck his fingers in his ears.  The terrible, grating sound of the morning horn blared through the barracks.  The other men all groaned and rolled over in bed, some of them sitting up.  Jasson hated that sound more than anything else he had experienced so far in Bakk.  All the exercising and exhaustion and constant berating by Edrigo were nothing compared to the horrible sound of that stupid horn.  He vowed one day he would break it if he ever got the chance.
He rested his hands in his lap as the officer at the door announced, "Good morning, gentlemen!  Today is an important day, so I hope you got plenty of rest!  The new shipment of men will be here at midday.  To celebrate your promotions, the Captain has decided to give you ten minutes to get outside instead of the normal five.  So take your time, there's no rush!"
Nellan crawled down from the top bunk.  "No rush, he says."
"You might as well go back to sleep," Jasson said.  "We have ten whole minutes."
Up at the front of the room, Rassus stretched and groaned loudly.  "I don't know about all you fellas, but I'm more than ready to move on.  I'm sick of all this training crap.  The best way to learn is by doing.  Give me a few weeks actually working as a guard and I'll learn more than in months of training."
One of the other men called out, "I'll be sure to tell Edrigo about that.  Maybe he'll give you a shot at punching him again."
Rassus chuckled good-naturedly and rubbed his jaw.  "He does pack a punch, that's for sure.  I'll get him next time."
They did their usual morning run and had breakfast, but they were all worked up and anxious in the knowledge that today they were going to receive real armor and weapons.  No more fighting with dull blades or wooden practice swords.  For weeks, blacksmiths slaved over their furnaces making true swords and sets of real armor.  They could finally discard the rusted and dented stuff they practiced in.  They would look like real solders, not a bunch of ragtag amateurs and misfits in their mismatched fur pants and sweat-stained tunics.  
After they took a break for lunch, the officers and squad leaders started calling over small groups of two or three men at a time.  The blacksmiths and armorers were there, helping pass out their new possessions: gleaming short swords, sharp knives, stiff leather sheaths, a bright steel cuirass with leather straps, steel pauldrons and thigh guards, a round helmet, and a heavy shield.
The soldiers who accompanied them across the mountains hadn't worn armor like that.  But then again, the weather had not exactly permitted that kind of clothing.  For the most part, soldiers assigned to defend a fort like this wore armor typical to the Grand Army, while mounted traveling units, both archers and cavalry, wore lighter and more maneuverable armor like leather or chain mail.
When they strapped the cuirass around Jasson's chest, he had the strange feeling like they were clamping a manacle around his neck, but the feeling passed.  He'd never worn real armor before, and somehow it felt constricting.  They hooked the smooth shoulder pauldrons onto the cuirass and had Jasson wave his arms around to make sure he still had freedom of movement.  The pauldrons moved on a bolt, allowing them to hinge backward when he raised his arm, and then lower to protect the top of his shoulder when his arm was down.  The cuirass itself covered his entire torso down to his waist, fitting smugly around his chest and held in place with the leather straps.
"Guards in Samorath get more armor than this," the blacksmith said as he tightened the belts on Jasson's thigh armor.  "They get faulds and greaves as well, but we don't have time to make those for you boys yet.  This will serve for now, unless we get attacked tomorrow, that is," he added with a chuckle.
When they were done, Jasson walked out toward the center of the village and accustomed himself to the weight of the cuirass and the heavy shield.  The others mostly did the same.  He would grow into it in time, but right now it felt uncomfortable and heavy and too tight.  The shield was much heavier than the practice shields they used, and it felt like an anvil tied to his arm.  He carried his helmet under his arm for the time being.
Some of the other men suggested they all wear their new armor everywhere except to bed, until the armor felt like a part of their body.  But before Jasson felt he really had time to get the hang of it, Edrigo was calling them outside the walls to line up along the beach, even though some of the men were still getting their armor on.  Jasson set his hand on his sword, which was brand new and made just for him, and walked through the gate, feeling himself getting swept along with the tide.
When they were all equipped and ready, they stood in formal lines out in the sand, the sun overhead beating down on them, making Jasson feel overheated.  Sweat collected around his throat and dripped down his chest.  Out in front of them, all of the officers and higher-ranking soldiers stood at attention.  Edrigo, as their Captain and immediate commander, stood out in front, inspecting them.  Commander Oskern was there too, along with Horunus and the other Sergeants.
The ceremony, such as it was, was blessedly short and to-the-point.  The first man to speak was Basley the priest, who gave him a blessing in the name of the Mother and Father and led them in a short prayer for strength and bravery in battle.  
When that part of the ceremony was done, Edrigo walked out in front of them, dressed in black leather pants and a sleeveless leather jacket covered in chain mail, which he rarely wore.  He was also armed with his sword and shield, but they looked comically tiny in his huge hands.  
"Today is the day you are truly soldiers in the Grand Army of King Karustra," he said in his deep voice, staring hard at each of them.  "Today is the day you are no longer boys, today you are men for the first time in your lives.  Today you make your families proud.  Today you begin your service to the King."
They all stood straight, arms at their sides, letting Edrigo's words wash over them.  Jasson wanted to feel proud and happy for this moment, and in the back of his mind he truly was, but all he really wanted was for it to be over.  He knew this ceremony was just for show.  He had learned so much in the past three short months, but he wasn't ready to fight with a sword yet, he wasn't prepared to defend the nation against an invader, and he didn't really deserve the promotion they were giving him.  He wanted Edrigo to hurry up so he could get back to his training.
Edrigo raised his sword into the air.  "This weapon is your promise, this weapon is your oath.  You will defend Arvia from all enemies, from inside and outside.  You will honor your commanders and your comrades in arms.  You will act with truth, loyalty, and honor whenever you wear that armor and display the Imperial Insignia.  Let your service to the King be a shining beacon."
In unison, they all raised their swords along with Edrigo.  "We give this oath," they chanted, their voices as one.
"Good," Edrigo said, stepping back and sheathing his sword.
Commander Oskern came forward, looking as grouchy as ever.  Jasson remembered thinking a few months ago that Oskern's demeanor would improve once they finished their long march to the fort, but you couldn't tell by looking at him now.  Of course, he had other concerns to ruin his mood.  Jasson had heard the story of how he was promoted to the rank of Commander with no warning and given the challenging job of training so many new recruits on little notice.  
Oskern's grim expression softened ever so slightly as he spoke.  "I wish to congratulate you on all the hard work you've done.  You all came here as a bunch of inexperienced boys and mountain folk, and now I see a proud army of warriors worthy of their place within the Grand Army.  If King Karustra was here himself he could not say otherwise."
They all relaxed, surprised at Oskern's praise.  Their Commander took a breath and looked across the sea of faces.  "You all have a long road ahead of you," he said as he walked along the front row of men.  "You now must set a good example for those who are coming after you.  You must continue your own training and always work to better yourselves.  These are trying times, gentlemen.  Our future is uncertain, and the threats we face from foreign lands is greater than it has ever been.  When the time comes for us to defend our nation, you must be ready.  You must be the chain that surrounds and protects the heart of our Grand Empire.  I have faith in you."
Jasson glanced up along the top of the wall, where dozens of soldiers and even some villagers were standing to watch the promotion ceremony.  He saw old man Dobrill there, looking on proudly, even though he was not able to join them.  There were other faces Jasson recognized, but Kateesha wasn't there, unfortunately.  There wasn't enough room atop the wall for everyone in the village to watch, so she was probably outside the fort, waiting for them to come back out.
Edrigo snapped them to attention.  "From this moment on, you are warriors of the Grand Army!  Always remember the oath you have taken this day!  And don't let me down!"
And just like that, the ceremony was over.  With a ragged cheer and some enthusiastic back-slapping, they all congratulated themselves and laughed nervously.  It was all strangely anti-climactic and sudden, and none of them really seemed to believe it.  Maybe if they had truly had the time to complete their training, the promotion ceremony would have been more memorable, but they were working on a quick schedule.  Almost as soon as they were done, they returned inside Bakk and were informed that the new recruits would be there in just a few hours.
Aldus came up to him, laughing to himself.  "So how does it feel, Swordsman Jasson?"
"I don't know, Archer Aldus, how does it feel to you?"
"We aren't the new guys anymore," Aldus said with a smile, wiping sweat from his forehead.  "We have seniority now, so that means we can treat the new guys like crap."
"Very funny," Jasson said.  "I wouldn't go that far."
"They won't know we've only been here for a couple months longer than them."
"I think they'll figure it out."
Nellan came over, a big grin on his face.  "Jasson, can you believe it?  We're really soldiers!  Man, I wish the people back home could see us all now!"
Kredan, Tayven, and some of the others came over and they all joked around and showed off their new possessions, the new armor and weapons.  They all seemed amazed and even euphoric, as if the promotion had altered them somehow.  They weren't inexperienced trainees anymore, they were real soldiers now, even if it was in name only.  The knowledge that they had managed to survive Edrigo's training regime was like a nagging doubt in the back of their mind finally fluttering away, giving them all a sense of peace.
Kredan wiped his hand across the front of his cuirass.  "Hey, I heard that some of the soldiers will mark their armor for each man they kill in combat.  Some of the guys at Tagon have the whole front of their armor covered in little marks.  They see combat regularly here because the barbarians at the Spike come down the coast to do raids."
"I wonder when we'll see combat?" Nellan asked.
"Not for awhile, I hope," Aldus laughed.
Kredan drew his sword and carefully pointed it at the ground, turning it in his hand to watch the light reflect off the blade.  "I'm going to mark my armor like that.  If they try to attack us here, I promise I'll take as many of them down as I can."
Aldus and Tayven had short swords for the ceremony as well, but they were training to be archers, so they each carried a quiver on their belt and a bow in their hands.  Aldus said, "And while you're down on the beach cutting them up, I'll be up on the wall shooting them all.  For every one you kill, I'll kill a dozen."
"That's cause you're a cowardly archer," Kredan snickered.
"We all have a job to do.  You fight them on the ground, I pick them off from a distance."
"Just as long as you don't accidentally hit me with an arrow," Jasson said.
Their work was not done for the day, however.  Edrigo and the other officers called them into the fort office and explained their guard assignments.  Now that the other veteran soldiers were all transferring to Fort Tagon, everyone had to take on guard duty and other responsibilities at Fort Bakk.  That meant walking the walls, patrolling the beach, scouting the forest, and doing boat shifts along the river.  Not to mention all the other random duties that the soldiers usually did, such as spreading tar on the walls to keep them waterproof, fixing boats, taking care of the animals in the stable, running messages back and forth between Bakk and Tagon, and doing other simple maintenance chores.  They were also responsible for keeping up with their training exercises on their own, and their skills would be regularly graded to make sure they were still in peak condition.
A group of twelve soldiers formed a squad, typically split evenly between Swordsmen and Archers.  Their squad leader served as their ranking officer and immediate supervisor.  By now they all knew who their squad leader would be.  Dashelus had worked with them for the past few weeks, ever since leading them on their first practice scouting mission.
Their squad consisted of Jasson, Nellan, Polus, Kredan, Endry, and Lomack as the swordsmen.  Aldus, Tayven, Ralanna, Garben, Makul, and Shandus were the archers.  As they all gathered together to head into the office, Jasson did a quick count and saw that someone was missing.
"Where's Polus?" he asked.
Nellan looked around.  "I saw him talking with Commander Oskern a bit ago."
"Looks like he got here ahead of us," Tayven pointed out.
Polus was already in the office, talking to Edrigo and Dashelus.  He greeted the others in his normal quiet manner.  Although he had gradually grown more sociable in the last couple of weeks, Polus was still quiet and reserved most of the time.  He worked as hard as any of them at his training and sword practice, so Jasson was glad to have him in their squad.
"Here are your assignments," Dashelus explained, showing them a chart written on a large sheet of parchment.  "Our squad is in group three.  That means we alternate beach patrols every week with group two, and alternate river scouting missions every week with group five.  I'll give you individual orders later, but for now just know that you're all responsible for guard duty in the evening on a five-day schedule, starting tomorrow night."
"Yes, sir," they all said.  Jasson knew that almost none of them could actually read the chart, since the only person in their squad who could read at all was Kredan, and he only knew a little bit.  In time he thought that they would all have to learn at least a few words, but that would have to wait until they had time to spare.
"Come to me if you have any questions about your assignments," Dashelus said.  "The next few days are going to be pretty hectic.  Captain Edrigo will be busy with the new volunteers, and there are bound to be some mistakes and mix-ups with the guard schedule.  But starting tomorrow, all of you are required to perform guard duty, on the wall and also along the perimeter of the village.  I'll be around to show you exactly where you're supposed to go.  Any questions right now?"
"Do we have any orders tonight?" Jasson asked.
Edrigo, seated with his feet up on the desk, answered, "Tonight you all have the freedom of the village, to help welcome the new men to the fort.  We already have men scheduled for guard duty.  The rest of you can have a good time, as long as you're ready for guard duty tomorrow."
Dashelus added, "You should all head over to the new barracks and claim your beds.  If you have anything in the old barracks, get it now.  I'll see some of you around tonight, but until tomorrow morning you are all dismissed.  Have a good evening, gentlemen."
Back out in the village, the party was already beginning.  They had tables of food laid out and barrels of cider ready to pop open.  It was almost time for dinner anyway, so some of the men were already eating.  But first, they walked to the new barracks buildings on the other side of the village to pick out their new sleeping quarters.  
Despite claims that they were going to wear their armor all the time, most of the men had already taken off their heavy cuirass and left their shield and sword to mark their beds.  Jasson and a few others made a quick stop in the old barracks to retrieve any personal possessions they had left there.  All Jasson owned was his hunting knife and some carvings that he had brought from Oakenfal, but they were the only things he had to remind him of home.  He didn't have the time or inclination to do any carving since coming to Bakk.
The new barracks building still smelled like freshly-cut lumber, and it was not actually complete yet.  The back wall, facing the river, was open to the elements, but thankfully they had not had any bad weather in a couple of weeks.  The beds were cheaply constructed, just a basic wooden frame and lumpy mattresses stuffed with straw.
Jasson sat down on an unclaimed bed and unbuckled his belt to set the new sword down.  Nellan came over and gave the top bunk a good shake to make sure it was sturdy.  
"You're taking the top bunk again?" Jasson asked.
"Sure, if you don't mind me sleeping up there."
"I don't mind.  But we don't have to sleep here at all if we don't want to.  We don't have to return to the barracks at the night bell anymore."
Nellan shrugged.  "Where else am I gonna sleep?"
Aldus tossed his bow and quiver down on a nearby bed.  "You could find yourself a nice woman and share her bed.  I know that's what Jasson has in mind.  I bet you're going to stay with Kateesha most of the time, aren't you?"
"I don't know if her mother would appreciate that," Jasson said jokingly.
Kredan interrupted.  "Hey, Jass.  Speaking of Kat, I just saw her walking outside.  She might have been looking for you."
"She was?"  Jasson jumped up and hurried outside, hearing the others laughing as he went.  
He caught sight of Kateesha up by the front gate, unloading baskets of fruit.  Jasson took a moment to silently admire her backside as she bent over to empty out the basket, and then he snuck up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist.
"Hey," he said in her ear.
She squeaked a laugh, and turned to put her arms around his shoulders, planting a kiss on his lips.  He could smell her scent, and her body felt warm as his hands slid up her back.  She brushed her hair out of her eyes and gave him a sly look.  She pressed her hands against his armor and delicately traced the etching on the front.
"You're a Swordsman now, baby," she smiled.
"I know.  I looked for you up on the wall, but I didn't see you."
"I only got to watch part of it," she said, pouting.  "My mom volunteered me to help unload the boats and bring in the last few baskets and all that stupid work."
"You're helping with dinner again too, huh?"
Her large brown eyes lit up.  "Nope!  I have tonight off."
"That's great!" Jasson exclaimed.
"You want to get something to eat?"
"Of course."
"Come on," she said, taking his hand.  "You should take this stuff off so you don't spill any food on it.  You're staying in the new building, right?"
They returned to the barracks just as the others were heading out.  Kredan, Aldus, and the rest had removed their armor, but Nellan still had his on.  Ralanna had shown up as well, and Aldus waved at Jasson as he walked off with her.
Kateesha helped him remove his armor, sticking her fingers up underneath it to loosen the straps and buckles that held it in place.  She gave him a tickle for good measure and then helped ease the heavy cuirass over his head.  He sat down to unfasten his thigh armor and Kateesha ran her hand through his hair.  She picked up his small leather bag and took out one of the wooden carvings.
"Can you make one of these for me?" she asked.
Jasson set the thigh armor down.  "If you want me to.  I haven't had much time to practice lately."
"You'll have time now, right?  Now that you're not training anymore, that means you'll have more free time?"
He put his arms around her waist and pulled her close.  "That's right."
She gave him a playful smile, biting her lower lip.  "Okay, let's go get something to eat and you can tell me how it feels to be a soldier."
"I don't feel any different so far," he said, returning her smile.  
They walked back to the village square, which was packed with people.  The feeling in the air was almost tangible, like a cloud of enthusiasm and anticipation.  Jasson looked across the faces of his fellow soldiers.  Everyone was having a good time already, and it was still only afternoon.  When the new recruits arrived, that's when the real celebration would begin.  Jasson remembered the night that he had arrived at Fort Tagon.  Had it really only been a few months ago?  He would get to experience the party from the other side now, he thought.
He spotted Polus standing by one of the food tables, a plate in his hand.  He was talking to one of the serving women, an older lady with long black hair and bright eyes.  To Jasson's amazement, Polus was actually smiling.  He hadn't seen a smile on Polus' face since before his wife Pashina died.  Maybe graduating from the training program had finally given him something to be happy about.
Jasson looked around to see where Nellan and the others were sitting.  Kateesha grabbed some drinks and helped him scoop spoonfuls of thick stew onto his plate, laughing at him when he said he couldn't eat that much.  He started to walk off toward the tables, but Kateesha led him away and directed him to some small benches situated behind the row of huts where the meals were prepared.  
"We can sit out here," she said, balancing her plate on her legs.  "It's not so loud and we can have a little privacy."
She asked him about the graduation ceremony and he gave her as many details as he could remember, the short speeches by Commander Oskern and Captain Edrigo, and how it felt to wear his armor for the first time.  It all happened so fast that there wasn't much else to talk about.
"This place is going to be crowded when all those new people get here," he said.  "I haven't even learned everyone's names yet, and now we're getting a few hundred more faces."
"I know, there's so much work to do," Kateesha said, shaking her head.  She brushed her hair out of her face and sipped her drink.  "So did they give you orders or anything?"
"Just our guard routine.  We start guard duty tomorrow night."
"Here in Bakk?"
"Of course."
"Okay," she said, glancing up at him.  "I thought maybe you'd be assigned to the other fort or something."
"No, I'm afraid you're stuck with me."
She laughed.  "Don't you worry about me.  Even if you were assigned to the other fort, I would show up there every day just to bother you.  I knew you were special since the first time you ever talked to me."
"When was that?  My first day here?"
"You don't remember?  I gave you a glass of water and you dumped it over your head.  I thought it was hilarious."
"I do vaguely remember that," Jasson said with a chuckle.
"Every day I waited for you to get back so I could give you some water, just in case you wanted to dump it over your head again.  But you only did it that one time," she said with a mock frown, and then broke out into giggles.
"Well, here, give me that," he said, reaching for her drink.  "I'll pour it over my head right now, just to make you feel better."
She pulled away.  "Haha!  This is fruit juice, it would get all sticky if you did that!"
"I guess I would have to take a bath then," Jasson said.  "And you could spy on me again like you did the first time."
"I have no idea what you're talking about," she said with a smirk.  "That must have been some other girl with dark hair."
"Sure it was," he said.  "Do you think she would get in trouble if I told Edrigo that she was watching the soldiers bathe in the river?"
"Maybe, but you didn't tell anybody.  So that means you must have liked it."
As they talked, Jasson scooted closer to her and put his hand on her thigh.  "Well, maybe I should find that other girl and ask her if next time she wants to get naked too and we can bathe together."  He leaned in and kissed Kateesha on the lips and she hummed her pleasure, clasping his other hand in hers.
"If you ask nice, maybe you'll get more than that," she whispered, touching his chin.  "And by the way, you need a shave."
Jasson sat back and rubbed his cheeks.  "I thought I would grow a big beard like Oskern has.  It would make me look manly."
"Please don't grow a beard," Kateesha giggled.  "I like you the way you are."
After they were finished eating, they sat down in the grass together and talked about their lives, their childhoods, and anything else they could think of.  Jasson draped one arm casually over Kateesha's shoulder while she absentmindedly twirled her hair around her finger.  
"You'll never see your family again, will you?" she asked softly, leaning against him.
"Probably not.  Maybe someday I'll return there."
"Sometimes I wonder where my father is.  I wonder if he misses my mother, or if he even remembers her.  He never knew that she was having a baby.  If he knew about it, I wonder if he would have stayed and married her."
"I don't know," Jasson said honestly.  "If he was a good man, he would have stayed with her."
"She's called him lots of things, but I don't think she's ever called him a good man."
"I'm sorry to hear that."
"It's all right," Kateesha said, turning to look him in the eyes.  "You're not going to leave me like that, are you?"
"No way.  I don't know if I'll be assigned to Bakk forever, but I'll be here for a long time before they decide to reassign me somewhere else."
"Long enough for us to get married?"
Jasson didn't let the surprise show in his face.  He liked her very much, but they'd only known each other a few months, and marriage was a long way off.  But he understood why she felt that way, and didn't want to disagree with her.  Instead, he kissed her on the forehead and said, "I promise I'll stay here with you for as long as you want me."
They heard a shout from out in the village square.  "Hey!  Open up the gate!  It looks like they're about to arrive!"
Kateesha sat up quickly.  "You hear that?  Come on, let's go see what's going on!"
By the time they reached the top of the wall, they had to squeeze in with dozens of other people who had climbed up to get a better look.  It was still light outside, but the sun was on its way to the horizon, making the ocean behind them glow.  They pushed and shoved their way to the edge of the wall, and Kateesha leaned over the edge to try to see farther down the river.
The new group of recruits came from the south, but there were no bridges across the Silver River this close to Bakk, so the new group detoured down the river about five miles in order to cross a bridge to the north side.  Jasson couldn't see very much over the heads of the other people crammed along the top of the wall, but he glimpsed a few men on horseback coming down the river bank.  As soon as the first lines of men on foot were visible marching behind the mounted soldiers, the people at the wall began to cheer.
Jasson wondered what his own group of recruits had looked like when they first arrived.  They'd been tired, hungry, and dirty from their long march.  These men coming looked very much the same, but instead of smelly furs and animal hides, they were dressed in cloth tunics and sandals, and their skin was already tanned.  Most of them had blonde hair, since the population of Thonelis was mostly blonde, or so Jasson was told.  
"Welcome to Bakk!" some of the people shouted when the recruits came under the wall.  They tossed flowers and waved happily, and Jasson smiled at the sight of the weary men looking up with hopeful looks on their faces.  He knew exactly how they felt.
The mounted soldiers rode into the village and went straight to the fort, while the recruits were brought inside and immediately given food and drinks.  Everyone was shouting and laughing and soon the crowd began to shuffle down from the wall, bringing Jasson and Kateesha with them.
"Sorry, but I have to help out," she said.  "I promise I'll catch up with you as soon as I can.  Don't run off, okay?  I want to spend more time together tonight."
"Okay," he said.  "I'll come looking for you in a couple hours?"
"Great, I'll see you then."  She kissed him and hurried off to help the other serving girls.  
Jasson was lost in the crowd, so he wandered over and got himself a mug of cider.  There were so many people walking around that the village seemed like a bustling city, full of noise and flowing energy.  More than a hundred men were gathered around right inside the gate, and more of them were outside, seated out in the sand while serving girls brought plates of food and mugs of cider.  Jasson leaned against the wall and just watched for a little while.
There were lots of young men just like him, from the other side of the world.  Even though he was technically trained now, he knew that he was more like them than an experienced soldier in the King's Grand Army.  But he had grown a lot in the past few months, more than he had expected to.  He looked at the faces of the new men and wondered if any of them had abandoned their families and their homes without a word, as he had done.  Were they thinking about their families now?  Jasson had little time to think about his own family, and except for his conversation with Kateesha about them, he rarely thought about them at all anymore.  The soldiers of Fort Bakk were his family now.
"Hey, there you are," came a voice behind him.  It was Aldus, with Ralanna on his arm.  "We're going to walk out along the beach and talk to some of the new guys, you want to join us?"
Jasson didn't do much talking as they walked out among their new comrades.  Instead, he let Aldus and Kredan do most of the talking, since that was what they were both good at.  But these new men were not from distant, isolated mountain villages like Jasson and his friends.  They were mostly from the southern coast, and some of the men were even from large cities like Carthen and Teshiel.  To them, Bakk was the middle of nowhere.
"What kind of training will we do?" they asked.  "Will we get our own horses?  Does the Commander here treat everyone well?  Just what is there to do around here?"
Jasson walked along the beach, greeting a few of the men who were sitting by themselves, doing his best to welcome them to their new home.  When his mug of cider was empty, he went back for another.  He briefly glimpsed Kateesha in the crowd and made his way around the square, saying hello to a few more people.  He found Rassus talking to a group of men, telling them how great it was to be there and how lucky they were to have a great trainer like Captain Edrigo.  He also saw Jirtha talking to a woman that he guessed was one of the new recruits.  All around him there were conversations and laughing and the rumble of voices.  He drank his cider and went back for more, feeling light on his feet.
Feeling the urge to get away from the noise and the swarm of bodies, he walked back up to the top of the wall.  He climbed the steps and looked out across the sea, which grew dark in the twilight.  It was like a massive rolling shadow spreading out to infinity.  Jasson leaned against the wall and took a deep breath, smelling the salt in the air and the tang of the seawater.  He couldn't hear the slap of the waves over the sound of the crowd, but he could almost feel the rhythmic tremor against the wall as the waves slowly pushed against it.  
He turned his back to the sea and leaned against the wall, gazing down into the village.  From this vantage point, he could see almost all of Bakk, all the way down to the fishing boats tied up on the dock.  Underneath him, Bakk was a bustling swarm of activity, people laughing and drinking, all the new arrivals merging and mingling with the locals and the recent graduates.  If Jasson had to guess, he figured there were about two-thousand people crammed into the village, which seemed like a ridiculous number of people.  But even that was just a fraction of the population of a huge city like Samorath, which had fifty times that number.  He couldn't even imagine that many people in one place.
Burning braziers and flickering campfires lit up the village and the beach beyond, and he could even make out distant lights from the fishing huts farther down the river.  In another hour it would be fully dark outside, but he didn't think many people would be going to sleep any time soon.  The celebration would last until late into the night, he suspected.  
A figure came into view out of the corner of his vision, walking in his direction, boots clomping heavily on the wooden walkway.  Jasson expected it to be one of the soldiers on guard duty, but was surprised to see Edrigo walking toward him.
He stood up straight.  "Good evening, sir."
"Relax, son," Edrigo said calmly, looking out over the crowd as Jasson had done just a few moments before.  "You're not on duty right now and neither am I.  I hope you're enjoying the little party tonight."
"Yes, sir.  I just came up here for some fresh air."
"Me too.  I like walking the walls at night and taking a good look at all the people that live here, it keeps me focused on what we're here to protect.  And there are so many new faces now, it's kind of overwhelming, you might say."
"Yeah," Jasson said, feeling suddenly nervous with Edrigo standing there.  The man was his Captain, after all, and he didn't want to say something stupid and make a fool out of himself.  Next to Edrigo, Jasson felt like a little boy again.
"Sir?  Why are they bringing so many new men here to be trained?  I heard some rumors that they're building up the Grand Army because they think we might be invaded."
Edrigo frowned and shook his head.  "I'm just a Captain, they don't tell me everything.  But they're building up every fort along the coast, and that sure sounds to me like they're preparing for war.  Does that scare you?"
"A little bit, yeah.  I mean, I just got here.  I'm not ready yet to fight in a war."
"You will be," Edrigo said, patting him on the shoulder, his huge hand like a bear's paw.  "You and your friends are going to make fine soldiers, I can tell.  You show a lot of promise, that's why the Commander allowed you to be promoted so early, not that we had much choice.  But I can see the potential in you.  There are men down there who are bigger and stronger, like that fellow Rassus, but you have a lot of heart, Jasson.  You believe in what we're doing here, I can see it in your eyes."
He was surprised that Edrigo remembered his name.  "Thank you, sir," he managed to say.
Edrigo grumbled a laugh.  "Go on and have some fun, have another drink on me.  Tomorrow the real work starts for both of us."
Jasson nodded and walked back down the steps.  He had no idea where any of his friends were, so he went back down to get another drink.  By the looks of it, he wasn't the only one getting tipsy.  A few of the new men seemed ready to fall down, and he hoped that Edrigo would not work them too harshly tomorrow if they were hungover.  Then, on second thought, he hoped that Edrigo did work them hard, since that's what they needed.  He drank another mug of cider while walking around the village square.
Kateesha found him and fell into his arms.  "Hey, there you are."
"Here I am," Jasson said with a fuzzy smile.  "Are you done working?"
"I guess so," she said.  "Nobody else is sticking around.  We'll have to clean all this stuff up in the morning."
"So what do you want to do now?"
"Come on," she grinned, pulling him away.
Down along the river, there was a bonfire going, with most of Kateesha's friends sitting around and laughing with each other.  Jasson slumped down into the sand, and Kateesha sat in front him, snuggling against him as he wrapped his arms around her.  He set his chin on her shoulder and said, "What a great night.  I think I'll remember this for a long time."
Kateesha kissed his cheek.  "It's still early, baby.  I hope you didn't have too much to drink.  No falling asleep."
"We could just sleep here by the fire," he suggested.
As the night wore on, people shuffled in and out of the group, disappearing in twos and threes with more people showing up to take their place.  At one point, Tayven and Bassina showed up and stayed for awhile, but none of the others in his squad came around.  He hadn't seen Nellan since they picked their bunks, and Aldus was off with Ralanna somewhere.
Night fell with a perfectly clear sky, the stars brighter than usual.  Burning embers from the fire floated up into the air to mix with them like tiny orange stars.  Jasson felt like he could sit and enjoy it forever, with Kateesha pressed against him.  With his head perched over her shoulder, their cheeks touched and he could feel her heartbeat.  The firelight made her skin seem to glow, and he slowly let his gaze crawl across her smooth, muscular legs.  Her brown dress bunched up around her thighs, giving him more of her legs to admire.
She noticed his attention, and turned to kiss him deeply on the lips.  "Come on," she said, sitting up and getting to her feet.  "Let's get out of here."
She reached down and helped pull him up.  He still felt light-headed from the cider, but he didn't lose his balance or feel dizzy, and as Kateesha held his hand and led him away from the fire, he breathed deeply the cool night air.
Her house was located down along the wall.  It was a tiny, two-room hut with a thatched roof and thin wooden walls, like most of the others.  As they went inside, she used a torch from outside to light some candles.  Their shadows merged on the wall.  She smiled at him, her eyes glimmering in the candle light, and silently drew him into the other room.
"Where's your mother?" he asked.
"She won't be back tonight.  We can be alone."
In the darkness, she moved against him and pressed her lips against his.  His hands found their own way, pressing against her hips and sweeping around to squeeze her buttocks.  He opened his mouth to take a breath and she reached up to kiss him even harder, sliding her tongue inside his mouth.  Her every movement was urgent and intense, and her hands grabbed at him , tugging at his shirt and fumbling at the buckle to his belt.
He tried to lift up her dress, but she pushed him back onto the low bed and crawled on top of him, straddling his waist and cupping his face in her hands as they kissed.  He felt himself growing hard underneath his trousers, his hands sliding up the front of her shirt to feel her breasts through the rough fabric.
She suddenly pulled away.  "Wait," she breathed.
"What is it?"
"Do you love me, Jasson?"
"Yes," he said without a moment's hesitation.
"Promise me you won't leave me."
"I won't leave you.  I'll never leave you."
He could only see her silhouette in the light of the room's solitary candle, but the shadows of her face opened up, her eyes a tiny glint of light.  She slid her hands down his chest and then crawled backwards off of him, to stand up beside the bed.  
Her dress came off with one quick motion as she swept it up over her head and tossed it aside.  Underneath, she wore a plain gray shift, which she slipped over her shoulders and let flutter to the floor.  Stepping out of it, she stood there in front of him and took a few short breaths, the light outlining her torso, her thighs, and the tips of her breasts.  She helped him unbuckle his pants and slid them off his legs, while he tugged his own shirt over his head.
"Tell me again," she whispered.
"I love you, Kateesha.  I promise I'll never leave you."
She put one knee on the bed and leaned over him.  His hands went for her breasts and played across her smooth skin, feeling her sweat and the heat of her body.  Slowly, she climbed up and swung her other leg over his body to straddle him again.
"I love you  too, Jasson," she gasped.  
And as she reached down to guide him inside of her, Jasson forgot all about the other woman he once thought he was in love with.  That other woman was nothing.  There was only Kateesha.
Chapter Twenty
Wedding

Oalun still had not returned home long after it went dark.  Jasamina told one of the servants to wait outside and let them know when his carriage came up the road.  Meanwhile, she and Yalania fussed over all the little details, even though the only people attending the wedding would be the members of the household and the servants, since it was not possible to invite anyone else on such short notice.  Yalania promised they would have a proper public ceremony as soon as possible, but Alona didn't really care.  She had long ago succumbed to the flurry of constant excitement and was now emotionally exhausted, letting herself be pulled along as they changed her hair and prepared a dress for her.  The whole wedding seemed out of her control, so she just let it happen around her.  It had been such a long day, she would have liked nothing better than to simply go to bed.
But at least she was able to have a real wedding.  She had to remind herself that the women in the King's Harem would not get a lovely ceremony like this.  Any way she looked at it, getting to marry Oalun was a much better proposition then joining the harem, but somehow she felt more uncomfortable about it.  Everything came together too easily.  Oalun offering to marry her out of the blue, and then his other wives being so happy about it.  Alona felt like any minute now, something terrible was going to go wrong.
She tried on five different dresses.  They had to make alterations to some of Evalene's and Yalania's clothes so they would fit properly, and finally decided upon a very modest yellow gown with ruffles around the neck and shoulders.  Yalania said that it brought out the gold in Alona's eyes.  The servants helped make her hair look nice by wrapping it around some heated stone cylinders, giving her hair a gentle curl it never had before.  They showed Alona her reflection in a mirror and she was amazed at the result.  However, they combed her hair much the same way the woman Castilla had done, so that it gently framed her face.  After they applied some makeup to bring out the red in her lips and the shadow of her eyes, she almost didn't recognize herself.
"Is an elder going to take our marriage promise?" she asked at one point.
"Is that how they perform weddings in your village?" Jasamina asked.
"Yes, the village elder stands with the people to be married and accepts their marriage promise.  Their vow to stay together and be faithful to each other."  As soon as she said it, she realized that the faithful part of the marriage promise would not apply here.
Yalania hummed to herself as she fastened a large white flower above Alona's ear.  "Well, we don't have village elders, of course.  To make a marriage legal here in Samorath, you have to register it with the Civil Office and the Temple.  We can meet with a priest tomorrow.  As for the wedding promise, you'll say it in front of everyone here."
Alona nodded.  "Okay.  Is there a certain way I have to say it?  I mean, I don't really know what I should say."
"Just say what you feel, dear," Jasamina said.  "Just say what feels right."
"I don't know what feels right."
"We all know that you're scared.  Oalun surely knows as well.  So don't feel like you have to be perfect tonight.  I'm sure you'll do fine."
Yalania said, "Just think about when Oalun married Minsha.  Now that was an awkward little wedding.  She could barely speak our language and didn't even know she was getting married."
"She told me.  How did she give her marriage promise, then?"
"She did a few months later, once she learned how to speak to us.  And it all worked out well in the end, despite such a difficult beginning."  Yalania sighed contentedly as she took a brush and ran it through Alona's hair a few times.  "And you look absolutely beautiful.  Oalun is going to be so amazed when he sees you, that he won't be paying attention to what you say anyway."
Jasamina chuckled at that.  Alona had to refrain from informing them that Oalun had already seen her completely unclothed, so seeing her in a dress like this might not be quite as special.  She had to agree that she looked beautiful, though, and amused herself by wondering what the people from Oakenfal would think if they saw what she looked like now.  The boys in the village would fall over themselves trying to give her the best compliment.  She also believed that her parents would be happy to know that she was getting married, even if it wasn't quite how they had wanted.
"What happens after we give our marriage promises?" she asked.
"That's when we celebrate," Yalania grinned.  "We'll play some music and sing and dance, and drink some wine as well.  And then afterward, you and Oalun can ? well, you know.  It's traditional to consummate the marriage on the wedding night.  You probably know that."
"Yes, I know."
"But it's up to you and Oalun if you want to," she added.
"I do," Alona said.  "I'm not nervous about that.  I'm more nervous about messing up my marriage promise."
Jasamina laughed again.  "My dear, you might be the only woman who's ever been more nervous about the wedding ceremony than the wedding night."
Out in the main room, the servants had moved the furniture along the walls, leaving the middle of the floor open.  They placed a fine red carpet down and hung wreaths of flowers from the ceiling.  Large paper lanterns glowed a warm yellow illumination.  Alona walked out into the room, resisting the urge to touch her hair and mess up all the work that Yalania had done.  
Evalene was at the table, sipping a glass of wine.  "You look lovely, child," she said.
"Thank you.  I think I'd like something to drink as well."
"Nervous?"
"Yes, very."
One of the servants poured a small glass for her and she drank it quickly.  Making a sour face, she set the glass down.  She had never developed a taste for cider, but wine tasted worse.  Yalania hurried around and told the servants to get the rest of the food and drink ready, while Jasamina took a seat and enjoyed the sounds of the busy house.  
"Where's Minsha?" Alona asked.
Evalene motioned down the hallway.  "She's in her room, getting dressed, I believe."
"I need something to do," Alona said, feeling anxious.  "I'll go and see if she needs help or anything.  I don't want to just wait around."
All of the women had their own private rooms for the nights when Oalun took another to bed, so Alona walked down the hall until she found Minsha's room.  She knocked timidly on the door and heard Minsha's voice.  She turned the handle and looked inside.
Minsha was seated on her bed, her back to the door.  There was the scent of some kind of incense in the air, and the small bedroom was illuminated with a line of candles on the windowsill.  Alona opened her mouth to speak, but suddenly forgot was she was going to say.
Minsha was completely nude, her dark brown skin shining in the warm light, her black hair tumbling down her bare back.  She turned casually to see who was at the door, so that the curve of her breast outlined by the light of the candles.  Seeing Alona there, she gave a smile and said, "Is Oalun here?  I suppose not, or else someone else would have come to get me."
"No," Alona said, momentarily speechless.  "No, he isn't here yet.  I didn't see you around, so I thought maybe you needed some help."
"No, thank you," Minsha said.  "I am almost ready."  
She stood up, completely unselfconscious of her nudity, and picked up a skirt that lay on the bed.  Alona felt the breath catch in her throat as she glanced at Minsha's body, and then quickly looked away.  Minsha stepped into the skirt and pulled it up to her waist, casually fastening the buttons to hold it up.  It was a plain blue skirt that hung down below her knees.  She chose not to wear any underclothes, which Alona thought was slightly odd.  
"You look beautiful, by the way.  I like what Yalania has done with your hair."
"Thank you.  Are you getting your hair done?"
"No, I prefer to keep my appearance simple."  
For a moment, Alona was terrified that Minsha intended to remain topless during the wedding ceremony.  But then she took a blouse from her closet and pulled it over her head, a simple short-sleeved white blouse with gold embroidery.  Compared to the regal dresses that Yalania and Evalene wore, and Alona as well, Minsha's outfit did appear quite simple.  But her expressive golden eyes and dramatic features made her stand out just the same.  Alona thought that any kind of makeup or unique hairstyle would have only lessened Minsha's strange beauty.
"What's that smell?" Alona asked.  "It smells like herbs or something."
"The candles," Minsha said.  One by one, she blew them all out, dropping the room into darkness.  "I burn these candles when I do my prayers."
"Prayers?"
"To Union," Minsha said simply, smiling as she and Alona walked out into the hallway.  "It is my religion.  I will explain it to you later.  I do not follow your Mother and Father."
"Really?  You don't believe in them?"
"No, I have different beliefs.  The people in Darvosia follow a different god."
Alona wanted to ask more, but as they walked out into the main living room, one of the servants called that Oalun's carriage was finally about to arrive.  Yalania called for everyone to take their places and made a final check to see that everything was ready.  By her behavior, a random passerby might think that she was the one getting married, Alona thought to herself.
She stood at the back of the room, her hands clasped in front of her, flanked on each side by the other wives and all of the servants.  The front door opened up and the boy Davrey appeared, holding it open as Oalun came into the house.  He was dressed in a shining purple robe that glittered as if it was dusted with jewels, like the Grand Palace of the King glittered in the daylight.  Behind him were a few other servants, including the man named Rathan from Oalun's office.  
Oalun walked up to his wives, who stood in line near the door.  Jasamina was first, and she embraced her husband before giving him a gentle kiss.  "My love," he said, "I hope the special news today pleased you.  I'm sorry for being so late."
"It is okay, my love.  Welcome home," Jasamina replied.  "We have made everything ready for you this evening."
He moved on to Yalania and kissed her as well.  "My dear, you look wonderful, as always.  I hope you were not too surprised by the sudden news."
"Of course not," Yalania said, beaming.  "We were overjoyed to hear it."
Oalun walked to Evalene, but did not kiss her.  Instead, he held her hand and lifted it to his lips.  "My sweet, I hope you have made a new friend today as well."
"Yes, I'm very happy for both of you," Evalene said.  "For all of us."
Minsha stood last in line, her hands folded in front of her.  Oalun smiled and leaned in to kiss her lightly on the cheek.  "And dear Minsha.  I hope your day was full of joy."
"And yours as well," Minsha said, a smile brightening her face.  "I believe a bright future is ahead of us."
Her words seemed to lift his spirits, and he turned slowly to see Alona, who stood in the middle of the room.  She didn't know what to say.  Clearly, it was a tradition in the family for him to greet each of his wives in turn when he came home. 
He stepped closer to her.  "Alona, you look incredible.  It's so good to see you here like this.  I hope that everyone made you feel as if you were already at home.  I'm very happy to see you here."
He extended his hands, and Alona reached out.  His hands felt warm and dry as they closed over hers.  She didn't know what to say, but finally she found her voice.  "I'm happy to see you too.  You can thank the others for doing all of this.  I'm afraid that all I did was get in the way."
"I hope that you had time to meet everyone," Oalun said, smiling down at her.  "I apologize for being so late, but my official responsibilities never seem to end.  Besides, I thought perhaps it was best to give you plenty of time to get comfortable here."
"Are we going to ? Do you want to do the wedding right now?" she asked.
"That is up to you, my dear," Oalun said.  "I would be pleased to have the ceremony right now.  I changed my clothes and got ready before I left the Grand Palace.  There is no reason for us to wait."
Alona looked up at him, trying to envision him as her husband instead of the complete stranger that he was.  She could not help but feel uncertain.  Despite all outward appearances showing him to be a kind and generous man, Alona had seen a glimpse of Oalun's nature back in the Grand Palace.  After meeting all of his other wives, she could see that he was a man of mysterious motives, and even though this was only the first day she had known him, she wondered if she would ever truly understand what made him act the way he did.
He had known that touching her body without permission would make her feel weak and shameful, and he did it anyway.  He grabbed her breast, he invaded her most personal spaces, even when he knew how it would make her feel.  It was a callous act designed to overwhelm and intimidate her.  And his apology afterward was hardly sincere.  Deep down, Alona didn't think she could really forgive him for that.  In retrospect, she realized that she had no choice regarding his offer of marriage, he had arranged it so that she could not turn him down.
This is the man I'm going to marry, she thought.  He is a mystery to me.  He's deceptive and selfish and aloof and callous, and he's going to be my husband.
"Yes," she said, feeling everyone staring at her.  "Let's get married right now."
Yalania clapped her hands gleefully and everyone arranged themselves in a circle around Alona and Oalun.  Marriage traditions varied slightly but the basics felt familiar to her.  She and Oalun stood in the middle of the room, with all the guests standing around them, holding hands to form a protective and supportive ring.  In her village, the wedding party would be made up of the friends and family of both the husband and wife.  Here, Alona had no one.  The circle around her was made up of Oalun's wives and servants.
He spoke softly, "Alona of family Gren, I take you as my wife.  When you came to see me today, you had nothing except your dreams and your inner strength and your incredible beauty.  The first time I looked into your eyes I felt lost in them.  When I look at you, I see such energy and such potential.  I believe that you can bring happiness into the lives of everyone that you come into contact with.  My marriage promise to you is this:  I will always give you whatever it is that you desire.  I will never harm you and never disappoint you.  I will help you achieve the potential in you.  Under the blessing of the Mother and Father, I will always be there for you."
Everyone smiled and murmured their approval of his marriage promise, and waited for Alona to reply.  It took her a few moments to gather her thoughts.
"Oalun of family Tasla, I take you as my husband," she said, her voice barely a whisper.  What could she say to him, what could she promise?  She was like an inexperienced child suddenly thrown into a life that she knew nothing about.  All of her doubts and fears and worries hovered over her head, casting a huge black cloud on what was supposed to be a joyous moment.  Under the gaze of so many strangers, she felt like a prisoner.
"I came to this city with nothing, and you've given me a family and a life that I could only have dreamed about.  I feel like I don't deserve any of this, but I promise that I will earn the love and the kindness that you've shown me.  My marriage promise is this:  I will always be loyal and always do my best to honor you.  I will work hard to better myself and become educated so that you'll be proud of me.  I will seek the friendship of your wives so that they'll be like my own sisters.  And I pray to the Mother that she will give me a child to fill our home with love and happiness."
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw that both Jasamina and Yalania were crying and touching handkerchiefs to their eyes to wipe away the tears.  Her eyes flicked away from Oalun and she saw that Minsha was just watching her and smiling an enigmatic smile, her golden eyes shining.
"I accept your promise, Alona, and now I am your husband."
"I accept your promise, Oalun.  Now I am your wife."
After the words were spoken and the marriage promises given, the rest of the evening flew by in a blur of activity.  Once again, Alona felt like she was just being pushed and pulled through her own life, barely able to get a grip on what was happening.  
The effort of giving her marriage promise drained her.   The rest of the party seemed to go on around her, so she obediently let herself be pulled along.  She danced with Oalun as some of the servants played music for them, she drank some more glasses of wine, she laughed blandly at the jokes and stories that swirled around her head.  The others danced as well, Rathan danced with Yalania, Davrey danced with Hanya, and Oalun also danced with his first wife Jasamina, giving Alona a short break from the festivities. 
Minsha crept up beside her.  "It was a good wedding.  I can see that Oalun is truly happy to take you as a wife.  Congratulations, Alona."
"Thank you," she replied, feeling light-headed.  "So much has happened to me today, I feel like I could sleep for days after this."
"Today is just the beginning.  Tomorrow the world will be like new."
"Yes, I believe you."
Everyone had nice things to say.  The servants said how lovely she was, Rathan told her that she and Oalun would make each other very happy, Jasamina whispered in her ear that she was an angel sent from the Mother to bring joy to their family.  Young Hanya kissed her on the cheek and said how happy she was to see Oalun get married again.  Everyone had nice things to say, and Alona felt like she was drowning under their kind words.  At some point, the flower in her hair fell out and she didn't know what happened to it.
Oalun's employees drifted away when the dancing and drinking was over, and then the servants began cleaning up and putting all the food away.  Evalene bid everyone a good night and returned to her room.  Minsha did the same, touching Alona's hand on the way out of the room, wishing her a good evening.  Alona felt desensitized and blurry from too much wine, and after sitting with Jasamina and Yalania, they both decided it was time for bed.  
Oalun took her arm and led her to the bedroom, gently guiding her down the hall.  The combination of the long day, the wine, and her frayed nerves made her feel like she was half-asleep already.  She didn't know what time it was, but she guessed it had to be after midnight already, since Oalun had come home so late.
She could barely believe that so much had happened in one single day.  Had she really woken up this morning around a campfire with Dashelus?  
"How do you feel?" Oalun asked.
"I don't know," she said honestly.  "I don't know how to feel.  I just feel tired."
"It has been a very eventful day for both of us."
He opened the door and led her inside.  The main bedroom was much larger than the other bedrooms, and contained a huge bed, several wooden dressers, shelves filled with books and personal items, and two smaller attached rooms.  Lanterns had already been lit for them, giving the room a bright and welcoming glow.  She walked to the bed and looked down at it as Oalun closed the door behind them.  
Strangely, she didn't feel nervous at all, even though she felt like she should be incredibly worried about what was going to happen next.  But after everything else that she had seen and done today, she felt dull to any further surprises.  But unlike everything else, she had known that this was going to happen.  After all, taking a man to bed with her was one of the only things she had expected to do in the first place.
Oalun put his hands on her shoulders and brushed away her hair.  "Are you okay?  You and I are married now, but I understand if you don't feel comfortable yet -"
"No, it's okay," she said, turning to face him.  His eyes were soft and kind, but deep within they were devoid of emotion.  She dimly remembered the intensity of the King's presence when she offered herself to him, how the touch of his hand was like a blast of pure heat.  Oalun had no such penetrating aura.  His touch was dry and restrained, and the look in his eyes managed to be both lustful and emotionally distant.
"I would like to apologize for what I did earlier today," he said.  "I should not have pushed myself upon you like that.  I should not have touched you without permission.  It was wrong of me."
"Yes," Alona heard herself say.  "Yes, it was."
"Can you forgive me?"
"Maybe, I don't know yet."
He let his hands move down her torso, his fingers lightly touching the sleek fabric of her dress, until they rested on her hips.  His eyes focused on her chest and he let out a sigh.  "I want to take you to bed.  I would like that very much."
"Just give me time to get ready," she said, hooking her hands on his to pull them away from her body.  "Get into bed.  I promise I'll be quick."
"Take your time, my dear.  We have all evening."
"Get into bed and wait for me," she said, heading to one of the side rooms.  She walked inside and let the wooden door swing shut behind her.  The room was a large closet with racks of dresses that she assumed belonged to Jasamina.  
She slid out of her dress and hung it with the others, and then removed her slip and stepped out of her thin sandals.  Running a hand through her hair, she took a deep breath and looked down at herself.  She didn't know how to be sexy, but she had a feeling that it didn't matter.  Just walking out into the bedroom in the nude would be enough to make Oalun happy, even she had no idea what to do once she got into bed with him.  In time, she would learn how to please him.
She thought, he might be a stranger, but he's my husband.  I'm not a harem girl and I'm not a whore.  I'm the wife of a very powerful man.  Maybe someday I'll even fall in love with him.
Oalun was in bed, waiting for her.  The blanket was up to his waist, and he sat up when she came back into the room, revealing his bare chest.  He was surprisingly fit, with a slender, muscular frame.  Even though he was twice her age, he was in good physical shape.  Alona thought that if he had a full head of hair, he might have been rather handsome.
"Come here," he said, pulling the blanket up for her.
She crawled into bed and lay down beside him, and he let the blanket fall down over her stomach and legs, leaving her breasts exposed.  Instantly, his hands were touching her skin, rubbing his fingers over her nipples.  His breath increased his pace as his hand slid down across her stomach and under the covers to touch her between her legs.
"I want to make you happy," she breathed.  "You will have to teach me."
"It would be my pleasure, my dear," he replied distantly, staring down at her body.
"Do you think I'll get pregnant?"
"If the Mother blesses you.  Let us find out."
He rolled on top of her and she spread her legs for him.  Oalun proved to be a very experienced and giving lover, and it was not as painful as she had expected.  His hands never stopped moving, touching and caressing her body all over, and his lips kissed her lips and face and down her neck, his breath coming hot and fast.  She hesitantly put her arms around him and then explored his own body as he rocked against her.
As the first trembling waves of pleasure rolled up from deep inside of her, she finally let go of her fears and left the memories of her former life behind.  And much later, when she curled up against Oalun's sleeping body and felt herself drift off to sleep as well, she touched her stomach and prayed that she would succeed where his other wives had failed.
Part Two
Five Years Later

Chapter Twenty One
The Battle of Fort Bakk

A ringing bell woke Jasson out of a sound sleep.  He worked the evening guard shift the night before and had only gone to bed a few hours earlier.  Groggily, he opened his eyes and tried to recognize the sound the bell was making.  It took a few moments for it to register, and then his eyes snapped open and he jerked up into a sitting position.
"What's that noise?" Kateesha mumbled from beside him.
"It's the warning bell," Jasson blurted out, suddenly wide awake.  He threw the blankets aside and jumped from the bed as the first shouts from out in the village reached his ears.  He pulled on pants and grabbed a long-sleeved shirt off the floor.
Kateesha sat up quickly, staring at him.  "The warning bell? That means ..."
"We're under attack," he said, running across the room. 
There was a deafening crash of wood somewhere outside, and the house seemed to shake with the echo of the impact.  People began to scream and Kateesha jumped out of bed to run after Jasson, who was already out in the main room, grabbing his armor.
"Fire!" someone screamed, the voice a high-pitched wail.  "Call the guards! We're under attack! The wall is on fire!"
"Help me!" Jasson snapped, swinging his cuirass up over his head.  He sat down to strap on his thigh armor while Kateesha bent over him to buckle the straps holding the cuirass on, her hands shaking so hard she almost wasn't able to do it.  Jasson stuffed his feet into boots and stood up as soon as she was finished.  His heart pounded in his ears, almost drowning out the frantic shouts and orders coming from outside.
His sword and shield were both propped up by the door.  He had just cleaned and oiled his sword before guard duty, but he hadn't expected to need it again so soon.  He grabbed his helmet and then took his sword and shield.
"Jasson!" Kateesha cried, standing frozen in the middle of the room.
He walked back over to her and kissed her on the lips.  "I love you," he said, his voice tight in his throat.  "Close the door and bar it after me."
"Be careful," she whimpered, tears in her eyes.
Jasson ran outside, drawing his sword and heading out into the middle of Bakk, amidst a mob of screaming people and soldiers running all over the place.  Ahead of him, the wall on either side of the main gate was on fire, bright orange flames licking up over the top.  The fire lit the entire central yard in an eerie orange glow.  Soldiers were crowded in front of the gate, swords in their hands, the flames reflecting in their wide open eyes.  The sky above was still dark, but the swirling flames made it as bright as day.
The top of the wall was lined with archers firing outside.  More arrows flew up over the wall, causing soldiers and villagers alike to scramble for cover.  Other people were screaming for help, trying to lug pails of water up the stairs to slow the spread of the fire.  Captain Edrigo's voice boomed from somewhere far away, yelling for men to launch the defensive ballistas lined up along the upper edge of the Fort.  If they were firing the ballistas, it meant enemy ships in the water.
There was a light in the sky, and Jasson stared up in disbelief as a roaring ball of fire soared up over the wall like a shooting star.  People all around him screamed, but he stood motionless, unable to comprehend what he was seeing.
The ball of fire crashed down on top one of the stables and the building immediately exploded in a huge eruption if fire.  The blast knocked people to their feet.  Two horses, swathed in flames, ran screaming from the wreckage.  The column of fire raised into the sky like a beacon.  Villagers rushed everywhere, wasting no time.  They hurried to bring water from the river to try to extinguish the blistering inferno before the nearby buildings caught fire as well.
"Brace yourselves!" someone screamed.
The gate buckled with the force of a tremendous impact, raining sparks and bits of burning wood down to the soldiers gathered below.  Jasson, feeling as if he was lost in a dream, ran up to join the soldiers, feeling the incredible heat of the burning stable behind him.  His face was immediately drenched in sweat and he tried to blink it away.
The gate smashed open with the ear-splitting sound of breaking lumber, one side simply collapsing down, making the men underneath it jump out of the way.  Not all of them made it.  Jasson felt himself pulled into the clash of bodies as the mystery attackers surged forward through the breach, screaming in a wild language as they pressed the attack.  Arrows filled the air, riddling the invaders with wooden shafts.  In seconds, a wall of dead bodies blocked the entire opening.
"For the Empire!" a soldier screamed, leaping through and slamming his sword down across the face of a snarling man on the other side.  The man's face exploded in a spray of red.
"Ladders!" an archer up above him screamed.
Jasson felt himself move without really knowing what he was doing.  His body reacted on reflex to years of training, before his mind could even register what was happening.  He jumped up the steps to the top of the wall, along with a dozen others.  The flames spreading up the wall made him feel like he was being cooked alive in his armor, but he rushed past the fires without slowing down.
The attackers brought ladders to scale the wall.  Archers fired rapidly, trying to shoot them before they reached the top.  One man barely made it, grabbing the edge to pull himself over just as Jasson cut him down, slicing his sword through the man's neck.  His shout of pain came out as a bloody gurgle, his hand slapping against his neck, and he toppled backwards, falling twenty feet down to the mass of bodies below.
Jasson stared out across the beach, his heart clenching in his chest and his lungs struggling for breath.  The entire beach was a massive swarm of bodies.  In the glow of the fires, he could see at least twenty ships along the beach, spilling soldiers like ants crawling from an ant hill.  Hundreds of men, if not thousands, filled the beach, screaming and howling like animals.  The wielded long-handled axes and short swords and were dressed in heavy leather armor.  Their black and brown hair was tied behind their head in long, greasy braids, and their faces were painted blue.
"Tetharos," Jasson breathed in dismay.  They weren't raiders from the Spike, they were the barbarians from the continent across the sea.
More ladders went up, and Jasson joined the others in knocking them down and killing anyone who reached the top.  One man swung his axe off-balance and struck Jasson on the shoulder, and was immediately stabbed in the heart for his efforts.  The impact made Jasson's whole arm ache, but his armor had done its job.  He rushed forward and grabbed the ladder to knock it down, and a flaming arrow zipped over his shoulder, missing his face by inches.  More arrows flew up from the beach, and one of the archers standing nearby fell from the wall, an arrow lodged in his throat.
At the gate, the soldiers of Bakk held their ground, but just barely.  There were simply too many men on the other side.  Screaming waves of men battered their way inside.  Jasson shouted at any of the archers firing toward the beach to direct their efforts at the gate.
"Protect the gate! We can't let them get inside!"
"We have to get out there!" someone next to him shouted, grabbing his arm.  The man's face was smeared with soot and blood, and Jasson didn't even know who he was.
"The east gate!" Jasson shouted back.
"Come on!"
More soldiers climbed the stairs, so Jasson went halfway down and then jumped the rest of the way, landing hard and rolling into his side.  He got back to his feet and hurried back through the village, gasping for breath as smoke filled the air.  Two more buildings were on fire, the flames bright and overpowering.  Every villager in Bakk was on the move, hauling buckets of water from the river in an attempt to dowse the flames.  Jasson had a thought that Kateesha was out there too, and when he ran past their house, he saw the front door was wide open.
"Jasson!" someone said.  It was Nellan, running toward him.
"We have to go to the east gate!" Jasson shouted, making himself heard over the screams and sounds of battle.  "We can't hold them off, we have to get out there and meet them!"
Nellan nodded harshly, his face grim.  "Yes, I'll join you."
Half a dozen other soldiers were there as well, running along with him toward the east gate, which opened up along the river.  Before Jasson even reached it, he could see figures slipping over the wall and dropping down inside the village.
"Stop them! Come on!"
About twenty Tetharosan warriors scaled the wall and were trying to open the gate.  Jasson ran straight into them, swinging his sword in a sideways arc.  The first soldier went down with his intestines spilling around his feet.  The others joined the fight and there was a brief, hectic moment of frenzied combat, swords clashing together and shrill voices crying to the sky.  Jasson raised his shield to block a huge axe descending upon him, and his arm rattled from the blow.  He spun sideways and slashed his blade across the man's throat. 
Blood sprayed out across Jasson's face, momentarily blinding him.  He wiped his forearm across his face and turned to fight someone else, barely even looking where he was plunging his blade.
The Tetharosan warriors wore almost no armor, just thick leather vests and forearm braces, but the Arvian steel blades pushed right through the leather like it was nothing but stiff bread.  Instead of fighting with any kind of skill or finesse, they relied solely on intensity and ferocity, leaping to battle with terrifying war cries with absolute disregard for their personal safety.
The fight was over in less than a minute.  Jasson stabbed his sword into the ground and leaned on it like a cane, breathing heavily.  He glanced up to see that the only dead bodies on the ground were from Tetharos, but two of his friends were wounded.  A man named Barrin was standing a few yards away, gripping his bloody bicep, and an older fighter named Shord was kneeling in the dirt with both his hands clamped just above his groin.
"I'm okay, I'm okay," he groaned.  "It's not deep.  Go on, go on!"
Suddenly, a dozen more men came running up.  "Edrigo sent us to make sure that they weren't trying to sneak in the back way," a tall southerner named Artelus said, his eyes sweeping over the dead bodies with an approving look on his face.
"Are they holding the north gate?" Jasson asked.
"Barely.  We've got to go on the offensive."
"There's more coming!" an archer in the back announced, pulling an arrow from his quiver.  More warriors were swinging up over the wall.  One of them went backward, screaming with an arrow jutting from his chest.
Jasson ran up the steps to engage them.  He raised his shield and deflected a heavy blow, then swung his sword low to knock the man's legs out from under him.  He flipped over and fell from the wall, arms spinning to regain his balance.  Jasson let him fall and rushed on to the next one, ramming another man in the chest to knock him back.
A hundred warriors ran along the wall outside, heading for the ladders.  More archers came hurrying down to meet them, raining arrows upon the invaders before they could even get halfway up.  Jasson spotted Aldus' girlfriend Ralanna among them, but Aldus was nowhere in sight.  Jasson ignored that for now.  He cut through another man climbing a ladder, sending him down to the ground, his blood splattering all over the ladder rungs.
"Now!" he shouted down to the others, who were at the gate and ready to make a run for it.  "Everyone go now!"
He swung his leg over the top of the wall and took a deep breath.  What he was about to do was nothing less than completely insane.  As the gate opened up and his friends rushed out, he balanced himself atop one of the ladders and pushed off the wall.  The ladder teetered out and began to tip over, and Jasson leaped from it to crash down upon two Tetharosan warriors who broke his fall.  He buried his sword to the hilt in the first one, and bashed the edge of his shield into the other's blue-painted face, splitting a gash across his nose and knocking him senseless.  As he fell and tumbled to the ground, his helmet went flying into the darkness.
Panting for breath and ignoring the ache in his legs, he jumped up and threw himself into the battle.  Behind him, Nellan and the others charged into the screaming mob, hacking and slashing desperately.  The others inside the village closed the gate back up, trapping them outside.  
Jasson could only see the blurred, rabid faces of his enemies, illuminated by the bright orange flames back toward the beach.  He braced himself and fought them one at a time, cutting and swinging his bloody sword until his arm felt numb from the constant impacts.  His face was covered in blood, his hair caked with gore.  The bodies underfoot were like a carpet of death along the riverbank.  For each man he killed, another one immediately filled the void, a seemingly never-ending series of nameless enemies.
A warrior wielding a huge hammer swung it around.  Jasson braced himself, catching the blow on his shield.  It knocked the breath from his lungs and he flew backward, landing hard on his back.  His arm felt like it was broken, and he couldn't hold his shield up.  The warrior ran at him to deliver the killing blow, and then shrieked in pain, arching his back, his long hair whipping like a tail.  Jasson struggled to get up, and stabbed him in the stomach.  Blood spilled down the blade, splashing across his hand.
The man gurgled pathetically and dropped his hammer, two arrows jutting from his back.  Jasson rolled to his feet, lifting his shield in his throbbing arm.  His whole body felt like it was soaked in blood and sweat.  But he managed to get standing and ran to join the others, who managed to push the enemies back away from the east gate.
How long had it been since the warning bell rang?  It could not have been more than thirty minutes since Jasson had woken up, but it felt like hours and hours.  Every muscle and bone ached, and in the uncontrollable frenzy of battle left him dazed.  But hundreds of Tetharosan warriors remained, rushing along the shore and fighting to breach the walls of the village.  Jasson swallowed hard, tasting blood in his mouth, and ran to keep fighting.
He lost track of how many men he killed.  Fifty or a hundred, he had no idea.  After awhile, they were nothing but a constant blur of bodies, and he was decorated with their blood.  Men died screaming in every direction.  Soon, the sky began to grow gray with the light of early dawn, and the battle continued to rage.
Jasson ran forward, his feet splashing through puddles of blood in the sand.  All around him, there was the rush and clamor of bodies engaged in combat, swords ringing in the air and a swarm of arrows flying back and forth over their heads.
"The wall is down!" someone cried.  "They broke the wall!"
Jasson skirted the tree line at the edge of the beach and saw a group of Tetharosan archers lined up, taking shots at the archers on the wall.  For a brief moment, it seemed like they had made a visible dent in the enemy forces, and Jasson turned to see the main gate smashed down, a mass of bodies flooding through the narrow space.
He gripped his sword, grimacing in pain, and charged the archers.  He killed the first one before the others even knew he was there.  One of them panicked and fired an arrow at him from only about twenty feet away, and it ricocheted off his cuirass to graze his throat.  He took three steps and slashed his sword through the archer's bow, before he could get another shot off, and then ran him through, his sword poking out the back of the man's leather shirt.
The others turned in slow motion, raising their bows, and Jasson held his breath, ready to take as many of them out as he could.  But before any of them let loose with their arrows, there was a sound behind them, and Jasson watched in disbelief as a line of horsemen suddenly roared down the beach from the other direction.  The horses kicked up sand as they galloped straight in to the line of archers and the Grand Army soldiers riding them called out for victory, swinging their swords low and cutting the archers down almost all at once.
Jasson fell to his knees and brought his hand to his throat.  He was bleeding, but there was already so much blood, he couldn't tell which was his.
His sword and shield felt too heavy to lift, but he raised them and climbed to his feet, chasing after the horsemen.
"Jasson!  By the Father!"
Nellan was in front of him, staring in shock.  "You're alive!  Are you okay?"
He could only shake his head, barely able to talk.  He gestured to the gate and croaked, "Stop them, we have to ..."
"We're winning!" Nellan said.  "Come on!"
Around the other side of the gate, near the shoreline, a group of soldiers broke through the surging mob of Tetharosan warriors, while the mounted soldiers ran around them, cutting them down two and three at a time.  Columns of black smoke rose up from the village, but joining them now were trails of smoke from the burning ships along the shore.  Jasson had forgotten about the ships, but he spared a single glance at the sea, and noticed that at least four of them were half-sunk in the water.  Somehow, they had managed to stop the ships, although Jasson had no idea how.
He stumbled and fell to his knees again.  "I can't," he gasped.  "I can't do it anymore."
Nellan helped him up, slipping a strong arm around him.  He helped Jasson walk back to the riverbank, passing by more rushing soldiers.  "It's going be okay," Nellan said, "We're going to win, Jasson.  We've got them beaten."
"They're in the village," Jasson said.
"We're cutting them down as soon as they get inside."
Jasson shook his head, unable to think straight.  He noticed his shield was missing, he must have dropped it back at the beach and didn't even notice.
By the time they reached the east gate, Jasson felt strong enough to walk on his own.  They made their way back into the village and Nellan slapped him on the shoulder before running off to join the fighting back at the main gate.  There were some wounded men stretched out, including Barrin and Shord, who were injured earlier.  Some of the villagers were trying to help the wounded, tying rough bandages around slashed arms and legs, and giving them hard cider to try and dull the pain.
Jasson had the urge to stumble over and join them, but he wasn't injured yet.  The battle still raged despite what Nellan said, and he wasn't going to stop until he could no longer stand.
After another moment to catch his breath, he followed after Nellan.  As he approached the front of the village, he heard the sounds of battle once more, rising up like a deafening crescendo.   Walls of fire burned to his left, and as he ran past some houses, he skidded to a halt when movement flashed between them.  
There was a cry and a Tetharosan warrior, his face frighteningly tattooed with blue streaks, rushed out at him.  Jasson turned to avoid a downward slash of a serrated blade, and swung his own sword up to knock it away.  With no shield, he was forced to backpedal as the man wildly slashed left and right.  His training kicked in, and he braced himself, deflecting one of the strikes and then lunging to bury his sword in the man's chest.  He sputtered blood and the two of them collapsed to the ground.
Two more blue-faced warriors broke free from the battle ahead and ran at him.  One of them went down with an arrow sprouting from his neck, and Jasson staggered back just in time to avoid getting his head knocked off by the other.  
He swatted the man's axe aside and tried to regain his footing.  He barely managed to get his legs under him before the Tetharosan warrior swung sideways and clipped Jasson right on the seam of his cuirass.  The leather straps snapped with a pop and it dangled half-open on his chest as he retreated backwards.  His sword clashed with the axe again and again, as both of them tried to gain the upper hand.  Jasson could have killed him easily before, but he was still too tired, and his sword arm was too slow.  He awkwardly swung his sword up, slashing the man's arm.  The barbarian shrieked and slammed down with all his might.  Jasson barely got his sword up to block it, but he wasn't strong enough, and the axe blade crashed down on his shoulder pauldron, sending spikes of pain down his left arm.
The Tetharosan warrior laughed maniacally, his eyes wild and sweat dripping from his chin, as he kicked Jasson in the chest, sending him sprawling.  Scrambling backwards, Jasson tried to get back on his feet, but his left arm was numb and he couldn't push himself up.  The Tetharosan growled something in his alien tongue and kicked at his legs, taunting him.  Jasson swiped at him desperately, keeping him back.
The foreigner raised his axe and swung down hard, and again Jasson barely managed to deflect it.  Instead of splitting his head in two, the axe blade smashed down on the edge of his left pauldron, breaking it right off its hinge.  The pauldron went spinning away and Jasson lurched sideways with the impact, fumbling up with his free hand to snag the axe handle.  His hand, slick with blood and half-numb, grabbed it and held on tight as the Tetharosan pulled back.
He lifted Jasson into a sitting position, and Jasson lunged his sword straight into the man's groin, twisting the blade as he did so.  The Tetharosan's eyes bugged out and he screamed, letting go of the axe and staggering backwards with blood spurting down his leather pants.  Jasson rolled onto his side to try and get back on his feet, pushing up with his sword arm until he was on his hands and knees.   The Tetharosan gibbered frantic nonsense, babbling as he pressed his hands down over the bloody wound.  
With a terrible cry, he yanked a long knife from his belt and lunged.  Jasson turned, swung his blade up, and nearly decapitated him in one stroke.  The body sailed to the side and fell to the dirt, the knife flying from its dead grip.
The act used up the very last of his strength.  Jasson fell to his knees and then collapsed onto his side, the sword slipping from his hand.  The sky above him was full of smoke and flickering embers, and his ears were growing deaf to the sounds of combat.  It was a never-ending cacophony of shouts and screams and the clang of clashing weapons, the sounds washing over him like waves.
Jasson had no idea how long he lay there.  It might have been a minute, it might have been an hour.  His mind was reeling and his entire body ached.  He wondered distantly if he had been wounded after all, and the utter fatigue he felt was due to the fact that he was slowly bleeding to death.
"No!" he heard a voice cry out, nearby.  Heavy footsteps stomped over to him and Nellan's face suddenly appeared.  "Jasson!"
"I'm here," he whispered.  "I can't ? I can't fight any more."
"Come on," Nellan grunted, lifting him up.  He hooked Jasson's limp arm over his shoulder and hauled him up like a sack of grain.  "Let's get you to safety.  We're winning the fight, Jasson, we're pushing them back.  It's going to be okay."
"I'm too weak to fight ..."
"It's okay!  You did everything you could, I know!"
"How can you keep fighting like this?"
Nellan dumped Jasson down beside some more wounded men.  Immediately, a elderly village woman, her face streaked with ash, handed him a cup of water and tried to check him for wounds, but he pushed her away with a weak hand.
"I'll be right back," Nellan said.  "We're going to defeat them, just you wait and see.  Get some rest, Jasson, you earned it."
"Nellan," Jasson said, but Nellan was already gone.
The village woman leaned over him.  "Where are you hurt?"
But Jasson didn't bother to reply, he slumped back and closed his eyes, letting himself slip into unconsciousness.
Chapter Twenty Two
Funeral

Dark gray clouds hung low in the sky, sending down sheets of cold rain.  Alona huddled and shivered in her dark blue dress, a black shawl draped over her shoulders.  One of the servants held a small umbrella over her head, but it did little good.  Her hair and face were mostly dry, but everything below her neck was soaked with rain.  She closed her eyes and tried to ignore the terrible weather, although in some way she found the rain strangely appropriate.
Beside her stood Jasamina and Yalania, both of them silent, their heads bowed.  More servants stood around with umbrellas, doing their best to keep the rain off.  Minsha stood some distance behind them on the edge of the rear porch, partially protected by the veranda.  Also in attendance were some of Oalun's personal employees and assistants, such as Rathan and his nephew Davrey.  Most of Oalun's associates and other friends had also chosen to attend the ceremony, although most of them stood safely inside the house or on the porch, well out of the rain.  The only ones to face the weather were Oalun and his immediate family and servants.
Evalene lay on a raised wooden platform, dressed in white, her body draped with bouquets of flowers.  They had tried to use makeup to restore her skin to a healthy shine, but as rain dripped down the sides of her face, her skin looked a sickly yellow color.  She was so thin, she was almost unrecognizable.
Two days earlier, Evalene had succumbed to a cancer growing in her stomach that Oalun's physicians could not cure.  For almost six months, she had been bedridden, barely able to eat or drink, wracked by constant pain and violent seizures.  Her death came as a relief as far as Alona was concerned.
Oalun stood up on the platform, his arms folded in front of him, hands hidden in the sleeves of his purple cloak.  For this part of the funeral ceremony, no servants could come near, so Oalun stood alone, drenched by the rain, staring down at the body of his second wife.  He and Evalene were married for nearly eighteen years.
Alona tried to read his expression, but as usual, she was unable to figure out what he was thinking.  Years of hiding his emotions and thoughts from his fellow politicians in the Grand Palace had eventually turned it into a habit, even in moments like this.  His face was calm and impassive, and utterly unreadable.  As water dripped from his nose and eyebrows, Alona wondered if he was crying or not, but it was impossible to tell.  She had never seen him cry.
When Alona was a little girl, she attended the funeral of her grandmother, and it had poured down rain that day as well.  Later, her mother said that all funerals should take place in the rain, so the dead could not see the tears of the living.  Alona felt that it might as well be raining, so that she felt as uncomfortable on the outside as she did on the inside.
Funeral ceremonies in the north were full of long speeches and eulogies to the dead, and any member of the village come say some words of remembrance.  But here in Samorath, the tradition was one of silence.  The family and closest friends of the deceased would gather around and stand in silence to offer prayers and thoughts to the Mother and Father.  It was a time for reflection and introspection, and a chance to remember the life that was no more.  
Alona had to confess, to herself at least, that she had never known Evalene terribly well.  They were friendly to each other since they were both married to the same man, but Evalene was always reluctant to discuss her background or really talk about herself.  She spent most of her time engaged in her paintings or poetry readings, and in the five years Alona had shared a home with her, she could barely remember any real personal conversations they had ever shared.  There was a sad irony in that, she thought.
Oalun gestured to the head servant Fostrus, who then hurried around the side of the house, his feet splashing noisily in the muddy grass.  He returned moments later carrying a torch that flickered and fizzled.  Oalun stepped off the platform to take the torch, and then turned to face his other wives.
"It is time," Jasamina whispered.
Oalun stuck the flames down through an opening in the wooden beams underneath Evalene's body, and held it there until the bundled scraps of wood and paper caught fire.  Flames curled up around the edges of the platform, and Oalun stepped back, dropping the torch into a puddle at his feet.  Within seconds, long fingers of flame erupted around Evalene's body, and soon after, the entire pyre was engulfed.  Before the ceremony, they added oil to the kindling to make sure it burned, and now even the intense rain couldn't extinguish the roaring blaze.  It sparked and sizzled, billowing out choking black smoke.
Oalun watched the fire for a few long moments, and then walked over to his other wives.  "Come on, let's go inside," he said gently, taking Jasamina's hand.
They returned indoors, greeted solemnly by the other mourners who had come to pay their respects, although Alona knew very few of them personally.  Most of Oalun's associates were strangers to her, except for people like Rathan who came to the house frequently.
Oalun let himself be drawn into the main living room under a flood of condolences and sad tidings.  He left wet footprints and a trail of water behind him, which the servants quickly tried to clean up.
"Jasamina," Yalania said.  "We should change clothes."
But the older woman just shook her head, her sagging cheeks swaying with the motion.  "No, it's okay, dear.  You go ahead, I'll stay here for now."
Minsha came forward and said, "I'll stay as well."  Jasamina reached out for Minsha's outstretched arm, and they walked forward after Oalun.
Alona walked out of the room, through a crowd of people who politely moved aside to let her by.  A pair of servants tried to follow her, but she waved them off.  She wanted to change into dry clothes as soon as she could.  The dress stuck to her skin and clung to her curves, and the cold rain had given her goosebumps and made her nipples hard, which were now visible through the fabric.  Looking like that was not appropriate for a funeral at all.
When she reached her bedroom, she shut the door behind her.  Shivering again, she stripped out of the soaked dress, tossing it on the floor in a wet heap.  She kicked off her sandals and pulled off her thin underclothes and then took a towel from her closet to dry off.  The lower half of her long brown hair was dripping wet, so she wrapped the towel around it and sat on the edge of her bed.  Rain dripped in from the narrow horizontal windows even though the shutters were closed.
There were only four wives now, she thought.  Oalun had not taken another wife since she married him five years before, even though Jasamina and Yalania occasionally asked him to do so.  Now that Evalene was gone, perhaps Oalun would take another wife, but Alona doubted it.  Oalun had no more interest in marriage.
There were still no children.  Alona was Oalun's final attempt to find a woman to bear him a son or daughter, so it seemed there was no reason for him to find another wife.  When Alona failed to ever get pregnant, Oalun apparently gave up.  At first, she blamed herself, but that was a foolish reaction.  For whatever reason, the Mother had decreed that Oalun would remain childless, and so it was.
As she wiped her hair, she took a small looking glass off the bed table and looked at her reflection.  Her gold and green eyes looked back at her, as lovely and gorgeous as ever, or so people repeatedly told her.  She didn't think she looked so different, but she knew that five years under Samorath's bright sun had given her skin a brownish tint, and she caught glimpses of tiny wrinkles around her eyes sometimes.  When she first came to the capital, she was toned and even muscular from working in the village all her life.  But she no longer did any sort of physical labor, and she knew she had lost most of her muscle tone.  Where she once saw the firm outline of her bicep, she now saw just flabby skin on her upper arm.  Where once she saw tight and toned legs and thighs, she now saw pudgy wrinkles of fat.  She was only twenty-one years of age, and already she could see the effects of time.  Her face was not quite so fresh and bright, her stomach not quite so flat and toned, her breasts not quite so firm and pert.
She sighed and set the mirror back down.  It was time for her to be back out there, so she dressed in a modest, formal gray gown and black slippers.  Giving her hair a quick brush, she went back out and rejoined the guests.
Yalania returned a few minutes later, in a dry black dress.  Jasamina was still dripping wet as she stood beside Oalun, speaking to one of the other Administrators, although Alona couldn't recall his name.  Sometimes they held banquets and formal dinners at the house, and other Administrators and high-level officials sometimes stopped by, so Alona knew who a few of them were.
There was a brief rumor that the King himself might attend the funeral ceremony, but he was not there.  Alona wished that he was, so she could get the chance to see him again.  She had only ever met him that one time.  It didn't really matter, as she was sure that he would never remember her anyway.
Finally, Oalun and Jasamina departed to change their clothes, leaving his other three wives to speak with the guests and keep the occasion going smoothly.  Alona chatted with some strangers and greeted a few friends, speaking kindly about Evalene and telling some nice stories about her, although she had few enough of those.  Thankfully, Yalania filled any storytelling gaps, letting Alona handle other topics of conversation.  Some of Evalene's paintings were arranged around the main room and few people were looking at them, admiring her artistic skill.
A servant held out a tray of drinks, and Alona took one gladly.  She was tired of speaking already, and took a sip to give herself a short break.
Davrey appeared beside her, taking a drink off the tray as well.  He was dressed in a sleek, fashionable black overshirt with a white collar and black trousers.  "Alona," he said smoothly, nodding at her.  "It's good to see you again."
"It's been too long, Dav.  Where is Hanya?"
"Over there, talking with Sergeant Pashivan."
When Alona first met him, Davrey was a handsome boy with a sly smile and the confident attitude of a nobleman, despite being a simple messenger boy for Oalun.  But since then, he had grown into a dashing young man with a quick wit and good prospects for promotion.  He and Hanya had been married for two years now and had an eight-month-old daughter.
"I heard you may be chosen as the new supervisor for the Imperial Stables."
"That's the rumor," Davrey said with a grin.  "But I'm not really interested in doing that, to be honest."
"You would turn down a promotion like that?"
"I'm looking for something better.  My uncle is trying to get me accepted as an assistant governor somewhere in Thonelis.  There are a few openings.  We're hoping that the Administrator will give me one of them, or at least put in a good word for me."
"That's wonderful, Dav.  But that means you won't be here in Samorath anymore," Alona said with a sad note in her eyes.  "I'll miss seeing you and Hanya."
"We might be able to travel back here once or twice a year," Davrey said with a shrug.  "But I can't turn down an opportunity like that.  You know, the Administrator himself started out as an assistant governor.  Maybe I'll follow in his footsteps and become an Administrator as well."
"Administrator Davrey.  I like the sound of it."
"So how have you been lately?  Are you still watching the stars?"
"Sometimes, but not like I used to.  I think I've learned all I can learn about the stars.  Now I just look at them for pleasure."
Davrey nodded and sipped his drink.  "Did you hear that the King hired some scholars to chart the course of the stars?  From what I heard, they have mathematical formulas that can predict where the stars will be each season."
"I've heard something of that, but I'm not smart enough to understand it."
"Sure you are," Davrey teased.  "The Administrator told that you're pretty good with numbers and figures."
"Maybe, if he says so.  I'm not exactly a scholar yet."
She heard one of the servants call out that someone had just arrived, and she glanced out the front windows to see a large gold carriage pull through the front gates and swing up in front of the house.  A few servants went out with umbrellas to help the new visitor into the house, as the rain was still coming down.  As the carriage came to a stop, two more horses followed it through the gates, carrying black-cloaked riders.
"Go tell Oalun that Ambassador Dosha Sallan has arrived," Alona said to one of the servants.  She asked Davrey's pardon and hurried to the front doors.  Most of the other people in the house had already gathered around the front windows to see.
The carriage tilted a bit as a heavyset man in a flowing red and gold robe opened the door and came down the steps.  His skin was so dark brown it was almost black, and he was adorned with golden jewelry.  Even the long black braid of hair hanging down his back was tied with golden chain.  The servants attempted to shield him with the umbrellas, but he seemed not to mind the rain as he walked forward up the paved drive.
Yalania was already there to greet him.  "Ambassador!" she said warmly.  "It is so good to see you again.  Thank you for coming."
"I wish to pay my respects," Dosha Sallan Koshin Kasvarosh said, taking Yalania's tiny white hands in his huge black ones.  He had a friendly, round face and eyes the same color as Minsha's.
For the past two years, Dosha had lived in Samorath as the Official Ambassador of the Darvosh Empire, the first man to claim such a title.  Rumor had it that Oalun was instrumental in establishing the first early diplomatic ties between Arvia and Darvosia, and since then Dosha had made time to visit Oalun's home on a few occasions.  Many of the others had never met him in person, though, and Alona caught a few hushed whispers as she opened the doors to let him in.
Yalania ushered him inside to get out of the rain and announced him to the people gathered there.  Dosha gave a short bow and put his hand on his heart.  "I was grieved to hear of your family's loss.  I am honored to count Administrator Oalun among my closest friends, and the loss of one of his family wounds me as deeply as the loss of one of my own.  Please accept my most sincere condolences."
"Thank you," Yalania said.  "Evalene's passing wounds us all."
Dosha turned to see Alona and took her hand.  "I am so sorry for your loss.  But remain strong, my friend Alona," he said softly.  "Today is a sad day, but with any luck, tomorrow will be bright once more."
"Thank you," she said.
Minsha was there as well, and Dosha could not help but smile as he walked up to her.  "Ah, my friend Minsha, even in such sad times as these, you can bring warmth to my heart.  It is good to see you again."
"It is good to see you too," Minsha said.  "Thank you for coming."
In reply, Dosha slipped into his native tongue, and said something in the heavy, rolling Darvosh language.  Minsha grinned a little and spoke in kind.  Alona had asked Minsha long ago to teach her some Darvosh words, but so far all she knew were simple things like "yes" and "thank you."  She couldn't follow their quick dialogue at all.
"May Union bless her spirit," Dosha said, and then he slipped away to mingle with the other guests, who clamored around for a moment with the enigmatic Ambassador from a foreign land.  Yalania took charge of the introductions, leading him into the crowd.
Minsha walked to the door as the two riders in black cloaks approached.  They shook off the rain and came inside as well, but the other guests paid them hardly any attention.  The first rider dropped her hood to reveal a spiky blonde mohawk and golden piercings along her throat.
Truth be told, Alona was frightened of Dosha's personal bodyguard Sheldara, but she tried not to let her discomfort show.  Sheldara was a woman like no other, she was harsh and fierce and ruthless, and she carried weapons as easily as other women might carry cooking utensils.
Minsha, however, gave a wide smile and put her arms around Sheldara's muscular shoulders in greeting.  They kissed each others' cheeks and spoke quickly in Darvosh before switching back to Arvian.  "They told me you returned to Yaravasha," Minsha said.
"Yes, for a few days.  But my work is here now," Sheldara replied, handing her dripping cloak to one of the servants.  "I have offered myself to Lord Dosha's service permanently."
"Congratulations," Minsha said.
The other rider was a man named Kovan, a Darvosh like Sheldara and a former gladiator like her as well.  He was lean and sinewy, with dark eyes and nine piercings on his throat, compared to Sheldara's sixteen.  He nodded politely to Minsha and Alona, but refrained from speaking.  As far as Alona knew, Kovan didn't speak Arvian at all.
By the time Oalun and Jasamina returned to the main room, Dosha had become the center of attention.  Now that the formal funeral ceremony was over, the mood had slowly lightened until now it seemed like a casual get together instead of a somber occasion.  The free-flowing glasses of wine and cider probably helped everyone relax, although Alona chose not to drink any.  Even after five years, she still had not grown accustomed to the taste of wine.
She sighed to herself and stayed out of the way.  Oalun was smiling a little bit, surrounded by his friends and peers, with Jasamina on one arm and Yalania on the other.  They talked about Evalene and then the conversation shifted to other matters, current events, and gossip.
Sheldara and Kovan merged into the crowd like shadows.  There was very little chance of Ambassador Dosha possibly coming to harm in a place like this, but they took their duties seriously.  After all, there were some minor officials and politicians in Samorath who hated the Darvosh and sought to end the diplomatic ties between the two nations.  Decades of mutual distrust couldn't be brushed away in a few years, it seemed.
"You look tired," Minsha said, sneaking up beside her.
"It's been a long day.  I'll be relieved when it's over.  Maybe now we can all start to move on with our lives."
Minsha slipped her arm into Alona's and leaned against her.  "I know it is terrible to say, but I am happy that Evalene is gone.  She was in so much pain.  I can still hear her crying at night."
"No, you're right," Alona said softly.  "Maybe she'll be at peace now.  I hope the Mother takes mercy on her."
"May Union bless her spirit."
"Sometimes I wonder if she was ever truly happy being married to Oalun."
"She was not," Minsha said.  "But we should not speak of such things now that she is gone.  Evalene was a gentle spirit.  May her next life be a happier one."
Alona nodded.  Although she understood some of Minsha's curious religion, she had never asked for details about the mysterious god known as Union that the Darvosh worshiped.  Religion, Alona felt, was a personal thing and not a topic that needed to be discussed.  
Most of her life, she just accepted the existence of the Mother and Father, the supernatural beings who created the universe and separately gave life to women and men before joining them together in harmony.  But back then, she was so sheltered, so ignorant of the real world, it was easy for her to just accept what her family told her.  It wasn't until she came to Samorath that her simple beliefs began to fall apart as she learned more about the world.  Seeing the kind of misery and pain that humanity could inflict upon itself shook her already flimsy religious views.  
There were beggars in some parts of the city who starved in the streets, while wealthy noblemen and politicians ate their supper from plates made of gold.  It was more than enough to make her doubt that the Mother and Father watched over mankind like she was taught.  She once believed that men and women were created to live in harmony, but Minsha's sad background made it hard for Alona to believe in such a simple worldview.  However, she often found herself speaking to the Mother and Father in her thoughts, as if it was merely a habit she couldn't seem to shake.
"Thank you, all," Oalun said, his voice carrying over the crowd.  "Thank you for your kindness and your support in this difficult time.  May my wife Evalene meet the Mother and be admitted into Heaven, and may her angel look down on us and smile."
"To Evalene," Jasamina said, raising her glass.
"To Evalene," everyone replied in unison, even Alona.  
Chapter Twenty Three
Aftermath

There were dead bodies everywhere, the entire beach was full of them.  Oskern had never seen so many corpses in his entire life, and he hoped he never saw that many again.  Now that the sun was up, they were already beginning to smell, or maybe he was just imagining it.  Soon, the flies and insects would come in force, and Oskern hoped to have the dead burned by then.
The main gate to Bakk was gone, destroyed in the battle, but there were already men hammering together sheets of lumber to replace it.  The sound of the hammers was a nice distraction from the sound of wounded men screaming in pain, which Oskern had heard more than enough of already this morning.
"It's a miracle they held the fort," Horunus said, his voice raspy and tired.  Neither he nor Oskern had gotten much sleep.  He climbed down from his horse as well and ran a hand through his blonde hair, barely touching the long red scratches that stretched from his chin to his temple.  During the fight at Fort Tagon, a spiked mace had nearly bashed his head in.  The deep scratches were evidence of how close death had come. 
"How many men do you think they sent?  Two thousand at least?"
"Something like that," Oskern said, looking around.
"I can't believe they managed to hold off so many."
"They wanted the river.  They sent the Spike against us just to keep us busy while they burned Bakk to the ground."
"Looks like they almost succeeded," Horunus said, nodding at the burned walls.  
"Let's go talk to Edrigo and see what's going on."
They handed their mounts over to a young soldier with his arm in a crude sling, thanking him for his help, and walked into what remained of Bakk.  The ground was covered in blood for fifty feet in every direction.  Half of the buildings surrounding the main yard were nothing but smoldering ash.  A wide section of wall facing the sea off to his right was gone.  Everywhere, villagers were trying to clean up the remains with grim, determined looks on their faces.  Oskern could hear women wailing somewhere, mourning their dead husbands or sons.  The heavy feeling of death was visible everywhere, like a dense fog the survivors had to wade through.  
But at least it seemed that there were a large number of survivors.  Fort Tagon to the north had not been nearly so lucky.  While the foreign warriors from Tetharos descended upon Bakk, a huge force of North Spike raiders launched their assault on Tagon.  They swept in from both sides, and dozens of them managed to scale the walls before the alarm sounded.  By the time the soldiers of the Grand Army raised their swords in defense, more than half of the villagers were already dead.  
The only thing that saved Tagon from falling to the invaders was military discipline.  The gate up to the Fort itself was closed and closely guarded, as Oskern always insisted it be.  The Spike raiders never succeeded in breaking through to the Fort, despite hours of fighting.  When the battle finally turned, a small number of Spike raiders gave up the fight and escaped, leaving hundreds of their dead behind.  By the time Oskern and his troops finally took control of the entire village, almost every single civilian was dead.  The blacksmiths, the cooks and serving girls, the servants and other workers, they were all dead.  The raiders had killed them all.
But Fort Tagon, like Fort Bakk, had not fallen.  The attack that they had been waiting for and dreading for so long finally took place, and they came out of it victorious.  But as Oskern walked through the remains of Bakk, he wondered if victory achieved at such a cost could really be called a victory at all.
He was almost emotionally numb to the scenes of death and agony.  Part of him wished he could have just stayed in Tagon, but he came to Bakk to take stock of what happened.  He needed to see it with his own eyes.  Messengers were already on their way to Samorath, but he would have to write a more detailed report very soon.  The King needed to know how many men the Grand Army had lost today, and Oskern had to be the one to count them.
The wounded were laid out on blankets and wooden litters, lined up in rows.  Some of them were minor cuts and other injuries, and some of them would likely be dead by the end of the day.  Normally, when he visited Bakk, the men lined up to salute him and welcome him to the fort, but not today.  There were more important thing to take care of.
Oskern made a note that not a single wounded Tetharosan was taken prisoner.  Their enemy, it seemed, fought to the death.  He would have liked to have a few of them to interrogate, but as far as anyone could tell, none of the Tetharosans spoke Arvian.  It didn't matter, because they captured half a dozen Spike raiders and were going to wring them for every drop of information they could.
A familiar face was waiting for him at the bridge to the fort.  Dashelus looked weary, his pants and shirt still dotted with blood.  
"Dash," Oskern said, shaking his hand.  "It's good to see you made it."
"And you, sir.  I can't say how relieved I am that you and Horunus are here.  I haven't heard anything from Tagon yet," Dashelus said expectantly.
Oskern nodded to himself.  "I'm afraid we lost Mardos.  Bastro and his son were killed as well.  Tramelus lost an eye, but he survived."
A wince of pain shot across Dashelus' face, but he kept steady.  He had already lost friends and comrades in Bakk, and now more bad news.  "What about Jannick?" he asked.
"Jannick fractured his arm, but he'll recover.  He always does."
"Shianne?"
"She's fine, I left her in charge."
Dashelus sighed and slumped his shoulders.  "Well, at least we still have some of our Sergeants to take command.  We're going to need all the people we can get."
"You've got that right," Oskern said.  "Where's Captain Edrigo?"
"In the fort.  I'll take you to him."
"He was wounded?"
"Unfortunately, yes," Dashelus said, leaving it at that.
When Oskern saw what remained of the fort, he was at a loss for words.  It was impossible to see from the village, but the fort was nothing but a burned-out husk.  Standing in the middle of the central yard, Oskern and Horunus could look right out into the ocean, because the entire western wall was gone.  Blackened beams jutted from the rocky shore where the wall had collapsed.  The main barracks building was a charred ruin, and so was the southern wall facing the river.  Oskern just stood and stared in disbelief at the destruction, amazed that anything remained.
"By the Father," Horunus whispered.  "How did you manage to keep the whole fort from burning down?"
Dashelus shrugged.  "I have no idea.  Maybe the Father was watching out for us.  Maybe we just got lucky."
He led Oskern and Horunus into the main fort office, which was somehow still standing.  A few soldiers hurried back and forth, trying to salvage whatever they could from the barracks and relaying messages from the Captain.
"... and torches along the shore, we should have done that a long time ago," Edrigo was saying to one of his squad leaders when Oskern entered the room.
He was propped up a long table with a bunch of blankets folded underneath him to help him sit upright.  His skin, normally dark and tanned, was strangely pale and sickly, shining with a heavy layer of sweat.  Edrigo turned a weary head to Oskern and nodded, lifting his arm slightly in an approximation of a wave.
"Commander, welcome to Fort Bakk.  Or what remains of it, anyway."
"Captain," Oskern said formally.  "I don't know what to say other than congratulations.  After what I've seen so far, it looks like you pulled off nothing less than a miracle.  If I had my way, I'd promote you to General right this minute."
"I can't take all the credit," Edrigo said, smiling.
His left bicep was wrapped in bandages, as was his right thigh.  The table underneath him was stained with blood, some of which dripped onto the floor.  Gray bandages circled his broad chest, where a huge bloody mark was still visible just below his heart.  Oskern looked hard at the bandages and then met Edrigo's eyes, choosing to say nothing.  The few soldiers still in the room took the hint and quickly departed, leaving just Edrigo, Oskern, and Horunus.
"Don't worry about me.  It's just some scratches," Edrigo said, his voice sounding as strong as ever, despite how bad he looked.  "Can you believe they had the nerve to shoot four arrows into me?  As if some little pokes like that would slow me down."  He swallowed and looked down at the bloody stain on his chest.  "Although, I will admit they did sting a bit."
"Four?"
"They got me in the leg twice, almost in the same spot.  The physician said it's a miracle the arrows didn't strike my leg artery.  If they had, I wouldn't be here talking to you right now."
"Where's the physician now?"
"I sent him away," Edrigo said, waving his arm.  "Once he patched me up, I told him to go help somebody else.  We got enough wounded men out there."
"How bad are your losses?"
"Can't say for sure yet, but I've lost about half of the men serving under me.  Probably more than that.  I'm not sure about the civilians.  Tell me about Fort Tagon."
Oskern did so, and he watched Edrigo's face tighten up and go even more pale at the news.  It was plain that he hoped Tagon had fared better.
"But you made it," he growled.  "We both made it.  They sent everything they had against us, and we fought them off.  Each and every man who died today, died a hero."
"How did you manage to keep them from taking the fort?" Oskern finally asked.  "There's two and a half thousand dead barbarians out there.  They must have outnumbered you two to one."
"My men on duty caught sight of the ships in time to raise the alarm.  That's what saved us.   Otherwise we'd all be dead right now.  Their plan worked in Tagon, but they landed their ships too close to us and we spotted them.  They wanted to make a run down the river and brought their ships right where we could see them.  If I was a religious man, I'd say that the Father himself intervened.  They could have landed their ships half a mile down the beach and we would never have seen them coming."
Oskern's parents raised him to worship the Mother and Father, but his years of service to the Empire had dulled his religious convictions.  But seeing the aftermath of the battle in Bakk, and knowing how close they had come to utter defeat, made him wonder if maybe it was time to start praying more often.  In short, Edrigo and his men had only succeeded in holding the fort because the enemy had made a crucial mistake.
He rubbed the bridge of his nose, feeling sick at the thought.  "And we thought our defenses were solid.  We can't go back and change it now.  But I can't help but think that if we'd been better prepared, a lot more of our men would still be alive right now."
"We're in a vulnerable position here," Edrigo said.  "We've always known that.  But we never really knew how strong Tetharos was until now."
"Not strong enough, it seems," Oskern said.
"Most of them didn't even have armor," Edrigo scoffed.  "They're fearless fighters, sure, and they might have the numbers to overrun us.  But they have no discipline and no real training, as far as I could tell.  In a one-on-one fight, they're no match for a trained Arvian soldier."
"It doesn't look like they were interested in a one-on-one fight."
"No, but we killed them all just the same."
Horunus was still standing by the door.  Oskern turned to him and asked, "Any thoughts?"
"Not really.  Nothing you aren't thinking yourself.  Our priority right now is to rebuild as much as we can, and reorganize the defenses in case they come back."
"I've already sent men to take word to the capital.  I'm sure that you have as well," Edrigo said.
"Yes, we did.  We need supplies and we need more men.  Next time, they'll come with twice as many warriors, and we won't be able to stop them."
"That might be tomorrow, for all we know," Horunus added.
"Let's hope not," Oskern grumbled, rubbing his hand across his forehead.  "Edrigo, can you say for certain that none of them made it past you?  Did any of their ships make it down the river?"
"A few of them probably slipped by us right at the beginning," Edrigo said with a grimace.  "A few ships squeezed past the ballistas right before the fireball finally took them out, but we had our own ships on the move, and they -" 
"Fireball?" Horunus asked before Oskern had a chance to.
"Yeah, fireballs," Edrigo said.  "They hurled fireballs at us from their ships.  That's what started the fires.  A few of their ships had some kind of special catapult and they launched huge balls of burning oil at us."
"That explains all the damage to the walls," Horunus said to himself.
"Go on," Oskern said, although a hundred new questions crammed into his mind.  How could they have defeated an invading army capable of hurling enormous balls of fire?  More and more, he was astounded that Fort Bakk still stood.
"We caught up with them maybe a mile down the river.  Sergeant Rabin said they sunk five ships, but we lost three of our own.  I ordered them to sail all the way to Silvertown to make sure no enemy ships made it.  If they reach Silvertown, they'll travel to Samorath and give the King the news."
"Okay," Oskern said, "so they should get there in two days if they don't run into problems.  The big question I have now is how in the name of the Father did you sink the other ships, the ones shooting fireballs?"
"I ordered the ballistas to direct all their fire upon those ships.  I think there were only three of them.  We must have punctured one of the fireballs as they loaded it, because the entire ship exploded in flames," he chuckled.  "It must have ignited all their ammunition at once.  Their ships were too close together, and the fire spread to another ship right away.  That one went up in flames too."
"That's unbelievable," Horunus said.
Oskern nodded.  "Yeah, I agree."
Edrigo winced in pain, trying to shift his position on the table.  "They underestimated the range of our ballistas.  Or else they didn't even know we had ballistas.  Without them, the enemy would have kept launching fireballs until the entire fort was nothing but ash.  My ballista operators saved all our lives."
"None of them survived, did they?"
"No, the last catapult ship took them all out.  But by that time we had more of our own ships out past the rocks.  They managed to ram it and sink it before it got another shot off."
Oskern let out a long breath.  He wanted to sit down and get some rest, but there was little chance of that happening today.
Edrigo looked at him with a faint smile.  "We defeated them.  That's all that matters, isn't it?  Is there anything else you want to know?"
"Yes.  Are you going to be okay?"
"Sure, I'll be all right.  Give me a few days to heal up and I'll be back on my feet."
"I wasn't joking earlier about promoting you.  You should be a Commander."
"That can wait," Edrigo said, waving it off.  "First we should reorganize the troops and promote new squad leaders to replace the ones we've lost.  Maintaining order and keeping up morale has to be our top priority."
Everything had to be a top priority, Oskern thought.  There were too many things to do for him to even consider.  Both Tagon and Bakk were practically in ruins and needed to be rebuilt as soon as possible.  They had to take stock of what supplies and equipment remained.  But before they did any of that, they needed to bury and mourn their dead.  The Grand Army had not fought a battle of this magnitude in years, and they had not lost this many soldiers in decades.  The weight of so much death and destruction felt like a knife in Oskern's chest, slowly stabbing him in the heart.
On his way out of the fort office, he ordered the soldiers to move Edrigo to a more comfortable location and keep him there until he was fully healed.  Edrigo needed weeks of time to recover from his injuries, no matter what he said.
"I'm putting you in charge here," he said to Horunus.  "You'll still officially report to Edrigo, but I don't want you to bother him if you don't have to.  Give the man some time to rest, he deserves all the time he needs."
Horunus nodded, expecting it.  He absently touched the gashes on his cheek.  "Are you returning to Tagon right away, then?"
"No, I'll stay and talk to the men.  Congratulate them for holding the fort.  They need some reassurance that everything is going to be okay."
"Is it?"
"No," Oskern said grimly.
Whether or not the Father himself had engineered their incredible victory, the fact remained that more than a thousand soldiers of the Grand Army, along with hundreds of other citizens of the Grand Empire, were dead, and those who remained were injured and weakened.  If Tetharos, or anyone else, decided to strike them again, there is no way they could hold off a concentrated attack.  It would take years to bring the forts back to full strength.
Oskern braced himself and waded through the rows of injured men, speaking to them and giving them words of encouragement.  However, giving wounded men a pep talk had never been his best skill as a Commander.  But it didn't really matter what he said.  He knew the men were just happy to see him there, joining them in their time of grief and also their time of victory.  Emotions ran high, and Oskern did what he could to keep the men thinking positive.  They needed to regain their confidence and build up their strength.
They would need that strength.  Oskern had a feeling that this was merely the first battle of the war to come.
Chapter Twenty Four
Union

Alona sat back and looked up into the pitch black sky, littered with tiny points of light.  It was late, and she was alone on the roof of the house.  After Evalene's funeral the day before, she felt she needed some time to stop and think, so she retreated to the roof to look at the stars and let her mind wander.  Stargazing was one of her hobbies that she had developed since coming to Samorath, since she had the free time for it.  Oalun even purchased a telescope glass for her, so she could see the moon and moving stars in more detail.  It was a wonderful device that she hadn't even known existed, but of course there is so much she hadn't known about when she was a simple village girl.
When she was young, she knew a few of the constellations, but her view of the night sky was always impeded by trees and mountains.  Now, she had a perfect view of the entire sky and time to study it.  It turned out that many of the constellations in the sky were the same here in Samorath, but they went by different names, as she thought they might.  The Lying Witch was called the Solemn Lady, the Brother was called the Night Watchman, and there were others.
She learned not only the constellations, but the individual stars as well.  She followed the moving stars as they traveled through the sky each night, and spent long hours watching the full moon, amazed at its texture and detailed surface.
She wondered if maybe she should look up the scholars that Davrey told her about, and maybe try to learn the math to understand the course of the stars.  She was pretty good with numbers, but the mathematicians in the Grand Palace used strange counting devices to calculate their sums, and Alona didn't think she was capable of doing that kind of math.  It seemed interesting, though.
She climbed down the narrow steps to the back patio and went inside, her thin white evening gown rustling around her ankles in the cool night breeze.  Everyone else was asleep except for a few servants, and the house was dark as well, illuminated only by moonlight.  Alona crept down the hallway in almost complete darkness, her fingers brushing against the walls until she reached her bedroom door.
Once inside, climbed gratefully into bed.  She didn't feel very tired, but it was nice to curl up in the blankets and lose herself in her thoughts.  Laying on her back, she breathed out a slow sigh and closed her eyes, letting her body relax.  
But she barely had time to even think about sleep before she heard her doorknob rattling and the door easing open.  Someone stuck their head into the room, framed by the faint light in the hall.
"Who is it?" Alona asked.
"Oh, good, you are still awake," came Minsha's voice.  She opened the door a bit wider and quickly snuck into the dark room.  "Can I stay with you?"
Alona smiled to herself and lifted up the edge of the blanket as an invitation.  "Sure, come on."
"Thank you."  Minsha moved through the darkness and crawled into the bed, sliding under the blanket.  She moved beside Alona and folded her arms under her head.  She was little more than a vague lump in the bed, her face invisible.  "I heard you come down from the roof, so I wanted to talk to you before you slept."
"It's okay.  I'm not really that tired."
"I know.  I cannot sleep either."
Alona rolled over onto her back.  She lay her arms down across her stomach.  Having Minsha crawl into bed with her was nothing out of the ordinary.  Minsha disliked being left alone, and Oalun rarely brought her to bed with him, so she frequently came into Alona's room where they talked and told stories into the night.  Ever since the day Alona had joined the family, she and Minsha had bonded because they both were strangers to life in Samorath, even if their lives were very different.  Alona now thought of Minsha more as a close friend than as one of Oalun's other wives.
Minsha sighed and shuffled in the bed.  "I am still thinking about Evalene.  Is there a true afterlife if you believe in the Mother and Father?  I do not think that Evalene followed your gods, or if she even believed in them.  I wonder if her spirit will go nowhere."
Alona didn't know either.  She didn't think Evalene had ever talked about the Mother or Father, or what she really believed.  She spent so much time by herself, Alona didn't know what she believed about a great many topics.  During the funeral, she realized that she didn't even know if Evalene had any siblings.  How could they have lived in the same household for five years and never shared that information?  She suddenly felt guilty, as if it was her fault that Evalene was so quiet and private.
"I don't know if there's an afterlife or not.  When you die, the Mother and Father take your soul and judge if you were good or bad in life.  If you were good, then you move on to Heaven, but I don't know what Heaven is."
"And if you were bad in life?"
"Then they send you down into nothingness, and your soul wanders until they let you into Heaven.  At least I think so."
"You are not sure?"
"I never really thought about it.  I mean, my parents raised me to believe and trust in the Mother and Father, but I guess they never told me specific things like that.  I think everyone believes what they want to believe.  Nobody knows what really happens when we die."
"You sound like you do not believe in them either," Minsha observed.
"Maybe I don't anymore."
"Do you want to know what the Union teaches about death?"
Alona fidgeted with her fingers, wondering about it.  She still believed that religion was a private matter, but since the funeral, she thought about it more and more.  If Minsha wanted to talk about it, then Alona decided she would listen.
"Yes, actually I do," she said.
Minsha cuddled a bit closer to her and spoke in a quiet voice, as if sharing a secret.  "We are all spirits.  Even in life, we are spirits in the real world.  When we die, our spirit leaves our body and enters the Crystal.  That is the center of the universe.  There, it joins with other spirits and becomes one with Union.  Then it returns to the real world to take life in a new body, with no memory of its previous life."
"So you mean our spirits used to be in other people that died?"
"Yes," Minsha said, nodding.  "Our spirits are immortal and all of us have lived many lives before this one.  Sometimes we can see memories from our spirit in our dreams."
"I like that," Alona whispered.
Minsha reached out and took Alona's hand.  "I want to pray to Union.  When someone dies, we should pray for them to be reborn in a life better than the one they left behind.  I want you to pray to Union with me, Alona.  We should do it for Evalene.  Please say that you will."
"Oh, Minsha, you know I can't do that with you."
Minsha crawled closer to Alona so they were right up against each other.  She held Alona's hand and intertwined their fingers.  "I know, I know you cannot perform a joining of Union with me.  I understand.  But you already said that maybe you do not believe in the Mother and Father.  Maybe this is a chance for you to think about Union.  We can pray to Union and give our hope that Evalene will be happier in her spirit's new life."
"Are you sure about this?  You can pray by yourself, can't you?"
"Yes, but it is always better to pray with two people.  That is what Union is.  Two people joined as one, whether it is in marriage, or in prayer, or in love.  Please Alona, just this once.  It is important to me."
Even as Alona slowly doubted more and more the religion that she grew up with, she could not understand Minsha's strange beliefs no matter how she tried.  It was not the first time that Minsha had tried to get Alona to participate in one of her prayers.  Neither Jasamina or Yalania would have anything to do with it, but Alona was closer with Minsha than they were.  
However, she always drew the line at joining Minsha in her religious observances.  For Minsha, prayer was more than just a solemn moment of silent introspection.  For her to truly pray to her deity, it required a sexual act, a physical union of two people.  Minsha rarely was able to perform her religious rituals, and Alona had always felt sorry about it, knowing that she couldn't help her.
"Please, Alona.  Just this one time.  I do not want to pray for Evalene alone."
"Okay," Alona whispered.  "Okay, I'll help you pray for her."
"Oh, thank you," Minsha said quickly, lifting Alona's hand to her mouth to kiss her fingers.  "Come, we can go to my room."
Minsha's room was smaller than Alona's but not by much.  Two small candles burned, giving off an oily aroma and flickering illumination.  Minsha took more candles out and lit them as well, setting them on the nightstand and on a shelf next to the wardrobe closet.  The room glowed in warm yellow light, reflecting off Minsha's large golden eyes and glinting off her dark skin.
She unrolled a thick fur mat onto the floor and then undid the strip of cloth that tied her long hair behind her head.  It fell down around her shoulders and she brushed her fingers through it.
"Okay," she said.  "When we pray to Union, we should be in our natural bodies, as we were when we were born.  I will take off my clothes.  If you do not want to, that is okay.  But I hope you will join me and give yourself to Union."
Minsha waited a moment and then slipped off the shoulder straps of her thin nightgown and let it fall to her feet.  With her bare foot, she kicked it away.  She let out a breath and closed her eyes.  The candlelight illuminated Minsha's body, and despite herself, Alona looked at her before turning away, embarrassed.  She felt foolish for being nervous.  She had seen almost all of her friends naked back in her home village when they bathed in the nearby pond.  She shouldn't feel awkward seeing Minsha naked either.
But this wasn't her home village anymore, and they weren't bathing in a pond.  Minsha went down on her knees and set her hands flat on her thighs.  The glowing candlelight gave her dark skin a rich brown color like polished wood.  She had a flat stomach and thick, muscular thighs with a heavy bush of black pubic hair between them.  Sweat glistened on her neck and chest, her breasts jutting out with dark oval nipples.
Alona knelt down as well, lifting the hem of her white gown and letting it fold around her knees.  She sat about two feet away, leaving a safe space in between them.  Minsha nodded, hiding her disappointment, and held out her hands.  Alona felt the soothing warmth of the candles, which quickly heated the small room, and could feel sweat on her skin as well.  She tugged at the nightgown where it stretched against her hips.
"Sorry," she said with huff of breath.  "I just feel nervous about this.  I don't know why I should be so worried."
"I think you are afraid to believe in Union," Minsha said softly, still holding out her hands.  "But you have come this far already.  Do not hold back now, Alona."
Alona made up her mind.  She bunched up the bottom of her nightgown and lifted it up above her head, letting her hair fall down against her bare back.  She set it aside and looked down at herself and the way the flickering light played shadows across her nude body.  When she dared look up, she found Minsha looking at her with a loving smile, her hands reaching out to her.
"You are a beautiful spirit, Alona.  Come closer and take my hands.  Then we will pray."
Alona scooted closer, until their knees were almost touching.  Minsha's hands were warm and soft, and they clasped their fingers together, resting their hands in the space between their knees.  
Minsha's voice was a low whisper, her lips barely moving as she spoke.  Alona had to strain her ears to listen to what Minsha said.  "Union, we are one with you.  We are one spirit together, and two spirits apart, joined in friendship and love.  We seek the power of Union, the gateway to the universal spirit.  Union, we are one with you.  We are one with each other."
"We are one with each other," Alona breathed.
She closed her eyes and tried to imagine what it would be like to be part of Minsha's religion.  Somehow, the idea of people repeating their lives and being reborn continuously was an appealing concept.  The Mother and Father implied some kind of purpose to the world.  If creation was a deliberate act, then why was the world such a terrible place so often?  If the Mother and Father were real, then they had done a poor job of making men and women united in existence.  But Union made no such claims of purpose of fairness.  People lived their lives and died and then started new lives, over and over again, always seeking better lives throughout eternity.
People born into bad lives frequently became bad people.  If they died and the Mother and Father judged them unworthy, they were sent to nothingness.  How was that fair?  People could not choose the lives they were born into.  Alona liked the idea that Union simply sent people back.  If they lived a bad life, they would not be punished for it, they would simply return to the world and live another life that hopefully would be better than the first.  The more she thought about it, the more she liked it.
Minsha's voice was like a slow chant, and Alona found herself mouthing the words to herself as Minsha spoke them.  The candles flickered in rhythm with her words.  "A spirit who lived the life of Evalene of family Tasla has come to you this day to enter the Crystal.  We are one with Union.  We seek the blessing of Union to give Evalene's spirit our energy, to send her spirit on its way to a better life in this world.  Please let her spirit find joy and happiness in its next life.  We are one with Union, we are one with Evalene, we are one with the world."
"We are one," Alona said.
"We seek the power of Union, the gateway to the universal spirit.  We seek the blessing of Union to give us strength, to give us hope.  Union, we are one with you.  The spirit of our friend Evalene is immortal and we pray that it finds a good life.  We are one with Union.  Our spirits are one together.  Our spirits are immortal."
"Our spirits are immortal."
"We seek your blessing, Union.  We seek your power and your strength.  Give us clarity in these troubled times.  We give our love to you.  We are one spirit within you.  We are one spirit."
"We are one spirit."
As the words crossed her lips, she began to feel lightheaded.  It felt like she was swaying back and forth, but she knew she was sitting still.  She opened her eyes and suddenly felt a wave of heat wash over her.  Sweat dripped down her neck, winding its way across her collarbone and down between her breasts.  She felt soaked with it.  The air in the room felt stifling, as if it was filled with smoke.
She could almost feel the sensation of her spirit leaving the body.  She breathed heavily, her mouth hanging open.  She thought she saw waves of an aura around her, but when she blinked and shook her head, it disappeared.  Her eyes swept across and she found herself staring at Minsha, who still spoke her prayer with her eyes closed.
Her body ached with the rush of conflicting emotions running through her head.  She had always been drawn to Minsha ever since they had first met, but she had never recognized that feeling as any kind of physical attraction.  She had never felt desire for another woman, but her eyes were locked on Minsha's firm body, the curve of her breasts, the line of her neck, the gentle pout of her lips.  Minsha was a gentle, sweet, wonderful woman, and Alona felt the ache of desire building inside her.  She wanted to lift her hands up and take Minsha in her arms.
"Union, we are one with you," Minsha said, no longer whispering, but still speaking in a low voice.  "We are joined here, joined with you.  We seek to feel the beauty and clarity of love, the blessing of Union.  Our bodies are one, our minds are one.  We seek to honor you with the love of our bodies."
Alona tried to shake her head, tried to pull her hands away.  Her mouth was dry, but everything else was wet.  She closed her eyes for just a moment, and almost moaned with the feeling of passion and desire flooding into her body.  She trembled, overcome with the heat and the power of Minsha's prayer.
When she opened her eyes, Minsha was staring at her.  Her eyes glistened like jewels, her body shining with sweat.  Minsha slipped her hands away from Alona's grasp and slid them up her thighs as she leaned forward.
"Minsha," she breathed helplessly.  "What's happening?"
"We are one with Union," Minsha whispered.  "Do not be afraid.  I can feel the love of Union flowing in you.  We are joined, Alona."
"But I don't ..."
Minsha sat up and placed her hands on Alona's bare shoulders.  There was nothing but pure love and emotion glowing in her eyes as she came closer.  She brought their lips together, placing a warm, gentle kiss upon Alona's open mouth.  Her hands caressed her neck, and she shifted closer, so their thighs touched.  Alona felt her own arms go slack as Minsha kissed her, slowly at first, and then with more intensity, pressing their mouths against each other.  Alona kissed her back, and felt Minsha's tongue slip inside her mouth.
Her hands slid up Minsha's body, across her hips, fingers lightly touching her stomach, and then she pressed a hand against Minsha's breast, her palm slick with sweat.  Minsha's skin seemed like it was on fire, and Alona realized her skin felt the same way.
Minsha pressed against her, pushing her back.  Alona tried to keep her balance, but soon rolled onto her back with Minsha crawling on top.  Alona moaned as Minsha pressed down, their breasts squeezing against each other.  She felt Minsha's nipples pressing against her skin.  Her kisses became more urgent, more passionate, eagerly engulfing Alona's mouth.  Her hands moved like snakes, slithering across Alona's body.  They pressed down on her thighs, easing her legs apart.  Minsha pressed her hips between Alona's legs like a man would, and her body reacted involuntarily, raising her hips to press closer against Minsha.
She panted for breath, heart pounding, hands wrapping around Minsha's shoulders to pull her tight.  She ached for release and tried to fight it, as if it was an alien force possessing her body and subverting her will.   Minsha smothered her, her kisses like a powerful drug.
Minsha's hand slipped down Alona's stomach and crept past her pubic hair.  Alona trembled and struggled with herself, gripping Minsha's shoulders to push her away.  As Minsha's fingers slid down between her legs to the wet folds of her sex, it ignited a fire with her.
She gasped in pleasure, but managed to fight off the unbearable temptation, pushing Minsha away weakly.  Minsha's fingers pressed down, lighting up another rush of pleasure.  But she fought against it and kicked away, pushing Minsha off.
"No, please, stop," she panted, covering herself up and sliding across the floor until her back was against the bed.  She squeezed her legs together, crossing an arm over her chest.  Her body tingled with pleasure and she yearned to touch herself to release the overwhelming desire.
"We can't do this," she said, closing her eyes tight and shaking her head in denial.  She felt tears roll down her cheeks. 
"Why not?" Minsha demanded, getting on her hands and knees.  "Who says we cannot love each other?  Why do you think it is so wrong?  You felt it, Alona, I know you did.  Why do you refuse to follow your heart?"
"It's just wrong, okay?  I'm sorry, but I can't do this."
"I love you.  I love you more than anyone in the world.  And you love me.  I know it is true."
"I love you as a friend," Alona said lamely.
"That is a lie you tell yourself."
"It doesn't matter," she insisted, wiping her cheeks.  "We can't do this, Minsha.  I don't feel that way about you.  It just isn't right."
"Why do you lie to yourself?  Why do you hide?"
"I'm not hiding," Alona said helplessly.  "Okay, I felt it.  Do you want me to say that I want to have sex with you?  Yes, I do, okay?"
Minsha sat up.  "I want you to tell me the truth.  Why are you so afraid?"
"I don't know, I don't know.  I've never felt this way before.  But you and I are married to Oalun and we can't make love to anyone else.  It would be wrong.  He's our husband and we have to be faithful to him."
"So why can our husband make love to all his wives, but we cannot make love to each other?  Oalun does not care what we do.  We are not being unfaithful."
Alona shook her head.  "It doesn't matter.  I just can't do this.  I thought maybe I could, but it feels wrong."
"You want to believe it is wrong," Minsha said gently.  There was no anger in her voice, no frustration or malice.  "But you feel it is right.  You must choose between what you want to believe and what you feel."
"I don't know what I feel."
Minsha came close to her and took her hand.  Alona was too weak to resist, but Minsha simply took her hand and pressed it against her own breast.  "You can feel my heart beating.  My heart that I will give to you.  I love you.  I want to be one with you."
"I love you too," Alona said, her lip trembling.  "I'm so sorry, Minsha."  She shut her eyes and fell forward, feeling the tears stream down her face.  Minsha embraced her and held her close as she sobbed and tried to gain control of her swirling emotions.  They sat together in the warm candlelight for a few moments, bodies pressed together but no longer in a sexual way.  Alona cleared her throat and rested her cheek on Minsha's shoulder.
"I'm so confused," she said softly.  "I never felt this way before.  I didn't even know I felt this way until tonight.  I don't know what to do anymore.  I mean, I want to ? I want to kiss you again, but I keep thinking it's wrong."
Minsha leaned back and wiped Alona's tear-streaked face.  She smiled at her and then placed a very gentle kiss on her forehead.
"I will ask you this," Minsha said.  "Do you love Oalun as a woman loves a man?  Do you feel desire for him?"
"No," Alona said, and it was true.  Oalun was a good husband and a close friend, and he had never done anything to hurt her.  But he was a mystery, he was a constant unknown.  Alona never felt passion with him, even when they were first married.  As a lover, he was cold and mechanical, and as a husband, he was distant and impassive.
"But if he took you to bed, you would make love with him.  Even though you do not love him, you would make love with him if he wanted you to."
"Yes, I would.  He's my husband."
"But you say you love me, and yet you will not make love with me.  You know it does not make sense to live that way.  Open your heart, Alona, please.  You do not have to be afraid anymore.  I am always here with you."
"Why me, Minsha?"
"Because you are a beautiful spirit.  You find the best in people, you bring out the best in people.  There is not an ounce of cruelty in your heart.  We have lived together for five years and every day I love you more."  She touched Alona's face and looked down at her lovingly.  "And your eyes are so beautiful.  I could stare into them forever."
Alona shut her eyes, feeling more tears blur her vision.  Oalun had said similar things to her before, complimenting her eyes as so many other people did, but when he said the words they were simple and  straightforward, just a compliment and nothing more.  He might as well have been reading the words off a sheet of paper.  But hearing it from Minsha was completely different, and the love in her tone stung Alona's heart.  There was truth and passion there, an emotional intensity that she had never heard before.  In all the years of people saying how beautiful her eyes were, this was the first time she actually felt true love behind the words.
How many times had she looked at Minsha and felt attraction for her?  And how many times had she simply denied her feelings?  She could remember clearly the day she had first met Minsha, and even then she had felt it, and always pushed it back, pushed it away, pretended that it didn't exist.  One glance and smile from Minsha always made her heart beat faster.  One stray glance of her thigh or her breast always made her nearly speechless.  All the times that Minsha had come into her room late at night and climbed into her bed, Alona had come to desire those private meetings without even realizing it.  How could she had lied to herself for all these years?
"Can you forgive me?" she whispered, staring at the floor.  "I've been so stupid.  All this time, I never knew it ..."
Minsha slid closer and very cautiously set her hand on Alona's knee.  "I always hoped that you would come to understand your own feelings, so I waited for you," she said, calmly stroking Alona's hair with her other hand.  "And I waited and waited, because I love you and I would not force you.  And I knew you loved me, but you could not admit it to yourself.  You have done nothing that needs to be forgiven.  You and I are here together now.  All I want is for you to open your heart."
"I will," Alona whispered, wiping her cheek with the back of her hand.  She sniffed and tried to smile a little.  "But you'll have to be patient with me.  I don't know how to do this with you."
"We are one with Union, and that is all we need."
She came close again and placed a kiss on Alona's lips, her hand sliding down the outside of  Alona's thigh.  The rush of passion and uncontrolled desire was no longer there, but Alona let herself relax and raised her own hand to touch Minsha's shoulder as their mouths explored each other, carefully and hesitantly at first, and then with increased energy.  Minsha was pressed against her, her skin still slick with sweat, and Alona's exploring hand found her breast, trembling at the touch.  Minsha touched her between her legs again, a shiver of passion shooting up her spine.  She gasped and pulled away, staring at Minsha's shining golden eyes as her hand rubbed down Alona's pubic hair.
"We will stop if you want," Minsha said.
Alona swallowed.  "No, I don't want to stop."
She took Minsha's face in her hands and kissed her again, more forcefully, kissing like she had never wanted to kiss another person.  They fell against each other and wound up on the floor, with Alona on top.  The feelings of lust and desire felt stronger now, flowing over her like the scent of the candles that were still burning on the ledge.  Eagerly, her hands explored Minsha's lithe body, her hips and thighs, her stomach and jutting breasts.  
"I love you," she breathed.  "I've always loved you."
"Yes, and I love you.  We are one, and we will never be separated."
"Teach me to love you.  I want to know what it feels like to make love for the first time."
Minsha brushed her hair out of her face.  "Let us get into bed.  We have all the time in the world now, you and I."
She got up and let Minsha lead her into the bed, falling down into the soft sheets.   Lying flat on her back as Minsha slid on top of her, she raised her legs and let Minsha's hands reach down to bring her the pleasure that she had foolishly denied herself for so long.
Much later, in the moments before sunrise, the two lovers lay with their arms wrapped around each other, the sheets tangled around their legs.  The candles, burned all the way to the bottom, flickered and went out.
Chapter Twenty Five
Recovery

"You're lucky you didn't lose your arm, boy," the physician said, prodding at Jasson's bruised shoulder.  Jasson was seated on a bench, shirtless and still stained with blood, his broken cuirass in a pile on the ground beside him.  Running down from the top of his arm across his collarbone was a dark blue bruise from where the axe had struck him.  The physician was a scrawny old man with graying hair and missing teeth, but he knew what he was doing.  He rubbed his grizzled chin and nodded.  "He hit right at the edge of the plate and that's what snapped off the shoulder piece.  If he'd aimed a bit to the right, it would have taken off your arm.  You're a lucky boy."
"Yeah," Jasson muttered, looking away.  Aside from he bruised shoulder, his only injury was a thin cut on the side of his throat, which had already scabbed over.
More than a hundred wounded men lay stretched out on the ground, or filling the benches and tables where they normally ate their meals.  Some, like Jasson, were minor injuries.  Bruises, minor cuts or stab wounds, maybe a fractured bone or twisted muscle.  Almost every man who had fought in the battle had come through it with some kind of injury.  Seated at one of the other benches, Nellan was getting bandages wrapped around a deep gash on his forearm.  Aldus was on his feet, talking with Ralanna, a long cut across his brow that dripped blood across his face.
It was hard to focus with all the screaming.  Jasson had to shut his mind and try not to listen to the men crying out in agony.  They were the ones who might not survive.  The ones struck with arrows, or with deep stab sounds, or severed limbs.  Those men were laid out on blankets, being treated as much as they could with the medicine at hand.  In many cases, that medicine consisted of little more than strong cider to dull the pain.  Sometimes, that was all they could do.
The physician walked over to the next man, and Jasson stared off into nothingness for a few minutes before reluctantly picking up his damaged armor and blood-soaked shirt and getting to his feet.  His arms felt like they were tied down with weights, and his head throbbed with a dull ache that would not go away.  But as he surveyed the growing crowd of wounded men, he knew that he had gotten off incredibly easy.  
He walked like a zombie through the rows of wounded men, his brain trying to make sense of the battle.  Even now, he barely remembered most of it.  The constant rush of enemies blurred together until he felt like he had only really fought a few men, when he knew it must have been dozens.  He still didn't know where his shield was.
He found himself near the small house he shared with Kateesha, and walked inside to change his clothes and drop off his broken armor.  Right after the battle, he found her in the village and they shared a quick embrace, but there had not been time for anything else.  They both just needed to know that the other was alive and safe, that was all that mattered.  Later, when they were done with all the painful work of cleaning up the aftermath of the battle, then they could see each other.  Jasson vaguely recalled telling her to remain in the house and to lock the door, but that was a foolish hope.  She couldn't stay and hide any more than he could.  Bakk was her home too.
Using a bowl of water and a stiff rag, he washed his face and neck, scrubbing away all of the dried blood that still remained.  It was in his hair and even in his ears.  He had the urge to go down to the river and bathe, but it didn't seem like the right time.  When he was reasonably satisfied that he was clean, he donned a new shirt and returned outside, leaving his sword belt on.
A few men were still walking the walls, but Jasson couldn't imagine that there was anything else going to happen today.  He didn't know how they could still wear their armor and wield their weapons after so much fighting already.  But even at a time like this, Captain Edrigo ordered that men remain on guard.  Jasson had agreed to work guard duty in the morning, but he couldn't bear the thought of doing it right now, so soon after the battle.
He made his way among the wounded and found Kredan stretched out on a cot near the remains of the burned-out houses and stables.  For a few moments, he let himself look down at his friend, who blinked slowly and gazed back up at him, eyes glassy in a feverish stupor.  
Kredan's left arm was a gory mess, missing now below the elbow.  During the battle, he lost his shield and when one of the barbarians swung an axe at him, he had instinctively stuck his arm out to stop it, and the axe had split his arm lengthwise to midway through his forearm.  Amputating the arm was the only option, but Kredan still might not live through it.  He also suffered a deep slash to his leg, which was tightly wrapped up.  His fighting days were over.
They gave him cider to dull the pain, since it was all they had, and combined with the blood loss, Kredan was incapable of speech, or anything else.  But Jasson knelt down beside him and patted him on the shoulder.
"You made it, Kredan," he said, his voice unsteady.  "You're going to pull through, I know you are.  Just get some rest, okay?  Me and the rest of the squad will keep an eye on you."
The rest of the squad, he thought.  "What remains of the squad" sounded more like the truth to him.  Jasson hadn't found out until after the battle that Tayven was dead.  One of the invaders struck him with a spear just under the collarbone and knocked him off the wall.  He died in the dirt, choking on his own blood.  Endry and Lomack were dead too, killed in the fighting at the main gate.  And Kredan might not survive the week.
Three members of their squad were gone and one was badly wounded.  Some of the other squads were far less fortunate.  If Jasson had been on guard duty during the attack, he might have been one of the first people to fight the invaders, and maybe he would be dead now too.
Most of the villagers were working as triage medics, wrapping wounds and doing their best to comfort the wounded.  All of the fires were extinguished, which by itself was a miracle.  More than thirty buildings and homes and burned before they got the blazes under control by forming human chains to transfer buckets of water from the river.  Now, many of the villagers were streaked with soot and ash, adding to the blood from the injured men.  
All around him, Jasson saw incomprehensible pain and sadness, but there was a determination as well, and the slow realization that despite all of this, they had succeeded.  A few of his fellow soldiers had gathered near the beach to celebrate their victory with mugs of cider and adrenaline still running in their veins.  Jasson wanted no part of that, but he didn't begrudge the men their need for celebration.  They survived, after all.  If some of them wanted to laugh it up and have a party to revel in their victory, so be it.
He glimpsed Kateesha running by with an armful of rags.  The physicians had run out of bandages long ago, so they were using any clean strips of cloth they could find.  
As he walked through the yard, he spotted Commander Oskern and Sergeant Horunus come through the ruins of the gate.  Usually, their presence in Bakk would be noticed, but this time it didn't seem so important.  A few men saluted them half-heartedly, but Jasson let them walk by without acknowledging them.  They were likely on their way to see Captain Edrigo, who was also injured, or so Jasson was told.
"Jasson," came a voice.  He barely recognized his own name, and turned to see Polus standing next to him, still wearing his armor, his eyes tired and his black hair sticking to his sweaty forehead.  His face was thin and gaunt, and he looked even more tired than Jasson was.  "You're okay, aren't you?" he asked.
"I'm not hurt, if that's what you mean," Jasson said.
"We could use your help, then.  We think some of the barbarians escaped into the woods, and we need some men to help go check it out."
"My armor's broken."
"Get someone else's, then."
"I don't know, Polus."
"There aren't many guys left who aren't hurt," Polus said with a quiet intensity, leaning in as he spoke.  "We need all the men we can get, because for all we know, more ships from Tetharos are on their way here right now.  If any of them are still alive, they might try to sneak inside as soon as it gets dark."
"I already volunteered for guard duty all day tomorrow," Jasson said.  "And I only got like two hours of sleep last night.  Give me a break, all right?"
Polus backed off and nodded shakily, looking chagrined.  "Yeah, okay.  I'm sorry, I'm not trying to give you a hard time."
"We're all a little bit tense right now, I know."
Abruptly, Polus changed the subject.  "I haven't seen Aldus yet.  He's okay, right?"
"He's fine.  He got hit in the head, but it's nothing."
Polus sighed to himself.  "Good, I'm glad.  I know it sounds selfish, but I'm glad that all four of us made it."
"I know how you feel," Jasson said.
"Did ? did Kateesha make it?"
"Yes, she's okay.  Thank you for asking."
Polus looked away and cleared his throat.  "Marshene's dead.  She got hit by an arrow.  They couldn't do anything for her."
Jasson's shoulders slumped and he closed his eyes as the news struck him.  Polus and Marshene had been together for just a few months.  "Oh, Polus, I'm so sorry.  I wish I could ? I wish I could say something."
"Yeah," Polus said, his gaze dropping to the bloody dirt at their feet.  "We lost a lot of good people today.  We just have to move on, you know."
After a long moment, Jasson nodded.  It seemed strange to hear Polus say something like that, but he wasn't the same man he had been back in Oakenfal so long ago.  Out of the four of them, he had changed the most.
"We lost a lot of friends," Jasson said.  "Tayven, Lomack, and Endry.  Wessel and Hober are both gone.  Old man Dobrill.  Marshene.  Larken.  Artelus.  Too many."
"I'm going to head out and help them search for any of the barbarians that might have escaped," Polus said.  "I need something to keep me busy, I don't want to just stay in here and see all these wounded people."
"I understand, Polus.  I do, really."
Polus touched Jasson's arm briefly and then walked back out through the gate.  Jasson watched him go, wondering if he was going to be okay.  But he suspected that Polus was stronger than any of them really knew.  It had just taken some time for that strength to show itself.  After the death of his wife Pashina, he had been a shell of a man.  Somehow, serving in the Grand Army had filled that shell again, giving him a purpose in life.  He had dated other women in the last few years, and Jasson felt that he would come to terms with Marshene's death, if he hadn't already.
The rest of the day was spent helping out where he could.  He served meals to the men on guard, helped clean away some of the burned lumber on the walls, and did some difficult work loading dead Tetharosan bodies onto a cart to be hauled away from the village.  After supper, he went to the river and washed himself off, cleaning away sweat and grit and more dried blood from before.  It felt like he was washing his soul clean.
But whenever he closed his eyes, he heard voices in the back of his head, the screams of the invading barbarians, the cries of the dead and wounded.  He saw the blood gushing across his hands, the pain of the axe slamming down on his armor.  The bruise across his collarbone was now so dark purple it was nearly black, and it hurt to the touch, but it would probably go away in a few days, leaving nothing behind to mark the time he almost lost his life.  
Just as the sky began to grow dark, he met up with his surviving squadmates.  Aldus had his arm around Ralanna's waist and held her close.  Jasson remembered seeing her briefly during the fight at the east gate, but she had come through the battle unscathed, and she leaned her head against Aldus' shoulder with a sad expression on her face.  Polus stared out toward the river.  His sword still hung from his belt, even though he no longer wore his armor.  By his tense posture, it seemed like he was expecting another fight any moment.  Beside him stood Nellan, who had his arms crossed over his chest, one of them tightly wrapped in a bandage.  He gave Jasson a tired smile and a nod.
The brothers Makul and Shandus were there, along with Garben, the final member of their squad.  The three of them were archers, like Ralanna, and had come through the battle no worse for wear.  Tayven was the only archer in their squad to lose his life.
"Here we are," Aldus said.  "I think we all deserve a drink."
Garben raised the mug in his hand.  "I already have one."
They chuckled a bit and looked at each other.  For a time, it felt like there was nothing to say, as they all just comforted themselves in the knowledge that they had all fought bravely in defense of the fort, and were still together.
Polus straightened his shoulders and said, "We lost three brothers today.  Let's remember them and honor their memories.  May the Mother and Father bring them all to Heaven."
"Father preserve them," Nellan agreed.
Ralanna said softly, "And all the others who died today.  Mother preserve them all."
"And may the Father keep Kredan safe," Polus added.
It was not much, but it was all they could do.
Later, Aldus and Ralanna wandered off together.  Makul, Shandus, and Garben had their own girlfriends, so they left as well to be with them.  Polus said good night to Nellan and Jasson and walked off to be alone.  
"It was an amazing victory," Nellan said when they were gone.  "We did something incredible today, Jasson.  We defeated an army twice our size, do you believe that?"
"We did," Jasson said, nodding to himself.  "We really did."
"I feel like my entire life led up to this.  I've never felt more alive.  I know it's crazy to say that, but I really feel that way.  When it was all over, I can't describe what it was like.  It was like euphoria.  The rest of you didn't feel it, I know."
"You aren't the only one," Jasson said.  "Some of the other guys were out there this afternoon joking around and looking happy as could be.  There's nothing wrong with being excited after a big victory like this."
"You don't look too excited," Nellan observed.  "Polus, either."
"I guess there's only two ways to deal with it.  Some guys like the thrill of battle and celebrate afterward.  Some of us just feel tired and sad."
"I did enjoy it," Nellan said quietly, as if embarrassed by the fact.  He looked down at his hand, closing his fingers around an invisible sword hilt. "The other times were nothing like this.  When we ran out to meet them, I felt so alive.  I never thought I would enjoy it.  And you jumped right out there too.  You didn't feel the same way?"
"I don't even remember most of the battle, to be honest.  I wasn't really thinking at all, I just did what I had to do."
"You think they'll try again?  Polus said that they might launch another attack right away, while we're still trying to recover from this one."
"We're at war now," Jasson said simply.  "I think this is just the first battle.  We'll be fighting them again before too long."
He turned around and saw Kateesha standing a few yards behind him.  She had her hands folded in front of her and her hair tied back into a ponytail.  There was a hint of a smile on her face, like she was secretly amused with something.  It was a look that Jasson knew very well.
Nellan gave Jasson a friendly slap on the arm.  "Hey, it looks like you got somewhere important to be.  I'll catch up with you later."
"Sure, Nellan.  See you tomorrow."
Jasson walked over to Kateesha and they slid into each others' arms.  She said nothing at first, and touched her lips against his, very gently.  Jasson rested his forehead against hers and they stood there for a few moments, simply holding onto each other.  He liked the feel of her body pressed against his, and intertwined his fingers at the small of her back.  Her arms were draped over his shoulders, her hands stroking the back of his head.
"Hey," he whispered.
"I would have come to you earlier," she said softly, "but ..."
"I know.  It was pretty bad."
"But we're both still here, right?"
He nodded.  "Yes, we are."
"I heard about ? about Tayven and Endry and Lomack."
"Yeah.  Kredan might be joining them."
"I'm so sorry, baby."
"What about your friends?  Your mother was at the farm, so she's okay, right?"
Kateesha nodded.  "My mom's fine.  Marlianne and Denida are fine too.  Some other people died, but we don't have to talk about it."
"I don't want to talk about it," Jasson said.
"It's getting late.  We can just go home if you want."
"I'd like that."
They returned to their house, dodging a few drunken revelers on the way.  They had shared the house together for almost four years now, after Kateesha's mother moved out to the farms to live with an older man there.  Even before that, Jasson spent many hours in the small bedroom with Kateesha, rarely spending the night in the barracks after his graduation.  Since their first night together, they had been almost inseparable.
However, they weren't married yet, although Jasson thought that they might as well be.  He often wondered if Kateesha wanted to be married, but so far she only ever mentioned it one time, five years before.  Since they started living together, they never discussed it again.  He supposed it didn't matter, since everyone knew they were a couple.  But one day, he knew they would make it official.  
They had no children yet, and he wasn't sure if they ever would.  Kateesha, like many women at the fort and elsewhere, prevented unwanted pregnancies by grinding up a plant called moonroot and stirring it into a drink once a week.  Long after they started living together, she confessed that she started talking it a few weeks before his graduation, because she knew that they would be sleeping together soon.  Jasson always smiled when he thought about that.
Hand in hand, they entered the house and walked to the bedroom.  Kateesha tried to smile, but it came out forced, like she had faked a smile all day and just couldn't do it anymore.  She let out a trembling breath and held onto him before lifting her face to kiss him again.  He brushed his hand through her long brown hair.  A single tiny candle flickered in the corner.
Without a word, she slipped out of her brown dress.  Jasson raised his arms and Kateesha lifted his tunic over his head.
"We can just lie next to each other," she whispered, tentatively putting her hands against his chest.  They trembled a bit, and felt cold on his skin.  "I don't know if you want to ..."
"Do you?" he asked softly.
She started to say something and then cleared her throat, as if the words had gotten stuck there.  She didn't meet his eyes, instead looking at the floor as her hands reached for his belt.  "I'm just ? I'm scared and I want you here with me."
"I'm here with you," he said, touching her chin to lift her eyes up to his.
"I just want ..."
She couldn't put it into words, and neither could he.  But he understood how she felt, and now that they were alone, with his body so close to his, he felt the same way.  It wasn't a desire for sex, it was a need for comfort, a reassurance that they were both still alive and able to feel joy in the midst of so much misery.  The stress of everything that had happened, the pain and sadness and loss, threatened to overwhelm them.  A simple act of love would serve as an emotional anchor to keep them from getting lost in all the agony they had witnessed.  One moment of peace and pleasure could make all the difference.
They helped each other out of their remaining clothes and went to bed.  Kateesha laid on her back, pulling Jasson down on top of her.  He could smell her sweat and her fear, and kissed her passionately, trying to soothe some of her stress.  Her body loosened up under the careful touch of his hands, and she sighed gently as their lips parted.  Tears marked her cheeks, tears of relief.  She grabbed his head and pulled him down again to kiss her.
In due time, she spread her knees and let him climb in between her legs.  As he eased himself inside, she moaned and clutched possessively at his shoulders.  Normally, they would have crawled under the blanket first, but this time Kateesha shoved the blanket onto the floor.  She didn't want to keep it contained, she wanted their love to be open and free.
Jasson rocked against her, his hands continuing to explore her body, his breath coming faster as he quickened his pace.  He wanted to be slow and gentle, but somehow his own needs began to overpower him and he began to thrust with increased speed, making the bed rock back and forth underneath them.  Kateesha gasped and wrapped her legs around his waist, urging him on faster.  
She was his entire world, and for one brief moment, he forgot about the battle.  He hadn't even known how much he desired that moment, but Kateesha knew.  She shuddered and quaked under his body, her pleasure washing over him like a wave of pure heat.  The lone candle reflected off her eyes and he felt like she was staring right into his soul.  He could not hold back any longer.  With a loud groan, he pushed deep inside her and felt the ecstasy of release, and then all the energy went out of him, and he collapsed down on top of her.
He closed his eyes and breathed steadily, letting his heart slow down.  He rested his forehead against Kateesha's chest and then slid off of her, rolling onto his back with a sigh.  It was almost completely dark, but faint moonlight crept in through the window, giving the whole room a barely perceptible gray glow.  Jasson raised his arms and looked at his hands in the darkness, seeing nothing but a faint shadow.  
Kateesha curled up on her side and cuddled against him.  She placed her hand on his chest, which was still damp with sweat.  "Thank you," she whispered.  "I didn't know if you wanted to, but it made me feel good."
Jasson didn't know what to say, so he placed his hand on top of hers, letting their fingers intertwine.  They laid together in warm, intimate silence, their breathing the only sound in the room.
In these moments of bliss, he had to constantly remind himself that this is what he became a soldier for, to defend the Grand Empire and fight its enemies.  But each time he had to fight, it took him days to get the images of blood and death out of his mind.  Although this attack on the fort was certainly the largest invasion they ever faced, it was not the first.  In the five years since he came to Bakk, they had fought four other minor incursions by North Spike raiders.  
Those times were easy by comparison.  Nothing but a few dozen raiders hitting one of the nearby villages.  They were easy to fight off, and none of Jasson's own squad had even been wounded in any of those combats.  Jasson fought well and even killed a few raiders himself.
It wasn't like this time, though.  Not an overwhelming force of twenty ships and thousands of foreigners with strange facial markings and a frightening, alien language.  The men who attacked the fort this time weren't a bunch of scrawny untrained raiders.  They were soldiers, and they nearly managed to defeat the Grand Army.  Jasson could see them again, their twisted faces with strange blue painted designs, their wild screams and the ferocious look in their eyes.  Their blood as it washed down his blade and over his hands.
He was alive.  Three of his friends were dead, and who knows how many others.  Jasson wouldn't hear the final count until tomorrow, but it had to be more than five hundred men, more than half of the fort's entire strength.  And that didn't include the losses at Fort Tagon.  How many men had lost their lives there?  The fact that only three members of his own squad had died made him feel lucky.  He, Nellan, and Aldus had all somehow made it through the battle alive and relatively unharmed.
He was alive, and he silently thanked the Father for looking out for him, for guiding his hand and giving him the strength to keep going.  But he wondered what it would be like if he and Kateesha could leave Bakk behind and go live somewhere else, without the specter of war looming over their heads every day.  Lying there with her, he felt like he had too much to lose.  He didn't want to be a soldier, he wanted to stay with her forever.
He turned onto his side, sensing Kateesha's vague shadow beside him.  For a few moments he just held her hand.  He wanted to tell her he was sorry that he had to fight, sorry for scaring her, sorry for putting his life in danger.  But he didn't have the words.  He never seemed to have the right words, but she never judged him for it.  Somehow, the calm, gentle silence between them was enough.
"I love you," he said clumsily, feeling his throat tighten up as the words came out.
"I love you too, baby," she said, touching his face.
"Thank you for being here with me.  I couldn't do this without you."
"I'm always here for you, you know that.  And you're here for me."
"I know, I just ..."
"It's okay, Jasson.  You don't have to say it.."
Blinking, he felt his eyes well up with tears as he let out a trembling, unsteady breath.  His arms slid around Kateesha's warm body and held her close as the tears dripped down the side of his nose.  A shuddering gasp rolled through his body and came out as a choked sob.
"I was so scared, I thought I was going to die," he whispered, not even realizing it was true until the words spilled out.  He held onto her like a drowning man gripping a piece of floating debris, burying his face into her shoulder.
He could still feel the impact of his sword smashing against another sword, he could feel the heat of the blood splashing across his arms and face.  But Kateesha was his lifeline, holding him steady in the present, proving that he was alive and unharmed.  She was his anchor, keeping him from drifting away in regret and misery.
Her hands cupped his face and her lips found his.  "You did what you had to do, baby.  I was scared too, but you're here with me now.  I'm not going to let you go."
They kissed again, desperately, clinging to each other, their legs twisted around each other, their hands fumbling and touching.  Jasson grew aroused again and rolled on top of Kateesha, her legs opening up for him.  He pressed his mouth against hers and whispered through their kiss, "You mean everything to me.  I couldn't do this without you.  When I was fighting them, I wasn't doing it for the empire, I was fighting for you."
They made love again, slower this time, Jasson's frustration and anger melting away as they gave each other all that they had.  He was alive and he wanted to make the most of it.  Kateesha took all his pent-up emotions and set them free, replacing them with a blissful sense of peace and well-being.  It was a catharsis, a reawakening.  And when it was over, Jasson was completely drained, both physically and emotionally.
"I love you," he said again, half-asleep.
"And I love you.  Promise me that you'll never leave."
"I'll never leave you."
Chapter Twenty Six
Court

Oalun leaned back and crossed his legs, lifting a hand to rub thoughtfully at his chin.  Before him on the table were a few scattered notes and bits of paper, but for the moment he ignored them, choosing instead to study the faces of the other Administrators seated at the tables flanking the throne of Arvia.  There were seventeen Administrators, but only twelve of them were currently present.
Administrator Manion from the Northeastern Coast region of Ronaris stood out in front of the throne, talking about low tax revenue and a poor harvest.  He was a shrewd little man with greasy black hair, rumored to have gained his first political post by way of blackmail.  Oalun didn't like him personally, but respected his talents as a politician.  Since Manion's region was on the exact opposite side of the empire from Oalun's own, they had little contact regarding most matters, but Oalun listened carefully to what he said just the same.
Seated in the throne was King Karustra, his back straight and hands curled into fists.  As  Manion droned on, Karustra's dark eyes scanned the room, as if searching for hidden assassins among the members of court.  Nothing escaped the King's notice, not the whisperings of servants or the subtle body language of the his assembled political advisers.  Oalun found it refreshingly easy to serve a ruler like Karustra, who held the throne in an iron grip.  A weak ruler could invite conspiracies and intrigues or succumb to outside influence, making it hard for anyone in such a court to excel.  Knowing that Karustra was truly in command of the entire Grand Palace gave Oalun the opportunity to focus on other things.  Such stability had allowed Oalun's fortunes to improve greatly in the last five years.
Seated beside the King was Queen Yaneri, the front of her white dress open to allow the baby in her arms to nurse at her exposed breast.  Yaneri had always been a pretty woman, although not quite beautiful, but she looked drawn and haggard now despite the heavy makeup on her face.  She looked like she had aged ten years.  The pregnancy was a long and difficult one, the birth even more so.  Oalun was secretly amazed that she survived it.
But she was alive and healthy, and even more importantly, so was the child.  Karustra's only legitimate heir, the boy Thanostra, was a perfectly normal baby boy greedily sucking on his mother's nipple.  Yaneri suffered six tragic miscarriages that Oalun knew of, so it was little less than a complete miracle that she was able to bear a healthy child, especially as she was almost beyond her child-birthing years.  That fact was not lost on the people of court.
The Queen rarely bothered to be seen in the Grand Hall when the King was hard at work with the ruling of the nation.  But once she became heavy with child, she made sure that everyone saw that she was pregnant, even revealing her bare stomach on occasion to make sure no one joked that there was merely a pillow underneath her dress.  And when the time came to finally give birth, there were enough witnesses in the room to completely dispel any rumor that the pregnancy was a fraud.  Even Administrator Secorus was there to see the baby come into the world.
And baby Thanostra already had a patch of black hair on his head, and the same steely eyes as his father, which put to rest any doubt to the child's parentage.  As soon as she was able, Yaneri brought  little Thanostra out into public, as if to prove to the world that she had given birth to a healthy son and heir to the King.  Oalun supposed there were still people out in the city who suspected all sorts of theories - that Karustra wasn't the real father, that Yaneri had never truly been pregnant and one of the King's harem girls was the real mother, that the baby was actually some abandoned orphan - but there wasn't an ounce of truth to any of the rumors.
Thank the Mother and Father for that, Oalun thought to himself.  They had enough to worry about without people doubting the legitimacy of the heir to the throne.
"Enough," Karustra said, his voice cutting through the room.  "I'm not interested in your harvest.  Give me your military report."
"Yes, my King," Manion said with a bow.  From his sleeve, he procured a scroll and undid the string before rolling it open.
This is what Oalun had been waiting for.  Manion's region just happened to be the part of the Grand Empire closest to the rogue nation of Shargossa across the Sun Sea to the east.  For the past three years, Manion had managed a growing legion of spies and investigators whose job was to report on the activities of their strange eastern neighbor.  Shargossa, once considered nothing more than an island of uneducated barbarians, had proven to be a viable threat to the safety of both Arvia and Darvosia, just as Dosha had first told him at their first meeting, five years before.
"Their army, such as it is, may exceed fifty-thousand individuals," Manion said.  "And they have a large number of ships, although my sources tell me that few of those ships have significant carrying capacity.  This information is the same as my last report."
"Are there any new developments?"
"There is constant travel from Shargossa to the North Spike, and it seems to have increased in the last few months.  We've sent men north to attempt to infiltrate the Spike, but none of them returned, so it's likely that they were discovered and killed."  Manion frowned at this, and went on.  "But the fact that the Shargossans are in league with the North Spike is no longer mere speculation.  They are certainly conspiring against the Grand Empire."
Administrator Secorus, sitting across from Oalun at the opposite table, spoke up.  "They have always conspired against us.  This is nothing new.  What we need to know is what exactly they are conspiring.  An attack, surely, but where and when?"
Manion spread his hands.  "I cannot answer that."
"An attack by sea," King Karustra said gravely, clenching and unclenching his fists.  "That is their only strength.  An attack on the coast to draw away our forces."
"That is definitely a possibility, my King," Manion said.
Secorus leaned forward, placing his thin hands on the table.  Curls of gray hair drooped over his gaunt shoulders.  At nearly seventy years of age, Secorus was twenty years Oalun's senior, and the longest-serving Administrator in Karustra's court, having served under Karustra's father as well.  Despite his advanced age, Secorus was still as sharp as a razor, and one of Oalun's primary rivals for influence.  He was also currently husband to sixteen wives, and always looking for more young women to join his household.  Oalun remembered the day that Alona had come before the King, Secorus had his eye on her as well.  Thankfully, Oalun had gotten there first.
"The western coast," Secorus said, tapping a talon-like finger.  "Raiders from the Spike typically direct their actions there, do they not?  They are not overly clever, or else they would have become a serious threat long before now.  It seems to me that any attack will likely fall somewhere along the western coast."
"Oalun," Karustra prompted, turning to look at him.
He nodded in Secorus' direction.  "I agree.  The Spike has always been a nuisance for the coastal villages, sometimes a very dangerous one.  The mouth of the Silver River in particular has always been a target of theirs.  If they're plotting to attack us anywhere, it would probably be the west coast."
"Perhaps they want us to assume that," another Administrator suggested.
"The Spike is full of criminals and rejects," Secorus said.  "They're not professional soldiers, and even with help from Shargossa, they're not equipped or prepared for an attack farther south.  And a land attack through the mountains is not worth considering."
Oalun said, "If Shargossa seeks to join the North Spike in an attack against the empire, then they would surely attack us from the east.  Sending the Spike against the west coast might force us to fight on two fronts, but not for very long.  The Spike simply isn't strong enough to wage a significant invasion."
"That's my opinion as well," Manion said.  "The Spike could field an army of, at the very most, one-thousand soldiers.  A threat to be sure, but not an overwhelming one."
Karustra leaned back, rubbing one hand down his beard.  He spared a glance sideways at Yaneri, who seemed uninterested with the discussion at hand.  The baby in her arms murmured and kicked his legs playfully, and a rare smile brightened Karustra's normally stony face.  He cleared his throat and sat forward again.
"For the moment, let us assume that an attack by the Spike is imminent.  Oalun, are you certain that our defenses up to the task of repelling a concentrated attack?"
"Yes, without a doubt," Oalun answered.  "Our fortifications are well-manned and we've greatly increased our defenses, according to your orders and the recommendations from the Grand Academy.  I'm confident that any of the forts along the coast, from Haldeek to Tagon to any of the others, can stand up against a significant invasion from the sea."
Karustra knew this already.  It was merely Oalun's job to confirm his knowledge in this case, since they had spent the better part of five years building up the Grand Army and expanding many of the forts all over Arvia.  Some of the forts under Oalun's authority had almost doubled their manpower in that time, and all their recent reports were positive.  If they were not prepared to deal with an attack by the North Spike at their current military peak, then they would never be prepared for one.
"All right," Karustra said, "Continue your report, Manion."
"Well, my King, the only real clue we have as to Shargossa's plans is that the majority of their ships and soldiers are located in the Bay of Gossa, instead of on their own west coast, where they could be sent against us more easily.  I know this does not confirm anything one way or the other, but all signs seem to point to an invasion of Darvosia and not of Arvia.  An attack by the Spike might be intended to draw us away from supporting Darvosia in the event of such an invasion."
"Shargossa and Darvosia have been fighting each other for years," Secorus said.  "I'm sure that Shargossa intends to send some of its forces south.  But gathering their own forces in the west would only signal an obvious intend to invade Arvia.  Like you said, it doesn't confirm anything."
"Perhaps we could ask the Ambassador from Darvosia for his opinion on the matter," Oalun suggested.  "He's already here in the Grand Palace."
Secorus frowned and seemed about to disagree, but Karustra cut him off and said, "Yes, I think it's time we consulted with the Ambassador.  They have better information about Shargossa, and they may have some insight into the matter."
Oalun snapped his fingers at the messenger boy standing patiently behind him, and he quickly darted off to get the Ambassador.  The boy's name was Dillin and was one of Yalania's cousins or nephews, Oalun couldn't remember which.  Ever since Davrey had moved on to new opportunities, Oalun had taken on some new messengers.
The fact that Oalun had a special connection and friendship with Dosha gave him a unique position in the Grand Palace, since almost none of the other Administrators could arrange a meeting with the Darvosh Ambassador without Oalun's prior approval.  The other Administrators hated him for it, but gave him a reliable avenue of influence that was getting more profitable by the day.  In truth, when Dosha first introduced himself to King Karustra, Oalun's association with him had actually been a political liability.  But as the years wore on and Dosha's promises bore fruit, he had become an indispensable ally.  Secorus in particular resented the fact that Dosha had become such a popular member of court, and he did his best to undermine Oalun's hold over the diplomatic ties between the two nations.
Without Dosha's friendship, Oalun's input in these meetings would have been limited merely to the military strength of the forts along the coast, which while very crucial in the overall picture, gave Oalun very little leverage.  There had been numerous missions to the distant continent of Tetharos, but they were all based out of Olnasis instead of Thonelis, much to Oalun's annoyance.  
Dosha Sallan Koshin Kasvarosh entered the Grand Hall, flanked on both sides by a dozen servants and assistants, including his two primary bodyguards, Sheldara and Kovan, who were dressed in plain brown leather with high collars to hide their throat piercings.
"Glory to the King of Arvia," Dosha said formally, taking a bow.  "It is always my pleasure to be of service."
Karustra cleared his throat.  "Ambassador, we have been discussing Shargossa.  Do you have any information that might be of use to us?  It is surely clear, to both our nations, that Shargossa is planning for war."
"That is true," Dosha replied.  "Our informants have told us the same.  My Emperor has ordered a defensive force to our northern shores in case an invasion becomes imminent, as we believe it will be very soon.  What would you like me to tell you?"
"Do you believe that Shargossa intends to attack Arvia?"
"They surely do.  But it is almost a certainty that they will direct their forces first to Darvosia in order to secure a closer location to launch their attack on your empire."
Oalun knew that the only real reason Dosha still had an official position in Arvia was because he could talk surprisingly straight when he needed to.  Karustra was not a man to try to talk circles around, and Dosha never pushed his luck.  When Karustra asked him a direct question, Dosha gave him a direct answer.  For a diplomat, he was shockingly honest and forthright, which of course made everyone immediately suspicious, but so far no one had reason to distrust his information.
"When will they attack?"
"That, I cannot say for certain," Dosha said with a shrug.  "Weeks?  Months?  They must plan to launch an invasion fairly soon, for they have mobilized too many soldiers to feed for very long.  I would think they will attack by the end of the summer."
"You think?"
"I can only give my personal opinion at this time.  I was in Darvosia two months ago and it seemed like Shargossa would launch their ships any day.  The attack may have already begun."
Oalun leaned back in his chair and watched as Karustra digested this.  It raised an interesting question.  Had the attack already started in Arvia as well?  If Ronelis was attacked, Samorath would not hear about it for a few days at least until the first messengers arrived.  While the west coast was adequately defended against an attack by the North Spike, it was far less certain that the east coast could stand up against the Shargossans, since they were such an unknown.  Manion, sitting farther down the table from Secorus, looked concerned about such a possibility.
Karustra and Dosha spoke for a little while longer, speculating back and forth about what their mutual enemy might do.  In the end, Karustra seemed satisfied that Shargossa planned to attack Darvosia, so for the time being they let the matter drop.
Secorus said, "So why are they dealing with the North Spike?  Is it possible that they want to draw the Spike into a conflict with Darvosia?"
"I don't think so," Oalun said.  "It still seems to me that the Spike raiders will be a diversion to draw our forces away whenever Shargossa plans to make its move."
Karustra sat up straighter and rapped his knuckles on the arm of his throne.  "You're forgetting about our other enemy.  We can't forget that Tetharos is involved in this as well.  Ambassador, you've told us before that Shargossa and Tetharos are working together.  Is this still the case?"
"We've learned nothing to make us believe otherwise."
"And yet, we know almost nothing about them," the King growled.  "All our information is years old.  Almost none of the ships we send across the sea ever return, and those that do have nothing worthwhile to tell us."
"It is the same with us," Dosha said with a disappointed nod.  "What little knowledge we have is from our spies in Shargossa, but they have not dealt first-hand with Akatesh, so even their information is second-hand.  The people from Akatesh are very hostile to anyone they believe is a foreigner.  How the Shargossans communicate with them is a mystery to all of us."
"Maybe they're the same people," Secorus said.  "Shargossa might be a former colony that developed into its own nation, but they still cooperate with their former empire."
The notion seemed to surprise Dosha, who looked away and rubbed his chin thoughtfully.  "That is very interesting, Administrator.  I must confess we had never considered that."
Secorus gave a smug smile and crossed his arms.  Some of the other Administrator nodded in agreement at the possibility.  Of course, if that was the case, then it was not good news.  Making a firm connection between the two foreign nations only meant it was more likely that they would coordinate an attack on Darvosia and Arvia.
Oalun secretly hated the fact that they were taking purely defensive military actions instead of possibly launching a preemptive strike of their own, against the North Spike or Shargossa or even Tetharos.  It seemed foolish to sit back and worry about when the enemy was going to invade, when they had the capability to attack first and bring the battle to enemy's shores.  They already knew that Tetharos sent ships to scout their shores for years, but Karustra never acted on that information.  Karustra, like his father and grandfather before him, was strongly against launching an offensive, although his reasons for it were something he kept to himself.
A few hundred years ago, the King of Arvia, a man named Polaron, sent his armies into the Gris Desert in an attempt to invade Darvosia by land.  The ensuing war cost thousands of lives, most of them Arvian, and permanently designated the Gris Desert the unofficial border between the two competing empires.  Since that ill-fated conflict, Arvia had not engaged in any major wars or attempted to expand the Grand Empire.   Aside from a few brief rebellions within Arvia's borders and the occasional action against the North Spike, Arvia had known a remarkably long period of peace.  Perhaps Karustra was loathe to end that peace, even for a good reason.  
Oalun, unfortunately, had no say in military matters and no real military experience of his own to base his opinions on.  He suspected a few other Administrators and members of the Grand Academy shared his views, but if anyone had attempted to convince Karustra to go on the offensive, their words had fallen on deaf ears.
"Thank you for your time, Ambassador" Karustra said distractedly, thinking to himself.  Once again, his gaze softened when he looked upon his young son Thanostra, who was sitting happily in his mother's lap, tugging on her hair.  
"It is always my pleasure to serve you," Dosha replied with another bow.  "I hope I have been able to make your decisions easier.  Remember that I am bound to assist you any way I can, just as our empires are bound to assist each other in times of war."
"Yes, of course.  Our allegiance remains strong, you have my word on that."
In a way, it was irrelevant whether or not Shargossa intended to attack Arvia, Oalun thought.  Because either way, Arvian soldiers would be sent to war.  The treaty that Oalun and Dosha had helped write was quite clear on the matter.  If either empire was attacked, the other would send troops to help defend it.  The Grand Army was going to go to war, that much was assured.  The real question was, would they be defending Arvia or Darvosia?  Despite his own involvement in the treaty, Oalun knew which one he would prefer.
Much later, after the long meeting had finally been called to an end, Oalun returned to his office and checked his messages.  When he went back into his inner office, Rathan followed him inside and handed him a note.
"From Sheldara," he explained unnecessarily.  "The meeting went well, I hope?"
Oalun took a seat.  "There were positives and negatives," he said vaguely, opening the note and scanning the contents.  Even now that his association with Dosha was public knowledge, they still communicated in code.  A casual observer would think the note was from one of Oalun's wives, but the handwriting gave it away as Sheldara's.  He crumpled it up and set it on the desk.
"Nothing important," he said with a sigh.  "Dosha wants to know what else was discussed after he left, that's all.  I'll respond later.  I'm feeling worn out today."
"Do you want something to eat?  It's past supper time."
"Yes, that sounds like a good idea.  What else is on my schedule?"
"You promised to meet with Safran of family Norda, he's the one who owns those shipping warehouses that the Darvosh merchants are using."
"Yes, yes, he's already here, I suppose?"
"I can send him in right now if you like."
"Not yet.  What else is there?"
"There are two men here from a town called Lamorlen.  They filed a dispute with their local Governor and came here in person to deliver it."
"Wonderful.  Send for some dinner, and then I'll see about the dispute.  Safran can wait a bit longer.  All he wants is a bigger cut."
Rathan smiled and said, "Yes, sir."
The little responsibilities of his job still required his daily attention, even though he knew that if he really wanted to, he could bring on another Manager and assign some of the work to them.  There were a few Administrators who delegated almost all the work of their office to their underlings, but Oalun didn't like to let others make his decisions for him.  That, and he found it hard to find anyone he could really trust.  Rathan was one of those few, and Oalun was glad to have him.
His relationship with the Darvosh Ambassador granted him a huge increase in his personal status in the Grand Palace.  It also did wonders for his own personal fortune.  But it also added a great deal of work to his daily schedule, since now everyone who wanted to deal with Dosha had to go through him, and anyone who had a gripe with the Darvosh automatically took their complaints straight to his office.  He had anticipated such problems, but they still grated.  
After sitting through several more meetings, he finally told Rathan that he was done for the day and to call for a carriage.  It was dark outside, but not much later than he usually left for home.  In fact, he would actually get home a bit earlier than usual.
As he rode in the carriage, he pushed the thoughts of his daily meetings out of his head and tried to relax a bit.  He wondered if any of his wives were still awake.  Usually he came home so late that it was easier to just go to the bedroom with Jasamina, his first and still his most beloved wife.  But if Yalania was still up, he would like to take her to bed.  They had not slept together in several weeks and he knew that Yalania appreciated the attention.
He had neglected his marital duties with his other wives for too long.  He hadn't taken Alona or Minsha to bed in more than two months.
Minsha was still a mysterious beauty, even though she'd been his wife for how long now?  Almost ten years?  He almost found it hard to believe it was that long.  He didn't regret for a moment marrying her, but their relationship had never been terribly close, he had to admit.  It was almost like his strained marriage to Evalene, except that Minsha was always thankful and respectful.  She didn't love him, not really, but she didn't resent him the way Evalene always had.  He still loved Minsha's exotic looks and her sweet nature, and he was happy that she was part of his family.
As he thought about it, maybe he could take Alona to bed instead.  Alona, with her casual grace and unwavering innocence, was always kind to him, and her slender young body always gave him pleasure.  She wasn't demanding in bed the way that Yalania was, and after such a tiring day, Oalun didn't have the energy to meet those kinds of demands.  Of course, Alona didn't love him either, but she at least had the good manners to pretend that she did.
Minsha and Alona, he thought with a sad smile.  They seemed like they would both be happier with each other than they were with him.  Despite their obvious attraction, they had so far remained merely close friends.
Not for the first time in recent weeks, he wondered if maybe he could take a new wife.  Five was about as many as he could handle, and now that Evalene was gone, maybe he should bring some new joy to his family.  He would have to think about it.  Sometimes, though, he wondered what his life might be like if he had never taken more wives, but he would have missed out on knowing such a diverse and lovely group of women.  In his own restrained sort of way, Oalun loved all his wives dearly, although they probably didn't realize it.
If another unique beauty came into his life, he would think about marrying once more.  There would be no false hope of children, though.  Oalun came to terms long ago that there would be no sons to carry on his family name.  Alona was his last chance to sire a child.  Well-paid doctors had assured him that his seed was strong, but their promises had come to nothing.
Sometimes, he wondered about his daughter Sarafina, the beautiful child who had lived for just two days.  If she had lived, she would be older than Alona was now.  But she was born premature, and the two days they had with her seemed like a blessing.  Perhaps the Mother and Father had decreed that Oalun and Jasamina would never have children, but had allowed Sarafina to live just long enough for them to know what it felt like to have a child.  At his most introspective, Oalun didn't know if that made him feel more or less religiously-inclined.  Had the Mother and Father been cruel to take their daughter away so soon, or had they been kind to let them have two days of happiness?
The carriage pulled up to his house and he climbed out.  The servants dutifully met him at the door, and when he walked into the living room, he was surprised to see Jasamina there waiting for him, wearing a white nightgown and slippers.  It was not very late, but she was usually in bed by this time in the evening.  Many nights when Oalun came home, all his wives had already gone to bed, since they never knew how late he would be.  Jasamina pushed herself up from the couch and walked over.
"Good evening, my love," he said, putting his arms around her.  "Thank you for staying up."
"Welcome home," Jasamina said with a tired smile, looking up at him with her white eyes.  "How was your day?"
"Very busy, as usual.  And yours?"
"The same.  I'm afraid Chalena is no longer part of our household staff.  She accepted a new position with family Kelsim today."
"Oh, really?  That's a shame, she was a nice girl."
"And Yalania ruined one of her dresses today.  She was packing away some of the things in Evalene's old room and spilled a bottle of paint all over herself.  You should have heard her screaming, she was so angry."
Oalun let out a soft chuckle.  "Well, I'm sorry I wasn't around to hear it.  I hope she's not too distraught.  I can always buy her another dress."
"I told her to leave the rest of the paints there for now.  And I hired a local artist to come and see Evalene's work.  He said they can paint over them in a clear glaze to preserve the paintings.  I thought that would be nice.  We can put some of them up on the walls.  To remember her by."
"Yes, that sounds like a great idea."
They walked arm in arm down the hallway to the bedroom.  There was something else, Oalun thought.  He knew that Jasamina hadn't stayed up just to tell him such mundane news, but for whatever reason, she didn't want to say it in front of the servants.
She sat down on the bed and sighed.  "It's been an interesting day," she said as Oalun closed the door.  "I wanted to tell you first, because I'm sure Yalania will talk about it with you tomorrow, and I know how she is."
Oalun undid the belt for his dark blue robe and kicked off his shoes.  He hung up the robe and rubbed his tired shoulders.  "Well, go on and tell me," he said, smiling at his first wife.
"It seems that dear Minsha and Alona have become lovers."
"Truly?  When did this happen?"
"I guess it started two nights ago."
Oalun shook his head in mild surprise as he unbuttoned the plain gray tunic he wore underneath the robe.  He had just been thinking about them on the way home.   "How wonderful for them," he said.  "That is a pleasant development.  I was beginning to think that they would never admit their feelings for each other."
"Minsha has been in love with her for so long," Jasamina said with a smile.  "And poor Alona never even realized it.  I'm glad they found each other, finally."
"How did you find out?"
"Fostrus told me.  He was doing his rounds late at night and he heard them in bed together."
"Well, I'm happy for them.  Although I'm disappointed that they thought they had to keep it a secret.  Tomorrow morning I'll talk to them about it."  He changed out of his silk pants and put on a simple pair of thin trousers tied with a string around his waist.
"You can wake them up and talk to them now, if you want," Jasamina said.
Oalun looked up.  "Are they together right now?"
"Maybe."
He grinned and thought about it, then shook his head.  "No, that's okay.  I'll see them before I leave tomorrow morning."
They blew out the candles and he got into bed, crawling up behind her and putting his arm around her waist.  She hummed contentedly and put her hand on his.
"Good night, my love," she said.
He kissed her cheek.  "Good night."
As he lay there in the darkness, waiting for sleep to come, he could not keep his mind from wandering back to Minsha and Alona.  He knew that Minsha's strange Darvosh religion involved sexual rituals, and he had even joined her in them a few times to make her happy, although not in many months.  If Minsha and Alona were now lovers, Oalun wondered if he could join them both in bed together.  He'd never made love to two of his wives at the same time.  Jasamina had already hinted that she would be okay with it, as he knew she would be.
He would have to think about that too.
Chapter Twenty Seven
Remembering the Fallen

It was amazing how much difference one day made.  If he let his mind wander just a little bit, Jasson could almost forget what had happened barely twenty-four hours before.  The main yard in the village was cleared out, all the injured men moved into other buildings, all the wreckage from the battle cleaned up.  In the early morning, he almost didn't notice the soil's reddish hue.  The only obvious reminders were the blackened sections of ground where the destroyed buildings used to be, and the missing sections of wall.
Jasson walked his post along the north wall and down around the edge of the river, keeping his gaze focused outside the village, watching for any suspicious movement in the trees or any unfamiliar craft out in the ocean.  But there was nothing to see.  Despite Polus' concerns that some of the invaders escaped into the woods, they found no trace of anyone hiding there.  It seemed that the Tetharosan warriors fought and died to the very last man.  But instead of filling the soldiers with pride at such a complete victory, it unnerved many of them.  It was frightening to think that the barbarians were so warlike and bloodthirsty that they literally fought to the death.  Did they even comprehend the concept of surrender?
Once the day began in earnest, the constant hammering of lumber made it hard to pay attention, and impossible to listen for anything out in the trees.  He did his rounds all morning, as he village continued the lost process of repairing the damage.  The walls and gate could be repaired, but the rumor was that the entire fort was going to be torn down and completely rebuilt.  Jasson only went over to the fort once the previous day to see the extent of the damage.  He figured that building it from scratch was the only real option.
South of the river, men were also hard at work building funeral pyres for the dead.  Jasson volunteered for guard duty partially to avoid being selected for that sad task.  There were a lot of pyres to build.
Lacking much of an appetite, he stayed on duty through lunch, and from the top of the wall he watched the others take their meal.  The crowd was depressingly small, and half of those in line had slings on their arms or thick bandages around some part of their body.  Kateesha was there, helping serve meals like she usually did, but the mood was quiet and somber.
After lunch, Nellan and Polus came up to meet him.
"Kredan is still holding on," Polus said.  "They think he's going to pull through."
"Good," Jasson said, "That's good news."
Nellan sighed.  "He can't be a soldier anymore, but I heard Horunus say that some of the injured men can work other jobs.  They won't make him leave Bakk or anything."
"Maybe he'll want to," Jasson suggested, leaning against the wall and looking out to sea.  "I don't know if I would want to stay here as a cripple.  There's lots of places he could go."
"That's true," Nellan said.  "Maybe he'll return to his home village and marry that girl he didn't like."
They had a good laugh, but there was no real humor in it.  It just felt good to laugh about something, even if it was a poor joke.  Kredan was one of the first friends they had made when they joined the Grand Army, and his absence in the squad would be felt.  
"They'll have to reorganize most of the squads," Polus said, as if reading Jasson's mind.  "We'll have some new members in our squad after this.  We might have a new squad leader, too.  Dashelus is getting promoted to Sergeant."
"I heard about that," Jasson said with a nod.
"I might try and see if they'll let me be the squad leader," Polus added.
"Really?"
"Yeah, I think I would be good at it."
"I think you would too."
They all went silent for a few moments.  Jasson knew that out of any of them, Polus was probably the most qualified to lead a squad.  Whether or not Edrigo and Horunus felt that way remained to be seen.  But they might not have much choice.  Since so many men were killed, they needed to promote whoever they could find to fill the command positions.  Edrigo was still technically their Captain, but it was still possible that might succumb to his injuries, and then Horunus would likely take charge permanently.  Jasson liked Horunus enough, but losing a charismatic leader like Edrigo would do incredible damage to the fort's morale.
"The funerals are tonight," Nellan said quietly.
Polus sighed sadly and nodded, but Jasson didn't respond.  He had poured out his grief the night before with Kateesha, and now he felt like there was nothing left.  The funerals for Tayven, Lomack, and Endry would be symbolic more than emotional.  They simply didn't have the time to feel any more sadness for the ones they had lost.
After that, they left Jasson alone to finish his shift on guard duty.  He patrolled the wall most of the afternoon, then did a circuit of the beach.  Jirtha, who was also on duty, joined him as they walked along the bloodstained sand.  Like him, she survived the battle almost unscathed, except for a bandage wrapped around her hand.  It didn't hinder her grip of her sword, though.
He couldn't say that he and Jirtha had ever been close friends, but whenever they worked together, he was friendly with her, and she returned the favor.  Even after five years as a soldier in the Grand Army, there were still a few men who treated her like an inferior because she was a woman.  That didn't make much sense to Jasson back then, and it made even less sense now.  Jirtha was almost as big and strong as Edrigo himself, woman or not.
"I lost my entire squad yesterday," she said as they walked out along the beach.
"I know," he replied.  "I'm sorry."  There was nothing else that he could say.
"If you need someone ..."
"We'll be glad to have you.  But right now I don't even know who my squad leader is."
"Thank you," she said after a moment.  "I know your squad is close."
Jirtha had never been particularly close with her own squadmates.  Not everyone in the fort was lucky enough to join the army with three other friends like Jasson had.  Many of them, like Kredan and Tayven and Jirtha, joined the army with no friends at all.  Kredan and Tayven luckily made friends and joined Jasson's squad, but Jirtha was shuffled into a squad with people she barely knew.  And now they were all dead, leaving her alone once more.
They walked the line of trees until they reached the mass grave halfway between Bakk and Tagon, where the thousands of dead Tetharosan bodies was burned and dumped.  They could smell it from a hundred feet away, and even if they couldn't smell it, the mass of seagulls marked the site clearly enough.
"Do you ever regret coming here?" Jirtha asked, her face impassive as she looked out toward the mass grave.  "Joining the army, I mean?"
"No," Jasson said honestly.  "I admit that it's not everything I dreamed it would be.  But I don't regret it.  Why, do you?"
"Sometimes," she admitted.  "I guess I thought I could prove myself here.  And I don't mean that I haven't.  I can fight as well as any of them.  And most everybody here treats me well enough.  But I'm still a freak."
"Would you be better off back in your home village?"
"No."  She shook her head.  "I hated it there.  I jumped at the chance to get away."
"Then there's nothing to regret.  You have a better life here, that's all that matters."
"Yeah," Jirtha said, gripping the handle of her sword.  She twisted the scabbard to the left and right absently, looking out to the ocean.  "But yesterday, when all those people died.  I wonder, if I was one of them, would there be anyone who really cared?  Would anyone miss me?"
Jasson sighed and ran his hand through his hair.  "So many people died yesterday that it's hard to really think about it," he said.  "But I know you'd be missed.  We all know you, we'd remember you.  You have friends here."
Jirtha was silent for a moment, and then asked, "Do you know Lennarus of family Rasion?"
Jasson had to admit that he didn't.
"He was an archer in my squad.  He died in the fight.  I don't think anyone else knew him except the people in my squad, and we didn't know him that well.  He was really quiet, but he was a good archer and he died bravely."
"I'm sorry, Jirtha."
"I'm the only one who even remembers his name," she said, as if talking to herself.
"Have you talked to anyone else about this?"
"No."
"Maybe you should speak with Basley.  He could give you some advice."
She made a sour face.  "I don't want to talk to some priest.  I don't believe in the Mother and Father.  If the Mother was real, she wouldn't have made a woman that looked like me."
"Why are you telling me, then?"
"Because I have to tell someone, and you've always been nice to me.  I saw you walking around yesterday after the battle.  You still had ? you still had all this blood on your face," she said, reaching up as if to touch her own.  "And you had this look on your face, like ..."  She let out a breath and shrugged her shoulders.  "And I felt it.  There was so much pain, and I could see it on your face.  You looked like you had lost everyone."
"I didn't, though.  I was just overwhelmed," he said, barely able to remember those moments wading through the huge crowd of injured soldiers.
Jirtha looked as if she was going to say something else, but then she closed her mouth and seemed lost in thought.  Jasson knew that they should moving on and returning to the village, but he chose to wait and let her finish.  In the days to come, he suspected that many of his fellow soldiers would have trouble dealing with what had happened.  If she wanted to vent her feelings on him, he would be there for her.
"I felt guilty," she finally said.  "Because I didn't lose anyone either.  My entire squad is dead, and I don't feel any sense of loss.  How can I feel like that?"
"You can't feel guilty about that.  We all know that one day we might get killed in battle, that's what soldiers do.  It's our duty.  When people die, we have to move on."
"And what if nobody even remembers us after we die?  It's like we lived our entire lives for nothing.  Nobody else remembers that Lennarus did his duty."
"You do.  You remember him."
"Yeah, but ..."
"Make people remember you," Jasson said.  "If you're afraid of dying with nobody who cares about you, then make someone care.  You can't live your life regretting all the things you haven't done.  You have to move forward and think about the future."
"Don't you regret things you haven't done?"
"I regret some things I've done, but not the things I haven't.  Life is full of regret, that's just how it is.  But if you start thinking that way, then every decision you've ever made will haunt you.  You're still alive right now," he said, pointing at her.  "We all live through bad things.  We can't let that stop us from finding happiness in the future.  You just have to move on."
Jirtha looked at him, and a rare smile curved her lips.  "You know, I always thought you were a smart person.  Maybe you should have been a priest."
He scoffed at that, making her smile again.  "Come on," he said.  "We should be getting back.  My shift is almost over anyway, and they'll be serving dinner before too long."
They walked back to the fort in comfortable silence, like two old friends sharing a walk, but Jirtha spoke up once more as they approached the gate.  "I'll think about what you said, Jasson.  About the future, I mean.  Thanks again for talking to me about it."
"You're welcome," he replied.  "And I'll ask about you joining our squad too, if you want."
"Yes, I would appreciate that."
They gave their report to Horunus since neither of them had an active squad leader, and then they met with Rassus and a few others who were taking the evening shift for guard duty.  It was still about an hour until dinner, so he and Jirtha went their separate ways.
Kateesha wasn't at home when he got there.  He considered going out to see where she was, but changed his mind and simply sat down.  Unbuckling his cuirass without her help was a pain, but he fumbled with the straps and eventually got them loose enough that he could lift it over his head.  
As he sat in the house, he could hear voices and sounds out in the village.  There were children talking loudly somewhere, and the sounds of fishermen hauling nets full of fish along the dock.  There was still work to be done, meals to prepare, daily chores to finish.  Bit by bit, life was returning to normal once again.  War, it seemed, could not stop daily business from going on.
Despite missing lunch, he wasn't very hungry for dinner and eventually arrived late.  Nellan was still seated at one of the tables, an empty plate in front of him.  At the next table over, a few of the men were still talking about the battle, bragging to each other about how many Tetharosans they had killed.  Jasson thought that Nellan would be part of their conversation, but he seemed lost in his thoughts as Jasson sat down beside him.
"Oh, hey, Jasson."
"Where's the rest of the squad?  Did everybody finish eating already?"
"Yeah," Nellan said.  "Polus went to meet with Horunus about becoming our new squad leader.  I think Aldus and the rest went off to do some archery practice."
"Do you know if Horunus said anything about putting people in new squads?"
"He'll probably tell Polus about it, why?"
"Jirtha was interested in joining our squad."
"Really?  She's a good soldier, I think it would be great if she joined up with us."
"That's what I told her.  If I see Polus later, I'll ask him about it."
Nellan remained at the table while Jasson ate his meal, his chin propped up on his hand and looking out at nothing in particular.
"You okay?" Jasson asked, wiping his mouth.
Nellan sighed, "Yeah, I guess so.  I'm just thinking about lots of things."
"Anything bothering you?"
"Not really.  But I guess the adrenaline has worn off, you know?  Last night I felt great, but now I look around and I guess I realize how lucky we all were.  If they come and attack us again, I don't think we'll be so lucky a second time."
"We'll be ready for them, though.  They took us by surprise yesterday and we still beat them, so if we know they're coming, we should be able to prepare a better defense."
Nellan looked around at the thin crowd.  "But we're so short-handed now.  It's such a strange feeling, because I want to fight them again.  I mean, I'm looking forward to it.  But at the same time, I wonder if I'll survive the next battle."
Jasson set his fork down and pushed the plate away.  "Don't get fatalistic on me now, Nellan.  You're supposed to be the optimist in our squad.  We rely on you to look on the bright side."
"Really?" he asked, his head perking up.
"Sure," Jasson smiled.  "We need to stay positive, we have to keep our morale up.  If we start thinking that we're going to die, then the enemy has already beaten us.  And I don't know about you, but I'm alive and I plan to stay that way, no matter how many times we have to fight them."
"Yeah, I like that," Nellan said, smiling as well.  "Maybe you should be our squad leader, you're good at motivating us."
"No, thanks," Jasson chuckled.  "Jirtha told me that I should have been a priest.  I don't want to be a priest or a squad leader, I'm perfectly happy being just a soldier."
"Why did she say that?"
"Oh, we were talking about some stuff and I gave her some advice.  I guess I'm helping everybody out today."
"You're pretty good at it, you know."
"If you say so."
Nellan paused for a moment, and then asked, "Do you know if Jirtha has a boyfriend or not?"
The question took Jasson by surprise so much that he thought he had misheard.  He stared blankly and then leaned back, shaking his head.  "Wow, that came out of nowhere.  No, I don't think she does.  Why, are you interested in her?"
Nellan gave him a lopsided grin and shrugged his big shoulders.  "I don't know, maybe I'm just curious.  Last night, after Kateesha dragged you away, I was thinking about it.  Everybody seems to have a girl except me."
"You've had plenty of opportunities," Jasson said, leaning forward on his elbows as if speaking conspiratorially.  "Kateesha's friend Marlianne asked about you a few times.  You never show any interest.  Remember back when we first came to Fort Tagon?  You had a chance to fool around with that woman we met, but you ran off cause you said you got nervous."
"I don't really understand women," Nellan confessed, although it wasn't much of a confession, since Jasson and everyone else had known that about Nellan for a long time.  Even back in Oakenfal, Nellan remained curiously detached from any women in the village, and he remained that way after coming to Bakk.  For a long time after they joined the Grand Army, Aldus was convinced that Nellan was secretly attracted to men the way that their squad leader Dashelus was.  But Jasson never really believed that.  He caught Nellan ogling women just as often as the rest of them did. 
"What's to understand?" Jasson asked.  "Women are people, just like men.  If you think they're pretty, go ahead and tell them.  You say you don't understand women, but Jirtha isn't like most other women, so maybe she's the one for you.  If Jirtha joins the squad, then you can talk to her and get to know her better."
"Maybe I will," Nellan said.  "Maybe I will.  You know, I think she was right about you.  Maybe you should have been a priest."
"Not a chance," Jasson said with a smile.
It was nice to be able to talk about normal topics without the battle dominating the entire conversation.  Joking around with Nellan, it was easy for Jasson to let his mind wander and forget about all the death and misery that threatened to haunt him.  Although the sadness and grief had already begun to fade to nothing more than a painful memory in the back of his mind.  There was nothing to gain by obsessing over the past, Jasson had known that for years.
But the good feelings from talking with Nellan didn't last very long.  Soon after dinner, Polus came and got them.
"It's time," he said.  "Kredan wants to come with us when we say goodbye, but he's still too weak to move."
"We could carry him," Nellan suggested.
Polus didn't respond, but he looked at Jasson, who nodded his agreement.  "We should bring him if he wants to be there."
Aldus and the others joined them in the infirmary, where Kredan was still laying in a crude wooden bed, the stump of his arm tightly wrapped in bandages.  There were other men in even worse condition, and the entire place smelled like blood and decay, making Jasson's stomach churn.  Kredan couldn't sit up, but he nodded a little bit when they came to see him.
"How do you feel?" Nellan asked him.
"Sick," Kredan said in a soft whisper.  "It still hurts."
Polus said, "We're going to the funerals.  If you think you're strong enough, we'll carry you out there with us so you can see them one last time."
"Yes, please," Kredan said, giving them a faint nod.  "Thank you, thank all of you."
They fashioned a stretcher out of some wooden poles and netting, and carefully moved Kredan onto it.  One of the nurses in the infirmary started to help them, and when Kredan winced in pain as they laid him down, the nurse looked like she was going to change her mind.  
"I'm okay, I'm fine," Kredan said quickly, breathing hard.  "It's okay."
"Are you ready?" Polus asked.
"Yes, I'll be fine."
"Then let's go."
They had to carry him down to the river and then onto one of the small rafts ferrying soldiers from one side to the other.  Once they reached the south bank, they continued for a quarter mile to the area chosen for the funeral pyres.  By the time they got there, most of the fires were already burning, and dozens of other soldiers stood around solemnly, saying a silent goodbye to their fallen brothers in arms.
Tayven, Endry, and Lomack were laid out on stacks of crudely-cut lumber, with small metal pans of oil nearby.  Each body was cleaned up and dressed in plain clothes, with his eyes closed and arms crossed over his chest.  Whoever laid the bodies out had done their best to cover up their wounds.  Tayven's collar was pulled high to cover the gory puncture through his collarbone, and Lomack had a fold of cloth around his throat to cover the brutal slash that had ended his life.
They set Kredan down and for a few moments just looked down at their friends.  Polus took a pan of oil and splashed it along the bottom of the pyres while Jasson got a torch from nearby.  He handed it to Polus and stepped back.
Of the three, Jasson was the closest friends with Tayven.  He was shy and quiet most of the time, but was smart and quick on his feet.  Jasson remembered when he first met Tayven, and how the boy confessed that he joined the Grand Army to escape his domineering father.  Would his father be proud to know that Tayven died defending the Grand Empire?  
He also thought about Jirtha's squadmate Lennarus, who died with only Jirtha to remember his name.  Tayven had few friends outside their own squad, so it was up to Jasson and the rest of them to continue on in his memory, to make sure he wasn't forgotten.
They all said a few words.  The only thing Jasson could think of was, "I'll miss you all, and I promise we'll fight on for you.  Tetharos can send all the men they want, but they're never going to defeat us.  I can only hope that if I die, I die bravely like you did."
Polus tossed the torch down and soon, the three pyres were bright with flames.  They all stood back, the fire illuminating their faces.  On the ground beside them, Kredan was crying, and Ralanna shed a few tears along with him.  Jasson had already shed his tears, and could only close his eyes and turn away as the bodies were consumed.
One thought nagged at him.  Arvia was at war now.  Tetharos was sure to attack them again, and before it was all over, there were going to be more deaths and more funeral pyres to burn.
Chapter Twenty Eight
Merchant's Lane

Alona lifted the hem of her willowy blue dress and stepped up into the carriage.  She held out her hand for Minsha, who took it gladly and followed her up.
"Are you sure you don't want to come?" she asked Yalania, who stood off to the side under the shade of a tree in the front yard.
Yalania shook her head.  "No, I'll be fine.  You two go and have fun.  Buy something nice for yourselves, I'll come with you next time."
Minsha plopped down into the thick cushions and stretched out, setting her bare feet on the railing behind the driver.  She carried a pair of sandals in her hand but for now she remained barefoot.  Alona sat down beside her and gave Yalania a wave as the carriage pulled out of the driveway and through the gate.
The driver was a young man named Serlain, and seated behind him was Tomis, one of the household servants.  Alona thought of him as just a boy, but he was already thirteen years old.  Tomis was a sweet lad, so Alona asked him to come along on their shopping trip to help carry the bags.  He rarely got the chance to leave the house, so he treated the errand as an adventure of sorts.
Alona put her hand on Minsha's and gave it a warm squeeze as she cuddled up beside her.  "We picked a good day for this.  The weather is perfect."
Minsha nodded.  "You know why Yalania did not want to come with us?"
"I suppose she knows about you and me.  I think everyone knows now."
"Yes, and she does not like it.  She will not say so, of course.  But she believes very strongly that physical love should only be between men and women."
Alona could only shrug.  "It doesn't matter what she thinks.  Besides, even I know it's not uncommon for women to sleep together.  Even men sleep with other men," she added, thinking about the two soldiers who brought her to Samorath a lifetime ago.  She briefly wondered what happened to Dashelus.  She hoped he was happy, wherever he was.
Minsha seemed pleased at her response.  "Jasamina is happy for us, though."
"Yes, and Oalun too, apparently."
"Oalun is happy for himself," Minsha said with a sly smile.
The carriage clattered down the alley and turned onto a street, wandering pedestrians getting out of their way.  Serlain flicked the reins and made a clicking noise with his mouth, and the horses increased their pace, the sound of their horseshoes echoing back behind them.  The young boy Tomis leaned forward in his seat to get a good view of the residential street.  Alona didn't think there was much to see, just houses and small buildings, so she slouched in her cushion and folded her hands in her lap.  Minsha rested her head on Alona's shoulder.
Oalun's estate was located in the Third District, one of the upper-class residential areas of Samorath.  Many of the high-ranking local officials had homes nearby, gated off and accessible only by private driveways.  The main street was populated by middle-class merchants, politicians, and other businessmen, and the homes, while not as large as Oalun's, were still very respectable, with large windows, colored slate roofs, and large gardens out back.  It was still midmorning, and at this time of day there wasn't much street traffic except local residents walking up and down the avenue and children playing out front of the houses.  Alona could hear their high-pitched laughter as the carriage rode by.
Even though she'd lived in Samorath for five years now, Alona didn't really know the city that well.  When she first married Oalun, she was too afraid to leave the house very often, and then she never had much reason to, since the servants did all the shopping and she could do whatever she wished at the house.  She never bothered to leave the house without taking a carriage since she didn't know where anything was, and she would only get lost anyway.
"I think I will get some honey cakes," Minsha said, relaxing in her seat.  "And maybe there will be different prayer candles for sale.  There are many more Darvosh merchants than there used to be.  It has been a long time since I looked for new candles."
"Where do you normally purchase them?"
"There is a seller with a booth on the Grand Boulevard who sells all kinds of candles.  It took months for me to find his little store.  Most people here do not use prayer candles."
"If more people from Darvosia come to live in Samorath, maybe there will be more people who share your religion," Alona said hopefully.
"Our religion," Minsha corrected her with a grin.
"Oh, I don't know," she said, looking away.  "I grew up with the Mother and Father, even if I don't really believe everything I was taught, I still believe they exist."
"Maybe they do.  And Union exists as well.  Maybe both religions are true."
"I never thought of that.  Do you think it's possible?"
"I cannot say.  I only know what I feel in my heart, and that tells me that Union is true."
Alona still didn't know what she really believed anymore.  The world was the way it was, with or without the Mother and Father, she thought.  So maybe it didn't matter whether or not she believed in them.  And while she liked the theology of Union and the concept of people living one life after the other, she didn't really believe in that either, at least not yet.  She could take part in Minsha's prayers, but deep down she didn't really share them.  But she had to admit to herself that praying to Union had given her one good thing in life so far.
Ever since that first night with Minsha, she felt as if her whole life had opened up.  It amazed her how much stress and frustration melted away as soon as she let her feelings come out, and it was only then that she had to admit to herself just how long she had repressed her emotions.  For five years she lived with Minsha and never once examined her feelings.  It took one night under the influence of the prayer candles for her to open her eyes, and she would not trade that for anything.
Minsha was now like her sister and her lover and her friend all in one.  As she sat in the carriage, enjoying the ride, she held Minsha's hand and intertwined their fingers.  She regretted bitterly the years that she had spent in denial, and she wondered why Minsha had waited so long to finally make her realize the truth.
Serlain directed the carriage through a noisy intersection, a neighborhood fruit seller shouting his offerings, juicy apples and plump grapes.  Alona sat up and called for Serlain to stop the carriage for a moment, and leaned over the edge, waving for the seller to come over.
"Grapes, please," she said.  "Two clusters."
"Here you go, my fine lady," the seller said, handing them to her.  She pressed some coins into his palm and sent him on his way.  Serlain snapped the reins and the horses pulled forward again.
Alona sat back and flicked a grape into her mouth, smiling at the sweetness when she bit down on it.  She plucked another and held it out for Minsha, who laughed and opened her mouth.  Alona put it inside and laughed as well.
"It feels so nice today," she sighed.  "Such a beautiful day.  Nothing can go wrong."
"Yes, a good day to spend together.  It is good that Yalania chose not to join us.  Now it is just you and I all day."
Alona glanced up at the driver's seat, but both Tomis and Serlain were looking straight ahead.  She grinned mischievously and leaned in for a kiss.  "Maybe tonight you and I can ??"
Minsha giggled, taking some grapes for herself.  "Are you in the mood, my love?  Maybe Oalun will bring us both into bed with him.  I think he wants that."
"I would rather it was just the two of us," Alona smiled.
The carriage bumped over some uneven sections of the street and they pulled out onto the main avenue known as Merchant's Lane.  It was the main street heading northwest from the dock and warehouse area of the Seventh District, nicknamed Harbortown.  The wide street was about two miles long, and most of the local sellers and merchants who received goods in Harbortown hawked their wares to residents of the city all up and down the street.  The sellers lined up with long tables and booths, selling goods like fresh fish, vegetables, spices, pottery, and less-expensive clothing.  In general, Alona liked to shop there instead of the many other merchant-packed parts of the city because it was less crowded and the sellers were more agreeable.
Merchant's Lane was not as huge and overwhelming as the Grand Boulevard, which catered to a more varied group of customers looking for expensive items like jewelry, gems, fine clothing, and weapons.  Alona could still remember the hectic shouting and bustling of bodies at the West Gate when she entered the city for the very first time.  The merchants nearest to the city gates catered primarily to visitors and travelers, and the prices were usually much higher.
They parked the carriage at a narrow cul-de-sac one street down from Merchant's Lane, and Tomis quickly hopped down to open the door and help them climb out.  Minsha put on her sandals first and then took Tomis' hand to help her down.  The street was covered in dirt and smeared with horse dung and other foul things.  Both of them wore dresses that ended above their ankles, to keep them from dragging in the filth.
"Serlain, you'll stay here with the horses?"
"Yes, my Lady."
"Okay, we'll be back in an hour or so."
When they walked out to the street, the ground sloped downwards all the way to Harbortown at the south end, and Alona could make out the hundreds of long wooden docks sticking out into the bay and ships of all sizes packed along the jagged line of piers and docks and warehouses crammed down along the edge of the water.  There were tiny fishing ships squeezing into narrow spaces to unload their catch, heavy merchant vessels from Darvosia as well as other Arvian cities loaded with everything from cloth to spice to gold and jewels, and even a few military ships from the Grand Navy seated in the harbor.  Standing in the middle of the street, Alona could see straight down to the nearly the full length of Harbortown and the Golden Sea beyond.
At the moment, Merchant's Lane was full of shoppers and people wandering about, the baskets hanging from their arms full of fish and baked goods, cheap pottery and metalware, jeweled trinkets and even jugs of good wine and cider.  Old women haggled prices with sellers at the fish row, children darted between the clustered bodies, some of them likely pickpockets, and dock workers carried crates of goods from carts to place out for sale.  As usual at this time of morning, the entire street was busy and roaring with voices.  Alona smiled to herself and set out with Minsha at her side, and Tomis trailing behind, carrying some cloth bags for their purchases.
Minsha found a seller with freshly-baked honey cakes and bought one for herself and one for Tomis as well, who stuffed it in his mouth with a happy smile.  They passed by tables of cheap pottery, long rolls of cloth in various colors, thick rugs and ornate tapestries, and wooden carvings.  Farther down the street, they could smell fish long before they reached the sellers with long racks of their daily catch.  The street underneath their tables was covered in dripping blood and fish guts.  Huge fish with glistening silver scales were draped across the racks, small blue ones with brightly-colored fins, and even stranger sea creatures like squid were available for sale.
They filled up one of their bags with fresh spiced bread and bundles of herbs.  Minsha was delighted to see some wind chimes made from bright gemstones, while Alona looked through some sheets of silky fabric.  They continued down the avenue, glancing across the tables and racks of goods.  Alona walked with a bouncy stride, enjoying the sunny weather and the feel of the sea breeze rolling up the avenue from the harbor.
"What is that?" she heard someone say behind her.
She walked over to a seller who had tall vases and clay pots full of flowers.  Cupping a bundle in her hand, she pressed her face into the flowers and breathed in.  She didn't intend to buy any, since they already grew plenty of flowers in the garden, but she always looked over them to see if there were any varieties they didn't have.
"Oh my," someone else said.  "What is going on down there?"
"Why are there so many ships?"
Alona turned around and saw that several people were just standing in the middle of the street, gazing downhill toward Harbortown.  A few people farther down the street were shouting something, and it seemed like everyone turned to look.  
Minsha came over and stared past Alona, raising her arm to point.  "Look," she said, her voice sounding brittle.  "Look at that."
"What is it?" Alona asked, gazing down to the end of the street.  She didn't see anything, but then she heard a cry of surprise, and looked out beyond the edge of the docks.
Then she saw it.  Just on the horizon but now moving closer, she could make out dozens of ships.  More than just dozens, she suddenly realized that there had to be more than a hundred of them, suddenly appearing out in the sea.  They were all moving toward the city.
"What is going on?" someone cried.
"I don't recognize those sails," a man said from behind the merchant tables.  "What ships are those?  They aren't trading vessels, there are too many ..."
"Alona," Minsha said, grabbing her arm.  "We should go."
"I don't understand," she whispered, starting to shake her head.
The entire Bay of Gold seemed to fill up with ships, hundreds of them, with bleak gray sails and long maroon hulls that sliced through the water like a knife blade.  More and more of them, sweeping north toward the city.
Alona felt frozen to the ground, but on the edge of her vision she could see some of the other customers and people starting to back away, heading back up the street.  A few people hurried past, and then more of them, running from something Alona could not quite recognize.
The Grand Navy ships moved as one, surging away from the city, but there were only a handful of them against hundreds.  The oncoming vessels skipped across the water with unbelievable speed, halving the distance to the city.  As soon as the Grand Navy ships cut across to intercept them, they had no choice but to swing around and try to block the intruders.  Alona was much too far away to hear the sound of breaking beams and crashing wood, but she flinched all the same as she watched one of the massive Grand Army ships break in half as it was rammed by several of the other ships at once, splitting in two with a spray of water and splintering wood.
People began to scream.  Minsha was yanking on her arm.  "Alona!  We have to get out of here now!"  Tomis was there, shouting and pointing, their bags dropped by his feet.
"What is happening?" Alona cried, staring in shock.
"They are attacking us!"
The invading ships raced forward, filling the entire sea like swarming insects, until they were right on the edge of the harbor, blocking the other ships from getting out.  Alona blinked in disbelief as a flash of light erupted from one of the ships and flew across the open water.  It struck the edge of the long wooden boardwalk along the edge of the warehouses, and then exploded in a swirling ball of flame.  More ships began launching balls of fire that exploded along the rows of trapped ships and docks, spreading waves of flame and smoke.
All of Merchant's Lane turned into a screaming mob in seconds, as people dropped their purchases and ran for their lives.  A wall of bodies flooded up the street, howling in terror.  Behind them, more fiery missiles exploded along the docks, sending up blazing columns of debris.  Smoke filled the air, and the only thing anyone could hear was panicked screams.
"Alona!  Now!"  Minsha begged, pulling her away.
She stumbled and began to run, with Minsha beside her, running for her life.  The crowd around them was a wild stampede, knocking over tables and trampling anyone who tripped and fell.  A thousand people surged up the street as the invading enemy ships sailed right to the city among the burning remains of Harbortown.
"Where's Tomis?" Alona cried.
Minsha tugged her away from the street, cutting in between merchant booths.  "I do not know, he ran off already!"
"We have to find him!"
"There is no time!  We must get out of here!"
They ran down the sidewalk, back behind the merchant tables, dodging stacks of empty crates and barrels.  Behind them, more people followed, knocking down the tables and spilling all their expensive goods across the pavement.  More people were running from the harbor, screaming and wild-eyed in the throes of absolute panic.
They darted down an alley strewn with garbage, and Alona grabbed at the railing of a staircase leading up to the second floor of the building.  She swung herself around and started up the steps.
"No!" Minsha cried in despair.  "What are you doing?"
"I have to see!" Alona shouted, barely aware of what she was doing.
She jumped up the stairs, almost tripping on her dress, and staggered to the second-floor balcony.  Minsha came up behind her, shouting something.  But she ignored it and ran around to the front of the building, where she could look out across all of Merchant's Lane and down to the sea.  Huge black towers of black smoke rose from the burning wreckage of dozens of ships, and even from this distance, she could make out the invading ships unloading their soldiers wherever they could.  She saw warriors, hundreds of them, already pouring out onto the streets, like bees swarming from a hive.  More ships in the harbor launched fireballs into the buildings and homes along the Prince's Avenue.  Alona could see all the way down to the dingy black shops and brothels of Sweet Harbor, and even as she watched, fire began to break out there.
"Union save us," Minsha whispered in shock.  "Union protect us."
"May the Mother and Father preserve us," Alona said, not caring if the Mother and Father were real or not.  
Minsha grabbed her arm.  "We must get out of here."
"Yes, let's go.  We have to find Tomis.  How do we get back to the carriage?"
"Forget the carriage.  There is no way we will be able to use it now."
They ran back down to the street and followed the alley as it emerged out to another street.  A few dozen people were running north, carrying bags of whatever they could take.  Smoke from the burning wreckage of Harbortown was drifting along after them like a supernatural fog.  Alona and Minsha ran after the others, hearing more screams.
They heard the sound of approaching horses before they could see them, alerted by the thunder of hooves on stone and the clank of armor.  Mounted soldiers of the Grand Army appeared at the top of the street and charged down at full speed, forcing anyone in their way to duck for cover.  More than a hundred of them galloped past, swords drawn and faces grim.  Not long after, more soldiers followed after on foot, running straight into the heart of the battle in Harbortown.  Even from such a great distance, Alona felt she could hear the screams and clamor of combat.  It was like a steady grumbling roar, and if they stood still to listen, it sounded like it was always getting closer.
"Can they fight them off?" Alona asked no one, hurrying up the sidewalk as another squad of soldiers ran past.
A few people stood on their porches, dumbfounded at the panic gripping the crowd.  They didn't know what was happening yet, but soon the entire city would know.  Surely, the King already knew about the attack.  Alona felt like the entire Grand Army must be charging into Harbortown that very moment to fight off the invaders.
"Which way?" Alona asked, stopping at at corner to catch her breath.  "How do we get back home from here?"  She glanced briefly back the way they had come, and saw that the sky to the south was almost completely black with smoke.
"I do not know," Minsha said miserably, pressing her hands against her chest.  "I think we go that way, but I do not know what street we are on now."
"I hope Serlain isn't waiting for us."
"If he is smart, he is already gone."
Alona nodded, leaning against the wall.  More people hurried past, carrying whatever they could fit in their arms.  A woman, tears streaming down her face, ran up the block with a young child hanging in each arm, a third one chasing after her.  A wagon sat tilted with one wheel broken off, the owner staring around helplessly.  Another handful of armed men stomped their way down the street, yelling at everyone to get inside.
Alona and Minsha went another few blocks, not knowing if it was the right direction.  In some places, the street was empty.  In others, they saw mobs of people running this way and that, as the madness of the attack began to settle.  Alona feared that there might be rioting or looting if the situation deteriorated.  Anyone living near Harbortown would have already left or been killed, so their homes would be open to looters as well as the invaders.  Once people in the nearby neighborhoods began to panic that they were at risk, any semblance of order would fall right apart, and the army was too busy fighting to deal with violence among the city's residents.  Alona could only hope they could fight off the invasion and restore order before things got that bad.
"There!" Minsha said, pointing.  "It is a guard station, we can go there."
They followed a few other evacuees to the guard compound, where local city guardsmen were on duty.  Half a dozen guards stood at the heavy iron gate, ushering people inside and keeping watch out in the street, their faces betraying their fear.  City guards weren't the same as soldiers in the Grand Army, and they didn't receive any kind of advanced combat training.  They were more like a local police force than a military unit.
Inside the compound, about a hundred civilians milled around or sat dejectedly on the floor, staring into nothingness.  Some of them were crying to themselves, others were arguing with the guards or with each other.
"Please," a woman sobbed.  "My husband was working on a ship.  You must find out if he's all right.  Please send someone to find him."
"Just get back," a guard said.  "We're not sending anyone out there."
"Who could have done this?  Is it those dark-skinned Darvosian people?"
Alona said quickly, "It's not the Darvosh.  We were there, we saw the ships.  They're from some other land, I don't know where."
"How can you be sure?"  Suddenly a few people noticed Minsha and their eyes hardened.
The guard came to her rescue, stepping in front of them.  "They aren't from Darvosia," he said firmly, "We heard that from the army messenger a few minutes ago.  The attackers are from a place called Tetharos.  That's all we know."
"What else did the messenger say?"
"He told us all to stay put and wait here.  Nobody's going down where the fighting is.  Until the battle's over, the entire city's being locked down.  They've already shut the city gates."
"And when will the battle be over?" an old man said.  "For all you know, it will take days."
"Then it will take days," the guard snapped.
"What if they keep fighting and the battle reaches us here?"
"There's no sense in thinking about that now.  The army is surrounding the entire harbor.  It will take some time, but they're going to push those monsters right back into the sea.  Until then, we need to keep the streets clear and stay safe."
They seemed to accept that as an answer, and some of them shuffled away.  As the guard went to return to the gate, Alona clutched his sleeve.
"My name is Alona," she said, "and this is Minsha.  We are wives of Oalun of family Tasla.  He is one of the Administrators in the Grand Palace.  Is there any way we can send word to him that we are okay?"
"Not right now," the guard said, shaking his head.  "The next time an army messenger comes by, we'll give him the information and tell him to pass it on."
"Good, thank you."
As she walked back to Minsha, she suddenly felt very tired.  Her feet and legs hurt from running, and she only now realized that her head was pounding.  She looked down and saw that the bottom of her dress was ripped and dirty.  It must have ripped when she stepped on it climbing the stairs.  But she considered herself lucky if she could escape that nightmare with nothing worse than a ripped dress.  
Sitting down against the wall, she put her arm around Minsha's shoulders and let out a long, weary sigh.  Minsha was crying softly, her arms wrapped around her knees.
"We're okay," Alona said.  "Serlain and Tomis are okay too, I know they are."
"What are we going to do now?" Minsha asked, wiping her nose.
"We have to wait here until someone comes and gets us.  We'll find a way to let Oalun know where we are, and he'll send someone for us, I'm sure of it."
"How could something like this happen?"
"I don't know.  But I know that the army will fight them off.  All we can do is be strong until the battle is over."
Here inside the compound, she could no longer hear the distant sounds of battle, but she could feel it, as if the ground was shaking.  She almost wanted to climb to the top of the wall outside and take a look.  But she knew that she wouldn't see anything but smoke in the sky.
"We're going to be okay," she said, either to Minsha or to herself, she wasn't sure.
Chapter Twenty Nine
Interrogation

In the basement of Fort Tagon, there were a dozen small rooms that had a variety of uses over the years.  Sometimes they were simply used as storage rooms, but they were intended to be used as dungeon cells for prisoners, even though Tagon usually had few of those.  Now, six of them were occupied with the North Spike raiders they had captured after the battle.
Oskern sat in a chair across from one of the prisoners, who was dressed in dirty leather and still had blood caked on the front of his pants.  The prisoner was tied down to a chair, which was bolted to the floor.  His ankles and wrists were restrained with tight manacles.  Behind him stood Jannick, his arm in a sling.
"You dags for that skenna King," the raider spat, leaning as far forward as his restraints would allow.  Half of his teeth were black with decay, and his cheeks were sunken with malnutrition.  He didn't smell too good, either.
Oskern leaned back with one leg propped up on the other.  He casually cut chunks out of an apple with his knife and tossed them into his mouth.
"You know," he said, chewing thoughtfully, "we can do this all day.  I haven't even ordered my man here to start tearing your fingernails off yet.  You could save yourself a whole lot of trouble and just tell me what their plans are."
"Go dags off, slave.  You gots nothing to fear me with," the raider cackled.  "I cut four of your skenna boys.  Puts me ahead four to one!"
"Jannick?" Oskern said.
The raider's head snapped to the side as Jannick struck him in the face.  The sling threw off Jannick's balance a bit, but Oskern didn't need precision.  He was still going soft on his prisoner.  If this one didn't want to talk right away, he had five others he could try out.
"That man there only has one good arm," he said, pointing at Jannick.  "But one arm is enough for him to beat you to death with.  The only skenna coward here is you.  By the way you smell, I'm guessing you pissed your pants as soon as the fighting started.  We found you hiding in the stable, if I remember correctly."
"Dags you, slave," the raider said, spitting again.
"The Tetharosans wanted to take Fort Bakk and go down the river.  I know they didn't care about Fort Tagon, since they sent scum like you here instead of attacking it themselves.  But I want to know exactly what their plan was, if they had succeeded in taking Bakk.  What were they going to do?  Where were they sending their forces?  To Silvertown?"
The raider only laughed, blood dribbling down his lip.  "Kezh-ketha don't tell me nothing, slave.  Kezh-ketha don't trust nobody that ain't gots blue faces.  You think they secret us their schemes?"
"You call them Kezh-ketha.  Is that what they call themselves?"
"Yaya, names they give."
"Do they have a leader?  Who commands their forces?"
"They gots no King," the raider said, baring his ugly teeth.  "No skenna King like you gots, slave.  You think free men would join swords with slaves?"
Oskern bit into another slice of apple and wiped his mouth.  The Tetharosans had to have a ruler or a leader.  Mobilizing that many soldiers for an invasion would be impossible without some kind of central authority.  But that didn't mean a King, of course.  He figured the Tetharosans had a religious ruler, a priest or a holy man who was giving the orders.
But in the assault on Bakk, no one saw any officers or commanders leading the attack.  The Tetharosan warriors didn't appear to have anyone giving them specific orders.  They all just ran into battle and attacked in force, without any commanders behind the lines.  That didn't mean the raider was right.  Probably, the Tetharosans thought the raiders were not worthy of their respect, and simply neglected to mention who was actually calling the shots.
"How many more men do they have?  Do they have more ships?"
"Does I look like I count them, slave?  They gots thousands more men, they boast."
"And where are they sending them?"
"Everywhere," the raider said, glaring at him.  "You dags off now.   Kezh-ketha gonna burn your King alive like a pig."
"Jannick?"
Another hard punch to the face left the raider reeling, blood dripping from his chin.  He shook his head and gave Oskern the most defiant stare he could muster, and Jannick hit him again, putting all of his weight into the punch.  This time, the raider didn't move.
Oskern tossed away the apple core and sat up, pulling a pair of gloves from his pocket.  He put them on and then walked over to the raider.  Grabbing him just under the chin, he tilted the man's face up and said, "Take a few minutes to think about what's going to happen next.  I'll ask you some more questions when I get back, and if I don't like the answers, then Jannick is going to start breaking your fingers.  I have all day.  You, on the other hand?  Today might be all you have."
Shianne was waiting out in the hall when Oskern and Jannick left the room.  She looked unscathed from the battle, but Oskern knew that she had bandaged gashes underneath the sleeves of her jacket, and a shallow puncture wound on her hip from when a raider had stabbed her with an arrow.  She had her arms crossed over her chest, and her usual disapproving look on her stern face.
"That one isn't going to give you anything useful," she said.
"Not much of a start, I'll admit," Oskern said as they stepped away from the door.  There was a small barred window in the door to let people look inside, but it also allowed prisoners to hear voices in the hall.  "But maybe one of the other ones will be more cooperative."
"I'm curious.  What does 'skenna' mean?"
"Skinny," Jannick answered.  "It means weak or cowardly."
Shianne glanced through the tiny barred window into the room.  "He's one to talk.  He's nothing but skin and bones."
Oskern said, "And he called the King that.  Karustra's big and strong enough to tear that guy's head off if he wanted to."
"They're all so pathetic," Shianne said.  "You know we're not going to get any good information out of them.  Torturing them seems like nothing but a waste of time."
"Perhaps, but it makes me feel better," Oskern said lightly.  "That one in there might not have anything to tell us, but if we can make him scream a little bit, maybe the others will know that we're serious."
"I'm pretty sure they already know that."
"He killed four men," Jannick reminded her.  "Or at least he claims he did."
She shrugged.  "I suppose you're right.  But I would just kill them and get it over with."
"Don't worry," he said, rubbing his arm.  "We will."
Oskern went for the next room and opened the door.  Inside sat another North Spike raider, tied to his chair like the first one.  His long hair was half-gray and hung down below his shoulders in greasy tangles.  Bruises marked his thin face, and he had a dirty rag tied around his wrist, which was scabbed over with dried blood.  When Oskern came into the room, he looked up and narrowed his eyes.
Jannick followed Oskern into the room and stood by the wall.  Oskern crossed his arms and looked down at the prisoner.  With their poor nutrition and harsh life in the north, it was hard to tell how old he was, but he looked like he was older than Oskern was by quite a few years.
"You the boss in charge here?" the raider said in a raspy voice.
"I am," Oskern replied.
"No, you ain't.  You just think you are.  You a slave like the rest."
"You ever met a slave?" Oskern asked conversationally, pulling up a chair.  "I mean a real slave, like the ones from Darvosia?  Those people have no rights and they get bought and sold like slabs of meat.  I don't have much in common with them."
"Keep saying that to yourself."  The raider's tone of voice remained neutral, neither mocking or insulting, as if he was stating a simple fact.  His Spike accent also wasn't as thick as the other man's.
"Where are you from?" Oskern asked.  "Ronelis?"
"True, I was born there.  A town called Trennill.  I left when I was fifteen."
"Why?"
"Didn't like their rules," the raider said.  "Don't like any man telling me what I can and can't do with my own labor.  That's how slaves live."
"And how do you live?  Scraping by, barely getting enough food to eat?  Stealing from other people, taking advantage of their labor?  I might be a slave, but you're just a thief."
"Better a thief than a slave."
Oskern glanced up at Jannick, who stood out of the prisoner's line of sight.  Jannick merely shrugged.  He wasn't there to discuss the finer points of social life.  He was there because none of the other squad sergeants had the stomach to do what needed to be done.  Secretly, Oskern was okay with that.  Jannick was a good man, but his moral compass had a very limited range.
"So tell me about Tetharos," Oskern said.
"Never been there," the raider replied easily.  He shifted in his seat and pulled lightly on his restraints, as is simply trying to make himself more comfortable.
"How long have you been planning this attack?"
The man shrugged.  "Couple years."
"How long ago did the Tetharosans contact you?"
"They never did.  It was the others, the Shagarosh.  We been trading with them for awhile now."
"I assume you mean the Shargossans.  What did you trade them, exactly?  You don't have anything worth trading for."
"Information.  They give us weapons and we tell them what we know, things like that."
Oskern already knew most of this, but it was worthwhile to hear the raider reaffirm it, to keep him talking.  They had known for a long time that the Shargossans made contact with the North Spike first, and Tetharos followed long after.
"Who's actually in charge?  Is Shargossa taking orders from Tetharos or is it the other way around?"
"How's I gonna know that?   Just a thief, you know."
"The men who attacked Fort Bakk were from Tetharos."
"Yaya, so?"
"So you must have been working with them.  You might have overheard something."
The man shook his head.  "They don't talk to us.  I don't even know if they could.  They talk like gibberish, you know.  Only the Shagarosh could talk with us."
"What did they tell you, then?"
"We supposed to strike this place here and kill everybody.  Pretty simple plan.  They give us weapons and boats and all that."
"What else were you getting out of this?  What did they promise you?"
"We were gonna get all the mountain land." 
"You could have land in the mountains right now, if you really wanted.  The Grand Empire wouldn't try to stop you.  I was in the mountains just a few years ago, as a matter of fact, and some of the villages I passed had almost no contact with the Grand Empire at all."
The raider looked at him neutrally.  "Maybe they ain't slaves as much as you, but they still slaves.  All of you slaves here."
"You know what I think?" Oskern said, leaning forward and putting his elbows on his knees.  "I don't think any of you men on the Spike really believe that slavery nonsense.  I think you just enjoy stealing and killing people, but the Empire won't let you get away with it."
"I just want to be free," the raider said.  "Free to do whatever I want.  No man can tell me otherwise.  That includes being free to steal and kill too, I guess."
"You think the Tetharosans would let you live like that?  You'd just start stealing from them too, eventually, and they'd fight you just like we do.  Besides, how are they any different than us?  They're slaves too, as far as you're concerned."
"They let us live how we want.  They don't have no King.  They don't have rules and laws like you slaves do."
"You know that for a fact?  Or did they just tell you that?"
The raider didn't answer.  Instead, a hint of a smile crept onto his lips, but Oskern ignored it and continued with the questioning.  He leaned back in his chair and said, "So, you couldn't talk with the men from Tetharos.  What do they call themselves again?  Kasketta or something?"
"Kezh-ketha," the man said, pronouncing it carefully.
"Whatever.  But the Shagarosh could talk to you.  So what did they tell you?  They ordered you to attack Fort Tagon, but what about the Kezh-ketha?"
"What about them?"
"What's their goal?  Do they want to attack the cities farther inland, or just conquer the coast?  Where else are they planning to attack?" 
"What do you think, slave?  They gonna attack everywhere."
"Everywhere?"
Suddenly, the raider laughed.  It was a harsh, humorless sound.  "You stupid slaves don't know nothing, do you?  For a bit, I thought you had some idea."
"An idea about what?" Oskern asked.  A prickly sensation crept up his spine.
"Kezh-ketha ain't coming here to raze some cities and steal your women," the raider said through bared teeth.  "They ain't thieves like me.  They coming to conquer your entire pathetic slave empire.  They gonna burn the whole thing down.  I thought you figured that out already."
"We defeated them at the river."
The raider hacked out another grating laugh, pulling hard at his restraints.  "You think that's all the swords they had?  They got thousands more where that came from, slave.  Like I say, we been planning for years.  Kezh-ketha got enough swords to drown you all and destroy all of this."
Oskern tried to sound unconcerned.  "Did they tell you that, too?"
"We seen them.  Not me, but some of my mates did.  Last year the Shagarosh took a few of us across the ocean to see.  They wanted us to know how strong Kezh-ketha was."
"So how strong are they?  How many men?  How many ships?"
"A thousand ships.  A hundred men each ship.  More than that."
"That's insane," Oskern said, unable to imagine a force so large.
"You ain't got no chance," the raider said.  "Maybe you kill some of them, but next time they gonna come at you twice as hard.  Kezh-ketha gonna burn everything down.  Tell your slave King that his time is up."
Oskern had heard just about enough.  He stood up and motioned for Jannick to follow him out of the room.
The raider pulled hard at the chains and glared at them.  "You wanna know the truth, slave?  You really wanna know the real bad truth?  Free men in the North been praying to their god for years now, the God of Fire.  Kezh-ketha gonna give us the mountains and leave us alone once this war all over, because we part of them now.  We just don't have blue tattoos on our faces yet."
Oskern's blood froze as his hand touched the doorknob.  A memory of a burned-out village littered with corpses flashed into his mind.  He gave the raider one final glance and then opened the door.  The raider's harsh laughter followed him out into the hall.
"Do you believe him?" Shianne asked warily, when they had walked out of earshot of the door.
"I don't know," Oskern said, shaking his head.  "But I don't like it.  If he's telling the truth about even half of what he said, then we have to reinforce our defenses, and we have to do it yesterday.  Send someone to Bakk and get a message to the capital as soon as we can."
"Yes, sir," Shianne said, and she hurried off.
"You want to talk to the rest of them?" Jannick asked.
"Not now, maybe later."  
"I didn't even get to break any fingers."
"We'll squeeze them for more information later.  Right now, we have enough to worry about."
They walked up the stairs and nodded to the guards.  The entire fort was short-handed, and there were only two guards on duty in the main fort, when normally there would be a dozen.  Oskern had no choice but to send some more men to Bakk, leaving him with an even smaller force to manage.  On top of that, they convinced some of the workers and villagers from Bakk to come to Tagon, since they lost almost everyone.  They needed servants, stablehands, blacksmiths, physicians, and anyone else they could get.  Oskern couldn't get people fast enough.  Earlier that morning he sent runners north and south to the closest villages, in the hopes of convincing some of the people there to move to Tagon or Bakk temporarily to help rebuild.  Maybe some of them would decide to stay.
Back in the outer fort, it was still a disaster.  They hadn't even taken care of all their dead yet, a fact that nagged at him constantly.  Out in the field, a dozen men were hard at work with shovels, constructing pyres as fast as they could.  The dead raiders were dumped in a ravine half a mile to the east, but the innocent residents of Tagon would all be given the dignity of a funeral pyre.
"Somebody coming on a horse!" a guard up on the wall shouted down.  "Dressed like a solder, and he's coming fast!"
"Open up the gate," Oskern ordered, increasing his pace.
"Got to be bad news," Jannick said.
Oskern agreed silently.  There was no good news coming from Bakk, that was certain.  He had a terrible sinking feeling in his gut that Edrigo had succumbed to his injuries, or some other disaster.
The gate swung open and the rider galloped inside, swinging his leg off his mount and dropping to the ground before the animal had even stopped.  The beast had been run ragged, foam at the edges of its mouth and a glazed look in its eyes.  
With a start, Oskern realized the rider had not come from Bakk.  Somehow, that made the prospect of bad news much, much worse.
The rider wasn't a man, either.  It was a woman with long blonde hair tucked into the collar of her leather jacket.  There was a sheen of sweat across her face, and her clothing still had dust from the road.  She panted for breath and looked around.
"Who's in command here?  I was told to report to Commander Oskern."
"That's me," he said, walking up to her.  "What's going on?"
"Samorath has been attacked!" the messenger blurted, hands on her knees as she tried to catch her breath.  "I've come straight from the capital.  Invaders from Tetharos attacked the city six days ago!"
The world froze around him.  The woman's words had the effect of a magic spell, stopping time and clenching an icy fist over his heart.  Everyone just stared in utter disbelief, stopping what they were doing and just gaping at the messenger.  Even the insects and birds and waves on the shore seemed to grow silent, giving the entire fort a deadly calm.
"You better have more than just words," Oskern choked out.
She fumbled in her jacket and handed him a sheet of parchment.  It was just a scrap of paper, but it was official.  Oskern's eyes burned across the hastily-written text, and saw the Imperial Emblem and the official insignia of both High General Toskanus and General Raluen.
"The King ordered all available squads to return to the capital at once," the messenger said as more men gathered around them.  "The invaders took all of Harbortown and the Sailor's Watch and burned hundreds of buildings!  They came with a fleet of more than two hundred ships!  Every soldier in the Grand Army is needed to defend the capital!"
Oskern clenched his fists, crumpling the parchment in his hand.  The raider knew that his information was worthless, that's why he had given it so freely.  Trying to interrogate them was a complete waste of time, and the thought that the prisoners had toyed with him burned furiously in his mind.
All around him, his men were waiting for him to say something.
"Sergeant Shianne!" he bellowed.
She came running, her red hair waving around her head like a fiery corona.  She had heard the messenger's report and knew what it meant.
Oskern shouted loud enough for everyone within a hundred yards to hear him.  The messenger woman flinched and backed away at the ferocious edge to his voice.  "I want everyone in this entire fort - and I mean everyone! - ready to move out in two hours' time!  We are going to abandon the Fort Tagon and regroup at Fort Bakk!  Get every horse and cart and wagon you can scrounge up and load as many supplies as you can!  We are moving out in two hours!"
"We can't just abandon this place," Shianne said firmly.
"We don't have a choice.  We don't have the manpower to hold both of them.  The river must be defended, so we'll focus all our strength there.  Every soldier who can still carry their sword is going to Samorath."
Shianne closed her mouth and pressed her lips together.  Unlike most of his other Sergeants, including Horunus, she was fearless when it came to disagreeing with her superior officers.  Ordering the men to abandon their post and simply leave the fort undefended was practically treason.  She would be perfectly within her rights to defy his order, and they both knew it.
But she wasn't that stubborn.  Not at the time like this.  "Yes, sir," she said, and ran off shouting orders.  Everyone else was already on the move, dropping whatever work they were doing to spread the news and begin the impossible task of packing up everything they could grab in two short hours.
Oskern returned his gaze to the messenger.  "You.  What's your name?"
"Valinsia of family Tenarion," she answered.
"You've already been to Fort Bakk, is that right?  You know that we were attacked just yesterday.  We lost hundreds of men, and dozens more are too wounded to fight."
"Yes, sir, I know."
"What are your orders?"
"To deliver the message.  Nothing else."
"Then you're under my command now.  Go help the others."
"Yes, sir!"
Jannick was still there standing next to him.  "What are you going to do?  Do you really think we can move out all these men in two hours?"
"We're damn well going to try," Oskern snapped, hurrying off toward the main fort.  "She said Samorath was attacked six days ago, and it's going to take us at least that long to make it all the way there.  By the time we arrive, the invasion will be two weeks old.  It might be over by now."
"So what are you going to do?"
"I have to get some things from my office."
"Do you need my help?  I should probably go with Shianne."
"No, you have something else that needs to be done."
Jannick looked blank for a moment, and then it dawned on him.  "The prisoners?"
"Take care of them and do it quick.  When you're finished, head to the infirmary.  You're in charge of moving the wounded.  Shianne will handle everyone else."
As Jannick ran off, Oskern took a moment to pause and look around the fort at the frenzy of activity everywhere around him.  His orders were perfectly clear.  But his superiors in Samorath didn't know about the attack on the forts yet.  For all Oskern knew, half of the coastal cities in Thonelis were under attack.  Carthen and Teshiel might be burning at that very moment.
Bakk would be attacked again, it was almost a certainty.  How soon, though?  How much time did they have to prepare?  If he had to take all their able-bodied men to Samorath, then there was no way they could hold off the invaders a second time.  But there was nothing he could do about it.  Defending the Capital was more important than defending the Silver River.
But the messenger said they brought two-hundred ships to Samorath, which was almost beyond the realm of possibility.  If the official message from the King hadn't verified her claim, he wouldn't have believed it.  How many more men could Tetharos realistically send against them?  
Oskern had a feeling that Bakk would be safe for the time being.  If the enemy could have sent more warriors to destroy Bakk, then they would have.  Besides, Bakk wasn't even their target, Samorath was.
Fort Tagon would go undefended for the foreseeable future, and that meant he had to gather all of his important documents together to prevent them from falling into enemy hands in case the fort was attacked again at some point in the future.  All his messages and records had to be packed or burned, along with anything else that the enemy might use to their advantage.  Maps, supply orders, anything that could give away defensive details of the surrounding region.
If they left for Samorath today, it would take five days to reach their destination, at the absolute least.  Assuming rotating shifts on the oars, they could keep the ships sailing at a good clip, but their fleet of vessels was limited right now, since some of them were lost in the battle.  It all depended on how many men he had and how many ships it would take to bring them to Silvertown.  If they could get horses for each and every soldier - an utter impossibility, he knew - then they could shave perhaps half a day from their journey.  But no matter how he looked at it, he didn't think they could make it to Samorath in less than five days.  The capital was attacked six days ago.  Eleven days would pass before they made it there.
Oskern's mind churned at the thought of what they might find there.  Could the Grand Army hold off an invasion of such devastating proportions?  The Tetharosans were defeated in Bakk, but maybe the ones who attacked Samorath were better armored and better trained.
Two-hundred ships, he thought.  How many men could that many ships carry?  An Arvian warship might normally fit one-hundred and fifty soldiers, although Oskern intended to pack them in much tighter than that.  If the Tetharosan vessels were of equal size, that meant more than thirty-thousand enemy soldiers, a completely overwhelming and insurmountable number.  The Grand Army could never hope to hold back an enemy force that numbered almost a third of the size of the entire population of Samorath.
But Oskern knew that the Tetharosan vessels didn't hold that many men.  The force that invaded Bakk was just over two-thousand warriors and they needed almost forty ships in total.  So that meant maybe fifty men per ship?  That still equaled almost ten-thousand warriors.  Not as bad as thirty-thousand, but Oskern still had trouble believing that the Grand Army in Samorath could keep them at bay for long, especially if they had already burned most of Harbortown and had an established foothold in the city.
As Oskern tried to plan and organize a full-scale troop movement all the way to the capital, he wondered if there would be anything left of the city to save once they got there.
Chapter Thirty
Invasion

"We've been attacked!" someone cried from the back of the Grand Hall, the words reverberating and echoing down the room over the other mumbled conversations taking place by the many people assembled there.  "An attack in the harbor!"
Oalun jerked upright in his chair, and King Karustra leaped to his feet.  The gathered court members and various onlookers all turned to look as armed soldiers burst inside, members of the Grand Army, their weapons drawn.
"My King!" the one in front shouted, "We've been invaded!  Ships from Tetharos just came up from the Bay and launched an attack!"
Karustra stormed away from the throne as a sense of electric shock seeped into the room, everyone staring around at each other with dumbfounded looks on their faces.  Oalun's jaw dropped in absolute disbelief as the soldier's words began to register.
"Empty the Grand Hall!" Karustra boomed.  "Now!  Send messengers to General Toskanus immediately!  Find someone who can tell me what's going on!"
Immediately, a hundred of people flooded into the Grand Hall at the same time, screaming about an attack, an invasion, ships being burned and foreign warriors marching unimpeded from the harbor.  Karustra's voice was like a boom of thunder, ordering them away.  Some of the other Administrators stumbled from their seats and tried to run after him, but Oalun was too shocked to move.  
Finally, his limbs came to life and he jumped up, scattered thoughts erupting in his brain.  They were being attacked?  It was impossible!  There's no way that enemy ships could just sail right up the Bay and land in Samorath!  There had to be some kind of terrible mistake!
He shoved his way out of the Grand Hall, not even trying to keep up with Karustra, who was flanked on all sides by army soldiers and barking commands.  Oalun would only be in the way, and he had nothing to offer.  Instead, he bolted through one of the side entrances and ran down the hall as fast as he could, feeling like his skin was made of ice and his heart had frozen.  People in the corridors were babbling frantically to each other, news of the attack already spreading like a wildfire through the entire Grand Palace.  In another few minutes, every single person would know.
He ran to his office and found Rathan in the hallway outside, yelling questions at some soldiers as they rushed by.  "Sir!" he cried when he saw Oalun coming, his face pinched and distraught.  "By the Father, is it true?"
"I have no idea," Oalun said.  He pulled Rathan into the office, out of the way of the people hurrying past them.  "But I'm going to find out.  You have to send someone to my house and tell my family what's happening."
Rathan nodded, wiping his forehead.  "Yes, yes, of course."
"See to your own family as well.  But send a messenger to my house and also to the Darvosh Embassy.  Tell Dosha I must talk to him.  Come back here when you can and find me."
"Where are you going?"
"Upstairs.  I need to see this with my own eyes."
"I should come with you."
"No, Rathan.  Do what I told you.  Make sure your wife and children are safe and then come back here later, if you can.  You might not be able to get back inside."
Rathan nodded, looking like it pained him to do so.  "Yes, sir.  I promise I'll be back."
"Go," Oalun urged, and then he was off.
He had to fight his way through some crowds packed in the hall, but he made his way to a wide staircase leading up to the second level of the Grand Palace, where the King and his family kept their living quarters.  He rushed past the guards and frantic servants and then up another set of stairs, feeling like his heart was about to explode.  His breath came in great gulps of air as he ran through another long corridor.  A few other people, servants and minor politicians, were already there ahead of him, crowding around the doorway at the far end of the hallway.
The Grand Balcony looked out across the city of Samorath from a great vantage point, down along the Grand Boulevard in a southwestern direction, giving a complete view of half of the city.  From there, a spectator could stare out across miles of dense streets and clustered buildings, most of the Fifth District of Samorath, which contained most of the center of the vast city.  On a clear day, a thin strip of blue could be seen on the horizon, marking the Bay of Gold.
Oalun had to shove his way through the crowd before he could see anything.  No one was speaking, as if they had all been struck dumb, and they passively got out of his way when he pushed them.  When he got to the front of the balcony and got his first look at the rising wall of smoke on the horizon, he felt the breath go out of his lungs.
The entire horizon was a wall of black smoke coming from the harbor.  Dozens, if not hundreds, of fires were raging now, threatening to blot out the sun.  Oalun felt his mouth go dry, and joined in the crowd's speechlessness.
Samorath itself being the point of attack had never been a possibility, it had never even been suggested during their long meetings and planning sessions.  It was simply unthinkable that an enemy fleet could sail all the way around the peninsula of Olnasis and through the Golden Sea to strike directly at the capital without the Grand Navy stopping them.  No one had considered such an unbelievable act.  All their plans had counted on Tetharos invading the western shore or Erkuth Bay, and their defenses had focused on those likely points of entry.  Samorath was safe, Samorath could never be the target of an invasion.
But the truth was staring them in the face now.  The mysterious nation of Tetharos had somehow anticipated all their defenses and done the one thing that Arvia had never expected.  As Oalun stared out across the vast city landscape, he wondered how they could be so stupid and arrogant to think their capital was immune to attack.
Below them, filling the northern half of the Grand Boulevard and overflowing to the adjacent streets, was a massive crowd of people surging to the walls of the Grand Palace.  Oalun stared down to see the crowd give way so a line of mounted soldiers could run through, heading south to where the fighting was.  Right now they were still a crowd, but at any moment they might devolve into an unruly mob, seeking to gain entry into the Grand Palace for protection.  There were several thousand of them already, and more coming.  By the time night fell, Oalun could imagine a third of the city's population abandoning their homes along the harbor and seeking safety here.  How could they deal with that many refugees from within the city itself?
Two women were crying next to him.  Suddenly they witnessed a ball of fire lift up in the distance, and some of them cried out in despair.  The harbor was miles away, but at the moment it felt like the enemies were right on the doorstep of the Grand Palace.
Oalun shook his head and pushed himself back, muscling his way back through the crowd, which had grown as more and more people came upstairs to get a look at what was happening.  He felt like he was suffocating in their shared misery, and finally managed to break free of the crushing mob.  He discovered that he was soaked with sweat, and he wiped his brow with his sleeve, trying to calm his pounding heart.
Administrator Manion came down the hall, his face drawn and pale.  He saw Oalun standing there and walked over, his hands shaking.
"Oalun, did you see?"
"Yes," Oalun breathed.  "It looks like the entire harbor is on fire.  The whole sky is full of smoke.  How could they have come with no warning at all?"
"The warning just arrived," Manion said miserably, running a hand through his greasy black hair.  "A rider from Thorn Point just got here, but he was too late.  There's probably messengers from Vasonare and Blue Harbor on their way now, but the ships from Tetharos were too fast."
"We need to get the word out," Oalun said, standing up straighter.  "Send word to every city.  Erkuth, Silvertown, Thulin, everywhere."
Manion was already nodding.  "Yes, the King ordered riders be sent out as soon as they can find enough horses."
"Where's the King now?  Is there any chance he'll speak with the Administrators?"
"He's already left the Grand Palace.  He's with Toskanus and the other Generals."
"What about the Darvosh?  Has anyone heard from the Ambassador?"
"You would be the one to know that.  Why?"
"I have a very bad feeling," Oalun said.
"By the Father, you don't think they betrayed us?"
"No," he said firmly.  "But I don't think we can count on their help.  Darvosia is probably under attack as well.  Tetharos and Shargossa planned to strike both our empires at the same time."
"How can you know that?"
"Because it makes sense.  Think about it, Manion.  Why has Shargossa been waiting so long to launch their attack?  Why were they traveling to the Spike?  Because they were waiting for their allies in Tetharos to strike here first!"
Manion went even more pale.  "By the Father, I don't believe this."
"Can you get a message to your men in Hardora?"
"Possibly, why?"
"We have to honor the terms of the treaty.  Mutual defense, remember?"
"Do you actually think Darvosia will send anyone to help us?"
"They're probably under attack as well, but yes, I believe they will.  You must tell the Commander at Fort Garnet send a regiment to Darvosia."
Manion sputtered and waved his hands in dismissal.  "No, that is absolutely out of the question.  Are you mad, Oalun?  Karustra would skin me alive if I sent our own soldiers away right when we need them the most.  The treaty will have to wait."
He was right, of course.  Oalun pursed his lips and clenched his fists in frustration, as if it would have some kind of effect.  "So what is the Grand Army doing?" he asked.
"The entire Grand Army is being sent to the harbor as we speak, every single soldier in the whole city.  They want to make a defensive line at the Akis Wall to hold the Tetharosans back.  But they ran in every direction as soon as they hit land, so half of the Seventh and Eighth Districts are probably flooded with them right now."
"Have they even gone up the river?"
"It looks like they hit right at the harbor with everything they had.  We're hearing estimates of over a hundred ships," Manion said, disbelief on his face even as he said it.  "Right now it looks like they didn't strike at the river at all."
"I can't imagine why.  They could have sent thousands of soldiers right into the heart of Arvia and we'd be helpless to stop them."
"They want the city," Manion said grimly.
"No," Oalun said, "They want to burn it down."
They went back down to the ground floor and found the main hallways almost deserted, everyone either gone or hiding in their offices.  A few young boys carrying notes ran past them, but even the guards were missing, probably called to the main gate to keep residents from the city from trying to get inside.  But the steady roar of loud voices echoed down the hall from a crowd of people somewhere else in the Grand Palace.
"I wish we could do something," Manion said.
"Right now we just have to trust the Grand Army to fight them off," Oalun said, wondering if there was fighting in the streets already.  "We must guarantee the defense of the city first.  Everything else is secondary.  But we need to tell the Darvosh, if they haven't already figured it out for themselves."
"So what do we do?"
"Go home, Manion.  Make sure your family is safe."
"I live near the Hask Tower in the First District.  Father preserve us if they've gotten that far into the city already.  My family is fine.  What about yours?"
"They're safe," Oalun said, hoping it was true.  Rathan surely would not have returned yet, so Oalun had no way of knowing.  His house was southeast of the Grand Palace, still fairly far from the Bay, but there was still no telling how far the Tetharosans had penetrated northward until he got some kind of update from the Grand Army, and he doubted he would receive one any time soon.
Manion rubbed his head.  "I have such a headache.  I'm going to my office, maybe I can find someone who can tell me what's happening out there."
"Until the King returns, there's nothing else we can do," Oalun said.
"If you hear anything, please keep me informed."
"Of course I will."
He returned to his office, which was empty.  Rathan was still gone and would likely not return until night, if he managed to return at all.  Oalun could only imagine how large the crowd outside must be by now.  If Rathan had to fight his way through that many people, he would not be able to get back inside.  It was not important.  Oalun's other employees took off as soon as the news arrived and he didn't blame them.
But he needed to speak with Dosha.  He was absolutely certain that Shargossa had finally launched their attack to coincide with the invasion by Tetharos.  Dosha probably knew it already, but Oalun had to make sure.  He also needed to send a messenger to Fort Bakk, because if the North Spike had not attacked them already, it was going to happen any day now.
The front hallways were impassable, packed with people trying to leave.  Visitors, merchants, politicians, messengers, and servants all trying to get back to their homes.  They were shouting and screaming, demanding to be let through, as more people outside were trying to get in.  As Oalun approached, the scene almost made him laugh in hopelessness.  There were a handful of overwhelmed guards trying to keep things under control, to little effect.
"Administrator!" someone called out.
He was stunned to see Sheldara break free of the crowd and stride over to him.  She was dressed in black leather, her hood up, and for the first time that Oalun had ever seen, she went unarmed.  She was also missing the sly grin that usually curved her lips when Oalun had to deal with her.  Instead, her face was strained, her jaw clenched.
"Dosha sent me," she said, her voice tight.  "He told me to find you.  I cannot believe I actually did.  There are so many people here, I did not even know where to look."
"What did he say?  I was going to send a message to him."
"We are leaving," Sheldara said abruptly, although it was not a surprise.  "As soon as possible.  We must return to Darvosia and inform them what has happened."
"Shargossa has probably attacked them by now," Oalun said.
She nodded.  "Yes, we think so.  That is the other reason we must go."
"Where does that leave our alliance?"
"You defend your city, Administrator.  We will defend our nation.  When we can help you, we will do so.  And when you can help us, you will do the same."
"Yes, I promise it."
She turned back to the crowd and gave a frustrated shrug of her shoulders.  "Is there another way out of this place?"
"Come with me."
Oalun led her down some less-traveled corridors to a side entrance that opened to a grassy yard on the east side of the Grand Palace.  Outside, there were more people gathered, all of them servants or workers.  They were arguing and debating what the King should do, what the invaders wanted, if the city could successfully repel such an attack, and what they should do.  Some of them noticed Oalun and tried to ask him questions, but he waved them off, claiming that he knew no more than they did.
"Tell Dosha that I wish him luck," Oalun said.  "And I hope to see him again.  As soon as I can speak with the King, I'll inform him what has happened."
"And what do you think your King will say?"
"I have no idea.  But we will honor our agreement."
"You make promises you cannot keep," Sheldara said, a knowing gleam in her eye.  "Perhaps we are wrong, perhaps Shargossa has not sent their fleet against us.  We will know once we return home."
"You know they have," Oalun said.  
"If so, then they are on our north shore, and we will fight them there," she said fiercely, baring her teeth.  The thought of Sheldara leaping into battle against the Shargossans made Oalun feel suddenly sorry for them.  "Yaravasha is not in danger, but Akatesh has brought an army to your capital city, Administrator.  I would say that your empire is in far greater danger than ours."
Oalun could not respond to that, so he only nodded.
Sheldara headed out through a wooden gate.  It led to an alley that eventually turned into a side street, which would lead her back to the Darvosh Embassy.  Before she disappeared, she turned back and said, "We will meet again, Oalun.  And we will win this war together."
Oalun watched her go and then returned inside, wiping his brow on his sleeve.  He needed to figure out a way to get through to the King, but at the moment it seemed like an impossible task.  Any messengers would be diverted, and Oalun didn't even know where the King was.  He might be at the Grand Academy, or for all Oalun knew, the King might be leading the Grand Army on horseback to face the Tetharosan invaders himself.
Oalun was no military strategist, but trying to defend an entire city once the enemy was inside the walls was any General's worst nightmare.  By the time the Grand Army could form an organized defense, Tetharos warriors had probably spread out like rats into a hundred streets and alleys and buildings.  Flushing them out would be like trying to exterminate every rat in the city.  Simply holding them to the harbor was impossible at this point, since they had already spread much farther into the city than that.
If they could contain the invaders behind the Akis Wall, it would give them time to build up their strength and devise a long-term strategy.  But the Akis Wall only stretched from Sweet Harbor to about halfway across the city, and ended near the Eighth District, leaving a huge area that Tetharos could still use to break farther into the city.
The logistics of such a defense made Oalun's head swim.  He would have to trust General Toskanus.  The entire city would have to trust in the Grand Army now.
Oalun found himself walking down the hallway with no real destination.  There were still huge, unruly crowds packed near the front of the Grand Palace, and he sought to avoid them.  But he felt helpless and directionless, which was a very unfamiliar feeling.

Chapter Thirty One
Orders

"You promised me you wouldn't leave," Kateesha said flatly, staring at him.
Jasson slid his sword into the scabbard with a click of finality.  His palms were sweating, and his throat felt dry.  Outside, he could hear Commander Oskern bellowing like an enraged bear.
"I don't have a choice," he said helplessly.  "We have to defend the capital."
"You have to defend Bakk too."
"The soldiers from Tagon are coming to man the fort.  Kat, I don't what I can say to you.  I made a promise I couldn't keep, and I'm sorry.  But I have to go."
He could see a sense of futile rage building up in her as she closed her eyes, tightly clenching her fists.  "You can't go," she hissed through her teeth.  "I won't let you go.  If you go to Samorath, you'll be killed with all those other men."
"Don't say that!" he blurted out.  "Don't ever say that.  I'm going to be fine.  We're going to fight them off and be back here in a week or two, okay?"
"It's not okay," Kateesha said, her voice tight.  She turned away and he saw the glint of tears on her cheeks.  "You're leaving.  You promised you would never leave."
"I have a duty to the King."
"You have a duty to me!"
"I love you," he said, looking at her with wide eyes, trying to say the right thing.  But there was no right thing, no magic words to soothe her anger.  He knew it deep in his chest, like a knife jamming him between the ribs.  "If there was a way I could stay, I promise I would do it.  But people are dying in the capital right now, there's a whole army tearing the city apart.  We don't have a choice, none of us do.  We have to go."
Kateesha lifted her hand to her face to wipe away tears, sniffling and pressing hard against her cheek, her other arm folded over her chest.  She let out a frustrated breath and cleared her throat, looking at the floor.  Jasson picked up his cuirass and then set it down again, since he needed her help to put it on.  Instead, he loosened one of the arm straps on his shield and pulled it up to over his shoulder so he could carry it on his back.  His travel pouch, carrying his helmet, also went over his shoulder.  Kateesha kept her back to him, crying silently to herself, and he took a tentative steps towards her.
"Kat, don't be mad at me," he said.  "I'm sorry, but it has to be this way.  I promise I'm coming back.  Soldiers from all over the empire are flooding into Samorath to help fight, so by the time we get there, we might not even see battle.  I'm going to be fine, okay?"
She tensed up when he put his hands on her, but slowly he felt the stiffness melt away, and she turned to face him, slipping her arms around his waist.  Pressing her face into his chest, she let out a short sob and whispered, "Baby, I'm so scared."
"Don't be," he whispered back, running his hand through her hair.  "It's going to be all right."
"You can't promise me that.  You promised you would never leave."
"I promised I would never leave you, and I'm not leaving you.  I'm going away for a little while and then I'm coming right back."
She said nothing in response, holding him tighter.  Outside, more men were running past the house, their armor clanking.  Oskern wanted the ships on their way as fast as possible, and Jasson knew that he was already late.
"I have to go," he said.  "I love you.  I promise I'll be back."
Wordlessly, Kateesha nodded and wiped her face again.  Jasson didn't bother to put his cuirass on, he just lifted it up and carried it with one arm.  He didn't need anything else, just his armor and his sword.  Outside, Oskern was hollering for the men to hurry up.  He peeked out the doorway to see some of the village workers hauling carts of supplies down to the river docks to load onto the ships, so he knew he still had a few minutes.
Kateesha followed him outside, gripping his hand tightly.  He hated to leave her like this, going away if she was still so angry, but there was nothing he could do.  He was sure that they would not see much fighting in the city, so there was nothing to worry about.  Once they got there, all that would be left would be the job of sweeping through the streets to pick off any remaining stragglers.  There was no way the enemy army could hold out for days and days when everyone in the Grand Army was rushing to the city to defeat them.
But the fact that Samorath was calling in troops from so far away meant it was serious.  Maybe there would be some enemy soldiers left to fight after all.
"Okay, I guess this is it," he said.  He held Kateesha's hands and leaned in to kiss her.  She didn't pull away, but she didn't kiss him back very much, keeping her face neutral and occasionally wiping away tears with the back of her hand.  Her large brown eyes gazed back at him, glistening with fear and anger.
"I'll be back before you know it," he said, trying to sound confident.  But he couldn't feel confident when Kateesha was so upset.  Too much of his self-esteem was tied up in how much he cared for her, it was hard for him to even focus on the task at hand when she acted this way.  "Maybe two weeks at most.  It won't be too long, and then I'll be back and -"
"I'm pregnant," she said.
Jasson froze in mid-sentence and stared at her, his mouth hanging open.  Finally, he snapped out of it and stuttered, "Pregnant, you're pregnant?"
Her lips trembled and more tears began to flow as she grabbed his arms and buried her face in his chest, sobs breaking free like a torrent of emotion spilling out  "I'm so sorry, Jasson!" she sobbed, shaking with the effort of holding onto him.  "I wanted to tell you the other day, but then the attack happened, and I couldn't, I just couldn't!  But I had to tell you before you left!"
"How?  I thought that ..."
"I was taking moonroot," she said, " I swear that I was!  But sometimes it's possible to still get pregnant!  Please don't be mad at me, Jasson, I didn't mean to!  I just found out last week and I didn't know what to do!"
Her legs gave out under her, and he struggled to hold her upright.  All around them, villagers and soldiers alike hurried in every direction, flowing around them like they were a rock in the middle of a stream.  No one even seemed to be paying them any attention.  Jasson felt breathless and lightheaded, but he shook his head and pulled Kateesha upright.
"It's okay," he said, "Kat, it's okay, I'm not mad.  I mean, I'm surprised.  I didn't expect it, that's all.  It's okay, it's going to be okay."
"No, it's not," she cried, looking up at him.  She gripped his shirt and shook her head.  "You're going away, it's not okay.  What happens if you don't make it back?  I'm not raising a child by myself, Jasson!  I can't do it!  I always swore to myself that I wasn't going to do what my mother did!  And now you're going away, just like my father!"
"I'm not leaving you!" he said fiercely, holding onto her.  "I'm coming back!  I'm not leaving you behind, and I'm not leaving my child behind!"
"Please, don't go, Jasson.  I can't live without you."
"Come on," he said, pulling her away.  Instead of going to the docks, he directed her back toward the center of the village.  One arm around her waist and the other holding her hand, he led her through the village, past a dozen more soldiers rushing down to the boats.
"Where are we going?" Kateesha asked through her sobs.
"We're going to get married right now," Jasson said.  "If you're pregnant, then Basley's going to marry us before I leave.  That way the Grand Army will take care of you if something happens to me."
"Married?" Kateesha said, her eyes popping open in surprise.  For the moment, she forgot all about her tears.  "We're getting married?  Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure!  By the Father, we should have done it a long time ago."
"I thought that ? maybe you didn't want to."
"It didn't matter before," he said, "I thought we had plenty of time.  But I'm not getting on that boat until we're legally married."
The look on her face slowly altered from an expression of despair to a look that resembled happiness.  "So that means ? it's okay that I'm having a baby?" she asked, her voice quavering.
"Why would I be unhappy about that?  I love you, and I'll be happy to have children with you.  I know we didn't plan it, but we'll figure it out."
"Oh, Jasson," she cried, but this time they were tears of joy.  "I love you too.  I love you so much, I was so scared you would be mad."
 The Temple of the Mother and Father was no more, having burned down during the attack.   For the time being, Basley took up residence in a squat little building near the east gate that used to serve as a storage shed.  Out front, a handful of people talked animatedly, discussing the attack on Samorath.  Some of them got out of the way when they saw Jasson and Kateesha coming.
"Basley!" he shouted as they got to the doors.  "Basley, you have to marry us right now!"
Inside, he stopped in his tracks when he saw Rassus and his girlfriend Yalda standing in the middle of the main Temple room, with Basley between them.  The rotund priest looked up and said, "Well, you're going to have to wait for just a minute, young man.  It just so happens I'm in the middle of someone else's wedding at the moment."
"Rassus?" Jasson said.
"Hey," Rassus said with a sheepish grin.  "Looks like you and me got the same idea."
Kateesha wiped her face again and tried to compose herself.  Jasson drew her to the side of the room as Basley performed the short wedding between Rassus and Yalda.  He set the heavy cuirass on the floor and smiled.  Brushing his hand along the side of her face, he tucked a loose twist of hair behind her ear.  She smiled awkwardly and wiped her nose.  
"I look like a mess," she said with a lopsided smile.
"You look beautiful," Jasson said.
"Are you really sure you want to get married?"
"Absolutely.  We shouldn't have waited this long."
"And you're happy that I'm pregnant?  I never really wanted to have children."
"I never really thought about having kids," Jasson confessed.  "I knew you were taking moonroot, so I didn't think it was going to happen."
"I'm so scared," she said, holding him.  "About having a baby, I mean."
"People have babies every day.  If they can figure it out, so can we."
From the other side of the room, they heard Basley say, "Under the watchful eyes of the Mother and Father, and by the authority of the King, I name you husband and wife.  Rassus of family Bren, and Yalda of family Norn, you are now married.  May the Mother and Father watch over you both."
Yalda squeaked with joy and jumped into Rassus' arms.  The big man laughed and the two of them hurried out of the Temple, waving briefly to Jasson and Kateesha on the way out.
"All right, then," Basley said.  "Come on over.  It will have to be a short ceremony, as I'm sure you're aware.  The Commander is furious at the delays."
Jasson and Kateesha walked over to him and stood facing each other, with Basley in the middle, standing sideways.  The priest wore a dark blue tunic, with a blue and red striped scarf around his neck.  His bald head was spotted with sweat.  He took a deep breath and held out his hands.  Jasson took one and Kateesha took the other.
"Today is the day that these two young people pledge their lives together, under the watchful eyes of the Mother and Father.  Today they will join in binding marriage, and their lives will now be forever bound to each other.  The Father and Mother preserve us and guide us."
He turned to Jasson.  "The Father knows you, Jasson of family Mard.  He knows you are brave and strong and that you will be a faithful husband.  Give the name of the woman that you would take as your wife."
"I would take Kateesha as my wife."
"You have chosen this woman to be your wife.  The Father accepts your decision.  Do you make a promise to the Father that you will love her and protect her all of your life?"
"Yes, I do,"
Basley nodded and turned to Kateesha.  "The Mother knows you, Kateesha of family Faro.  She knows that you are kind and gentle and that you will be a faithful wife.  Give the name of the man that you would take as your husband."
Kateesha's voice was frail and trembling as she looked across at Jasson.  "I would take Jasson as my husband," she managed to say.
"You have chosen this man to be your husband.  The Mother accepts your decision.  Do you make a promise to the Mother that you will love him and protect him all of your life?"
"Yes," she sighed joyously, closing her eyes.  "I do."
"I am a witness to this sacred marriage.  As a designated official under the authority of the King, I hereby proclaim that this marriage is legal and binding.  The man and woman here today have entered into this marriage of their own free will."  Basley stepped back and brought them together so that they could hold hands.  "Under the watchful eyes of the Mother and Father, and by the authority of the King, I name you husband and wife.  Jasson of family Mard, and Kateesha of family Faro, you are now married.  May the Mother and Father watch over you both."
"Oh, Jasson," Kateesha sighed, falling into his arms.  She kissed him long and hard, putting her arms around his head, as if trying to stop him from getting away.  He could taste the salt of her tears still on her lips.
When he finally pulled away, he touched her face and said, "Now you're stuck with me, whether you like it or not."
"And you're stuck with me," she said.
"I promise I will come back to you."
"I believe you."
They didn't have time to celebrate their wedding vows.  By the time Jasson made it to the boat, Commander Oskern was red-faced with anger at how long it was taking to get all the supplies on board.  Jasson gave Kateesha one final kiss on his way across the wooden planks, and she had to get out of the way as a few more men followed Jasson aboard.  
The Arvian warships were not built to transport troops, so most of the morning was spent trying to refurbish them as quickly as possible.  There were four boats in total, overflowing with all of the men in Bakk who were still capable of fighting.  One of the ships was already on its way down the river, carrying most of the healthy men from Fort Tagon.  The other three were still tied to the dock as last armloads of supplies were loaded and every able-bodied man hurried aboard.
Even as late as he was, Jasson was not the last one on the boat.  The deck was crowded with men seated upon benches, ready to pull oars as soon as Oskern cut them loose.  Jasson spotted Polus there, but the rest of his squad was missing.
He ran over to the edge of the ship and leaned out to get one last look at his new wife, who stood on the shoreline with her hands clasped in front of her.  Her face was still puffy and red from crying, but at least now there was a smile on her lips.
"Let's go!" Oskern boomed from the front of the boat.  "Get those men below!  Everyone to your positions!  If you aren't pulling an oar, then get below deck and out of my way!"
Jasson waved one more time and hurried down the steps to the lower deck, his sword banging against the steps and his cumbersome cuirass getting in the way.  It was dark below, but his eyes soon became accustomed to it.  Hanging from the low ceiling were dozens of thin, makeshift hammocks made from fishing nets.  Already, most of them were occupied and were rocking back and forth as the ship began to pull away from the Bakk docks.  Jasson squeezed through the narrow aisle in between swinging hammocks, his nose filling with the stink of stagnant river water, fish, tar, and too many bodies packed together.
"Jasson, there you are," Nellan said from up ahead, leaning against the inside of the hull.  "Where in the world were you?"
Jasson dumped his cuirass down and let out a deep breath.  "I had a little delay, that's all."
Aldus was across the aisle, already up in a hammock.  Below him was Garben, one of the other members of their squad.  "Polus is up top with Mak and Shandus," he explained.  "They'll take the first shift at the oars.  We're up in six hours."
Jasson felt the ship lurch and he grabbed a wooden beam to steady himself.  The men up on the main deck would man the oars for a shift and then trade off to get some rest.  That way they could keep the ship moving down the river as fast as possible.  There wasn't a breath of wind outside, but if the wind picked up they could use their sail as well to gain even more speed.  Oskern would surely push the men as hard as he could, so Jasson didn't look forward to his shift on the oars.
He wasn't sure how long the trip would even take.  Two days?  Three?  He knew there was little chance of stopping along the way, so that meant at least two days crammed on this boat with nothing to do except row and sleep.
Nellan said, "You gonna try and get some sleep?"
"I'm not really tired," Jasson said.  "But I'll lay down at least."
"What kept you, anyway?  Kat wasn't angry, was she?"
Jasson laughed at that as he started to unbuckle his sword belt.  He stuffed all his armor underneath the hammock and kicked off his boots.  As he crawled into the hammock and rolled onto his back, he said, "Yeah, you could say she was pretty angry with me.  But it didn't last long.  We got married."
Aldus almost fell out of his hammock, and the others all began throwing questions at him.  He had to quiet them all down long enough to explain what happened.
"Kat's pregnant?" Aldus said in shock.  "You're gonna be a father?  I can't believe it!"
"Me neither," Jasson said.  "We didn't have time to really talk about it.  As soon as she told me, I knew we had to get married.  I wasn't the only one, either.  Right before we got there, Rassus and Yalda were getting married too."
"I heard they were going to get married anyway," Nellan said from the hammock above him.  "I guess this sped up their plans, is all."
"It sure sped up mine," Jasson said to himself
"Well, congratulations," Aldus said.  "Once we get back, you'll have to do the wedding over again so we can all be there."
"I'm sure she'd would like that."
Jasson slowly swayed back and forth, hearing the dull whoosh of water on the other side of the hull, and closed his eyes to finally gave himself a moment to relax.  The last hour of his life was about the most hectic and frantic that he had ever experienced, except for the battle.  First the call that they were heading to Samorath, the argument with Kateesha, finding out she was pregnant, and then getting married.  Looking back, he was amazed that it all happened so fast.  Amazed wasn't even the word.  He was stunned, and only now that he had a moment to really think about it, did it all come crashing down on him.
He was going to be a father.  And he knew that deep in his heart, he didn't want to be.  
If he had never left Oakenfal, then he would have married and had children by now, probably.  But his life would have been very different there.  He was a soldier, and he didn't think he could be a good father and be a soldier at the same time.  As he told Kateesha, he had a duty to protect the Grand Empire.  How could he split his duties between his King and his family?  Dedicating himself to one would necessarily mean he was neglecting the other.  Being in a relationship with Kateesha was one thing, but having a real family with her was more than he could handle.  Living up to his responsibilities as a soldier in the Grand Army already took all his energy.
He wondered what his parents would think if they could see him now.  A trained soldier, veteran of numerous battles, and now a husband and soon-to-be father.  Thinking about it made his head spin.  Or maybe that was just the rocking hammock making him motion sick, he thought with a grin.  He had a couple days to think about it all, at least.
The worst thing was that despite all his promises to Kateesha, he really had no idea what would await him in Samorath.  What if they were drawn into a heavy battle again?  What if he was wounded?  What if he was killed?
That worry, at least, he shared with everyone else on the ship.  Jasson knew that most of the men in the lower deck were still awake, but few of them were talking.  The same thing was on all their minds.  They had just survived a brutal battle a few days ago, and now they were being sent right back into combat in a distant city few of them had ever seen.  Many of them had wounds, both physical and mental, that had not completely healed yet.  But this was the life that Jasson had agreed to so long ago, the life of a soldier in the Grand Army.  It was far too late for him to complain about it now.
But the doubts kept piling up in his mind, keeping him from getting any sleep at all.  What if he was killed in the fight to come?  What if that last brief kiss on the dock was the last time he would ever feel her touch?  What if their child would grow up without a father?
He felt his hands involuntarily clench into fists.  No, that was not going to happen.  He made a promise, and this promise he was going to keep.
Chapter Thirty Two
Retreat

Alona gave up asking the guards on duty if anything had changed, since they didn't know any more than she did.  They spent most of the day huddled up in the guard station, waiting for news or for instructions, but they received neither.  Several times, a messenger or someone from the Grand Army appeared and spoke with the guard captain, but all they told him was to keep the people safe and not let anyone leave.  The King had declared that the streets remain clear, and anyone found outside would be treated as a looter.  Other than that, they had no information.
"If they were winning, they would tell us," one man grumbled.  "If they had any good news, they'd share it, so that means all the news is bad."
"It all happened so fast," another said.  "By the time they got the soldiers down there, the whole place was on fire.  We'll be lucky if the whole city doesn't burn down."
They could all smell the lingering odor of smoke, even indoors like they were.  The sky outside was thick with it, blowing north from the fires burning out of control by the harbor.  Other than that, there were no signs that a battle was raging at all.  Once the streets were cleared, they heard nothing, no sounds of horses or soldiers, no clash of swords.  That was scant good news, at least.
Later that afternoon, the guards allowed people to leave if they wanted to return to their homes, as long as they didn't live in the Seventh or Eighth Districts.  Those two Districts ran along the harbor, which was still off-limits to anyone except the Grand Army.  The guard station they were staying in, Alona learned, was near Sovereign Boulevard, the street that divided Districts Eight and Five.
Unfortunately, most of the people hiding out there lived to the south, where the fighting was.  Like Alona and Minsha, they were swept along in the surge of people escaping from the invasion, but many of them changed their minds and wanted to return home.  A few of them argued with the guards, demanding to be allowed to return to their homes, to retrieve some of their personal possessions at the very least.
"It's too dangerous," the guard captain said firmly.  "There are hundreds of enemy soldiers loose in the city right now.  The Grand Army will let us know when it's safe to leave."
"There's no one out there right now!" a man dressed in expensive silks argued, waving his arms.  "All of my goods are just sitting out there in the street, waiting to be stolen!  You're telling me I can't even protect my own property?"
"If your property was so important, you should have saved it before you came running here," the guard captain said, unmoved.  
An elderly woman shouted, "You want to go out there and get killed, be our guest!  I saw those horrible people when they came off the boats!  They were barely human, I tell you!"
Alona sat with her back to the wall, her mind racing.  It had been hours, and still no word about what was going on.  She finally came down from the rush of adrenaline during their frantic escape from Merchant Lane, and it left her feeling lethargic and sick to her stomach.  She wanted to curl up and go to sleep in the hope that she would wake up safe at home.
"Should we try to leave?" Minsha asked.  "I do not know the way back to our home."
"We live in the Third District, so that's east of here, I think," Alona said, feeling stupid for not knowing the way, but she had never needed to know how to travel through the city on foot before.  She always had a carriage to take her.  If only Serlain was there with them, he could take them home easily.  But Serlain and Tomis were both missing, and Alona had no idea what had happened to them.  She prayed that Tomis was all right.
She asked one of the guards again about sending a message to Oalun.  He replied, "We've already notified the army messenger.  If you stay here, I'm sure someone will come and get you.  Things are still pretty chaotic right now, but your husband will be informed of where you are."
"Thank you," she said with a sigh, feeling hopeless.
The big question that still hung over all their heads was:  how in the world could they have been attacked by such a huge enemy force without any warning whatsoever?  Alona had seen the entire Bay of Gold full of enemy ships, it was almost impossible for her to believe so many ships had come through the Golden Sea completely unmolested.  But the ships were so fast, maybe they just outran the ships of the Grand Navy.  The people of Samorath always felt secure that their city could never be attacked, and now those reassuring beliefs had been shattered like cheap pottery.
The warehouses, shops, brothels, and cheap houses all along the Sailor's Watch might still be burning.  Would the fire spread through the city?  Was the Grand Army able to hold off the enemy's advance?  Alona could not imagine that the invaders could hold the city for long, but what did she know?  She knew nothing about military matters.
But it didn't take a Grand Army General to see that Samorath was in trouble.  How many people had escaped from the fires and the fighting?  How many people were now hiding in guard stations like this?  If the battle for control of the city lasted for days, then all those people would be nothing but homeless refugees.  Could Samorath deal with a situation like that?
The other people in the guard station were getting restless.  Alona watched them pacing back and forth, muttering to themselves and looking at the guards with harsh looks on their faces.  They wanted to be reassured, they wanted to see evidence that something was being done.  But all the guards could tell them was to remain here and eventually someone would come.
But that wasn't good enough.  The man in the silk clothes finally stormed up to the doors.  "That's it!  I'm not staying here any longer!  I'm going back to my home and protecting my property.  I'm not going to wait here all day for news that will never come."
"You have to stay here," the guard said with a tired sigh.
"Are you going to arrest me?"
"If you go outside, then you're breaking the law.  So yes, I could arrest you."
"Go ahead and try," the man blustered.
"Why did you bother coming here in the first place?" the guard snapped back.  His hand dropped to his sword.
"I thought something was going to happen!  People were screaming that the city was under attack, what else was I going to do?  But I've been here for hours now, and I haven't seen any soldiers or anyone else.  Whoever those enemies are, they aren't anywhere near us, so I'm leaving and I don't think you're going to stop me."
The guard sneered at him and stepped away from the door.  "You know what, old man?  You're right.  I'm not going to stop you.  Go ahead and go outside and get yourself killed.  You'll be doing me a favor.  That way I don't have to listen to you complaining any more."
The man puffed out his chest and shoved through the door into the front courtyard.  Alona could hear a few of the guards outside yelling at him, but then the door swung shut.
"Anyone else?" the guard said, glaring at them.
A man in the back of the room stood up.  "I'm leaving too.  I'm not waiting here for the rest of the day, waiting for news.  The army probably forgot about us by now."
"Go right ahead and leave!" the elderly woman shouted after him.  "You'll be coming right back and asking for help if those savages find you!"
Alona remained seated and kept her arms wrapped around her legs.  She had the urge to get up and run out the door too.  She didn't want to be there anymore.  And since their house was in the Third District, they were allowed to leave.  Alona thought that the farther they got away from the bay, the safer they would have to be.
Minsha spoke her thoughts out loud.  "We should go, Alona.  We should go right now.  We can find our way home, I know we can."
"We don't know what's going on out there," Alona said, shaking her head.  "What if there's another riot, or those men from Tetharos find us?  I hate to say it, but I really think we should stay here for now.  At least we're safe here."
Minsha spoke quietly, so that no one else would hear.  "Do you know much about the place called Tetharos?  I have only heard rumors."
"I don't really know anything about them."
"It is said that they worship a god made of fire.  Sheldara told me that ? that they burn people alive as a sacrifice to their god.  They are a cruel people, Alona.  I do not think that we are truly safe anywhere.  If they come to attack us, how can we hope to stop them?  This is not a castle, and we have nothing to defend us except for a wall and a few guards."
Alona sighed and looked around the room, at all the scared, tired faces of the people hiding there with her.  Minsha was right, and she knew it.  If the invaders somehow made it all the way to this guard station, they would not have a problem fighting their way through a handful of inexperienced city guards.  Not only that, it occurred to her that the guard station itself was a target.  The invaders would attack it first to remove any possible resistance.  Suddenly, she began to feel like she wasn't safe there at all.  Maybe they should have left long ago.
"Okay, I think you're right," she admitted, trying to sound confident.  "I'll go tell the guard that we want to leave.  Maybe he can have some tell us how to get home."
"Yes," Minsha nodded.  "Yes, I agree."
Just having some kind of plan made Alona feel better.  She straightened her dress and walked to the guard at the door.  He stiffened a bit when he saw her coming.
"It's me again," she said apologetically.  "I think we'd like to leave now.  We live in the Third District, so that's okay, right?  The problem is that we don't know the way to our house from here."
"What street do you live on?"
"Sandstone Street."
"Okay, I know where that is," the guard said with a nod.  "I can show you how to get there.  When you go out the gate, turn left and go about three blocks -"
The guard paused and held up his hand when they heard voices coming from outside.  He walked over to the door and opened it a crack.  Catching a glimpse through the door, Alona could see it had already grown dim out in the front courtyard.  In less than an hour it would be dark outside, and she absolutely did not want to be traversing unfamiliar streets in the dark.
"They're here," the guard said in surprise.  "By the Father, I hardly believe it.  Someone from the Grand Army just showed up."
A middle-aged woman with a young boy clutching her leg perked her head up and said, "What?  You said someone is finally here?"
"Wait here for just one minute," the guard said to everyone.  "Someone is here, we're going to get some information for you."
The guard snuck through the door and Alona grabbed the door handle as it swung shut.  She waved Minsha over, as more people were getting up and crowding around the door.
"Someone from the army?"
"What's he saying?  Please say that there's good news."
"Why won't they tell us anything?"
"Come on," an old man with missing teeth grumbled, opening the door all the way.  "What are they saying out there?"
Alona grabbed Minsha's hand and pulled her outside.  Right after, more people came filtering out into the yard.  Up at the gate, they saw a mounted soldier talking with one of the guards, his horse impatiently scraping its hooves on the cobblestones.  Red strips of cloth like tassels hung underneath the saddle, across the horse's flank.  The other guards were looking at each other nervously, their swords in their hands.  The soldier said something and pointed toward the main building with his sword.  Suddenly, Alona realized that they weren't red strips of cloth underneath his saddle.  They were streaks of blood.
"Let's go!" the captain of the guard said loudly, waving his arm.  "Let's go!  Everyone come on outside right now!  We're leaving!"
"No," Alona whispered.  "Oh no, this is bad."
They opened the front gate and the guards walked out to the street cautiously, swords in their hands.  The soldier on horseback looked impossibly tired, his face drawn and eyes dark.  "The warriors who invaded the city have gotten past the Akis Wall," he announced, his voice raw.  "We're trying to hold them back, but we can't guarantee your safety at this location, so everyone is moving out right now.  We're going to head north along Caster Street until we cross under the Pilgrim's Arch."
"They're past the Akis Wall?" one of the woman cried in disbelief.
"How are you going to hold them back?" a man demanded to know.
People started shouting and arguing, and the guards shouted right back, ordering everyone to get in line.  The mounted soldier tried to raise his voice, but instead he just gave up and said, "Everyone follow me.  We don't have very much time."
"Alona," Minsha said, her voice and her hands both trembling.
Five minutes ago, the people wanted to leave, and now it seemed like half of them wanted to stay.  Alona made up her mind in an instant.  She hurried out across the yard, following the soldier as he rode out into the street.  About fifteen people came after her and they crept through the gate, looking up and down the abandoned street.  Alona didn't know if she had ever seen a street look so empty and so threatening at the same time.
When she tilted her head and listened carefully, she could hear it.  The distant sounds of combat wafted down the street like faint music, the ring of metal on metal and the sound of angry voices.  Hearing it sent a shiver up her spine.  The battle was so close, they could actually hear it.
The soldier didn't wait for them, he just rode off and expected them to follow.  His horse's hooves clacked noisily on the street, echoing so loudly that Alona felt positive people could hear it a mile away.  She and Minsha held hands so tightly it actually hurt, but she dared not let go.  They ran down the sidewalk and turned down another street when the soldier pointed the way.  He waited in the intersection, watching the deserted avenue.  
"Why aren't there more soldiers helping us?" someone asked.
Alona wanted to say it was because they needed every single soldier they had, but she held her tongue.  Until now, she had nearly convinced herself that things were going well, that the Grand Army was defeating the invaders and pushing them right back into the sea.  But now, with just a lone soldier to take them to safety, she realized just how bad the situation was.
"Come on," the soldier said.  "Keep it moving -"
Suddenly his horse bucked underneath him, as an arrow shot out of the shadows and struck it right in the side of its neck.  It howled and took a step before its legs fell out from under it, and the soldier had to jump away, crashing to the street.  Someone screamed, and Alona stared in horror as a group of men bolted from a hiding place in a dark alley, weapons bared and screaming for blood.
They were dressed in heavy wool clothes, with no armor that she could see, their long hair tied into braids that whipped behind them.  Their faces were streaked and marked with blue in harsh, slashing designs.  But the worst thing was the bestial war cry that came from their open mouths, which looked as if they were filled with sharpened teeth.  The sound made Alona's blood freeze in her veins.
The soldier rolled to his feet and barked at the city guards bringing up the rear.  "Now!  Come on!  Defend the civilians!"
He rushed to meet the Tetharosan warriors as another arrow zipped at him, ricocheting off his shield.  The other men and women screamed in terror and took off, running for their very lives.  Behind them, the city guards chased after the soldier.  He slammed his sword into the first of the attackers, blood splashing up as his sword tore through the man's chest.
Alona didn't waste time watching them fight.  She ran for all she was worth, fleeing away from the battle in full panic mode.  Tears streamed from her eyes as she felt like she was running blindly, Minsha close by her side.  She had no idea where they were going, she could only follow after the other people escaping down the street.  All the buildings were dark, the doors and windows closed and barred, so there was nowhere to hide.  There was no choice except to just keep running.
Another terrifying howl of fury reached them, like the shockwave from an explosion.  And then more screams.  One of the women running ahead of them turned to look just as an arrow struck her right between the shoulder blades.  She spasmed once, her arms jerking and her legs moving on reflex, and then tumbled to the street.  Alona didn't stop to try to help her, she just kept running.
At the next street, people began to split up.  Some of them kept going straight, but a bunch of them broke off and went to the left, shouting in vain for help.  But Alona knew that no help was coming.  No one was going to open their doors now to let them in.  More arrows shot after them, missing their marks.
"Here!" Alona gasped, darting down a side street and then running across to a narrow alley between two rows of houses.  She didn't know where the alley led, all she knew was that if they went a different direction than the others, the enemy warriors might not chase after them.  Her feet splashed through stagnant puddles and kicked through piles of stinking garbage in the alley.  Minsha was crying uncontrollably, just barely keeping up, but Alona pulled her along relentlessly.
At the end of the alley, they turned left and kept running.  Behind them, far too close, she heard a strangled war cry and caught a glimpse of a fur-clad figure burst from another side street, a bloodstained axe in his hand.  Minsha screamed but Alona yanked on her arm and pulled her down another narrow alley in between rows of houses.
"Help us!" she cried out in a panic.  "Mother, help us!"
The alley zig-zagged and opened into a dirty paved courtyard with grass growing in between the slabs of rock.  A number of clothes lines were stretched in between the houses, but they were empty, like long cobwebs.  Alona ran across the yard to a heavy door and banged on it desperately, barely able to breathe.
"Please, let us in!  Please!"
"Alona!" Minsha shrieked, tugging at her.
The Tetharosan warrior ran into the courtyard and skidded to a halt.  He eyed them like a wild animal, switching his axe from one hand to the other.  Then he snarled something in a foreign language and then bolted toward them.
They ran along the side of the house and clattered through a metal gate, screaming their heads off, praying someone would hear them.  The gate led to another winding alley, but Alona was so turned around that she had no idea which direction they were even going.  There were no lanterns or torches, so the alley was dark and terrifying, but there was nowhere else go, so they ran for all they were worth, not daring to spare a glance behind them.
They didn't need to.  The barbarian howled in some alien tongue, right on their heels.  Just as the end of the alley came into view ahead of them, Alona was yanked back hard, as Minsha's hand tore out of her own.  She stumbled and looked back to see the barbarian grab Minsha's arm and throw her to the ground, his axe raised.
"No!" Alona screamed, launching herself at him.  She grabbed his arm and threw her other arm around his neck, knocking him off balance.  Her knee kicked up to strike him in the groin and he howled again, this time in pain.  He brought his elbow down on her forehead, stunning her, and she collapsed to the ground.
She looked up, her vision blurring, as the Tetharosan bared his teeth and drew a long knife from the back of his belt.  He took one step in her direction.
And shuddered as an arrow appeared it the center of his chest.  Blinking stupidly at it, he raised his head and flinched as two more sprouted next to the first one.  He gurgled something and tipped over backwards, the knife falling out of his hand.
"Come on!  Are they okay?" came a voice.  Alona tilted her head back and saw three men running at her.  She rolled onto her side as one of them leaned down to help her up.
"Thank you!" Minsha sobbed, falling into the arms of another soldier.  "Oh, thank you!"
"Let's get them to safety," the first soldier said impatiently.  "Captain Dorn and his men are already in place, we have to move now."
"Come on, my lady," the soldier helping Alona said.  She got to her feet and stared dumbly at the dead barbarian at her feet.  "We heard you screaming, I'm glad we got here in time.  You're safe now, but we can't stay here."
"There were other people.  We were hiding in a guard station, and they told us we had to leave, but those men attacked us ..."
"We know," the soldier said.  "We're fighting them in the streets right now.  Come on, let's get you away from here."
Alona let herself be escorted out of the alley and down the street.  Her hands were shaking, and she tried to tuck them under her arms to stop it from spreading.  The soldiers dropped her and Minsha off at the next intersection and pointed to a barricade two streets up.
"Go there, and they'll take care of you," the soldier said.
"Are you going to defeat them?" Alona asked.
"We're going to try."
With those final words, the soldiers ran off to fight some other battle.  Alona looked around in a daze and took Minsha's outstretched hand.  They walked in silence up the street, to where some city guards were waiting for them to take them home.
Chapter Thirty Three
Silvertown

By the time they reached their destination, Jasson didn't even know what day it was.  His long shifts pulling the oars left him utterly exhausted and sore, and the six-hour shifts threw his biological clock out of sync.  First he pulled oars in the evening, and then in the morning, and then the middle of the night.  It made a two-day trip seem like much longer, and left him feeling confused and unable to focus.
He woke up from a dead sleep when Nellan shook his arm, jerking awake so roughly that he almost fell out of his hammock.
"We're here, I think," Nellan said, his voice sounding hollow.  "We've stopped, at least."
"What?  Where are we now?"
"A city called Silvertown."
"How long have I been asleep?"
"A couple hours."
Jasson slumped in the hammock, his arm dangling over the side.  "I'm too tired.  Wake me in the morning."
"It is morning," Nellan said.  "Oskern wants to unload right now.  I think we're going to be marching all day."
"When will we get to sleep?"
"Tonight, I guess."
Jasson could only sigh.  "Well, at least we're done rowing."
From up ahead, he heard Aldus say, "That's the spirit!  That's what I like about you, Jass.  You always look on the bright side."
Jasson slumped farther into the hammock, pressing his face into the netting.  "How much longer do I have?"
"You have to get up now," Nellan replied.  "I waited as long as I could to wake you."
"Thanks for that."
Jasson winced, shifting onto his side.  He managed to drop his legs to the floor and gradually got to his feet, holding onto a crossbeam for support.  His whole body ached, and what little sleep he had gotten did nothing to lessen his weariness.  If anything, it made it worse.
Nellan looked apologetic, his face drawn.  "If it makes you feel any better, I haven't slept much either.  I don't think any of us have."
"I know," Jasson said.  "I'll be okay."
Most of the others were shuffling up the steps to the main deck.  As Jasson gathered his few possessions, Polus came down, elbowing his way through the line of soldiers.  He was not officially in charge of their squad, but for all intents and purposes he was their acting squad leader.
"Come on, Commander Oskern wants everyone ready to march in ten minutes.  Aldus, get your armor on.  Everyone in Silvertown knows about the attack on Samorath, so they're all worried and scared and their morale is pretty low.  At least until we leave the city, we have to look sharp so the people here can see experienced soldiers are going to fight for them."
"Ten minutes?  That's all the time we have?" Jasson asked.
"I didn't say we're marching in ten minutes," Polus said, shaking his head.  "I said we have to be ready.  Just get your armor on and get outside.  I know you're all tired, but there's nothing we can do about that now.  We have a full day's march ahead of us."
Nellan gave Jasson a weary look and shrugged.  Jasson rubbed his eyes and went to work putting on his armor, his tired hands fumbling at the straps to his cuirass.  Nellan helped him get it on properly.  He buckled his belt and checked his sword, and hefted up his shield, even though it felt like it weighed a hundred pounds.  For now, he tucked his helmet under his arm.  He'd put it on once they got outside.
A few minutes later, they headed up to the main deck and marched off the boat, which was tied up at a long wooden dock.  Right beside it were two more ships pouring men out along the docks to the broad dirt yard at the front of the harbor.  The fourth ship had apparently fallen behind and had not arrived yet.
Jasson lifted his hand to shield his eyes from the midmorning sun, and squinted at the city that was raised up around him.  Huge wooden warehouses stretched out from the dock area in three directions, and the stone streets were packed with bodies, carts, and mountains of wooden crates and barrels.  Soldiers gathered in a disorganized crowd, surrounded by curious onlookers.
In all the excitement of their departure from Bakk and the back-breaking labor of their travel down the river, Jasson had barely thought about the fact that they were going to visit a real city for the first time in his life.  Bakk was the largest populated area he had ever known, but just this first glimpse of Silvertown completely overwhelmed him.
He walked down the dock, his feet clomping on the boards, and looked all around at the wide variety of buildings stacked along each side of the dock.  Not just warehouses, there were also stables, inns, taverns, blacksmith shops, merchant offices, bath houses, brothels, and more.  Farther down the three main avenues were buildings rising two or three stories in the air.  Smoke drifted from a multitude of chimneys, the smell of smoke combining with a hundred other odors.
There were so many people, Jasson felt a strange sense of pressure squeezing him from all sides, and he suddenly felt short of breath.  Hundreds of people were jammed in the main street, but not all of them were watching the ships unload.  There were other ships as well, fishing boats and trading vessels, tied up farther down the harbor, and dozens of men hurried back and forth along the docks.  There were men in tight gray jackets, rolls of parchment folded under their arms, walking from office to office.  Children darted in between the soldiers and onlookers, some of them filthy and barefoot.  Dirty-looking men with grizzled beards argued outside one of the taverns, oblivious to everything else going on.  Jasson saw wealthy ladies in colorful dresses with ruffles and folds, bare-chested sailors with crude tattoos on their arms, young women leaning out of windows and calling down to the men on the street, and laborers in drab brown tunics unloading boxes and crates from the many carts parked all over the place.
Commander Oskern was in the middle of an intense conversation with an old man wearing a dark green robe.  Standing around him were other men, but Jasson wasn't close enough to hear what they were talking about.  The squad leaders tried to line up the men in straight rows, but there wasn't enough room.  Jasson was one of the last soldiers to disembark from his ship, but when he looked at one of the other boats, he saw twenty soldiers still standing on the deck, as if waiting for instructions.
"Are you staying here to protect our town?" a portly women shouted.  "All the other soldiers left days ago!  Are you going to Samorath?"
"We don't have any horses," said a man arguing with Sergeant Horunus, who was standing at the edge of the dock.  "They took them all.  We don't even have horses to pull our wagon carts.  Every healthy horse in the city got taken to help fight.  You boys are gonna have to walk."
From far off to his right, Jasson heard women calling for them.  "Hey, soldier boys!  You look so strong and brave!"  They were lined up outside one of the buildings farther down the street, wearing skimpy dresses with low necklines.  They leaned forward and shook their breasts.  "Come on over here and we'll show you how much we love you!"
Jasson felt like he was being pushed forward, his legs moving of their own accord.  He followed the men in front of him, barely looking where he was going.  There was so much going on, so many sights distracting him, that for a few moments he even forgot how incredibly tired he was.
"Wow," Nellan said behind him.
"Yeah, wow," Jasson muttered.
Polus ordered them in line and called over some other soldiers that weren't part of a squad yet, grouping them together with Jasson and the others.  They still had not reorganized all the squads, and lots of men weren't sure where to go.
Aldus stood beside him and said, "I hope we get to eat, at least.  I don't want to go to battle on an empty stomach."
"How far away is Samorath from here?" Nellan asked.
Jasson and Aldus both shrugged.  None of the other men knew either, but they assumed it was at least a full day away.  Jasson figured it had to be.  There was no way that Oskern would order his men to march for hours with no sleep and expect them to be in any condition to fight a battle.  They would have to rest before they reached Samorath.
Jirtha walked up and stood in line beside them.  She, at least, looked rested.  "It looks like I'm with you guys now," she said with a friendly nod in Jasson's direction.
Nellan, standing beside her, said, "Welcome to our squad."
"Thank you."
They were soon joined by four others, two archers and two swordsmen.  Jasson recognized the two archers as an older man named Kolbin and a man from Olnasis named Talarus.  They were already squadmates from before, but all the swordsmen in their original squad perished in the fighting at the main gate.  The two swordsmen both appeared to be men from Fort Tagon, so Jasson didn't know either of them.
"Come on!" Commander Oskern roared from up ahead.  He waved his arm impatiently, his face twisted into a familiar scowl.  "Let's get moving!  Sergeant, direct them to the Silver Gate, and somebody find me some damn horses!"
Right away, they began to march.  The men fell comfortably into line and headed down the central avenue in three long columns.  All around, they could still see supplies being unloaded and people running back and forth everywhere.  The main crowd split open to allow the men to march right down the center of the street, their boots clomping in unison on the paving stones, their sheathed swords clanking against their thigh armor.  On the sides of each column were the squad leaders, including Polus and a few others who had not formally been promoted yet.  Sergeant Horunus and Sergeant Shianne were at the head of the column, leading the men.  
 In addition to Horunus and Shianne, there were a few recently-promoted Sergeants as well, including Dashelus and Alkane.  Captain Edrigo was still in Bakk recovering from his injuries, of course, and Sergeant Jannick was there as well, since he'd been wounded in the battle at Tagon.  Jasson wondered if there would be even more rapid promotions in the days to come.  If Edrigo died from his wounds, who would take his place?  Would someone like Horunus be promoted to Captain?  In the battle to come, anything could happen.
The thought was like a painful bruise on the back of his head, distracting his thoughts.  They were heading straight into battle once more, and they had barely managed to escape from the first battle with their lives.  What lay in store for them once they reached Samorath?  Jasson had tried to convince himself that the battle would be over by the time they arrived, and they would turn around and go right back home.  But it didn't look like that was going to happen.
He had no idea what to expect once they got there.  How much of the city was still under the control of the invaders?  Would they be fighting in the city itself?  Although no one specifically told him so, he assumed that soldiers from all over Arvia were on their way to Samorath.  Would they arrive to find thousands and thousands of other soldiers fighting there already?  He imagined Samorath to be a great metropolis spread as far as the eye could see and wondered if he was far from the truth. 
Jasson had never seen a real city until just now, and he tried to imagine what it would be like trying to fight in narrow streets and in between buildings.  The warriors from Tetharos would, at the very least, have defensive positions set up, so Jasson tried to think what it would be like to fight someone in that kind of environment, running from house to house, trying to maneuver entire squads in such confined spaces.  He hoped that Oskern and the other Commanders knew more about urban tactics than he did.
As they continued through the city of Silvertown, they passed more crowds of people, who began to cheer and applaud their progress toward the city gate.  Women were handing out flowers and kissing a few of the men as they walked by.  "Glory to the King!" some of them shouted.  "Nothing can defeat the Grand Army!"  Jasson spotted a few people with tears in their eyes.  They passed a tavern where waitresses handed out mugs of cider to the passing soldiers, but unfortunately it was on the other side of the column and Jasson and his squad didn't get any.
An older gentleman wearing a blacksmith's apron came up beside them and shook Polus' hand as they walked.  "The Father bless you boys!  If I was a young man, I would volunteer to join up right now and fight those devils!"
"Fight with honor!" another man yelled from a window above them.  "Throw those damned barbarians right back into the sea!"
"Be strong!" a woman cried.  "Be brave!  Our prayers are going with you!"
Jasson certainly did his best to look strong and brave for the benefit of the people here, but he was sure he still looked like someone dragged out of bed far too early.  He straightened his back and lifted his chin in an attempt to look noble, but his messed-up hair and the bags under his eyes lessened the effect.  But at least his armor shone brightly.  The left pauldron on his cuirass still had a dent in it, but he didn't think anyone noticed.
He understood now what Polus meant.  The battle in Samorath had raged for how long now?  More than a week by now?  By now, the citizens of Silvertown had probably heard all sorts of stories and rumors about what was going on there.  Other Grand Army soldiers had already traveled through Silvertown, evidenced by the lack of horses.  But as long as there were still experienced, well-trained soldiers heading toward Samorath, the people here would feel safer and their morale would improve.  Even in the early days of the war, they had to feel like things were going well for the Grand Army.  They had to believe that the war could easily be won.
He tried not to think about what would happen if things dragged out for weeks and weeks.  What if they ordered the remaining soldiers from Bakk to come to Samorath?  How would the residents of Silvertown react if a bunch of wounded, demoralized, and poorly-supplied soldiers arrived to head off to war?
When they reached the gate, Horunus called them to a halt.  Their path through the city had brought them to a wide paved street leading to a massive wooden gate more than one story tall.  There didn't seem to be any guards watching on the wall above, and he wondered if most of them had already been sent to Samorath as well.  There were still plenty of civilians standing around to watch their procession, clapping and shouting words of encouragement.  Jasson let the words wash over him, but he didn't think words would help him much.
He noticed that Nellan was talking quietly to Jirtha, and had to smile to himself.  Maybe Nellan was serious about finally starting a relationship with someone.  Even Aldus noticed them talking, and he gave Jasson a surprised look.
Sergeant Shianne walked down the column and stared intensely back down the avenue, her red hair blazing in the morning sunlight.  Jasson looked over his shoulder, but he couldn't see what she was looking at.  He barely knew Shianne, but he knew she was a Sergeant before he ever joined the Grand Army, and she technically outranked Horunus, even though they were both Sergeants.
Dashelus came up and joined her, and she spoke to him quickly before heading back to the front of the lines.  Dashelus nodded and then suddenly snapped, "All right!  Everyone from here forward, let's move it!  We're heading out right now!"
"I guess that means us," Aldus said.  "I guess we aren't getting fed, after all."
"I don't even think they have our supplies unloaded yet," Jasson said.  "They don't want to wait for all that, so they're moving some of us out and letting the supplies catch up later."
"Great," Aldus said, wiping his brow.
They left the city to cheers and loud applause, as more people lined up near the gate to wish them a fond farewell.  More people handed out flowers and showered them with praise.  
Jasson saw a portly woman dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief.  "My son and his wife live in Samorath, and I pray they're all right!  Please save the city from those barbarians!"
Another man called out from the other side of the street, "I pray that you're victorious in battle and you all come back safe!"
"Me and you both," Aldus muttered.
On the other side of the gate, there was a wide paved entrance way bordered on both sides by a stone wall about ten feet high.  More people were up on the wall, cheering the soldiers.  Beyond that was a dirt road stretching off into the distance, with scattered trees on each side.  Far to the left, around the edge of the city wall, Jasson spotted one of the main tributaries that merged to become the Silver River.  Much farther in that direction, he could see endless rolling hills and forests.  If he could have seen even farther, he might have been able to see the Kavas Mountains in the distance, but even the mountains were too far north for him to make out from there.
"What are you thinking?" Aldus asked.
"I'm thinking we have a long march ahead of us."
"How do you feel?  Still tired?"
"Yeah, but I'll survive."
Aldus nodded and then said, in a lower voice to prevent anyone else from hearing him, "I have a really bad feeling about all of this, you know.  Do you think they have any kind of real plan?"
"Probably not.  They'll give us new orders when we get there."
"I just wish we knew what we were getting into."
"We said that when we first joined the Grand Army.  This what we do, Aldus.  We're soldiers, we have to go where the fighting is."
"What's going to happen if they invade Bakk again?  You think they'll be able to hold the river this time?  We might win the battle in Samorath and then go right back to fighting them in Bakk."
"I'm trying not to think about that, honestly."
"Yeah, I'm sorry.  They'll have to get the villagers out of there, right?  I don't think Kat would be in any danger."
Jasson sighed.  "As long as those people from Tetharos are fighting us, we're all in danger.  For all we know, we'll be heading across the ocean to fight them in their own land before this is all over."
"Oh, man," Aldus said to himself.  "What if that other nation attacks us too?  The one to the east, I mean.  What's it called, Davardia or something?  They're just as strange as the people from Tetharos, I heard."
Jasson didn't know anything about the other foreign nations.  He had never even heard of them until he came to Bakk.  And his knowledge of Tetharos was limited to their location across the ocean and not much else.  All he knew about the people from Darvosia was that they had dark brown skin and owned slaves, but people from Arvia were free to travel there, and vice versa, so the two nations must have some kind of alliance.
He decided not to worry about it.  Instead, he focused on marching and trying not to fall asleep on his feet.  They marched non-stop for three hours before they reached a small farming village.  Jasson didn't learn the name of the village, but they were finally allowed to sit down for a few minutes.  They got some water to drink, and more importantly, Dashelus and Shianne managed to convince the villagers to feed them as well.  Jasson got a wooden bowl with a small portion of chopped vegetables, and he gobbled them down like a starving man.
But he barely had time to rest his legs before they were ordered back on their feet to start marching again.  For the rest of the day, they steadily followed the road, which gradually curved to the southeast.  The sun set behind them as they reached another small village, and they once again got something to eat and drink.
By that point, Jasson and many of the others were nearly dead on their feet, so they didn't even bother to sit down while they quickly ate what served as their supper.  Shianne came through and told them all to get moving again.
"Come on," she ordered, "you'll all get plenty of sleep tonight, but we can make it another mile before it gets too dark, so let's go!"
Chapter Thirty Four
Faith and Hope

It was long past midnight when Alona and Minsha finally made it home.  They had to wait for a messenger to relay the news that they were alive and then they had to wait once again until someone was able to escort them home, since they still didn't know the way.  Since the Grand Army couldn't spare a single horse, they had to walk all the way back to the Third District, accompanied by a young messenger boy who looked as tired as they were.
As they crested the low hill at the end of their street, they could see the southern half of the city glowing orange as the fires there still burned out of control.  Alona could barely believe that the entire city wasn't engulfed in flames by now.  But she was too tired to worry about it.  She felt like she could sleep for days.  Her once-beautiful dress was ripped and dirty, her feet throbbed with pain, and her forehead sported a reddish bruise from when the barbarian from Tetharos struck her.
Minsha fared little better, her dress ruined and her face still streaked with dry tears.  Somehow, Alona felt that Minsha was more traumatized by the attack than her.  For one terrifying moment, Alona thought that they were both going to die in some random, dark alley.  If the Grand Army soldiers had shown up ten seconds later, then they might have.  Or the barbarian might have killed Minsha and then been killed himself, leaving Alona the only survivor.  That wasn't something she wanted to think about.  She held Minsha's hand tightly during the long walk home, each of them serving as the other's lifeline.  
When they made their way up the long driveway and walked through the gate, she heard someone shouting near the front of the house.  It was Fostrus, the head servant.  The front door burst open and he ran out to meet them, more animated than Alona had ever seen the old man.
"Lady Alona!  Minsha!  Father be praised!"
He embraced them both in an uncharacteristic display of affection, his eyes wet with tears.  Seeing him so overcome with emotion made Alona want to cry as well, and she choked up as he wrapped his arms around both of them, blubbering his thanks to the Mother and Father.
"Alona!" came a relieved cry as Yalania ran outside.  She was followed by Oalun and Jasamina and all of the servants in the house, it seemed.  In seconds, a crowd formed around them, embracing them and touching them as if to make sure they were really home and alive.  Minsha collapsed into Yalania's arms, crying her eyes out, and Alona was swept into the arms of her husband.  All around them, the voices merged into one loud exclamation that she could not even understand, as everyone tried to talk at once.
Oalun looked like he hadn't slept in days.  His hands trembled as he pulled her close, and she was shocked to see tears in his eyes as well.  She had never seen him cry before.  Even when Evalene died, Oalun had never let his real emotions show.
"You're alive, I can hardly believe it," he whispered hoarsely.  "When I got home, they told me you went to the harbor.  I thought ? I thought I had lost you."
"We were so scared, and there was no news all day," Jasamina said, hugging her and planting a sloppy kiss on her cheek.  "It was only a few hours ago that we heard that you were okay, but we had no idea what was going on out there."
"But you're safe now," Oalun said, his hands on her shoulders.  "I can't imagine what you've gone through today, but you're home and you're safe."
Jasamina wiped her blind eyes and hugged Minsha and Alona again.  "Thank the Mother for bringing you back to us."
Alona couldn't say anything, she was too tired and too overwhelmed, and the memories of the terrible events of the day were still too close for her to relate.  So she let herself be swept away in the tide of emotion and relief.  Everyone was overcome with relief at their return, but she was so tired that she felt numb to all of it.
As Oalun led her and Minsha back into the house, Jasamina and Yalania on each side to help support them, a belated thought popped into Alona's head.
"Tomis?" she blurted out.  She looked up, her eyes wide and desperate.  "Have you heard anything about Tomis?  What about Serlain, did he make it back?"
Oalun looked at her and then his gaze dropped to the ground.  Yalania was the one to speak, her voice low.  "We have heard nothing.  We don't know if they are still alive or not."
Minsha burst into tears once more, and practically had to be carried into the house.  Alona pressed her hands against her eyes, choking back sobs.  She was the one who invited Tomis to come with them, it was her idea to bring him along so he could carry the bags.  And in those first terrible moments of the attack, she lost sight of him.  He was such a fun, loveable boy.  If he was dead, then Alona would never be able to forgive herself.
"There are still people hiding out all over the city.  Tomis and Serlain are probably still alive and just can't get word to us," Oalun said, trying to sound supportive and optimistic.  But his words sounded like the hollow hopes that they were.  Oalun made his living by persuading and manipulating people and telling convenient lies to exert his influence, but right now he couldn't even summon up a convincing facade.  That's how tired and hopeless he was, and it hurt Alona to hear it.
"Come inside," Jasamina said, holding her arm.  "You need to sleep.  We'll all feel so much better in the morning."
Alona didn't think she would feel better at all.  Physically, maybe, but not mentally.  But she allowed them to escort her to her bedroom.  Oalun helped her remove her ruined dress, although there was no romance in it.  Naked and empty, she crawled into bed and tugged the blanket tightly around her shoulders.
"Alona," her husband said, standing in the doorway.  "I know that I don't say this very often, but ...  but you are very important to me.  You and Minsha are both important to me."
"I know," she said, wondering if she really did know that.
"I'll let you sleep," he said after a pause.  "Tomorrow we will know more.  But we will get through this, Alona.  All of us, together.  I promise that everything is going to be okay."
He slipped through the door and closed it behind him, leaving her in darkness.  She fell asleep almost immediately, sinking into the bed as if falling into quicksand.  Her dreams were brief and chaotic, flashes of light and deafening sound.  She dreamed that she was crying in the middle of the forest, with her parents dead at her feet.  She dreamed that she was on a boat, traveling to the nation of Tetharos.  She dreamed of fire and blood, and uncountable other images that faded away as soon as she dreamed them.
Twice in the night she came awake, gasping for breath and fumbling in the dark, a hideous terror grasping at her heart with cold hands.  She reached out for Minsha, who was out of reach in her own bedroom down the hall.  Alona slumped back into the bed, drenched in sweat, and returned to an uneasy sleep, wondering if she had not woken up at all and this was another fragmented dream.
When morning finally came, she slept through most of it.  Twice, her door opened and someone spoke to her, but she buried her face in her pillow and waved them off.  Finally, she felt a familiar touch on her arm, and turned to see Minsha kneeling by the bed.  The room was too bright, and she squinted her eyes against beams of light coming in through the narrow windows.  It seemed wrong for the sun to shine so brightly in the midst of such destruction and chaos.
"Come out of bed.  You should eat some breakfast," Minsha said, stroking Alona's arm.
"It's still happening, isn't it?" Alona asked. 
Minsha sighed and gave her a single nod.  "Yes, it is the same as yesterday.  They are still fighting.  We have heard no news yet."
"What are we going to do?"
"First, we are going to get you out of bed.  Eat some food and take a bath.  It will make you feel better, I promise it will.  Then we will see what can be done."
Alona sat up in bed.  She felt filthy and sticky, and pushed away her blanket.  She had not noticed it the night before, but her hands were visibly dirty, and so were her knees.  Her right leg had a scratch with a thin line of dried blood running halfway down her calf.  A red abrasion marked her left wrist.  She looked at the wounds as if unsure how they got there.
Minsha brushed her hair away and looked at her forehead.
"Is it bad?" Alona asked.  "I don't feel it right now."
"It is a bruise.  It will heal.  Your head does not hurt?"
"No, I don't feel any pain at all.  I just feel ? I feel nothing."
Minsha pulled her to her feet.  "Come."
She donned a simple yellow robe and went out to the dining room.  Breakfast was laid out on the table, fresh fruit and hot bread with glasses of tea.  She took a seat closest to the window, which looked out into the front yard.  She didn't feel hungry at all, even though she hadn't eaten the morning before, but she took some buttered bread and munched on it silently while she looked out the window.  She curled her legs underneath her to sit cross-legged in the chair.
The servants politely kept their distance, greeting her with a smile and nod, but otherwise giving her plenty of space.  Alona wasn't sure if they were respecting her privacy after what she'd been through, or if they were just avoiding her because she still looked like a mess.
"What have you told everyone?" she asked Minsha.
"I told them what happened.  I told them about the man who chased us."
"Okay.  I hope they don't ask me to talk about it.  I don't really want to."
"Talking about it helped me understand how I felt," Minsha suggested.
"I just feel tired," Alona said with a sigh.  "We didn't even learn the names of the soldiers who saved us.  I wish I knew who they were.  They're probably still fighting out there right now.  Or dead, I don't know."
Jasamina hurried into the room, her hands brushing against the door frame to help her navigate.  "Alona, is that you, dear?  I'm so happy that you're finally awake.  Come here and give me a hug."
She embraced Jasamina and the older woman nearly smothered her.  Jasamina's blind eyes were puffy and red, and she was still dressed in the nightgown she'd been wearing the night before.  As she pulled away, Yalania followed her into the dining room and gave Alona a warm embrace as well.
"How do you feel?" Yalania asked, concerned.  Her face was drawn and her eyes were dark, as if she hadn't slept at all.  "We thought you were going to sleep all day.  After what you've been through, I guess I would, too."
"What time is it?  I don't even know."
"It's nearly noon, dear," Jasamina said.
Alona had no idea it was so late.  She didn't even feel fully rested because of her fitful sleep, but now that she was awake, she might as well stay up.
Jasamina took a seat and said, "Oalun left to see if he could go to the Grand Palace, but he thinks that he'll be turned away.  He said the entire Grand Boulevard was full of people when he came home last night.  There was almost a full riot.  I can't imagine it will get any better today."
Yalania agreed and said, "I spent all morning up on the roof with him, hoping to see something so we would at least have an idea what was going on.  We even used your telescope to watch the harbor."
"Did you learn anything?"
"No.  All you can see is smoke.  Some of the fires down at the harbor are still burning.  We caught a few glimpses of soldiers heading south down this street and the next one, but none of them stopped here."
"Oalun didn't receive messengers or anything like that?"
"Not one.  He's so frustrated right now, that's why he left.  I guess he's not accustomed to being left out of important matters like this."
Alona could only shake her head.  Her husband was a powerful politician, but this was a war and he wasn't a military officer.  His main administrative responsibility was a region far to the west, so as far as the Grand Army was concerned, Oalun wasn't important to their chain of command.  They weren't going to waste a messenger just to inform him of military matters, not when they needed every single man capable of wielding a sword.  No wonder he went back to the Grand Palace.
"You haven't heard anything about Tomis or Serlain?" she asked, staring out the window.
"No," Yalania answered.  "We don't know where they are."
They were both dead, Alona thought.  For all they knew, poor Tomis was killed in the first moments of the attack, when all of Merchant's Lane erupted into chaos.  She had no idea what could have happened to Serlain.  He had been waiting by their carriage, so he should have been safe.  Alona wondered if he tried to search for them in the middle of it all.  Maybe he was scared to leave without them.  If he had returned here to the house without them, would Oalun had punished him for being a coward?
She ate some more breakfast while Jasamina and Yalania did their best to inform her what was going on in the city, but they knew little enough themselves.  The entire Grand Army was mobilized to combat the enemies, but beyond that, nobody knew anything.  According to Oalun, even units from beyond Samorath were going to come into the city to help combat the invaders.
"The biggest problem is going to be preventing a food shortage," Yalania said.  "With the harbor gone, that means no ships.  Most of our beef comes from Olnasis by boat, and obviously we've lost almost our entire fishing fleet.  Ships coming down the Aneshis River will have to stop somewhere north of the city to unload, because they can't risk coming even close to Samorath now."
"Did the barbarians go up the river?" Alona asked.
"I don't know, but they destroyed the King's Bridge to the old city.  One of their ships shot their fire weapons at it and the east section collapsed.  So now the old city is cut off, but they aren't in any danger of being invaded like we are.  Not now, at least."
Not now, Alona thought.  But how long was this going to last?  What if more ships full of Tetharosan warriors came up from the Golden Sea and landed on the shores south of Samorath?  What if they surrounded the entire city and prevented food and supplies from getting in?  What if they made their way up the cliffs to the old city?  There were already hundreds, if not thousands, of refugees from the southern half of the city.  If this battle lasted days or weeks, what could they do with all those people?  What if there was a food shortage after all?  There would be fighting, looting, protesting, rioting.  A situation that was already terrible would become ten times worse.
Alona wanted to clear her head.  There were just too many questions and too many unknowns, and worrying about it was not going to help.  Maybe Oalun would have some good news for them when he came home.
After breakfast, she decided to take a bath.  Yalania gave her another quick hug and then returned to the roof because she was anxious and had nothing better to do.  Minsha and Jasamina came into the bathroom with her.
The servants began to heat up some water to pour into the circular metal tub in the middle of the room.  Alona told them to heat it until it nearly scalded her skin.  Jasamina sat down on a bench by the wall as Alona removed her robe and tossed it aside.  Minsha helped her step into the tub when the water was ready, and she hissed through her teeth as she lowered herself into the steaming water.
One of the servants was a young girl named Durnine, barely twelve years of age.  When Alona looked at her, all she could think about was poor Tomis, lost and likely dead.  She nearly told the girl to leave her, but instead she just sighed and sank under the surface and held her breath for a few moments before resurfacing.  Minsha was there by her side, wringing out a wash cloth, while Durnine and two other female servants made themselves busy bringing soap and getting ready to wash Alona's hair.
Jasamina sat with her hands in her lap, her eyes staring at nothing.  She said, "I was playing my piano yesterday when Yalania came in and told me what was happening.  I didn't even understand what she said at first.  She said that the harbor was under attack, and it just didn't make any sense to me.  And then Fostrus came in and they were both talking, and I just couldn't respond.  Our city has never been under attack, not since the days of the Second Dynasty."
"Is Samorath the only city they attacked?  Do we know if they attacked anywhere else?"
"Nobody knows yet.  But Oalun is certain that the forts on the western coast must be under attack as well.  They're closest to Tetharos, after all.  Maybe Carthen and some other cities are fighting as well.  We won't know until messengers get here, probably tomorrow."
Alona scrubbed her legs and knees.  She discovered a few more scratches and cuts on her feet, and winced as she rubbed the wash cloth over them.  She scrubbed until her skin was pink and tender, the hot water melting away some of the tension in her muscles.  The servants washed her hair wordlessly, not wanting to interrupt.  Usually, Alona chatted with the servants as if they were her fellow wives, but today, they could sense her discomfort and reluctance to talk about what she had gone through.
"Do you feel better?" Minsha asked.
"Actually, yes.  I do feel better."  As if to prove it, she smiled and took Minsha's hand.  "How do you feel?  I'm sorry, I haven't even asked you that yet."
"I am okay.  Now that we are safe at home, I am not so scared."
"How did you sleep?  I didn't sleep very well at all."
"Neither did I."
"We should have slept together," Alona said.  "I woke up in the night and reached for you and you weren't there, and I was so scared, because I thought you were gone."
Minsha smiled and gave Alona a soft kiss on the lips.  "It was just a bad dream.  You and I are safe here.  Tonight we will stay together."
Alona squeezed her hand.  "Every night from now on."
She didn't care that the servants were there.  She and Minsha hadn't been truly open about their relationship yet, but everyone knew about it, so there was no reason to hide.  When she finished her bath, she rose from the water and let the servants wrap a towel around her.  She found it strange that just a week before, she would have been shy and embarrassed for Minsha to see her completely nude, but now it felt natural.  
"I just hope we hear some good news today," Jasamina said.
Minsha nodded.  "A new day brings new hope."
"Hope is what we need right now," Alona agreed.
Jasamina said, "Yes, we must have hope.  And faith as well.  The Mother and Father will surely lead us through this terrible time, we must have faith in them."
Alona pulled on her robe and tied the string around her waist.  Somehow, she remembered in those first horrific moments of the attack, asking the Mother and Father to preserve them.  But so many people had lost their lives, how could she have said a prayer like that?  She didn't even believe in the Mother and Father anymore
"I don't think I have any faith left," she said, trying to keep bitterness out of her voice.
Jasamina tilted her head in Alona's direction.  "You don't?"
"If the Mother and Father are truly watching over us, then they did nothing to stop the attack yesterday.  Having faith didn't save all those people who died.  Faith won't bring them back."
Jasamina said nothing for a moment, and Alona wondered if she said too much.  She didn't mean to upset Jasamina, but she felt the need to speak her mind.
But then Jasamina took a deep breath and said, "Faith is what it is, Alona.  It's not a magic cure, it's not a guarantee.  But neither is hope.  Hope is just faith without a direction.  When our daughter Sarafina died, I remember that I lost my faith.  I pray that you never experience that kind of despair.  I felt as if the Mother herself had come down and stolen Sarafina from me.  My beautiful little girl, taken away from me before I even had time to show her how much I loved her."
Jasamina rarely spoke about her daughter, the child who had only lived for two short days.  It was the family's private grief, and also the secret reason that Oalun had chosen to marry other women.  If he and Jasamina could have had children of their own, Alona wondered if he ever would have taken other wives at all.  It was a painful truth that if Sarafina had lived, Alona might have never married Oalun and never met Minsha either.
"It's easy to lose your faith," Jasamina continued, her voice level and calm.  "In times like this, it's hard to keep it.  But that's why faith is so important.  If it was easy, we would have no need for it.  When I learned that I couldn't get pregnant again, that's when I rediscovered my faith.  Because I realized that hope is too narrow, it's too selfish.  We hope that things will get better for us, we hope that we will be happy.  Hope is for ourselves, it's for right now."
Her voice gained strength.  "But faith is more than that.  Faith is about all of us, it's about all of mankind.  Innocent people sometimes die, and tragedies sometimes happen, I know that.  But having faith means that we believe the world will get better because of that suffering, the world will become stronger in the future, maybe even long after we're gone.  If this war goes on and takes thousands of lives, we have to have faith that those lives will mean something."
Chapter Thirty Five
Counter-Attack

The Grand City of Samorath loomed ahead of them like a gigantic stone fortress, its enormous walls towering over them like great gray monoliths.  Oskern was less impressed by the stunning sight, since he had spent many years in Samorath prior to being sent west.  But almost every single soldier marching behind him had never seen anything like the capital, and when he glanced over his shoulder at them, he saw their faces filled with awe and even fear.  Silvertown was nothing but a short introduction to the great cities of the Grand Empire, but Samorath was the real thing.
It took two long days of intense marching to reach the city, but somehow the timing had worked out in their favor.  Oskern sent runners to inform whoever was in charge in Samorath that they were on their way.  After marching to within a few miles of the city the night before, he let the men have a solid night's sleep before moving out just before dawn.
He would greatly have preferred to make it to the capital first, but the runners relayed an order to camp overnight outside the city.  The city organizers in Samorath were barely able to handle the huge number of refugees in addition to the influx of soldiers from all over the Grand Empire.  If they reached the city at such a late hour, they would wind up sleeping in the street anyway.  It would be better to just make camp and then arrive in the city early in the morning.
Normally, the final stretch of the Silver Road leading into Samorath was packed on both sides with merchants and all sorts of sellers, farmers, and local artisans.  Sometimes it rivaled the Grand Boulevard for the number of people gathered there, but right now the road was almost empty for the last few hundred yards, almost eerily so.  
The sky above the city was dark and hazy with lingering smoke.  Oskern already knew that a large section of the southern quarter of the city was now a burned husk, destroyed by the Tetharosan army on the first day of the invasion, and according to the runner he had received just this morning, the invaders now were firmly entrenched throughout most of the entire Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Districts, almost a full third of the entire city.  
Right now, after eleven days of constant battle, the two sides were locked in a stalemate that only the arrival of more Grand Army soldiers could break.  More and more arrived from the outlying forts every day, which meant that it was only a matter of time before Tetharos was utterly defeated.  But the invaders were determined to drag out the battle as long as possible.  Oskern already knew first-hand that the barbarian warriors from Tetharos would never surrender and never retreat.
"They really sent their entire force right into the city," Horunus said in disbelief.  "I just don't understand it.  They could have landed their men anywhere on the shore and sent them to surround the city and cut it off that way.  The roads into Samorath are completely open.  How could they think they could conquer the city like this?"
"Remember what happened at Bakk," Oskern said.  "For all their strength and manpower, I don't think they understand military tactics.  They just send all their men in one direct attack.  Maybe they think their god will give them victory."
"Maybe they just didn't know how large Samorath actually was."
Oskern didn't know and he didn't care.  Even if the enemy split its forces to try to lay siege to Samorath, in the long run they could never hold the city.  They could do far more damage and force the Grand Army to spread out their forces to fight a longer, more prolonged war, but in the end they would be defeated.  If they failed to take the city in the first day or two of the battle, then it would be harder and harder to maintain control.  Once reinforcements started to arrive, the Tetharosans would never be able to regain the advantage.
"Maybe they aren't trying to conquer at all," he surmised.  "For all we know, they sent an army here to fight and kill for fun, or to please their god.  Until we can actually interrogate one of them, we'll never know what their goals are."
Up above the gate stood a unit of regular city guardsmen, identified by the gray chain mail they wore instead of steel armor.  Oskern didn't even have to identify himself.  As soon as they marched under the shadow of the wall, the city gate began to open.
Captain Chennick of the Grand Army met them at the gate.  He and Oskern had studied together in the Academy, so there was no need for introductions.  Meanwhile, Horunus and Shianne ordered the men into the city, and they clomped down the street, most of them looking around in amazement.  The street was mostly empty except for a few booths selling bags of grain and vegetables, and a few locals stood around to watch the new soldiers arrive.
Chennick was joined by half a dozen other soldiers, who also looked upon Oskern's men with a visible sense of relief.  
"How many do you have?" Chennick asked.
"Just over a thousand," Oskern replied.  "Fort Tagon and Bakk were both attacked just two days before the messenger from Samorath arrived.  We lost six-hundred men and had to leave many more wounded behind.  This is every healthy man I have under my command."
"Yes, I was informed this morning about what happened," Chennick said with a nod.  "But a thousand men will help us immeasurably.  You're the first reinforcements we've had in two days."
"Are there any more units coming, or are we the last?"
"I don't know for sure.  As soon as the battle for Carthen is over, some of those men will come here, but who knows when they'll arrive."
"Carthen was attacked, then," Oskern said.
"Yes, and Blue Harbor too, and a few other cities.  And our neighbors in Darvosia are fighting off an invasion by Shargossa, or so they tell me.  The entire world is at war right now."
Oskern shook his head and spat in disgust.  "All right, so where am I sending my men?"
"Right now, the heaviest fighting is by Portobell Square and along Amavane Street in the Eighth District.  We managed to push them back behind the Akis Wall two days ago, but every time we turn around, there seem to be a hundred more them trying to break through.  I swear, it's like they multiply like rabbits."
"Has there been any attempt to bring ships back up the harbor to attack them from the rear?"
"A few unsuccessful ones, yes.  There are just too many ships.  The entire harbor is blocked off so anyone that comes in can't even reach land.  Instead, they've diverted our naval strength to the other cities, where they can actually do some good."
Oskern rubbed at his chin.  "Okay.  Just how bad is it right now in the city?"
"Bad," Chennick said.  "We're holding them at bay, but they keep slipping through our defenses and striking at different parts of the city.  They leap across the rooftops and start fires everywhere they go.  And they fight to the death, each and every one of them.  For each one we kill, it seems like two pop up in his place."
The sound of horse hooves directed their attention down the street as four riders came from around the corner.  The first rider, dressed in gleaming armor with the Imperial Insignia decorating the front of his breastplate, pulled his white mount to a halt and climbed down from the saddle.  He removed his helmet to reveal a man that Oskern was relieved to see.
"Commander Larando," he said, sticking out his hand.  "It's good to see you again."
"I'm a General now," Larando said with a fierce grin, giving Oskern's hand a powerful shake.  The former Captain of Fort Tagon didn't look like he had aged a day since Oskern had last seen him five years before.  Even in his mid-sixties, Larando was still forceful and intense, as strong and energetic as a man half his age.  "They promoted me the day after the attack.  It's good to see you again as well, Commander, and I'm happy to see that you brought some men with you.  And not a moment too soon.  We're going to need them."
"Where do you want us?"
Larando swept his eyes across the incoming soldiers, calculating their numbers in his head.  By the look on his face, he was disappointed there weren't more men, but he didn't give voice to his  thoughts.  Oskern wished that he knew more information before departing Bakk.  Some of the injured men he left behind might have been able to fight.  Now, he wished he had brought every single man able to lift a sword.  Even Jannick, with one arm, was a fierce fighter and a useful man to have.
Larando said, "I think we should split your forces, if that's okay with you.  Right now, Commander Renderly in District Three is in desperate need of reinforcements, and the fighting near Portobell Square has already spread nearly four blocks north to the guard station on Summer Street.  We need help there as well."
"My men will fight wherever they are needed, sir."
"Good.  Take half your men and head to Portobell Square right away.  The other half are coming with me.  Divide your Sergeants as well.  We need more officers to assist in the chain of command."
"What about me, sir?" Chennick asked.  "I only have a handful of men with me."
"Commander Oskern here can use your help, I think."
"Yes, sir," Oskern and Chennick both said.
As Larando walked back to his horse and climbed into the saddle, Oskern called out with his booming voice, "Everyone, listen up!  Right now, I want all the men who were stationed at Fort Tagon to follow Captain Chennick!  We are moving out!"
The number of soldiers from Tagon was less than half of his current force, so he pointed at some of the men at the end of the column, who had just now entered through the gates, and ordered them with Chennick as well.  "Everyone else, you are to report to General Larando!  Now move!  We're already late for the battle!"
There was a hectic frenzy of activity as all the soldiers ran around and organized into two main groups, spreading out all the way down the street.  Captain Chennick took control of the first group and immediately ordered them into lines to march at a rapid pace toward the center of the city.  Quickly, as the soldiers ran around to form lines, Oskern called over Horunus and the other Sergeants.  
"Okay, this is it," he said, "Shianne, Dashelus, I want the two of you to go with Larando.  Good luck to both of you."
"Yes, sir.  Good luck to you as well," Shianne said, firm and steady as always.  Dashelus merely nodded in assent, his face unreadable.  
In times like this, they all knew that it might be the last time that any of them would see each other.  But when Larando called for the men to move forward, Shianne and Dashelus ran off after them.
He said to Horunus and Alkane, "It looks like you're with me.  We're heading to Portobell Square, so let's go."
Horunus nodded.  "I heard they sell excellent wine there."
"Well, I'll be sure to try some."
Other than the soldiers and a few scattered sellers on the sidewalk, the streets were completely empty.  By now, almost all the citizens of the city had locked their doors and barred their windows, only coming out when they had no choice, to purchase a bit of food or get some water from a city well.  The entire city was shut down, even this far north, where the barbarians hadn't reached yet.  As Oskern and his men marched swiftly down the deserted avenue, he felt like they might as well be fighting in an abandoned city.  He had never seen Samorath so empty.
They took Baker's Street, which cut generally south all the way through District Four.  The majority of the soldiers from Fort Tagon had visited Samorath before.  Some had even grown up there, so they already knew the way.  Many of them were part of the regiment Oskern originally took through the mountains five years before.  But a few of them had never seen the capital with their own eyes, although it was disappointing to think that this was their first sight of the great city.
The smell of smoke grew stronger as they continued south.  When they passed the western edge of the Korrian Wall, the distant sounds of battle reached their ears.  They increased their pace, drew their swords in anticipation, and rushed onward.  Larando said that the fighting had reached Summer Street, which was only a few blocks ahead.
Oskern rushed to the front of the line, with Horunus and Chennick right behind him.  He could feel a shout rising in his throat, and raised his sword, charging headlong into the unknown chaos of battle ahead.  The pounding of footsteps that followed was like the sound of a tidal wave rushing behind him to flood the street with sword and shield.
"For the glory of the King!" he cried.
The intersection ahead was a scene of death and blood, with dozens of men lying motionless on the pavement, and dozens more screaming and fighting in a bloody brawl.  The Grand Army struggled against an onslaught of tattooed barbarians as they surged over barricades like a swarm of huge rats.  As Oskern led his soldiers into the fray, there was a split-second look of terror on the faces of the Tetharosan invaders who saw them coming, and that was all that the Grand Army needed.
With a crash of armor and scream of colliding bodies, they smashed into the barbarians and drove them back.  From each side street, more men spilled out, Grand Army and barbarian alike, their faces twisted in exertion, blood spattered across their bodies.  The paving stones underneath their feet were slick with blood and gore.
Oskern swung his sword and cleaved through a barbarian's head, spilling his brains.  His men swept around, ordered by their squad leaders to cut off any avenue of escape.  In the midst of battle, all the screaming and shouting became like one constant alien roar, and Oskern shifted through the mass of bodies with expert precision, killing men to his left and right. An axe blade slammed into his back and he spun around to take the man's arm off at the elbow.  He dodged a blow from a mace and buried his sword to the hilt in his opponent's heart.
And then there was no one left to fight.  Oskern lowered his arm and took a deep breath, scanning the street.  Bodies were piled everywhere, half of them with blue faces and half wearing Grand Army armor.
"Chennick!" he shouted, spotting him halfway down the street.  "Are they retreating south?"
"Go after them!" Chennick called back, waving his arm.  "We'll cut them off at the Sister's Fountain and meet you at the Square!"
"Let's go," Oskern ordered, gathering the men around him.  He didn't know how many were already dead, but at least a few hundred were still standing.  The fight was so short that some of them barely had joined in.  But it was early, yet.
They stormed past the makeshift barricades and headed farther down the street.  Up ahead, he saw a wall of Tetharosans regrouping.  He glimpsed some of them wielding bows.
"Take cover!" he shouted, leaping to the side.
Arrows flashed at them, streaking through the air.  Men screamed and went down, others leaped over their fallen comrades, shields up to protect them.  Like Oskern, most of the men ducked along side front porches and steps or took cover in narrow alleys between the houses.  He didn't even have to give the order to return fire.  In seconds, more arrows shot back at the barbarians, filling the street with missiles.
He called for them to advance, and ran out with his shield in front of him.  He felt two impacts and a third arrow cut across his leg.  They charged down the street and the armies collided once more, swords bashing against axes, screams filling the air, the better-armored Grand Army soldiers gradually pushing the barbarians back.
From the left, he saw more men rushing toward the fight.  He used his shield to block a heavy axe and split the skull of the man wielding it. Next to him, Horunus was slashing his blade across another man's stomach, spilling his guts.
"Arvia!  Arvia!" some of the men cried.  Others cried out "Karustra!"  Others simply screamed unintelligibly, blood splashing over them.  Oskern said nothing.  He simply fought until there was no one left to fight.
"They're moving back," Horunus said, panting for breath.
"Not far enough," Oskern said, gritting his teeth, looking down at his leg.  The arrow that clipped him took a chunk of flesh from his calf, and he had blood dripping all the way down his boot.
He tore a strip of cloth from his sleeve and tied it around his leg.  "If we can take back Portobell Square, we can regroup and form a defensive front.  Right now, they're doing the same thing.  We can't give them time to organize.  Where's Alkane?"
"With Chennick, I think."
"How many men do we have?"
"Enough," Horunus said, but his voice sounded grim.  Bits of blood and bone were clumped in his hair, and his sword was smeared red from tip to hilt.
"Let's go, then," Oskern said.  "Grand Army!  To me!"
They left the wounded behind, unable to help them.  In the aftermath of such carnage, a few brave civilians came out to help the wounded or to comfort the dying.
Portobell Square was actually a circle, a wide intersection with a public garden in the center with a few tall trees to mark the location from blocks away.  The trees were gone now, burned to nothing but charred skeletons.  Dead men were scattered everywhere leading north from the square, the men who had died trying to keep the barbarians at bay.  
Upturned wagons and piles of wooden crates formed temporary walls to hold off the oncoming soldiers.  Tetharosan archers lined the rooftops, firing down to the street.  Oskern could only hope that Chennick and his men were coming from the other direction.  He ordered his own archers to scale walls and get up the rooftops as well to pick off the barbarians.  Arrows rattled down around them like hail.
"We're stuck," Horunus said, leaning against a wall.
"We need Chennick.  Where is he?"
"Maybe he ran into more resistance."
One of the men interrupted, "There!  Look!"
Oskern peered over the top of some barrels and saw a line of Grand Army soldiers emerge from an alleyway half a block in front of them.  He didn't see Chennick there, but it didn't matter.  Seconds later, a roar of combat came up from the other side of the Square, and Oskern immediately ordered his men forward.
They charged down the street, dodging a few random arrows, and joined with the other soldiers to ram the barricade down, pouring into the Square, where a fierce battle was underway.  A couple hundred Grand Army soldiers broke through from the eastern side as Oskern and his men charged in, smashing the Tetharosans in between them.  The entire Square echoed with the screams of death and the clang of metal.
The Tetharosan archers didn't even care who they hit, they just continued to fire down upon the warring sides indiscriminately.  A few of them went screaming over the edge as they were hit with arrows fired from below or from the rooftops across the Square.
The tide began to turn.  Oskern sensed the subtle shift in combat as the invaders began to retreat further across the open street.  They might be utterly fearless, but they'd been fighting this battle for more than a week, and they were getting tired.  Oskern, on the other hand, was barely winded yet.
He clove his blade through a barbarian's chest, the man coughing up blood and collapsing to the pavement.  Another man came at him with a long-handled axe, and he deflected the blow with his shield, twisting to swing his sword into the man's side.  More blood splashed out and the man went down.  Oskern spun around and ran after a retreating barbarian, to bury his sword in the man's exposed back.  The entire fight was turning into a rout.
The Tetharosans ran to the adjacent street and slipped into alleyways and into buildings to escape the Grand Army.  Some of the soldiers, still in the heat of the battle frenzy, tried to give chase, but Chennick called them back before Oskern had the chance.
"Form a line!" he shouted.  "Get those men up here!"
Horunus came up beside Oskern, leaning on his sword.  "You outrank him, you know.  Maybe you should be giving the orders."
"Let him have his moment," Oskern grumbled.  "It's not important.  How are you faring?"
"I'd rather be in bed with a pretty young girl, but other than that, I'm fine."
"You'll get one tonight, I'm sure."
"I don't know about that.  They destroyed Sweet Harbor."
They joined with the other soldiers gathering in the Square, and Oskern took a few moments to see where they stood.  Now that they held Portobell Square once more, they had time to take stock of their numbers and assess the current situation.  It was better than he had hoped for.  Their losses were surprisingly few, and as more men shuffled in from side streets and finally caught up with the main force, their numbers swelled up to at least four hundred.  Not a huge force by any measure, but under the circumstances, it would be enough to drive the enemy farther south at least a few more blocks, which was their foremost goal.
They split into two groups.  The first would continue down the street in pursuit of the barbarians, while the second moved along the back alley behind the rows of houses to emerge half a block east.  It would be impossible to know exactly which streets the barbarians would be defending, so  there was no reason to complicate their strategy any further than that.  Two forces, heading south, to strike at the Tetharosans in two locations.
Chennick took the first group and Oskern led the second.  They funneled into the alley and split up further, taking adjacent alleys that were no wider than corridors.  The closely-packed buildings cast the alleys in a perpetual shadow, and they had to skirt past piles of garbage and refuse.  Each doorway might lead to an ambush, each rooftop might feature an archer to fire down on them.  They moved through quickly, swords at the ready.
They passed by a small yard squeezed in between two-story houses on all sides.  In the middle of the yard was a woman, lying on her back, her dress ripped open.  Her throat was slashed, and by the look of her, she had been dead for several days at least.  Oskern clenched his teeth and gripped his sword harder.  His thoughts once again crept back to the dead village in the mountains, where people had been burned alive.  When the invaders were finally defeated, what other horrors would they discover in the southern part of the city?
"Ambush!" Horunus shouted, jumping forward.
Half a dozen barbarians leaped down from a balcony over their heads, crashing down among the soldiers in the cramped alley.  More of them appeared from around the next building and immediately rushed forward, bloody swords and axes in their hands.  Oskern heard shouts from behind them.  More barbarians attacked from the rear.  But not enough of them.
Oskern used his shield to block a sword thrust and knocked the man back, swinging his sword to slice another man's arm down to the bone.  There was no room to move in the narrow alley, no chance at dodging or taking wild swings.  The fighting was fast and brutal, but in the end, the barbarians all wound up on the ground, and only a handful of Oskern's men had lost their lives in the brief fight.  Horunus had blood running down the side of his face and he grimaced in pain, giving Oskern a shrug.  
When they reached the end of the alley, it exited out into the main street, partially blocked by some stacked barrels.  Oskern sent some of his men down the adjacent alley to hopefully meet up with Chennick's forces.  The rest of them prepared to follow him out into the street.
"On three," he said, taking a quick glance through the opening.  All he could see was an abandoned street.  One of the houses across the street was damaged by fire.  There didn't seem to be anyone out there, but Oskern had a feeling they were there, waiting.
He counted down, feeling the men tense up behind him.  When he reached three, they all surged forward, jamming through the opening and knocking down the other barrels to clear the path out of the alley.  With a crash and a roar, they charged out.  
Fifty Tetharosan warriors met them as soon as they emerged into the street, screaming their hideous war cries, swinging axes and maces, insanity in their eyes.  Oskern once again slashed his way through the wall of men, grunting with the effort, reeling with heavy impacts each time he blocked with his shield.  He stepped back and lunged, slicing through a barbarian's stomach and yanking the blade sideways to rip the man's guts out.  In another moment, he heaved his blade upwards to slice through a bearded warrior's face.
The Tetharosans backed off suddenly.  Arrows rained down without warning and he shouted for the men to take cover if they could.  He raised his own shield a split-second too late.
An arrow zipped over his arm and pierced the side of the throat, just above the collar of his cuirass.  He staggered back, reflexively dropping his sword and reaching up to grab the arrow.  When he touched it, a splinter of pain blazed down his spine.
"Oskern!" Horunus screamed.
He felt his legs go out from under him.  With a sputtering groan, he fell against the side of a building, trying to pull himself back up even as he slumped onto his back.  Blood filled his mouth and he gagged, spitting blood across the front of his cuirass.  He tried to breath, but there was only blood.
"No!" Horunus gasped, suddenly standing over him.  "Oh, no ..."
Oskern grabbed his hand and squeezed it.  He could feel the blood gushing from his neck, drenching him, filling his mouth.  "Horunus," he gasped, sputtering blood.  "You're ? in command ? keep fight ? ing ..."
Horunus nodded, his eyes wide in shock.  "Farewell, old friend," he whispered.
Oskern gritted his teeth, but felt no pain.  He gurgled once more, unable to find breath, and then felt darkness slide across his eyes.  His head slipped back and his hand fell from Horunus' grasp.
Horunus stared down at his body for only a moment and then jumped to his feet.  He rallied the soldiers around him and they charged back into the fray.
"For the Commander!" they screamed.  "For the Commander!"
Chapter Thirty Six
Sacrifice

"I'm sorry, but we just received orders that everyone has to be evacuated," the city guard said exasperatedly, sweat dripping down his cheek.  The man looked like he had not slept in days, and maybe he hadn't.  Oalun didn't much care at the moment.  Six more city guards stood wearily in his front yard.  City guards!  They couldn't even bother to send Grand Army soldiers to come and get him, they had sent regular city guards!
"I was told just yesterday that we were supposed to remain here," Oalun snapped.  "It's been days and nobody knows what's going on!  Who gave you these orders?"
"Commander Tramon of the Grand Army, sir.  The fighting has reached Jewel Way.  All I know is that we have to get everyone out.  The invaders are directing all their forces into Jeweler's Hill, sir."
"Jewel Way?" Oalun blurted in disbelief.  That was only about ten blocks south of his house, he could practically see it from the back yard.  If they were that close, he would have been able to hear the battle before now.
"Oalun, let's just go!" Yalania wailed from the doorway.  Here eyes were already red and puffy from crying.  She had begun the moment the guards told them they had to leave.
Fostrus came around the side of the house, pushing a hand cart.  "Sir, there are no horses to pull the carriage!  We must try to save what we can!"
"Go!" Oalun barked.  "Grab the valuables!  And my personal records!"
He glared at the city guard, impotent in his anger.  In twenty years of service as an Administrator, he had never once lost his temper in front of an inferior, but he could barely contain his frustration and bitterness.  He was an Administrator, one of the highest-ranking political officers in the entire Grand Empire!  And so far, the military commanders were treating him like some kind of common peasant!  
For more than a week, all he could do was scrape together little bits of information from contradicting sources, since no messengers were ever sent to see him.  And now, a bunch of exhausted-looking city guards were here to tell him it was time to evacuate.  The enemy was ten blocks away.
He stormed into the house, leaving the city guards outside.  Fostrus was busy carrying an armload of scrolls and other paper documents, with another servant behind him to pick up the ones he dropped.  Alona was in the kitchen, frantically directing the other servants to pack whatever food they could into cloth sacks to take with them.  The entire house was a whirlwind of panicked activity.  Minsha frantically pulled free one of Evalene's paintings and ran to put it in the hand cart.  Meanwhile, Yalania was crying her eyes out and shouting for someone to help her grab some of their expensive clothes and jewelry.
"Sir," the guard said nervously, coming inside.  "Please, we have to hurry."
"You expect me to just leave my entire home behind to get ransacked and looted?  We should have been warned long before now that the enemy was so close!"
"I know, sir, but -"
"Oalun!" Jasamina cried, reaching out for him.  "It doesn't matter, these things don't matter at all.  If he says we should go, then perhaps we should go!"
"Fostrus!  Is there anything else?"
The old servant wiped his forehead.  "Just more records and files, sir.  And the wives' personal property.  We don't have room for much else."
"Go, then.  Hurry up and get out of here."
Jasamina tugged at his arm, pleading, "Let's go, please!"
"It's not safe here," the city guard agreed.
Yalania emerged from the hallway, sobbing, her arms loaded with clothing.  She had seven necklaces around her neck and they jingled like bells.  "We can't just leave everything behind!  This is our entire life, Oalun!  Everything we own!"
"It's just material possessions," he argued.  "We'll buy it all over again once the city has been saved.  We can only take what we can carry."
Alona, her eyes wide with terror, shoved bags of food into the arms of the retreating servants as they ran outside to join Fostrus, who was already pushing the cart down the driveway.  At least she was thinking pragmatically.  Food was more important than jewelry, and with food shortages already becoming a serious problem for the refugees, it was more valuable as well.
"Just come on," Oalun said firmly, grabbing Yalania's arm.  Jasamina followed close behind, her hand clutching Oalun's sleeve.  They went to the front door.
"Captain!" one of the guards screamed.  "Captain, they're coming!"
Oalun's head whipped around in a panic, his heart freezing suddenly in his chest.  Jasamina swung her head around, unable to see.  Screams came from every direction, it seemed, washing over all of them.  
His gaze went out through the main living room and through the doors leading to the back yard.  Horror crept up his back as he saw figures climb up over the back wall on the other side of the flower garden.  They were dressed in ragged furs, their faces colored with frightening splashes of blue.  They scaled the wall, half a dozen of them, and leaped down into the yard.
"Go!" Oalun shouted.  "Go!  Run!"
Two guards rushed through the house and bravely ran out into the back yard to meet the invaders, even though Oalun knew immediately that it was hopeless.  He and his wives bolted out the front door, Yalania dropped the dresses in her frantic escape.  Alona and Minsha were a few yards ahead of them, but Alona stopped and waved her arms desperately, crying for them to hurry up.  They crossed the yard and headed out down the driveway.
"No!" Minsha screamed suddenly.
The whole world seemed to slow down.  It was as if a terrible, supernatural shadow passed in front of Oalun's vision.  As they turned the bend to go down the rest of the walled driveway, more of the painted barbarians came into view down at the street.  Oalun saw Fostrus, his oldest and most loyal servant, stumble to his knees with blood gushing from his throat.  The other servants were running for their lives or already dead.
He halted in his tracks and grabbed Jasamina as she tried to run past him.  Yalania screamed at the top of her lungs, her voice a hideous wail of terror.  She clawed her hands across her face and turned to run back to the house.
"Oalun," Alona cried, running.  "What are we going to do?"
"Back to the house!" he bellowed, yanking Jasamina with him, who sobbed and begged to know what was going on, but Oalun could not tell her.
The city guard Captain burst through the front door, his sword glinting red to match the bloody wound on his other arm.  His face twisted in pain, he took one agonizing glance at what was coming behind them and gripped his sword even tighter, baring his teeth.  Oalun realized that he never even learned the man's name.
The other surviving guard came running around the side of the house, followed by two howling barbarians.  One of them burled an axe and it struck the guard in the head, splitting it open and dumping him onto the grass.
The guard Captain waved them all inside, but there was nowhere for them to go.  Already the barbarians were coming up the driveway, at least twenty of them, with murder and destruction in their eyes.  Oalun glanced into the back yard and saw more figures begin to appear at the top of the wall.  In a minute, the house would be full of them.
"We're trapped!" Yalania wailed in despair.
"Go to the master bedroom," Oalun ordered.  "Right now, go!"
"But we can't -"
"Do it!  There's nowhere else we can go!"
Jasamina had to be pried away from him, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Alona gave him a devastated look but could say nothing.  Their entire world was caving in around them, and Oalun felt like trying to drag out their fate was a futile gesture at best.
He reached down into the pocket of his robe and pulled out his knife.  For decades, he had carried that knife with him, and never used it.  Now was a good a time as any.  
"There are no reinforcements coming, are there?" he asked the guard Captain.
The man shook his head.  His useless arm dripped blood onto the floor.
"I'm sorry," Oalun said sincerely, staring at the horde of barbarians coming toward the house.  "Perhaps if we had gone faster ..."
"No," the Captain said, his voice strained.  "I don't think it would have mattered either way.  I'm sorry about your family."
"You can join us in the bedroom if you like.  We can block the door, perhaps hold them off ..."
"You go on, Administrator.  I'll defend the hallway as long as I can.  I'll kill a few more of them before they take me down."
"May the Father bless you," Oalun said.
He ran down the hall as the front doors were smashed in.  He told his wives to open up the bedroom door and they did so, letting him squeeze inside.  The last thing he heard before the door closed was the Captain cry out in pain.  Or maybe it was fury, Oalun didn't know.
"We're going to die," Yalania sobbed, sitting on the edge of the bed.
Alona and Minsha were holding onto each other for dear life, Minsha looking on the verge of a complete breakdown.  Alona was the only one without tears on her face.  She looked terrified, but somehow in control.  Oalun asked her to help him push one of their wooden dressers in front of the door, and together they managed to shove it far enough so that the door wouldn't open.  Yalania wept uncontrollably into her hands while Jasamina tried in vain to comfort her.
They didn't have any other furniture heavy enough to block the door.  The bed was firmly nailed to the floor and they couldn't move it, and the only other furniture was some light shelves that would not do much to slow the barbarians down.  Almost as soon as they got the dresser in the way, they heard men in the hallway, and the door rattled.  Then came the pounding and shouting, and a split-second later, an axe blade cracked into the door.
"This is our only chance," Oalun said.  "The window.  Now, go through the window."
"What?" Yalania asked.  "But they're all over, if we go outside they'll find us."
"They'll find us in here!" he snapped angrily.  "Now come on, go out the window and climb the wall on that side of the property.  It will take you in to the alley down to the street, and it's the only way you're going to get out of here."  As if to prove his point, more axes struck the door behind him, splintering it, followed by vicious shouting in the barbarians' foreign tongue.
Alona climbed up on the shelves and pushed open the narrow windows.  The bedroom windows were mostly for ventilation and were designed not to let too much sunlight in.  They were only about a foot and a half tall and three feet wide, and blocked with shutters, which Alona pushed open.  The eave of the roof stuck out about a foot past the edge of the window, keeping it in the shade.
"Go," Oalun ordered, shaking his head.  "Run as fast and you can and don't look back."
Yalania climbed out the window and squeezed through, sobbing and crying the whole time, and Minsha followed after her.  Alona climbed up and stuck her legs out, but paused before going through.  She looked at Oalun and her beautiful eyes sparkled with a range of emotions, words unsaid and feelings unexpressed.
"Oalun," she whimpered.
"Go," he said.  "Save yourself, my dear.  Tell them that I love you all."
"Farewell," Alona said, and she dropped out of the window.
Oalun wiped Jasamina's tears and then put her hands in his.  The top half of the door broke open behind them, and one of the barbarians screamed in a rage, trying to climb through the hole.  Oalun simply ignored them, blocking their foul war cries and turning to face his first wife.
"The window is not large enough for me, is it?" Jasamina asked, her voice trembling.  She stared up at him with sightless eyes.  Once upon a time, her eyes had been blue.  He would always remember that.  
"No, my love," he said.  He felt tears run down his own cheeks as well.
"You should go," she whispered, clutching his hands.  "You can escape."
"I would never leave you.  Not for anything or anyone."
"My love," she said, breaking down into tears.
"I love you so much, Jasamina.  Maybe we will see our daughter again."
"I love you.  The Mother and Father preserve us.  I love you."
The dresser crashed to the floor and the door broke apart right after it.  A swarm of barbarians flooded into the bedroom.  Oalun stood in front of Jasamina and raised his knife.  He stabbed it into the neck of the first barbarian as the man's sword cut right through his stomach.  Blood splashing across his face, he yanked the knife out and drove it through another man's eye, even as more swords and axes descended down upon him.  
Chapter Thirty Seven 
The Battle for Samorath 

The street was full of choking smoke and flying arrows.  Jasson ducked down behind an overturned cart and held his shield high, feeling projectiles ricocheting off its surface.  Blood dripped off his elbow from a cut on his forearm, earned when he moved too slow to deflect a sword thrust.  But he considered himself lucky that he suffered only a wounded arm.  Behind him, sprawled lifelessly in the street, were more than a dozen dead men in Grand Army uniforms. 
"Now!" Polus called out from the other side of the street.  "Now!  Come on!"
Jasson rolled away from the cart and bolted across the open area, with Nellan and a handful of other men joining him.  Just as they reached the safety of the alley, more arrows came raining down behind them, cracking against the stone pavement and sticking into the wooden wall of the building to their right.  Polus gazed into the street with wild eyes, his black hair sticking to his bloody forehead.  Fortunately, his injury looked worse than it actually was, but it would not stop bleeding.  He bared his teeth like a cornered animal and backed away into the alley. 
"How many did we lose?" came a nervous voice from the back of the group.  There were about forty men already waiting in the alley, including Jasson and the others.  He only recognized a few of them.  They were cobbled together from different regiments from all over Arvia.  Even their armor was not all the same, Jasson noticed.  Some of the men used larger shields, some lacked the shoulder pauldrons that his armor had.  Their helmets were similar but not identical. 
"Who's in command, anyway?" Polus demanded.  "Who were you men serving under?"
One of the others looked nervously at his new comrades.  "I came here with Captain Bolkun, but I haven't seen anyone from my regiment since the fighting started this morning."
"I was part of Commander Renderly's main regiment," another said.  "We got split up when the fighting started and I wound up with you guys."
"Where is Renderly now?"
"Who knows?" a weary-looking soldier grunted, leaning on his sword like a cane as he tried to catch his breath.  "He might be dead for all we know."
Nellan spoke quietly to Jasson while some of the other men spoke up.  "Do you think Aldus and the others are still alive?  What are we supposed to do now?"
"We can't worry about them," Jasson said.  "We have to figure out a way to get past those archers.  If we stay here they'll surround us and pick us off one by one."
"I'm a squad leader," Polus said to them all.  "Does that mean I'm in charge here?"
When no one contradicted him, Jasson said, "Looks that way, Polus.  What do you want us to do?  We can't stay here."
Polus glanced back into the street.  "They're coming," he said simply. 
Things went wrong almost as soon as they began their march south from the enormous plaza the other men called the Grand Boulevard.  Their regiment, commanded by Sergeant Shianne and Sergeant Dashelus, was ordered to reinforce the soldiers already fighting in the city, but few of them had any clear idea of what their main objective really was.  Almost none of them had never been to Samorath before, so they had no idea where they were within the city itself.  The capital was so huge that it made Silvertown look like the tiny village Jasson had grown up in.  It was miles and miles of rolling hills covered in condensed buildings and cross-crossing streets.  Thousands of homes and shops  all seemed to blend into each other until each block looked identical to the last. 
General Larando gave them orders and then moved on to direct some other part of the battle, leaving Dashelus to lead them, since he knew the city already.  But Jasson was pretty sure they never even reached their intended destination before they met the enemy.  
When the Tetharosan warriors struck, they hit hard and fast, flooding in from three different streets all at the same time.  Jasson and his squad heard fighting ahead of them just moments before they were dumped into a crowded battle that quickly devolved into a desperate brawl.  Almost immediately, their lines and organized squads fell apart and everyone got separated from each other in the heat of the battle.  Jasson found himself grouped together with Nellan and Polus, but he had no idea where the rest of his squad was.  It seemed like all the archers were ordered back because the soldiers here were all swordsmen. 
Following the general flow of battle down a twisting side street, they encountered a defensive position guarded by archers.  A dozen men fell in the first volley, including another squad leader who knew more about what was going on.  That left Polus as their highest-ranking soldier, and Polus didn't know any more than Jasson did. 
"Get ready," Polus ordered, his voice hard.  Everyone held their swords and braced themselves as a group of barbarians came sneaking down the street. 
"They're behind us, too!" someone hissed.  "Coming up the other way!" 
As soon as the enemy reached halfway between their main position and the alley, Polus raised his sword and cried out, "Now!"  He charged out into the street with Jasson right on his heels, and the rest of the men close behind.  The Tetharosans roared a foreign battle cry and slammed right into them, swords clashing and bodies flying everywhere.  Jasson smashed into an axe-wielding brute and knocked him out of the way long enough to thrust his sword into the belly of the man next to him.  Nellan came up behind Jasson and brought his sword down on the first man's skull, splitting it like a melon.  
Shouts turned to screams in short order.  More arrows launched into the street, striking soldier and barbarian indiscriminately.  They managed to push the Tetharosans back a few houses, leaving corpses littered in their wake. 
"Come on!" Polus shouted, charging forward, his face smeared with blood.  He brought down two men fighting him, slashing one across the stomach and bashing the flat of his blade into the other man's face, shattering his nose.  They both went down as more arrows streaked the smoky air. 
The Grand Army surged forward.  Even though there were only about two squads of men left standing, they rushed down the avenue as if they had an entire regiment at their backs.  Jasson hurled himself at a retreating barbarian, driving his sword into the man's back until the point stabbed out the front of his chest.  He gurgled and collapsed, taking Jasson with him to the pavement. 
He yanked out his blade with a spurt of blood, and got to his feet, following the others as they ran forward.  Two men went down as arrows struck them, one in the leg and the other dying instantly as the arrow struck him in the eye.  Jasson raised his shield to protect him as he chased after his comrades, Polus shouting victoriously as the first of them reached the barricades.  
Nellan barreled his way through more barbarians, cutting a path through them.  Jasson followed and they broke through the makeshift defenses, cutting down the last few Tetharosan archers.  Polus raised his sword exuberantly and shouted for the others to join him, but Jasson took a moment to climb up on top of some crates to look farther beyond the defensive barricade.  Nellan and the others laughed and joyously called out their victory.  
But when Jasson looked down the streets, he nearly lost his footing as a cold sense of dread washed over him. More Tetharosans were coming.  At least a hundred came roaring down the street like a stampede, heading right for them. 
"Polus!" Jasson screamed.  "Retreat!" 
Trying to fight that many would be suicide, so Jasson leaped down and ran for it.  A few of the Grand Army soldiers tried to help their wounded, but once they saw the first wave of barbarians rushing past the barricade, they ran as well, leaving the injured behind.  Jasson glanced back and saw Nellan and Polus coming fast behind him.  The barbarians flooded into the street, cutting down the few soldiers who tried to face them. 
In nearly blind panic, he darted down a narrow street in between lines of ransacked houses, hearing footsteps behind him.  He risked a glance over his shoulder and saw Nellan and a handful of others coming.  But he froze when a group of blue-faced savages leaped a wall on the other side of a nearby yard to cut them off.  
Jasson felt his instincts kick in and immediately skidded to a halt.  He ran at the oncoming barbarians and stabbed his sword into the first one, crying out a warning. 
The side street became a killing zone, swords flashing and bodies falling to the dirty cobblestones.  Nellan heaved his sword up with a frightening cry, severing an arm at the elbow.  The soldier from Captain Bolkun's group, whose name Jasson never learned, went down as an axe nearly decapitated him, spraying blood across the nearby wall.  Jasson killed the barbarian wielding the axe, giving vengeance to his unknown comrade. 
On the other side of the fight, Polus split open his opponent's chest and then spun around in a rage, cleaving through another man's skull.  He fought like a madman, as fearless and brutal as the barbarians.  
Jasson killed the man at his feet and looked up in despair as even more of them were coming down the alley.  He swung his sword to the left and right as if trying to fend off invisible foes.  
"There's so many," Nellan said, staring in shock. 
Polus, wild-eyed and splattered with blood, turned to see the oncoming rush of enemies.  He looked down at his sword with a strange expression and then shook his head.  He was only about thirty feet away from Jasson, a carpet of dead bodies in between them, but it might as well have been a hundred yards.  Polus looked back at Jasson and Nellan, and then, to Jasson's horror, he ran forward to meet the enemy, raising his voice in a powerful battle cry.  
"Polus!" Jasson screamed. 
But there was nothing they could do.  The few other soldiers still on their feet simply ran for it, and Nellan grabbed Jasson's arm to join them. 
"We can't save him!" Nellan said. 
Polus slammed into the Tetharosans, his sword swinging wildly as he cut the first two down.  For just a moment, he seemed to hold them back, slashing and cutting ruthlessly, moving so fast they couldn't stop him.  Jasson tore his eyes away long enough to follow after Nellan and the others, his head pounding and stomach churning.  As he reached the end of the alley, he took one final look back as the barbarians swarmed over Polus, cutting into him from every angle, until he fell under the weight of their blows and was trampled under their feet. 
Jasson ran for two more blocks, his mind reeling.  He heard the sound of battle up ahead and caught a brief glimpse of a woman with red hair zipping past, followed by dozens of soldiers.  Jasson and Nellan burst out into the street as more Grand Army soldiers ran past. 
"Sergeant Shianne!" Jasson cried, but she didn't hear him.  He shouted to the others running past and pointed back down the alley.  "They're coming this way!" 
Enough of the men heard him to form a line of soldiers to meet the Tetharosans as they came down the alley.  Archers filled the space with arrows, killing them as soon as they came into view.  Jasson and Nellan kept running and made it to the next street over before they found themselves thrown headfirst into the battle once more. 
A thousand men were crammed in the middle of the intersection, fighting for their lives.  Jasson could barely think straight anymore.  He charged right in and slashed into a barbarian's exposed back, jumping past the body as it fell to the ground.  The entire world roared in his ears.  The screams of dying men, the ring of steel on steel, the crackle of nearby flames, it was all like a deafening thunder that drowned out everything else.  His eyesight was filled with a blur of swords and blood. 
He suddenly found himself on the ground, his head ringing.  His hands were in pools of blood, his sword a few feet away.  He looked around dizzily and grabbed it, trying to regain his footing, but a body slammed into him and knocked him onto his back.  A hideous tattooed face snarled at him, inches from his face. 
And then the Tetharosan was gone, and Nellan was there, pulling Jasson to his feet.  "Are you okay?" he asked, his voice sounding far away.  Jasson's legs wobbled under him and he shook his head, trying to clear it. 
"I think I got hit in the head," Jasson mumbled. 
Nellan led him away from the edge of the fighting.  The battle seemed to move farther down the opposite street, although it was impossible to tell if the Tetharosans or the Grand Army was winning.  It was just a senseless mob of warriors screaming and hacking.  For each man that fell, it seemed like two more showed up to continue the brawl, like a never-ending cycle of eternal violence.  
Lying in the open amongst the dead, a wounded barbarian was writhing around, shrieking in pain.  A Grand Army soldier ran by to join the fight and casually stabbed his sword into the man's neck, putting him out of his misery. 
"Are you okay?" Nellan asked again. 
Jasson nodded.  "I think so.  Just give me a minute." 
"Maybe we can find our way back to where the others are.  When I saw Shianne, I thought they might be with her.  She was supposed to be in charge." 
"Not anymore.  I think there's small battles like this all over the city.  Nobody knows who's in charge anymore.  Shianne was just going where the fighting was." 
A soldier came running down the street, waving his arms frantically.  "Hey!  Is anyone in command here?  They breached our position on Jewel Way and we're fighting them on the other side of the wall!" 
"I don't know who's in charge," Jasson said, "but we have our own problems here." 
The soldier took one look into the aftermath of the battle there and shook his head in dismay.  There were still men fighting down the street, but the whole scene was chaos.  If he was looking for a commander to relay orders to, he was out of luck. 
He shouted to Jasson and Nellan.  "If you boys can still fight, then head to Jewel Way!  We need all the men we can get before the invaders get any farther!" 
"We don't know where that is," Nellan said. 
"Just go straight that way until you cross the wall and turn right at the next street!  You'll know it when you get there!"  And then he was off, chasing after the remaining soldiers still engaged in battle. 
"Let's go," Nellan said. 
They hurried up the street until they reached the thick stone wall that cut right across the middle of the city.  During their initial march toward the battle, they went parallel to a wall like it, but Jasson wasn't sure if it was the same one.  He remembered hearing Dashelus say something about the Akis Wall and the Bardeen Wall, but he didn't know which one this was.  There had probably been a real gate there at some time in the past, but now it was blocked off with crates and barrels and sandbags and anything else to keep the invaders from breaking through.  Instead, it seemed that they had just gone around it. 
There was an opening along the side of the gate, so Jasson and Nellan slipped through to the other side.  They heard the fighting long before they actually got there.  The terrible sound of combat echoed down the entire street.  It felt like it could have been heard anywhere in the entire city, the sound was so deafeningly loud. 
The sight was nearly awe-inspiring, and Jasson was left utterly speechless.  Almost as far as he could see, it was nothing but an ocean of men fighting.  The buildings far on the other side of the battle were burning like bonfires.  There must have been more than a thousand screaming barbarians engaged in battle, their alien voices rising above the ring of steel.  Jasson's mind reeled at the thought that there were still so many of them in the city after more than a week of fighting.  No matter how many they killed, more and more of the invaders just kept coming. 
He didn't even know where to go, he just ran into the thick of the battle, seeking out men with blue faces.  He kept slashing and stabbing until he was lost again in a haze of blood and fury.  He didn't have time to think, he just let his training take over.  Slash to the right, block on the left, step forward, slash down, parry to the right, turn and start the cycle over against an identical opponent.  He became deaf to the screams of death and victory, a pounding clamor in his ears.
It felt like he had been fighting for hours.  He staggered away as the battle thinned out around him, the street filled with fallen men on both sides.  Staring down at the front of his cuirass, he saw that it was splashed with blood and gore, and his hands were so sticky with dried blood that the sword seemed stuck to his hand.  His whole body ached and yearned for rest, and he would have loved nothing more than to lie down and pass out from the constant exertion, but he knew he couldn't.  He had to find Nellan and the others, and they had a war to win.  He took a deep breath and ran back into the fray.
Fire blossomed up on the next block over, an enormous whoosh of flame rising into the sky like a giant bonfire had just been ignited.  Jasson could practically feel the heat on his face.  The Tetharosans were going to the burn the city down rather than let the Grand Army take it back.  A wall of thick black smoke swept over the entire neighborhood like a shroud, blotting out the sun.
The roaring flames had spread to two more buildings that went up like kindling.  Smoke and ash flowed into the street, until the men were practically fighting in the dark.  Jasson ran through the billowing smoke and had to jump out of the way as a raging barbarian swung an axe at his face, barely missing him.  His foot slipped in blood and he parried the next swing, knocking the axe aside and turning his shield arm to face his attacker.  The barbarian launched himself again, laughing maniacally, baring black teeth.  Jasson reeled back from the axe smashing into his shield, before he managed to slip around and slash his sword across the man's thigh when he overextended himself.  The blade cut straight through to bone and the barbarian screamed as he went down, blood spraying from the severed artery in his leg.
Jasson didn't bother to finish him off.  In a few moments he would probably bleed to death anyway.  Instead, he ran through the crowd until he found a group of soldiers blocking a side street, trying to keep the Tetharosans confined to the main avenue.  From out of the hazy battle, a line of  barbarians stormed forward in a wedge.  They smashed into the defenders and broke through as Jasson caught up with them.  
He buried his sword into a man's exposed back and pushed the body aside, raising his shield to deflect a mace coming at his head.  The impact rattled his arm and he stumbled back, slicing upward to make some space.  The barbarian spat some curse in his native tongue, his filthy hair whipping around like a tail.  He swung down hard as Jasson lunged forward, cutting through his belly in one smooth motion.  The barbarian gurgled and fell past him, dead before he even hit the ground.
But before Jasson could turn around, an axe blade glanced off the back of his cuirass and send him sprawling forward, gasping for breath.  The armor saved his life, but he found it hard to regain his breath, a throbbing pain erupting in the small of his back.  Fumbling for his sword, he crawled away and managed to get to his feet again.  Some of the barbarians broke from the fight and ran past him, but the end of the street was defended by archers.  A volley of arrows took the last of them out.
The Grand Army soldiers regrouped and hurried to defend the street once more.  There were still hundreds more barbarians out there, but for now the Grand Army seemed to be holding them back.  Jasson didn't know how long it was going to last, however.  He was about to join up with the soldiers when he heard a someone shouting his name.
"Jasson!" came a woman's voice.  "Jasson!  Over here!" 
He spun around and saw Ralanna waving her arms.  He had almost forgotten about the other members of his squad in all the commotion, and he jogged over to her, his back still protesting and sending flickers of pain up his spine.  Ralanna was there as well as a few other archers he didn't know guarding the other side of the street.
"What's going on?" he said when he reached her.
He saw it before she could answer.  Sprawled on the sidewalk, behind a broken section of fence, lay Aldus with his face twisted in pain, gripping his leg.  Just below his thigh armor, his knee was a bloody, shattered mess, with shards of the broken kneecap sticking out of the skin.  Garben was kneeling beside him, but he just pressed down on Aldus' thigh to slow the bleeding, looking around helplessly as if seeking advice.
"One of them threw his axe just before we killed him," Ralanna said, her voice strained.  "It hit Aldus in the leg.  What can we do?"
"We have to get him out of here!" Garben said in near panic.
Aldus, clenching his teeth in pain and his face dripping with sweat, stared up at Jasson with terrified eyes, barely able to keep from screaming in agony.  "Oh, Father preserve me, this hurts!"
Jasson looked around and sheathed his sword.  "There has to be an infirmary for the wounded around here somewhere, right?"
"I don't know," Ralanna said.  "They didn't tell us anything.  I don't even know were we are now.  Every street looks the same to me."
"Who's in charge, do you know?"
"We haven't seen Dashelus or Shianne since this all started.  Some other Captain told us to defend the street, I didn't learn his name."
Garben stood up, his hands shaking.  He looked like he was going to throw up.  "Makul and Shandus are both dead, by the way," he said.
Jasson looked at him.  "So is Polus."
"Nellan?" Ralanna asked.
"I don't know where he is."
Shouting drew their attention back to the battle, as more barbarians rushed the soldiers defending the street.  But this time there were too many, far too many.  Jasson watched in horror as a wave of barbarians broke through the defenses, a mad screaming tidal wave of fury and rage coming after them.
Ralanna and the other archers drew arrows and fired at random as the barbarians began to break through, rushing toward them in twos and threes, howling like animals.  They went down like animals as well, arrows sticking from their chests.
From out of nowhere, the sound of horse hooves on pavement erupted from behind them, and a squad of soldiers riding huge white stallions charged in from around the corner, waving the Imperial Emblem.  The barbarians scurried back in surprise and tried to run away as the soldiers overtook them, cutting them down like farmers slicing stalks of wheat.
One of the soldiers pulled up on the reins to turn his horse around as the others continued onward out to main area of the battle.  His armor was polished until it shone like silver, marred only by a few spots of blood here and there.  He was armed with an enormous broadsword that was smeared red from hilt to tip, and he lifted it like it weighed nothing.  A pair of penetrating gray eyes peered out from the slit in his helmet's visor.
"Sir!  Captain!" Jasson shouted.
The warrior turned to look down at him.  "I'm not a Captain.  What do you need?"
"Some of the men are wounded.  Where can we take them?"
"That way," the man said, pointing with his sword.  "There is a Temple of the Mother and Father close by.  Take the wounded there."
"Thank you," Jasson replied.
The warrior gave him a nod and turned his horse around again to scan the surviving soldiers in the street, who were all looking at him.  When he raised his voice to give his command, it was like a boom of thunder.
"Everyone else who still has the will to fight, follow me!" he bellowed, kicking his horse into a gallop.  He charged out of the street and the soldiers all cheered as they ran after him.
Ralanna pulled Aldus' arm over her shoulder to haul him upright.  He screamed in pain when he tried to bend his leg, the shattered knee nothing but ruined flesh and bone.  Jasson grabbed his other arm and they managed to half-carry him to the other side of the street.
"I can try to take him myself," he said.
"No, I'm staying with him," Ralanna said fiercely.
"Be careful!" Garben shouted over to them.  He gathered up all the arrows they had left, including Ralanna's, and ran off to join the others who were following the mounted soldier.  Jasson didn't have to be told to be careful.  He nodded to himself and prayed that they wouldn't run into any trouble.  Ralanna was essentially unarmed, and Aldus was less than useless in his condition.
They carried him down an adjacent alleyway, Aldus groaning or crying out with almost every step.  A makeshift tourniquet had already been tied around his thigh to slow the bleeding, but blood still bubbled and dripped down his leg, soaking his pants and boot.  At least he remained conscious the entire time.  Jasson was no physician, but he doubted that they could save his knee.  None of them said it, but they would likely have to amputate Aldus' leg, just as the doctors in Bakk had amputated Kredan's arm.  Even if they didn't, Aldus would still be a cripple the rest of his life.
"We can ? we can stop to rest ? if you want," Aldus said after they had made it about two blocks.  His face was drenched in sweat and he could barely raise his head.  "I'm going to ? going to be okay."
"No," Ralanna snapped, for the first time some real panic showing in her voice.  "We're not going to rest until we get you to a doctor.  You're not dying on me, you hear me?"
"Okay ? okay, I promise I won't die."
"Come on," Jasson said.  "We're almost there.  I can see it up ahead."
It was hard to miss.  The Temple was a circular building with a blue tiled roof, and it was surrounded by people trying to get inside.  Outside the building, there were at least fifty men in various stages of injury, some of them lying on blankets or litters, and others leaning against the wall, cradling broken arms or holding their hands over bloody cuts and gashes.  Aldus wasn't the first casualty being brought there to seek medical attention.  Even as Jasson and Ralanna carried him up to the front steps, more wounded men were limping in their own or being assisted by others.  All around them were groans of cries of pain and suffering, as some of the men were in far worse shape than Aldus.
Jasson remembered a scene just like this, barely a week earlier.  But this was worse, because at least in Bakk, the wounded men knew the battle was over and the enemy was defeated.  Here, every wounded man was one less soldier to fight the barbarians who were still destroying the city, and they all knew it.
Priests in red and blue scarves rushed about, checking on the men to see which were in the most need of help.  A bunch of children hurried among the wounded men, giving them clean rags to serve as bandages and glasses of cider to help dull their pain.  They also gave out glasses of water to anyone who wanted a drink, and Jasson gladly took one, gulping it down in one long swallow.
"If the enemy finds this place ..." Ralanna said, looking around.
"Let's hope we can hold them back, then," Jasson said, tossing the empty cup away.
Together, they brought Aldus to an open space near the door and set him down.  He moaned through clenched teeth until he was flat on his back and then he gasped for breath, finding momentary relief from the pain.  He muttered a weak thank you to Jasson and then slipped into blissful unconsciousness.  But he was still breathing, that was all that mattered.
"I'm staying here with him," Ralanna said, kneeling down to hold his hand.
"I understand.  If he wakes up, tell him I'll see him soon."
"Good luck, Jasson.  Make sure you come back."
"I will."
A seemingly never-ending stream of wounded men passed him as he ran back to the battle.  They emerged from the smoke-filled street with soot on their faces, carrying their comrades or trying to make it on their own.  One side of the street was nothing but a line of burnt-out buildings, with fire still lingering in the wreckage.  Dozens, hundreds, maybe even thousands of dead men littered in the street, lying where they had fallen.  Jasson didn't look at their faces, he just kept running until he reached the battle once more
The Grand Army succeeded in driving the barbarians back several blocks, and was now reorganizing the remaining forces.  Soldiers on horseback ordered the men into new lines, barking commands and shouting words of encouragement.  
"We have them on the run!  Today is the day we drive them into the ocean!  Your bravery and courage will be remembered forever!  Now prepare to fight!"
Jasson joined up with one of the groups as a ragged cheer went up.  The men were hungry, bloody, and exhausted, but they were still ready to fight.  Jasson raised his voice with the others, feeling a sense of pride in the knowledge that he was still there to join them in one more push.
What would his family think of him now?  Did they have any idea that this terrible war was even being fought, or were they just living their simple lives in the mountains, unaware of what was going on in the world?  He thought about Kateesha, waiting for him in Bakk, praying that he would come home safe.  A thousand wild thoughts ran through his head as the soldiers formed their lines and the commanders ordered them forward.
"Jasson!" came a shout.  
It was Nellan, hurrying over to him, and he had Jirtha with him.  "Thank the Father you're still here!  I was looking all over for you!"
"I had to help Aldus," he said, and then quickly explained what had happened.  Nellan's face fell when he heard the news, but he nodded stoically.
Jirtha had a grim look on her face.  She had red streaks across her cheek, as if someone rubbed bloody fingers across her face, and her hair was also clotted with gore.  Three broken arrow shafts jutted from her shield.  She listened intently to Jasson but said nothing.  He couldn't tell if she was tired or angry, or just unwilling to speak.  
"It's almost over now," Nellan said, looking forward.  He pumped his arm, slashing his sword in anticipation.  "I can feel it.  They came at us with everything they had left, and we beat them, Jasson.  We're going to end this war today, I just know it."
"Let's just worry about the next fight," Jasson replied.
They heard the familiar roar of battle ahead, and then the line of soldiers rushed into a huge intersection where five wide streets all met together.  Flames shot into the sky in the distance.  They could all see the flood of Tetharosan barbarians pouring in from the opposite street, meeting the Grand Army with an ear-splitting clash of swords.  
Jasson raised his sword and ran into the jaws of death once more.
Chapter Thirty Eight 
Escape 

        Alona dropped down from the top of the wall, losing her footing and tumbling to her knees.  Minsha came down almost on top of her.  
        "Oalun?" Yalania asked, her hands shaking.  "Where is Oalun?" 
        "He stayed behind!" Alona said, grabbing her sleeve to pull her away.  "He stayed with Jasamina!  We have to go now!" 
        "No," Yalania whimpered, "No, he'll be killed.  He'll be killed!" 
        "He is already dead!" Minsha said harshly, her own face streaked with tears.  "And we must go or else we will die beside him!" 
        Somehow, Yalania managed to pull herself together long enough to make her legs move, and they ran haltingly down the alley.  The entire world seemed to be closing in on them.  The narrow alley went in between Oalun's property and that of his neighbor, and was designed to allow locals to cross through the neighborhood without being seen by the wealthy politicians and nobles who lived there.  Once, Alona had been vaguely upset by the thought of forcing poor people to use different streets just to keep them away from the rich homeowners, but at that moment she was thankful the alleys existed.  Somehow, the barbarians were not using them.  Instead, they were cutting directly through yards and climbing walls to get to each house, where their victims were. 
        They heard screaming ahead, a woman's voice wailing like a terrible siren, coming from the other house next door.  Alona closed off her mind to what was happening and just ran. 
        But she couldn't escape one singular, devastating thought: Oalun was dead.  Her husband was dead, murdered by the violent and crazed savages that had invaded her home.  And Jasamina, her friend and surrogate mother, the kindest and sweetest woman she had ever known, was dead beside him.  And not just them, but all the servants as well, like Fostrus.  They were Alona's friends too, and they were all dead.  It was like an icy fist had reached into her chest and closed on her heart, but she couldn't stop to let out the pain and grief welling up inside her.  She had to keep moving, she had to lead Minsha and Yalania, the only family she had left, to safety. 
        When they reached the street, the horror of what was happening caught up with them once more.  The house across the street, owned by a friendly retired General named Shurane, was wreathed in flames and belching black smoke.  Servants and other people were running down the street, looks of absolute terror on their faces.  Off to her left was the entrance to Oalun's driveway, and from just behind the gate, a pair of legs stuck out.  Alona didn't dare stop to see which of the servants lay there.  
Blue-faced warriors ran from house to house, spreading fire and death like an apocalyptic plague.  For the moment, they didn't even seem to notice the few people trying to escape the slaughter, they were too mad with destruction and the sowing of flames.  
        Alona had no idea what they were going to do.  Yalania sobbed and tore at her hair, the words coming from her mouth barely intelligible.  Minsha had to drag her along to keep her from curling into a ball and surrendering to her terror. 
But Alona and Minsha had lived through this once already.  Alona held herself together the last time, and she was not going to fall to pieces this time either.  They had to get out of their neighborhood and get to the northern part of the city.  Alona knew where that was now.  In the days since their frantic escape through the city, one thing she had done was look at a map to better understand how to get from place to place, although she had no idea that she would need that knowledge so soon. 
They ran along the sidewalk, close to the wall surrounding their neighbor's property, and cut across the street as soon as it looked like no one was watching them.  Behind them, a column of smoke billowed across the houses like a blanket, smothering the screams of death and agony.  A few other people running for their lives passed by toward the main street at the next intersection, but Alona led Minsha and Yalania to another pedestrian alley that went through the next block of homes. 
No one else was in the alley, but before they even reached the next street, Alona stopped in her tracks and tried to retreat back the way she had come.  They could hear the sound of fighting ahead, a sudden, deafening clash of battle.  Immediately, a rush of bodies overflowed into the end of the alley, thrashing and swinging wildly.  Alona stumbled backwards, staring in horror as men went down gushing blood and gasping for air.  
A Tetharosan berserker swung a battle axe with a furious roar and chopped through a man's head, cleaving it in half.  He broke away from the fighting and ran towards Alona, but was brought down by a sword to the back of the head.  He collapsed to the pavement, lifeless, and the Grand Army soldier who had felled him shouted at her, "Get out of here, woman!" before turning to fight someone else. 
But there was nowhere for them to go.  Barbarians stalked the streets back the way they had come, and an army blocked their way forward. 
Minsha shook her head adamantly.  "We cannot go back!" 
"We don't have a choice." 
"We're going to die!" Yalania cried.  "Mother preserve me!"
They ran back down the alley to the street they lived on, and turned right.  Yalania protested at first, but when she saw more madmen rushing down the next street toward the battle, she shut her mouth and chased after Alona and Minsha.  They ran past the blazing inferno that was Shurane's house, able to feel the heat on their faces.  The house next door was burning as well, and the entire street was thick with smoke.  
It was like the end of the world.  The three of them ran down the street, holding hands to stay together.  Yalania was weeping and praying to herself, but Minsha remained silently vigilant, her eyes darting to the left and right.
Alona hoped to reach the next street and make their way north toward the Grand Palace.  For all she knew, the barbarians were there already, breaking down the doors to murder the King himself.  But they had to try.  She had no idea where else they might be safe, unless they tried to leave the city entirely.  She prayed that it did not come to that.
Officials promised them over and over that they were safe at home, that the invaders could never get that far into the city, that the Grand Army would hold them in place and confine them to the Eighth District.  Every single day, Oalun had debated leaving the house behind, and every single day had decided to stay and follow the orders of the Grand Army and the city guard, who insisted people stay in their homes.  There were already thousands of displaced people taking refuge in the northern half of the city, and they didn't need any more, even a high-ranking politician like Oalun.
All those assurances that they were safe had come to nothing.  How many of their neighbors died when the barbarians finally reached them?  How many hundreds of people died in their homes when the barbarians came to smash the doors down?  Alona didn't want to think about it.
They reached the end of the street and carefully looked both ways to make sure it was safe.  But when she spotted movement coming in their direction, she immediately scrambled backwards.  Yalania tried to suppress a moan of despair as Minsha pulled her away.  They crossed the street once more and hurried down another narrow pedestrian alley, this one blocked with stacks of wood and other junk.  A group of barbarians came out into the street just moments after they disappeared down the alley.
"We have to find somewhere to hide," Alona said.  "We can't stay on the streets."
"But where can we hide?" Yalania said.
They reached the next street and once again looked out to see if it was safe.  The avenue was strewn with rubble and garbage, items abandoned by the escaping civilians or thrown there by the ransacking barbarians.  Clothes, expensive pottery, dishes and candlesticks made of silver, sheets of parchment blowing in the smoky breeze.  
Here and there, a dead body lay butchered and left in the street.  One of them was that of a child.  Alona covered her mouth with her hand, to no effect, and continued along the sidewalk, searching for a house that looked like a safe place to hide.  The buildings that weren't completely gutted by fire were still half-destroyed, doors ripped from hinges and walls painted with blood. 
"No, we're going the wrong direction," Yalania moaned.  "Alona, we should head up the hill, it's got to be safer that way." 
"That's where the fighting is," Alona replied, not looking back.  "We tried going that way already and it was too dangerous.  All the soldiers are heading north."
"We must keep going," Minsha said.  "If we try to hide, we will be in more danger." 
"Everywhere we go is full of people fighting!" Alona said exasperatedly.  "The entire city is one big battlefield.  We should find a place to hide until the fighting is over." 
Yalania wiped her face and looked down at her filthy dress.  "What does it matter?  We're going to die anyway."
"Shut up!" Minsha snapped at her. 
"We're going to die!  Don't be stupid!  Do you really think we'll make it out of here alive?  They killed Oalun!  And Jasamina and all the others!"
Minsha turned on her and gave her a harsh slap across the face.  "I said to shut up!  Stop saying those things!"
Yalania broke down into sobs, and Minsha swore to herself in her native language, forcing herself to look away.  She would not meet Alona's gaze either.  But Alona couldn't judge her for lashing out, not at a time like this, when all of them were at the end of their wits.  She sympathized with Yalania as well.  Yalania had lived a comfortable and easy life up until now.  Even before she married Oalun, she was the daughter of a wealthy merchant.  Alona found it hard to blame her for acting the way she was.  And of the three of them, Yalania had truly loved Oalun the most.
Alona saw a two-story house at the end of the street that looked intact.  She walked around a dead body in the street and said, "The fighting can't go on forever.  The Grand Army is going to defeat them, so all we have to do is stay safe until that happens."
"No," Minsha insisted.  "We must keep going.  It is not safe here at all."
"It's not safe anywhere."
They passed a waist-high stone wall and passed through the simple wooden gate.  The front door was wide open, giving Alona pause, but she was convinced that there were no barbarians there or else she would hear them.  
She was half right.  As soon as she came into the doorway, a dirty-looking man wielding a heavy crossbow appeared from the shadows.  Alona let out a shriek and backed away, holding her hands out in front of her as if they could stop a bolt.  But the man holding it was not Tetharosan.  
"Get out of here," he said, glaring at her.  "You go on and find somewhere else, you hear me?"
"We were just, just looking for, somewhere to hide," she stammered. 
"I know what you were looking for," the man said evenly.  "You were shouting so loud, everyone within a mile could hear you.  But I found this place first.  So you can just get lost."
"Please," Alona said, unable to take her eyes away from the crossbow.
Another man came from beyond the entrance way, a small wooden chest in his arms and an expensive silk robe slung over his shoulder.  "Del, what are you waiting -" he started to say.  When he saw Alona standing there, he stopped in his tracks and then let out a chuckle.  "Oh, well I see that we have visitors." 
"No, we don't," the man named Del said, not taking his eyes off of Alona.  "They were just leaving."
"Nonsense," the other man said, setting down the wooden chest.  He bared his teeth in a cruel approximation of a smile, but there was no humor in his eyes, which traveled down the front of Alona's body.  "Come on inside, ladies.  We'll keep you nice and safe in here.  Don't you worry about a thing."
Alona took a step backwards, her hands trembling.  She glanced back and forth between the men, realizing that the one with the crossbow was actually the less-dangerous of the two.  Behind her, Minsha and Yalania had already retreated back to the sidewalk.
"Put that crossbow down, Del.  You're scaring the poor ladies." 
Del gave Alona an imperceptible nod.  "Get out of here," he said again. 
Alona took his advice and ran away.  She heard the other man yelling after her but didn't look back.  Minsha waved her across the street and they hurried along the sidewalk until they reached the next street over. 
"This place is not safe," Minsha said.  "I told you we must keep going." 
"Yes, you're right," Alona said, her heart racing. 
"Those men were thieves!" Yalania said, clutching at the jewelry around her neck. 
Of course they were thieves, Alona thought.  How could she have been foolish enough to think that these homes would not be looted by criminals as soon as the barbarians moved on to their next fight?  Whatever valuables the barbarians left behind would surely be snatched up by opportunistic thieves.  And gold and jewels were not the only thing up for grabs.  Women would not be safe.  The thief named Del had probably saved her life.  
She cursed herself for her own stupidity, believing that they could just hide until it was safe to come out.  If the city fell, the barbarians would burn everything, and criminals would take whatever they could get their hands on.  Their only hope was to find soldiers of the Grand Army to get them to safety.
As they reached the next adjacent street, Alona tried to remember which way they were heading, and how they could get to the Grand Palace.  If they turned right, it would take them generally northward, which was the direction they wanted to go.  But they already saw barbarians going up the street that way, which meant it wasn't safe.  If they turned left, it would take them south to the neighborhood called Jewel Way, which she recalled was already overrun with barbarians.
"Let's cross the street here," she suggested.  "Maybe we can keep going this way until we reach the Grand Boulevard."
"I hear fighting," Minsha said.  "If we are going, we must hurry."
Suddenly nervous, Alona crept out into the street.  She could hear fighting as well, coming from the south, where huge plumes of smoke drifted into the sky.  It looked like the entire horizon was on fire.  When she looked the other way, she saw some figures a few blocks down, but she couldn't make out if they were friends or enemies.  Gripping Minsha's hand tightly, she darted out into the street.
But before they had reached the other side, Yalania suddenly let out a terrified shriek and pulled out of Minsha's grasp.  A group of savages with snarling faces and bloody fur clothing ran out from around the corner, howling excitedly, swords and axes in their hands.
Yalania broke away and took off, forcing Alona and Minsha to chase after her.  The barbarians babbled in their foreign tongue and  followed them down the next street.  Alona heard more men shouting in the distance.  As they ran after Yalania, the sounds of war somehow got closer, as if they were running right into the heart of a battle.
With a scream of pain, Minsha went down, falling face first to the pavement.  Her foot snagged on an uneven cobblestone, twisting her ankle.  She cried out and Alona grabbed her, pulling her up as she tried to hop on one foot.  Tears streamed down her face as they managed to get off the street to the sidewalk.   Yalania was far ahead of them now, not looking back.
There was another narrow alley ahead, just a walkway in between two merchant shops on the corner.  Bins full of garbage and rubbish sat against the wall, and smoke from the burning buildings drifted into the alley like eerie fog.  Alona struggled to help Minsha into the alley, moving as fast as they could, Minsha's injured foot dangling uselessly.  She cried and whimpered, fiercely grabbing onto Alona's shoulders.
"Help!" Alona screamed.  It was a pathetic, useless cry of desperation.  "Help us!  Anyone, help us please!"
The barbarians pursuing them split up, most continuing down the street.  She didn't even know if they were chasing Yalania or not.  But two of them stopped and ran into the alley, murder glinting in their dark eyes.  One of them laughed, a hideous, inhuman sound.
"Help!  Mother save us!" Alona screamed again.
Minsha lost her balance and fell, taking Alona down with her.  She struggled to her feet and tried to place herself in front of Minsha, to protect her, to do anything she could.  She grabbed a loose board of wood and held it up like a sword, tears streaming down her cheeks.
Footsteps sounded at the other end of the alley, running toward them.  Alona didn't look to see, but Minsha cried out in relief.  Suddenly, a man in a Grand Army uniform ran past her and confronted the barbarians, swinging his sword in a wide arc to drive them back.  
Another soldier appeared, joining his comrade to fight the barbarians.  He raised his shield to block an axe blow, and then stabbed his sword into his enemy's chest.  Letting out a howl of rage, the other barbarian knocked the first soldier back and swung at his head.  But the soldier dodged expertly and spun around to slice at the man's arm, cutting it off at the elbow.  Even as the howl turned into a squeal of pain, the soldier slashed his blade across the barbarian's throat.  He fell dead to the ground beside the other one.
Alona sobbed in thanks, dropping the board of wood.  One of the soldiers ran up to her and helped her to her feet.  She wrapped her arms around him and buried her face in his neck.
"Oh, thank you!  Thank you!" she sobbed uncontrollably.
"Wait," the soldier said suddenly, pulling her away.  Alona's vision was blurred from her tears, so she wiped her face and tried to regain her composure.  The other soldier sheathed his sword and tried to help Minsha to her feet but she could not stand.
The soldier stared at Alona.  He was young, about her own age, and there was a brief flicker of recognition in his eyes.  Something about him seemed familiar to her as well, but she couldn't place where she had seen him before.
"Alona?" he asked, his voice barely a whisper.  "By the Father, is it really you?"
Chapter Thirty Nine
Reunion

Jasson stared at her in disbelief, unable to grasp the impossible coincidence that had led him there.  He knew he wasn't mistaken.  It was Alona, it had to be.  Her face looked just the way he remembered, the unforgettable color of her eyes, the curve of her chin, it was like a living memory.  He had practically forgotten about her in all the years since he left Oakenfal.  He hadn't thought about her in years, but there she was, the girl he had grown up with and wanted to marry, right in front of him.
"Alona?" he mumbled.  "By the Father, is it really you?"
She stared at him, her expression half fear and half confusion.  "What?  Who ? who are you?"
"Jasson!" he said.  "It's me, it's Jasson from the village!  By the Father, I don't believe it!"
Alona blinked stupidly and then the realization hit her.  "Jasson?  But ? but what are you doing here?  How can you be here?"
Nellan was staring at her too now in utter surprise, as he tried in vain to help the Darvosh woman to her feet.  "Alona?  Wow, I don't believe it either!"
Alona looked at him in utter confusion.  "Nellan?  What are you two doing here?  You're both soldiers?  I thought that you ..."
"It doesn't matter," Jasson said, shaking his head.  They would figure it out later.  Right now, they had to get out of there and he had to return to the battle.  "Come on, we have to get you somewhere safe."
The Darvosh woman looked at them miserably, her face stained with tears.  "I cannot walk.  I am sorry, I think my foot is broken."
"Can you carry her?" Jasson asked Nellan.  "You're stronger than me."
"Sure, I guess so," he answered with a shrug.  He stooped down, tucked his arm under her legs and the other around her shoulders, and picked her right up as if she weighed only a few pounds.  Her foot hung down loosely off her ankle, and she whimpered in pain each time it moved.
She reached out with a shaking hand, and Alona rushed over to her.  She gave her a quick embrace and then a kiss on the lips, clutching her hand.  "We're going to be okay," she said breathlessly.  "Minsha, we're going to make it."
Jasson watched the exchange in surprise, but didn't say anything.  He was still in shock from seeing her, as his brain tried to piece together how they could have possibly crossed paths like this.  He remembered that she had left Oakenfal to meet with the King, but he couldn't remember the details about why she had gone.
Finding her was little less than a complete miracle.  It was like a one in a million coincidence.  He and Nellan had chased some barbarians away from the battle just in time to hear her screams.  If they'd gone down the street thirty seconds sooner or later, he would have missed her and she would probably have been killed.
"Come on," he said.
"Where are we going?" she asked.
"Somewhere safe, for now at least," he said, going back out into the street.  Back the way he had come, the fighting was still intense, but at the moment there was no one there, so he directed the others out of the alley and led them away.  He was pretty sure the Temple was a few blocks up ahead, and it was the safest place he could think of at the moment.
They encountered one stray barbarian who came running out of a building, and Jasson quickly took him out as Alona shrieked in fear behind him.  Nellan briefly set the Darvosh woman down and drew his sword, but no one else came at them.
"Tell me," Alona said desperately.  "Tell me the truth.  Are we going to win?  I mean, can you really fight them off?  Everywhere we go, there are more and more of them."
"We'll defeat them," Nellan said, sheathing his sword again.
"How can you know for sure?"
"It's okay," Jasson said, touching her arm.  "I know it looks bad right now, but we're taking the city back.  They sent everyone they had to break through our defenses.  Once they were through, they split up all over the city, so now we just have to chase them down.  But every time we fight them in battle, we beat them."
Nellan grunted as he lifted the Darvosh woman back up.  "It's just a matter of time.  They can't possibly last much longer."
They continued for another few blocks until Jasson spotted the Temple.  Like before, there were men lined up outside, but now there were also a pair of large wooden carts led by horses waiting in the street.  City guards were helping load the injured.  As they reached the Temple, Alona nearly wept for joy.
She walked beside Nellan so she could hold hands with the woman named Minsha.  She spoke softly to her, telling her it was going to be all right, and Minsha weakly smiled back, looking utterly exhausted.  
Jasson didn't have to be a genius to see how they looked at each other, the way Alona held Minsha's hand against her heart.  It was so strange seeing Alona again, and so much had happened in the past few years since he had seen her, that he could barely recall any clear memories of her now.  They had been children back then, really.  Jasson knew that he had changed since leaving Oakenfal behind, and it seemed that Alona had changed quite a bit herself.
Had he really left his family behind and joined the Grand Army just to follow her?  It seemed like a silly childhood dream now.  She was still incredibly beautiful, that had not changed.  But he realized with a distant sense of sadness that they were strangers now, the two of them.  It had only been five years, he thought in amazement.  But he knew almost nothing about her anymore.  And she seemed to barely remember him at all.
One of the carts pulled away, filled with wounded men.  The other was surrounded by people trying to get on, so they didn't bother with that one.  Jasson led them through the crowd to the front of the Temple, near the steps.
Aldus and Ralanna were still were he had left them.  Aldus was sitting upright, his back against the wall, his entire knee wrapped in heavy bandages.  He was awake at least, although he still looked pale and weak.  Ralanna looked up in surprise when he approached and quickly got to her feet.
"Jasson?  What are you doing back here?"
"Just dropping off some more people," Jasson said with a tired smile.  "Hey, Aldus.  You remember Alona, don't you?"
Aldus looked up but his eyes wouldn't focus.  "Oh, hey, Jasson."
"He's out of it right now," Ralanna said with a sigh.  "They gave him cider with some kind of drug in it to dull his pain."
Alona walked around to look at him.  "Aldus?  He's here too?"
"Who are you?" Ralanna asked her.
Jasson chuckled.  "It's a very long story.  I'll let Alona tell you about it."
Nellan knelt down to lay Minsha on the ground beside Aldus.  She sat with a painful groan and stretched out her leg, trying to stabilize her broken ankle.
Ralanna sighed again and wiped her face.  "Are you and Nellan going back out there?"
"Yeah, we are."
"How?  I mean ? Jasson, just stay here.  You must be exhausted.  You've done your part, you've done more than anyone could ask of you.  Just stay here and get some rest."
"Can't do that," he replied, simply shaking his head.
Nellan stood up and put his hands on his hips.  "The war isn't over yet.  And I'm not staying here when there are still men out there dying.  This is what we came to do, right?  I'm with Jasson, we're going to keep fighting them as long as we can."
Ralanna sighed and looked down at Aldus.  "I'll stay here with Aldus, then.  Just be careful, okay?  I don't want you to ..."
"We'll be okay.  I promise we'll be back."
Alona stood up and went over to him, moving cautiously, as if she wasn't sure of herself.  Even now in such a terrible situation, her eyes were simply magical.  They glimmered with emotion, relief and gratitude.
"Jasson?  Nellan?" she said.  "Before you go, I just wanted ? I mean, I want to say thank you to both of you.  For what you did.  In case I don't see you again soon, I want you to know.  You saved our lives and I'll never forget that."
She gave him a quick, friendly embrace, and then said, "I tried to remember back when I left the village.  I remember now that Aldus and Nellan joined the Grand Army.  But you didn't, at least I don't remember that."
"Like I said, it's a long story.  A lot has happened since last time we saw each other."
"Yes," she said.  "That's true."
Jasson nudged his chin toward Minsha.  "What about her?  She must be a close friend."
"No, I mean, yes," Alona said.  "She's my friend, but she's more than that.  It's a little bit complicated."
"I think I understand.  When I see you again, we'll probably have a lot to talk about.  A lot of catching up to do."
"Yes, we will."
Nellan gave Alona a hug as well.  "Don't worry about us, Alona.  Me and Jasson are going to be just fine.  We're professional soldiers now, remember?"
"I guess you are," she said.  "Good luck, and be careful."
With that, they were off once more.  Jasson turned to give Alona a friendly wave as he walked away, and she waved back before sitting down beside Minsha.
"Who would believe we'd find Alona like that?" Nellan said, shaking his head.  "I mean, in this whole huge city, we just run into each other?  It's just hard to believe."
"Maybe the Mother and Father really are watching out for us," Jasson said.  "It's the only explanation I can think of."
"You know, you're probably right," Nellan said with a laugh.
Truth be told, Jasson felt so tired he wondered how long he could keep it up.  Ever since the early morning, he'd been on his feet, running from place to place and fighting for his life.  His stomach growled with hunger and his mouth felt parched.  He wished he had gotten another drink.  But he still felt strong and able to fight, despite his weariness.  Meeting Alona again had given him a burst of energy, like a bright spot of good news in the middle of so much misery.
"Look, something's going on," Nellan said, increasing his pace.
A group of soldiers were standing around near the end of the street.  More of them shuffled in from the direction of the main battle, which was just a block over.  Little remained of the huge army that had fought there except for the hundreds of bodies scattered everywhere.  Most of them were from Tetharos, but there were enough Grand Army soldiers to give Jasson and Nellan pause, as their eyes swept over the bodies, hoping they would not see anyone they recognized.  
A few injured men were being led away or carried off, as other soldiers came in from every direction to take their place.  Each and every one of them looked tired and beaten down after so much fighting.  Some of them looked on with downcast eyes, taking slow breaths to calm down.  One man had a bandage wrapped around his head, but he didn't walk off with the other casualties.  As Jasson and Nellan got closer, they saw a familiar face in the center of the crowd.
"We need every available man who can still swing a sword," Dashelus said through clenched teeth, one arm hanging limply in a crude sling.  He held it close against his body, pointing with his other hand.  "Two blocks south, we set the defensive perimeter.  Another block that way, we have more barricades set up.  We pushed them back past the Akis Wall line again, but if we don't reinforce those soldiers, it's not going to hold."
"Who's in charge there now?" someone asked.
"General Larando is giving the orders," Dashelus said.  "Commander Renderly is there organizing the counter-attack.  Captain Broda is in charge of most of the remaining squads."
"What about the other parts of the city?  I heard the fighting at Wicker Street is all over now, is that true?"
Dashelus nodded.  "From what I understand, the enemy has been completely defeated in District Four.  The majority of the soldiers fighting over there will join us soon."
The men let out a cheer as the good news raised their spirits.  Everyone's mood lifted right away, and Jasson found himself almost excited to face the enemy again.  They really were going to defeat them, he thought.  He wondered if the fighting would be over by the end of the day.
Dashelus continued, "But we have to move fast.  Every minute we waste gives the enemy more time to organize their own remaining forces."
"Understood," the soldier replied.  He waved some of the other men over and they marched off to join the counter-attack force.
Jasson asked, "What about you, Sergeant?  Are you okay?"
He sighed and looked down at his wounded arm.  "I'm in no condition to join you, I'm afraid.  It's good to see you two, though.  It's nice to know some of the men from Bakk are still fighting."
"Who else is left, do you know?"
"Shianne is still fighting around here somewhere," he said.  "I saw a few others a little while ago, but most of us got scattered all over the place."
"Has there been any word from Commander Oskern?"
"None.  I assume he'll show up with the others when they get here."
A few more wounded soldiers slowly made their way up from the battle.  Nellan suddenly jerked his head up and shouted, "Jirtha!"
She was hurt, walking with a limp and holding her hand over her hip, which was one huge blood stain.  Her sword was sheathed and she had abandoned her shield at some point.  Blood soaked her pants and seeped through her fingers, and she nearly fell into Nellan's arms when he reached her.  Jasson ran over as well and they helped Jirtha over to the sidewalk to sit her down.
"I'm okay, I'm okay," she insisted.  "I'm just so tired.  I can't fight any more."
"You can rest now," Nellan said.  "We'll get you to see a doctor."
"I can make it," she said, shrugging him off.  "It's just a scratch, it's nothing serious.  I was just too tired to fight and one of them got lucky and grazed me."
"Are you sure you're okay?" he asked.
"Yes, I'll be fine."
Nellan looked at her in concern and then nodded.  "Okay, just keep going down that way and you'll find the Temple.  That's where all the wounded people are going.  Me and Jasson are joining with the others to keep fighting.  I'll see you soon, okay?"
"Yes, I'll see you afterward."
Nellan took a deep breath and walked off with Jasson to join up with the other soldiers who had already gone ahead of them.
"Nellan," Jirtha called as she got back to her feet.  "Come here for a second."
Nellan walked back over and Jirtha grabbed his arm suddenly to pull him towards her, planting an unexpected kiss on his lips.  It lasted just a second before he pulled away in surprise.  Jasson's jaw almost hit the ground.
"You be careful," Jirtha said, staring at him.  "Don't get yourself killed before we can spend time together like you were talking about."
"I won't get killed," Nellan said.  "Just get to the Temple and have them look at that cut.  If it gets infected, you'll be in more trouble than me.  I'll meet you there soon, I promise."
Jirtha let him go and he hurried back to where Jasson was waiting for him.  They walked together for a few moments until Jasson finally looked at Nellan and laughed.
"What?" Nellan asked innocently.  "Don't look at me like that.  You were the one who suggested I try to date her.  We were talking on the way to the city and I said maybe we should spend some time together."
"Well, it looks like you said the right thing.   I think she likes you.  Maybe you'll be the next one of us to get married."
"Sounds awfully scary to me," Nellan said.  "I think I'd rather fight the entire army from Tetharos all by myself."
They went a few more blocks and found about two hundred bloody and weary soldiers gathered behind some half-destroyed barricades.  Most of the neighborhood had burned during the barbarians' thrust northward, and some of the fires were still burning and smoldering, leaving stone walls and chimneys sticking up like huge charred bones.  The remaining barricades seemed pointless, given that anyone could try to sneak directly through the smoking ruins.
More soldiers were assembled down the street, another hundred or so.  Jasson expected to see more men.  Was this all they had left?  He had come to Samorath with a force of over a thousand, and the men here numbered less than half that.
"I know you're tired!" a soldier shouted, standing atop some crates to look out across the entire assembled group.  Jasson didn't know him, but he guessed it was the man named Captain Broda.  
"I know you're hungry!  I know you're hurting!  But we can't give up now!  They've tried to break us over and over, but we will not break!  They came here to destroy us, but the only destruction they'll see is their own!  Now get ready to win this war once and for all!  The fate of Samorath lies in your hands!"
The men cheered and banged their swords against their shields, raising up a frightening cacophony, making two-hundred men sound like a thousand.  They lined up in dense columns, ready to push through the barricades and take the fight to the barbarians.
Jasson drew his sword once more and took a deep breath, looking down at the blood-stained blade.  How many lives had he taken?  He never tried to keep count, but he must have killed thirty men so far.  The number staggered him.  Nellan had probably killed that many, if not more.  
How many barbarians had lost their lives so far?  Their dead must number in the tens of thousands, an incomprehensible number as far as he was concerned.  The Grand Army probably had thousands of casualties as well.  Seeing how few healthy soldiers truly remained to fight the barbarians made him realize just how many must have been killed and wounded so far.
Aldus and Jirtha were wounded, and Ralanna was with them.  Polus, Makul, and Shandus were dead and he hadn't seen Garben again.  Maybe he was dead too.  The other soldiers who had joined their squad were missing as well, probably dead.  Jasson and Nellan were the only ones left.
Jasson lowered his sword and looked around, as if he had just remembered something important.  There was a strange feeling in the air, like a subtle shift in the winds.  Everyone got quiet all of a sudden.  He could sense something, like a faint rumbling in the background.  It was like the ground was shaking under his feet, but it was not an earthquake, it was something else.  For a few peculiar moments, all of the soldiers looked around in bewilderment.
"Do you hear that?" Nellan asked, tilting his head.
A horse came running toward them, its hooves clacking loudly on the pavement.  A city guardsman rode on its back, waving frantically.  "Sir!" he shouted.  "Wait!  Reinforcements are coming!  They just arrived at the Old Gate!"
The Captain pushed his way through the line.  "Reinforcements?  From where?  The men from Thonelis aren't supposed to arrive for another-  Wait a minute, you said the Old Gate?"
"Not the Grand Army, sir," the guard said as he swung his leg off the horse, dismounting clumsily.  "They're from Darvosia!  They're Darvosian soldiers, sir!"
"The Darvosh?" the Captain sputtered incredulously.  "They actually sent soldiers to help us?  How many are there?"
"I don't know, sir.  Maybe a thousand."
"I don't believe it."
But a few moments later, they heard them coming.  An army of Darvosh soldiers marched hurriedly down the street, coming straight through the city in a rippling line of flapping green banners and stomping feet.  Jasson didn't know what to do, so he just stared at the line of dark-skinned Darvosh warriors, sporting green tunics with dark gray steel armor that flared out in artistic swirls, utterly unlike the simple Arvian armor.  They wielded longswords with curved tips, and their shields were oval-shaped with a long spike jutting from the center.  
The Grand Army soldiers backed away as the Darvosh came to a halt.  Their commander, marching in front, had an elaborate breastplate etched with gold trim, and his helmet sported a green plume on top.  His skin was so dark it was almost black.  He walked forward and pressed in hands together in a formal greeting, giving Captain Broda a short bow.
"You are the commander in charge here?" he said in a crisp voice.
"Yes, I'm Captain Broda."
"I am to report to you, then.  My name is Sarvan Lannosh Davaron of the First Rank.  Behind me is the Fourteenth Emperor's Legion.  We have come to help you defeat the enemies that have invaded your capital.  The Emperor himself has sent us to honor the treaty between our nations.  I can only offer my sincere apology that it has taken us so long to arrive."
Captain Broda stared at him open-mouthed for a few seconds, and then he cleared his throat and gave an awkward bow in return.  "We didn't know you were coming, but I have to admit that I'm glad you're here.  How many men are in this Emperor's Legion?"
"Nine-hundred warriors.  Six-hundred knights and three-hundred bowmen."
"Do they speak Arvian like you do?"
"I am afraid not.  Most of them do not know your language."
Captain Broda gave a little shrug.  "I guess that's okay.  Their orders are simple.  Just tell them to kill anyone with a blue tattoo on his face."
 Sarvan Lannosh Davaron smiled, revealing bright white teeth.  "I will give them the command with pleasure, Captain."
When the Grand Army breached the barricades and began their counter-attack a few minutes later, they did so with nine-hundred fresh Darvosh warriors at their back.  They charged down the ruined streets and met the Tetharosans in pitched battle in the middle of a devastated avenue surrounded by the wreckage of burned homes.  The two armies collided like an explosion of bodies, the sound of voices raised in defiance, the ring of metal on metal, the tremble of battle.
Jasson didn't know how long it lasted.  Bodies surged around him, fur-clad barbarians, dark-skinned knights, and his comrades in the Grand Army.  Once more, he was thrown into the mesmerizing haze of combat, the world around him swirling rapidly, until he was only able to see the opponent in front of him.  He fought and killed and kept going until he felt like he was going to collapse, his heart hammering in his chest, his head spinning.
By the time twilight fell on the city of Samorath, the Tetharosan invaders were all but completely annihilated.  The Grand Army and their Darvosh allies advanced all the way into the Seventh and Eighth Districts, with the last remnants of the Tetharosan army running away in a mad retreat.  
The war for Samorath was over.
Chapter Forty
Facing the Future Together

Three days later, Alona woke up to bright morning sunlight creeping in through the window shutters.  She squinted her eyes and raised her hand to block the light.  She could hear muffled voices out in the main room, so she yawned and decided to get up.
Minsha's arm was draped over her stomach, and when she tried to sit up, the movement woke her up as well.  Alona carefully pried her arm off and got out of bed.  Minsha mumbled something and rolled over onto her other side.
Alona crept over to the closet and opened it up to see what she could wear.  None of the clothes were hers, but thankfully she and Hanya were nearly the same size.  In the days since the end of the battle, Alona only returned home one time and had not gone inside to retrieve any of her possessions.  She and Minsha were staying with Davrey and Hanya for the time being, until they decided what they were going to do.  Alona pulled out a plain gray dress that looked like it would fit and pulled it over her head.
The funerals had taken place the day before.  All of the people they had lost were finally put to rest, although it didn't feel like there was any real sense of peace or closure with the act.  City guards and other civilian volunteers were tasked with the awful job of removing bodies and identifying the ones they could.  Alona refused to take part in identifying anyone.  She couldn't bear the thought of seeing the bodies.  In the end, Yalania and Minsha agreed to formally identify the bodies, and they were all burned in a pyre in the back yard.
Oalun and Jasamina.  Fostrus and all the other servants, Trina, Lennwin, Seskia, Bensoll, Pannarus.  Tomis and Serlain, whose bodies had never been recovered.  Their neighbors and friends.  They had lost almost everyone they knew.
And it was only the beginning.  It was going to take days and days for the authorities to find and burn all the bodies.  Thousands of corpses lay rotting near the harbor, the victims of the initial attack.  Not to mention the monumental task of removing the thousands of dead bodies of the nameless warriors from Tetharos.  There were too many to burn, and nowhere to put them all.  According to what she had overheard from Davrey, the Grand Army planned to load all the dead barbarians onto their own ships, to sail them out to sea and then sink the vessels, but she didn't know if that was a reasonable solution either.
Yalania was staying with one of her relatives.  When she met up with them again the morning after the battle, she was tearful and apologetic and begged their forgiveness for running away and abandoning them.  Truthfully, Alona didn't care very much.  If Yalania had stayed behind to help them, what would it have accomplished?  She couldn't blame Yalania for being afraid and trying to save herself.  So she forgave her and let the topic drop.  After all, she had enough things to regret and worry about without Yalania feeling guilty on top of everything else.
"It's time to get up," she whispered, rubbing Minsha's bare shoulder.
"Yes, I know.  Let me stay for a little longer."
"How is your ankle?"
"It does not hurt very much right now."
Minsha's ankle, it turned out, was not broken but badly sprained.  It was tightly wrapped in a bandage to keep it from moving, but she could not walk on it.  She sighed and rolled onto her back and looked up at Alona with a tired expression.
Alona tried to smile, but there was still not very much to smile about lately.  "If you like, I can bring you something to eat here in bed."
"I will get up," Minsha sighed.  "I slept poorly, that is all."
They had prayed to Union together the night before, but had not made love.  Their lives were slowly resuming some sense of normalcy after the trauma of losing their husband and so many of their friends, but it would take time for them to heal.  Even after praying with the hypnotizing effect of her prayer candles, neither of them had felt much passion, so they simply curled up together and tried to sleep.  Alona's own sleep was uninterrupted, and she was thankful that she remembered none of her dreams.
She leaned over the bed and gave Minsha a gentle kiss.  "I'll go talk with Hanya and see what we can do today.  I promised the soldiers from my village that I would see them before they return to their fort.  I hope you will come with me."
"Of course," Minsha said.  "You will have to help me walk."
"Gladly."
She left the bedroom and walked down the hall.  Out in the living room, Hanya was talking to someone.  "- so much to do.  They don't want to return to the house yet, and honestly, I don't blame them.  It's so horrible what they went through.  They were right there when ? well, you know what happened."
"Yes, I do," came a deep woman's voice.
Alona looked into the room and was so surprised to see Dosha's bodyguard Sheldara there that she didn't know what to say.  She hadn't seen Sheldara since Evalene's funeral, and didn't even know that she was in the city.  Sheldara was attired in her usual uniform of black leather, but she did not have her hood up, and even more unusual, she did not appear to be armed.  Her blonde mohawk was smoothed back and her hands were folded in her lap.  When she saw Alona, she got to her feet.
"Hello, Alona," she said.
"Sheldara, why are you here?"
"To give you my condolences.  I am grieved by what has happened."
Alona didn't know exactly how to respond.  The Darvosh had very different customs about death, and Sheldara was such a strange and mysterious individual, that Alona could only nod and thank her for saying so.  
Seeking to change the subject, she asked, "Minsha is in the bedroom.  She hurt her leg, so maybe you can help me get her out of bed?"
"Yes, I would be pleased to see her."
Minsha gasped in surprise when Sheldara came into the bedroom, her face lighting up, and they quickly embraced and spoke back and forth in their native Darvosh tongue.  The two of them had little in common other than their gender and homeland, but Minsha was always happy to speak her natural language with a familiar face.
"Have you returned to the city with Dosha?" Minsha asked.
"Dosha is still in Yaravasha.  I have come as a messenger to bring news back to him.  Unfortunately, that means I cannot stay very long."  She paused then, an uncertain look on her normally emotionless face.  "I told Oalun that I would see him again.  I am sorry that is not the case."
Minsha said, "His spirit was strong.  He will return to Union and be reborn."
"May Union bless his spirit.  Oalun was not a perfect man, but he lived a good life.  May his next life be even better."
"And Jasamina too," Alona added.  "May Union bless her and give her a better life."
Sheldara smiled sadly, holding her arms out to touch Minsha's cheek with one hand and Alona's cheek with the other.  "It is not fair that you have lost so much.  You two are such beautiful spirits, I wish you all the happiness in the world."
"When will we see you again?" Minsha asked.
"I do not know.  Dosha hopes to return to Samorath in a month's time, so perhaps I will join him then.  I have other responsibilities now.  Dosha hopes to send me all over Arvia to serve as his personal messenger."
Many of the people in Arvia had never met a person from Darvosia with their own eyes, so Alona could only imagine what it would be like for them to meet a woman like Sheldara for the first time.  But plans had been discussed for years to bring more people from Darvosia into Arvia, and vice versa, in the hopes of strengthening the ties between the two nations.  They were also fighting a common enemy now, and nothing could unite two different nations faster.
After Sheldara left, they ate breakfast and played with Hanya's infant daughter Milinda, who was just learning to walk.  Davrey was busy working in the Grand Palace, helping organize relief for the thousands of people who had lost their homes.  In addition to all the soldiers and civilians who had died during the week-long invasion, numerous civil servants and other politicians had lost their lives as well, and they needed to be replaced.  
It felt like the whole of the empire was in the process of rebuilding itself.  Samorath was not the only city to suffer under the Tetharosan invasion.  The city of Carthen on the western coast, Blue Harbor in southern Olnasis, and even the northern village of Bakk, where Jasson and his comrades were from, all were partially destroyed.  But the extent of the damage in Samorath dwarfed some of the other cities.
All of Harbortown had to be rebuilt in order to resume normal commerce, both merchant shipping as well as local fishing.  Already, construction was planned to replace all the homes and businesses lost during the invasion, but replacing entire neighborhoods would take months, if not years.  Replacing all the people who had died would take even longer.
Alona agreed to meet with Jasson and the others at midday.  Minsha was still interested in going with her, so together they sent for a carriage and walked outside to wait for it.  Minsha had to use a crutch, but after three days, she was getting better at it.  Regular carriage transport through the city was just starting to resume its normal schedule, but horses were in short supply, and they waited for most of an hour for it to arrive.
Grand Army soldiers from the surrounding regions were being housed all over the city, in whatever buildings could be appropriated for that purpose.  Inns, community homes, and warehouses were given over to the Grand Army until all the soldiers were able to leave the city.  Even the legion of Darvosh soldiers who had come to Arvia's aid still remained in the city.
Jasson and the others were staying in a damaged inn north of the Grand Palace, in the Second District, and he was waiting for them on the corner when the carriage arrived.  A group of soldiers were gathered around in the street, talking to some city guards.  Directly across the street from the inn was a warehouse destroyed by fire, and a handful of workers were sweeping up and cleaning debris.  Down the street, heavy carts were hauling away garbage and wreckage. 
Alona climbed down from the carriage and paid the driver.  Jasson quickly ran over to help Minsha with her crutch.  "I didn't know you were coming, too," he said with a grin.  "I thought you'd be resting your leg."
"I wanted to come," Minsha answered, hobbling up onto the sidewalk.  "If you are Alona's friends, then you are my friends too."
"We're up on the second floor.  I'll help you up the stairs."
They climbed the rickety staircase and went down the hall to an open balcony overlooking the street.  When they stepped back outside, Alona saw a handful of tables and chairs filled with soldiers talking and playing cards.  Some of them looked up to notice Alona and Minsha, but they quickly returned to what they were doing.
Nellan and the others were seated at a table by the railing.  When they came over, Nellan grabbed a few more chairs and helped Minsha into a seat, carefully propping her bandaged ankle up on another chair.  She laughed a little as he lifted her foot, and said, "Thank you.  You do not have to be so careful with me."
"I'm just making sure you don't get hurt again," Nellan chuckled.  "Otherwise I'll have to carry you around like before."
Seated at the table were Aldus and his girlfriend Ralanna, who Alona had met already.  There was also a tall, muscular woman with her chair leaning against the wall, a mug of cider in her hands.  She wasn't the prettiest woman Alona had ever seen, but when Nellan sat down beside her and patted her knee affectionately, she gave a warm grin that brought out the beauty in her face.  There was also a young man with shaggy hair that Alona didn't know.
"This is Jirtha and Garben," Jasson said, doing the introductions.  "You already met Ralanna the other day.  For those who don't know, Alona here grew up in the same village as me, Nellan, and Aldus.  This is her friend Minsha."
"It's nice to meet you both," Jirtha said.
"It's nice to meet all of you," Alona replied.
"Hey, Alona," Aldus said, giving her a slight wave.  "I know you were there with me after the battle, but to be honest, I don't remember much of what we talked about.  I don't know what was in that cider they gave me, but everything was a blur."
A blanket covered him from the waist down, and she knew the reason was because his leg was cut off above the knee.  The doctors could not repair his shattered knee, and amputation was the only way to limit the chances of infection or future injury.  Despite losing his leg, Aldus seemed otherwise in good spirits, laughing and smiling along with the others as they talked.  Perhaps he just felt lucky to be alive.
She knew that other members of their squad lost their lives during the battle, including Polus from their village.  They already attended the funerals for their dead comrades, just as Alona attended funerals of her own.  Today, at least, they could drink and joke around and try to celebrate and have a good time.
It was still so strange to see them again.  She remembered Jasson as being a friendly boy from the village, one of the many boys who probably hoped to marry her.  But her hazy memory of him barely matched the soldier that he had turned into.  The boy she knew in her youth didn't seem like he could possibly be the same person who had killed two barbarian warriors without a moment of hesitation right in front of her.  He was no longer a boy, he was a man and a soldier in the Grand Army.  She felt strange thinking that she could have changed so much in five years, but still expected everyone else she knew to have remained the same.  All of them were so different now.  Nellan had always been so shy and quiet, and Aldus had been such a joker, but war had changed them both as well.  They were all battle-hardened veterans.  
Alona learned that Horunus, who was a squad leader when she met him, was now a  recently-promoted Captain due to his successful leadership during the battle.  Commander Oskern, however, had not survived the battle.  She was also surprised to hear that Dashelus was in Samorath as well, recovering in one of the hospitals after being wounded.  She wondered if she could visit him.
Jasson stood by the balcony railing, sipping his drink.  Nellan and Aldus talked about what they were going to do when they returned to Bakk, while Ralanna and Jirtha talked to Minsha.  They focused on safe topics such as their lives and interests, for the moment refraining from talking about things they had witnessed in the battle.  Minsha gave a carefully-sanitized version of her background when asked, leaving out the details.  None of them had really talked at length with someone from Darvosia, so Minsha became the center of attention.
Alona gradually wandered away from the group as they all chatted with each other, joining Jasson by the railing as he looked out over the city.
"Aldus told me that you joined the Grand Army because of me," she said, sneaking up next to him.
Jasson laughed, but he wasn't embarrassed.  "I thought he would tell you about that.  Yeah, I guess I did join because I was chasing after you.  Seems ridiculous now that I look back on it.  You probably never noticed, but I convinced myself that I was in love with you.  It makes me wonder what might have happened if we'd both stayed there.  Do you think we would have gotten married?"
"Maybe," Alona said with a shrug, leaning against the railing.  "To be honest, I never thought much about marriage back then.  My parents hinted that it was time for me to find a husband, but I never wanted to.  Maybe that's the real reason I left."
Jasson nodded.  "I don't think you would have been very happy living there for the rest of your life.  Neither would I.  Maybe I really wanted to leave the village too, and I was just using you as my excuse.  I never really thought about it until now."
"I always knew I didn't belong there, but I never really understood why.  I knew I was different than everyone else.  It wasn't until I met Minsha that I began to understand."
"You two are lovers?"
"Yes.  It took me a very long time before I could admit my own feelings.  We lived together for years before we finally became lovers.  We were both married to the same man."
"I'm sorry," Jasson said.  "About your husband, I mean.  I wish I could have met him.  I'm sure he was a great person."
She tried to piece together her feelings.  In the days since his death, she'd been able to distance herself from it and think more clearly.  "Oalun was a good husband," she said carefully.  "He was kind to me and he took care of his family.  But I never loved him.  And the worst part is that he knew I didn't love him, and he accepted that.  Maybe that's the thing that always bothered me about him."
They stood in silence for a few moments, and then Jasson said, "Did Aldus tell you that I'm married too?"
"You are?  No, he didn't tell me."
"My wife's name is Kateesha," he said with a smile.  "We've been together for four years now.  And we're going to have a baby.  I found out she was pregnant right before we left for Samorath."
"Jasson, that's wonderful!" she exclaimed.  "Congratulations.  I'm happy for you."
"Thanks.  I'm kind of anxious to get back home to see her again."
"When do you leave?"
"We're heading out the day after tomorrow, unless there's a change of plans.  I'm worried they might try to keep us here another week.  I thought they'd send us back right after the fighting was over, but there's so much work to be done."
"Is the fighting really over, though?"
Jasson paused and then said, "No, it's not.  I heard some of the commanders already talking about recruiting new soldiers and sending them to Tetharos to fight them there.  I don't even know if that's a good idea or not."
"They wouldn't send you, would they?"
"I don't think so.  I mean, I certainly hope not."
"What will you do when you return home?  Do you think you'll get a promotion or anything like that?  Maybe you could become a General."
"I might become a squad leader.  I'm sure they'll bring in more new soldiers because we lost so many men, so I could take command of some new recruits.  I'll let Nellan become a General," he added with a chuckle.
"I bet you'll both be Generals someday."
"What about you, Alona?  What are you going to do now?  I mean, are you going to have to find a new place to live?"
Alona's smile faded a little and she gave a helpless shrug.  "To be honest, I have no idea what we're going to do.  I'm entitled to part of Oalun's estate, but I don't know how much.  I don't want to live in our old house anymore, but I don't know if I'll be able to live somewhere else.  I don't know how we'll make a living.  We don't really have any skills, we've never had real jobs before."
She sighed to herself and shook her head.  Yalania would find another husband, Alona was sure of that.  She would grieve for Oalun for the appropriate amount of time and then start meeting with suitors by the end of the year.  She would not remain unmarried for long.  But Alona could never marry again.  How could she marry another man when she was in a relationship with Minsha?  Unless she could somehow find a man willing to marry both of them, which was never going to happen.  Marrying again was simply out of the question.
What could she do?  Simply avoiding the problem would not last much longer, and they couldn't live with Davrey and Hanya forever, even if invited to.  They would have to find someplace to live and find a way to pay their expenses.  Could they live the rest of their lives with just the money from Oalun's estate?  She didn't think so.  Sooner or later, they would have to find a source of income.
"I don't know what we're going to do," she said.
"Will you stay in Samorath?"
"I suppose.  I haven't really thought about it.  I mean, there's nothing really keeping us here anymore.  We have a few friends, but ..."
"But what?"
"But, maybe we could move to a new city.  That might be exciting.  I've heard they're looking for people to move to Darvosia.  Maybe Minsha would like it if we moved to her homeland."
"You could come to Bakk with us."
"What?" she said, looking at him thoughtfully.  "Are you serious?"
"Sure, why not?" he said with a shrug.  "You might like it.  It's right on the ocean, we have beautiful beaches and lots of great people live there.  You could meet Kateesha."
Alona smiled, wondering if he was truly being serious.  Although the thought of moving away was strangely appealing.  "I'll have to talk it over with Minsha," she said.  "I don't know if she'd want to live so far away.  At least here in Samorath she meets with other Darvosh people once in awhile."
"Haven't you heard?  The Darvosh soldiers that came to Samorath are going to stay in Arvia.  Most of them are getting assigned to the most important forts, and Bakk is one of them.  Ten or twenty Darvosh warriors are coming with us."
"Really?"
"Yeah.  I guess King Karustra is determined to forge a really strong alliance, especially if Tetharos tries to attack us again.  They want a legion of Grand Army soldiers to live in Darvosia too."
"That's amazing."
"Anyway, give it some thought," Jasson suggested.  "You could always come visit, at least."
"We could certainly do that.  I'll talk to Minsha about it."
They walked back to the table as everyone laughed at one of Aldus' jokes.  Alona sat down next to Minsha and slid her arm around her.  Jasson brought some more drinks and they had a good time together, reconnecting and catching up with each others' lives.  Alona told them what it was like to meet the King, and Nellan jokingly told her about their training in Bakk under the tutelage of Captain Edrigo.  Jirtha shared some stories of her life before joining the Grand Army, and Minsha explained a little bit about her religion.
When Alona decided to leave Oakenfal and make the journey to Samorath, she never could have imagined that her life would turn out the way it had.  In a strange sort of way, the Grand Army separated them and then brought them all back together again.  She had not thought about her home village in years, but surrounded by the familiar faces of her childhood friends, she felt a warm sense of comfort that she hadn't felt in a long time.  She had always been a stranger in Samorath, ever since the day she arrived.  The only other person she could ever really talk to about her feelings was Minsha, who was even more of a stranger than she was.  But with Jasson and the others, she felt like they understood her, having lived with the same kind of experiences.
Maybe it was time for them to leave Samorath and find a place they could truly call home.  Considering Jasson's offer, she decided that she liked the idea.  She laughed at something Nellan said and gave Minsha's hand a squeeze.  Minsha hummed contentedly and leaned against her.  
It was the end of an era for the Grand Empire and the beginning of a new age.  They could all feel it in the air, the sense that the world was changing around them.  The looming threat of war with a distant nation beyond the sea, the start of a powerful new alliance with Darvosia, the mystery of what the future held.  And in their own lives, a sense of change and new beginnings.  Jasson was going to be a father.  Nellan and Jirtha were in a new relationship, the first for both of them.  Alona and Minsha lost their husband but were now free to do whatever they wanted.  
They were all turning a new chapter in their lives.  And despite the pain and loss they had all lived through, Alona felt happy in the knowledge that they were facing the future together.  
About the Author

Mike Kenny started posting short stories on a personal Geocities website in 1996.  In 2002, he graduated from Lycoming College with degrees in Creative Writing and Philosophy.  He continued to post fiction on his personal website until 2008, and later posted works on websites such as FictionPress.  The Flower and the Chain is his second novel.  He was born in Pennsylvania and currently lives in Wisconsin.
