
The Promise 

A Marrain Christmas Legend: 
Holidays with Anne, Volume 7



Anne B. Walsh 

Copyright 2018 




Table of Contents

Dedication 
Foreword 
The Promise 
Part One 
Part Two 
Part Three 
Part Four 
Epilogue 
Author’s Note 
Also by Anne B. Walsh 
About the Author 


Dedication

For everyone who has ever broken a promise. 
What matters is that you get back up, make it right, and travel on. 
 
Foreword

“The Promise” is not a Christmas carol. 
If you’re new to the writing of Anne B. Walsh (that’s me!), you may be wondering why I’d say that. What do Christmas carols have to do with anything? But if you’ve been around a while, you’ll know that for the last several years, in November or December, I have released a collection of short stories with Christmas and winter holiday themes, which share their titles with slightly lesser-known Christmas carols. This year’s title departs from that tradition. 
However, it keeps with the tradition in another way. While not a carol per se, “The Promise” is indeed a piece of Christmas music, a choral anthem written by Russell and Joel Nagy. You can learn more, or listen to a recording, on the website of Beckenhorst Press, the music publisher. Similarly, this year’s holiday offering is quite a bit different from the collections I have done to this point. Not only is it all one story, but it is by far the longest piece I have ever written for the holidays, coming in well over fifty thousand words. (To compare, most of my little collections in their entirety run thirty to thirty-five thousand!)
Weirdest of all, at the beginning of November, I had no idea this story was going to happen. I had, reluctantly, decided that a holiday gift for my readers would not be forthcoming this year, and turned my attention to my National Novel Writing Month project. However, halfway through the month… 
Well, why don’t I let you see for yourself. Check out the Author’s Note at the end if you want to know more, but for now, please enjoy my 2018 holiday story, “The Promise”. 

Anne B. Walsh
December 8, 2018
  

Silently by night, in mortal flesh enshrouded, 
He who framed the mountains draws first breath; 
Far from human sight, the promise ne’er forgotten 
Is in love begotten, to conquer death…

Joel Nagy, “The Promise”
 


  
Part One 

Jonathan Brinwald ducked under the low lintel of the hatch and mounted the ladder two rungs at a time, drawing a deep breath of the chill night air as he emerged onto the deck. The scents of salt and fish greeted him, immeasurably preferable to the stale odors of spilled gin and unwashed clothes which hung about the cabin he’d left behind.
“New night, same old story,” he murmured, crossing to lean on the rail of the small ship on which he and his half-brother had booked passage two days before, after wearing out their welcome in yet another land on their seemingly endless journey through the world. “Though one bottle’s better than two, I suppose. At least rationing it out makes the money last longer, and Nathaniel hasn’t started shouting at me that it’s his money and what right do I have to keep it from him…”
A soft cough from his left made Jonathan jump. “I beg your pardon, sir,” he said apologetically. “I didn’t mean to intrude.”
“On the contrary. I should have said something when you walked up.” The man turned to face Jonathan, drawing back the hood of his crimson overrobe far enough that his youthful features and the blue-tinted glasses he wore could be seen. “I apologize if I startled you.”
“Perfectly all right, Master Yuri.” Jonathan bowed slightly in acknowledgment of his fellow passenger, who’d introduced himself at embarkation as a scholar from the northern land of Tonadel, then turned back to gaze out across the water. “It’s a lovely night, isn’t it?” he asked absently, letting his eyes rove from the sea with its slight wavelets to the rich black of the sky above with its millions of twinkling lights. “I don’t mind cities during the daytime, but even palaces and churches aren’t as beautiful to my eye as the stars and all the tales they have to tell us.” 
“Are you a student of mythology and folktales, then?” Master Yuri leaned one elbow against the rail. “What attracts you about them? I’m simply curious,” he added when Jonathan glanced at him. “If you’d rather not answer, you don’t have to. But it’s always interested me, the reasons why we like what we like, and a passage onboard ship allows me to gratify that curiosity about people I might not otherwise meet.”
“I don’t know that there’s any real reason for it.” Gazing upwards, Jonathan picked out the two star-forms of the hero named the Brave Traveler, one a child and the other a man, standing on either side of the Princess of Wisdom, her hand upraised to cast her golden magic. “I suppose I appreciate how simple things are in stories. People are either good or bad, heroes or villains. You don’t have to guess, or wonder, or question. You just have to pick the right side and cheer for it. And even when the heroes’ plans go wrong at first, things always turn out all right in the end.” Absently, he raised a hand to rub at his right cheek. “Besides, in stories, everything happens for a reason. No one has stupid accidents that don’t mean anything.”
“Oh, you might be surprised.” Master Yuri chuckled under his breath. “How do you know the people in the stories didn’t have their share of stupid accidents, and the chroniclers simply didn’t bother writing them down? And don’t get me started on how creative most historians get with omens and foretellings and premonitions. Something as ordinary as a soldier tripping over a pebble can be turned into a sign from above, if the person recording the events tries hard enough.”
“I could see that.” Jonathan nodded thoughtfully. “If, say, you knew that the soldier who tripped over the pebble on the first day of the war would later be unable to carry out his orders because he’d injured himself by tripping and falling, and that would change the outcome of a major battle. Hindsight is always perfect, as they say.” He shrugged his shoulders. “Still, it’s disheartening sometimes how much our lives are governed either by random chance or by forces beyond our control. Heroes in stories at least have the chance to shape their own futures, and the rest of ours as well.”
“Don’t feel too envious.” Master Yuri smiled one-sidedly. “Shaping the future is a lot of pressure, and all the more so when you know everyone is watching you. Isn’t it simpler to live a quiet life, affecting only yourself and the people around you with your choices?”
“Maybe if everyone thought like that. But some people don’t.” Jonathan resisted the urge to look behind him at the hatch. “And as long as you have those who only think about what they want for themselves, who either don’t or can’t care what their choices do to the people around them—” He cut himself off, appalled by what he’d been about to say. “Please excuse me, sir,” he said stiffly. “I spoke out of turn.”
“You don’t have to apologize to me.” Master Yuri lowered his hood all the way, letting it rest on his shoulders. Even in the faint illumination from the stars and the one lantern hanging above the hatch, his untidy hair showed faint shades of its vivid red, almost as bright as the hue of his clothing. “Anyone could see what it is you go through with that young man. Your brother, is he? Or no,” he corrected himself before Jonathan could. “Half-brother. If you don’t mind a guess.”
“I can’t see how it could be a secret.” Jonathan gestured at his own clothing, sturdy and well-made but in no way fashionable. “The two of us, looking this much alike, but with one the master and one the servant. Not exactly a new story, or a surprising one. And I could have been much worse off. I never went cold or hungry, not as a child, not now, and Nathaniel doesn’t hate me or resent my existence. If you catch him in the right mood, he might even admit he likes me.” He smiled once. “The year we were seven, we decided to play a joke on everyone at Christmas. We spent the entire twelve days swapping places at will, taking turns being the heir and the pageboy. But it turned out the joke was on us. Not a single person noticed what we’d done.”
“Really?” Master Yuri raised an eyebrow. “So that must have been before you were hurt.” 
“Yes.” Jonathan massaged his right cheek again, feeling the familiar texture of scar tissue under his fingers. “That happened the next year. A fall onto some sharp rocks in a creek. I was lucky. My eyes weren’t injured, and my mother had enough herb knowledge to keep the cuts from turning sour. And why I’m babbling on at you like this, I don’t know,” he finished, shaking his head at his own garrulousness. “You can’t possibly be interested in the life story of a total stranger from a little country halfway around the world from here.”
“Ah, but I’m always interested in stories.” Master Yuri slipped his hands into the pockets of his robe. “Stories are my business. The ways they unfold, the ways they touch one another, the ways they can be changed.” His eyes, just visible through the tinted lenses, rested thoughtfully on Jonathan. “How would you change yours, if you had the power? If you could wave a wand, or wish on a star, and have whatever you wanted?”
“Oh, I don’t know.” Jonathan laughed a little, turning to gaze up at the sky once more. “Maybe swap places with Nathaniel, the way we used to do. I could use the rest, and he’d get a better idea what it’s like dealing with him all the time. Or maybe I’d find us a place we could settle down for a while. Possibly even forever. Travel’s all well and good, but we’ve been on the road for more than two years, and we’ve never stayed anywhere longer than a month. And, of course, if I could get him to…” He trailed off. “Well, some things even wishing can’t do. I’ve taken up enough of your time for one night, sir. Thank you for listening.”
“It was my pleasure.” Master Yuri glanced up at the stars. “If this wind holds fair, we should arrive in the realm of Olechna around midday tomorrow. A lot of different peoples live together there, which means the land as a whole celebrates many wintertime festivals and traditions.” He looked over his shoulder at Jonathan, smiling. “They’re just getting started now, but the season really reaches its peak with the twelve days between Midwinter and the new year. It might be worth finding a place to stay and sample the fun until then.”
“That’s good to know, sir.” Jonathan bowed. “Thank you.”
“Once again, my pleasure.” Master Yuri turned back to his study of the sky, and Jonathan descended the ladder once more, ducking through the doorway at the bottom with a silent sigh. Nathaniel lay sprawled on the lower bunk, exactly as Jonathan had left him, half-dressed and cuddling an empty bottle against him like a child’s toy. The light brown curls which were his and Jonathan’s shared inheritance from their father draped across his face, partially hiding the raised red scars which ran across his forehead and down his right cheek. One of the ship’s cats had slipped into the cabin at some point, and now blinked scornful yellow eyes at Jonathan from her place at Nathaniel’s feet.
“Some days I wish I hated you, brother,” Jonathan murmured, crossing the cabin with care. “Life would be so much simpler that way.” He snorted a quiet laugh. “Of course, if I hated you, I’d be long gone and you’d probably be dead in a ditch somewhere. Instead of which, here we are.” He drew a blanket up over Nathaniel, spooking the cat into flight, and deftly slid the bottle from his brother’s grasp, slipping it into a bag in the corner to keep company with its fellows. “Here we are, and not all the wishing in the world can change that.”
But if it could. Jonathan toed off his boots, set them on either side of the bag, and clambered up to the bunk above Nathaniel’s. If there were some way to make that dream a reality. To help Nate find the man he used to be, the man I can still glimpse in him sometimes, underneath all that anger and pain and the drink he uses to drown them…
“As if he’d accept any real help from me.” He leaned away from his bunk to open the glass slide and blow out the lantern. “When I’m the reason any of this happened to him in the first place.” 
Still, I suppose it’s the right time of year for miracles.
“Whoever’s listening,” he whispered into the darkness, settling himself under the bedcovers. “If you’re really out there. I’d be willing to do pretty much anything, short of mayhem or murder. However hard it is, I promise I’ll do it.” He closed his eyes and turned onto his side, envisioning the starry sky above, with a streak of light shooting across the heavens on which he could wish. “Just help me find the way to save my brother.” 
Passing by the crossroads between dreams and waking, he could have sworn he heard someone laugh quietly.
* * * * * 
By the time Nathaniel woke the next morning, Jonathan had most of the little cabin packed up, the water heated for his brother to wash and shave, and some plain biscuits along with a steaming mug of tea, which he knew from experience was the only breakfast Nate would be able to stomach. 
“We should be tying up at the dock in about an hour,” he said as Nathaniel rolled onto his side, his blue eyes bloodshot and bleary. “No reason we shouldn’t disembark here, instead of continuing on. I’m told this place takes its winter festivals seriously, so it may be worth securing a room for the whole month now. If we paid week by week, it might be sold out from under us.”
“If you think it’s best.” Nathaniel winced at even these few words, propping himself up on one elbow. “What did I do last night?”
“Nothing, really. No breakage and no noise complaints, so we should be fine.” Jonathan fixed a smile on his face, hoping the sinking feeling in his stomach wouldn’t be too obvious. This question had become a staple of mornings lately, when the Nathaniel he remembered from home had always bragged about having the hardest head in his circle of friends, being able to drink anyone under the table and still remember what he’d been doing the night before.
But he was usually drinking ale or cider when he was out gaming, or wine whenever his mother dragged him to a society party. Since we left Pasaka, it’s been the hardest stuff he can find, or I can find for him. At least if I do the buying, I can be sure he’s not being sold outright poison, and do my best to cut back on the quantities…
“Here,” he said, shutting off his internal monologue in favor of handing Nathaniel the tea, along with a couple of willow-bark tablets. “One good thing about traveling in this part of the world, they don’t look at you strangely when you ask how the tea was made.”
“And the leaves are fresher than they would be at home, because they don’t have to travel for months to get to us.” Nate smiled a little, cupping the tablets in his palm. “That’s just like you, Jon. Always finding the best in whatever’s happening.”
“Somebody has to.” Jonathan shrugged. “Once we get settled on shore, any thoughts for the day? Or should we just take it easy and have a look around?”
“All in favor of easy.” Nate popped the tablets into his mouth, grimaced at the bitterness, and swiftly washed them down with a sip of the tea. “You didn’t stuff a sock in my mouth last night by any chance? Even the willow made it taste better.”
Jonathan groaned. “You are never going to let that go, are you? It was one time, and we were both thirteen.”
“Let things go?” Nate grinned briefly, showing a flash of the charm that had once made him a welcome visitor in households much more elegant than his parents’ country manor. “If I did that, I wouldn’t be me. Which might not be much of a loss to anyone,” he added, his mood dropping off as rapidly as it had soared. “Don’t lie. You spend half your time wishing I was dead.”
“I spend all my time wishing you were well, which is not the same thing.” Jonathan looked away, unsure how to continue the conversation without escalating the tension further. “Look,” he said awkwardly. “Can we maybe not fight first thing in the morning, when you have a hangover and I have a headache? It’ll just get ugly.”
“Fits the people involved,” muttered Nate, but did not pursue the point, instead applying himself to his tea. Jonathan ignored the jibe, as he had ignored countless others over the last two years. If sniping at him kept Nathaniel from exercising his wit on the rest of the world, he could hardly complain. 
Besides, I’d sound like a fool complaining about a few harsh words from Nate, when it was my stupid meddling that destroyed his life and three others… 
The familiar, dark thoughts swirled around Jonathan in a cloud as he stepped out of the cabin into the corridor, staring blindly at the wall beyond. He’d made his confession as soon after the incident as he could manage, and had been assured by the priest that God would forgive him, but he’d never been able to find the way to forgive himself. 
Maybe premonitions and omens are made up in hindsight, but it certainly seems to fit in my case. He ran his fingers along his scars, smiling wryly. An ugly face on the outside, to hint at the twisted soul on the inside. I should have known better than to try to do something good—it was destined to go wrong before it ever began…
“Oy!” Nathaniel’s shout from within the cabin startled Jonathan out of his dark mood. “Would you get in here? I can’t shave with my hand like this, not if I don’t want to try some amateur bloodletting.” 
“Might improve your health,” Jonathan retorted, opening the cabin door to let himself back in. “Or did you forget what the doctor said, last time you deigned to see one?”
“Doctors are quacks, all of them.” Nathaniel rapped his biscuit on the table, encouraging any small and many-legged creatures within to make their way out. “If they’re so worried about the balance of humors, why don’t they ever prescribe something to make you blow your nose more, instead of bleeding you all the time?” 
“A good question.” Jonathan shrugged. “But I’m not a doctor, so I couldn’t tell you.” 
“Probably even a doctor couldn’t tell you. Because they’re quacks.” Satisfied that his breakfast was insect-free, Nathaniel took a bite. “I’ll tell you what helped make people healthy, back home,” he said with his mouth full. “Making sure the wells weren’t dug too close to the cesspools, and getting in a few of those newfangled crops from the western continents. And who was it came up with that?” He swallowed. “Not any fancy doctor. Just some friend of Mother’s who stayed with us for a week once, back when you and I were kids.” 
“I remember that.” Jonathan started to whisk up a lather with the shaving soap and some of the hot water. “She brought her daughter with her, too. Victoria, Vera, something like that. Pretty little thing. Shy, but you could get her to talk if you talked about stories or drawings. Or alchemy,” he recalled with a frown. “Odd thing for a girl to like, but there you are.”
“I remember the cloak she wore. The mother, not the daughter.” Nathaniel gestured over his shoulders. “I thought she must be royalty at first, because it was purple. Trimmed with fur, too. But I asked Mother later and she said her friend was only a Dame. Not even real nobility, just a knight’s wife.” He took another bite of biscuit. “Didn’t there used to be laws about who could wear what colors, and what furs, depending on what rank you were?”
Jonathan nodded. “Sumptuary laws. Some places may still have them, but Pasaka repealed them a hundred years ago or so. Which is a good thing for you,” he added with a sly glance towards the large trunk which contained a portion of Nathaniel’s wardrobe (his other trunk was stored in the ship’s hold below). “You’d have been getting thrown in jail every week.”
“Shut up and get on with it.” Nathaniel crammed the remainder of the biscuit into his mouth, chewed and swallowed, and followed it with a swig of tea before sitting back in his chair. “And if you cut me, I’m soaking all your stockings and hanging them out the window tonight.”
“One hundred lines on the blackboard, Master Brinwald, in your best handwriting,” murmured Jonathan, picking up the razor and honing its edge on the leather strop. “‘I must not be petty.’”
Nathaniel flicked an obscene gesture in Jonathan’s direction, then relaxed into a conscious stillness so that Jonathan could safely approach with the razor. 
* * * * *
Port cities, Jonathan had found, bore a certain similarity the world over, and he’d passed through enough of them in his two years of travel that Laefer, the royal capital of Olechna as well as its primary port, felt instantly familiar to him as he stepped off the ship. Nathaniel, behind him, pulled his hat lower to shade his eyes from the sun but made no comment about the condition of the docks or the prevailing smell. 
As bad as it is, it’s better than some. And given the amount of silver I passed out, we shouldn’t have to wait too long—
“Hoy!” came the shout from the ship’s deck, a sailor signaling for a hoist to be attached to one of Nathaniel’s trunks, which had been carried up from the hold. 
“You were busy this morning,” Nate muttered. “That’s the fastest anyone’s ever been with those.” 
“It’s a small ship, and it was a short journey, so nothing had a chance to get too lost.” Jonathan watched the trunk rise into the air and swing towards the docks, to be hauled in by a pair of burly longshoremen. “So Olechna. Not the biggest country around, but not tiny either. Got its own language, related to half a dozen others in this part of the world, but most people, especially in a port city this size, should speak at least one of the languages we do. Monarchy with a parliament, no official state religion, and a pretty far ways from home for us.” He glanced back at Nathaniel. “Did I miss anything?” 
“Why are you asking me?” Nate leaned back on one heel, his eyes roving across the scene. “I never paid attention to geography lessons. Didn’t see the point, when I thought I’d probably never go further from home than, say, London or Paris. Maybe Italy or Greece, if I wanted somewhere warm. You were the one who always had your nose in a book.” He glanced at two gaudily-dressed young women, standing together and giggling behind their hands. “Leah,” he said. 
“Leah?” Jonathan blinked at the non sequitur. “You have a lady friend here?” 
“No, you asked me if you missed anything in your rundown. That’s what you missed. Current monarch of Olechna is a reigning queen named Leah. Married to Prince Alexander or Alexis or something along those lines, from one of the other countries around here. Three kids, I think, but I could be wrong.” Nate winced as his second trunk thumped onto the docks with more force than strictly necessary. “I wish they wouldn’t do that.” 
“Why? Nothing in there is going to break.” Jonathan turned to scan the shore side of the docks. “Do you feel up to claiming those? I can go and get us a cab, and explain to the driver what I mean by a decent inn.” 
“I think I’m capable of that.” Nathaniel’s voice held a trace of rancor, but Jonathan chose not to hear it, instead threading his way through the dockside crowd until he found the nearest street with carriages drawn up at one side, their drivers standing by and talking together. The first one he approached, a broad-shouldered man wearing a turban, agreed to his terms readily, and offered to help haul the trunks after a glimpse of the coins Jonathan was idly turning in his palm. 
“We’ll also need a place to stay, and if your cousin or your brother-in-law runs it, that’s fine,” he told the driver as they returned along the path he’d taken. “So long as it has edible food, clean linens, and bathing either on-premises or nearby.” 
“My sister’s inn should fit all your needs nicely, good sir.” The driver grinned briefly, his teeth flashing white against his dark beard. “The Dizzy Mouse, it is called. The bathhouse was renovated just last year, and she keeps three laundry maids and two cooks busy all week long. More in this most joyful season, when we have many visitors to beautiful Laefer.” 
“If it’s everything you say, we’ll be happy to stay until the new year.” Jonathan let out a breath of quiet relief as he came back into sight of Nathaniel. His brother had, for once, chosen not to pursue his dark mood or antagonize everyone in sight, but was instead handing a coin to one of the longshoremen, and looked up with a cheery smile when Jonathan whistled his hello. 
“Shall we?” he said, indicating the trunks. “The sooner we move, the sooner we’re out of the way here.” 
A few moments later, the trunks had been transported to the carriage and were securely strapped to what had once been a footman’s perch. Nathaniel climbed up into the carriage, and Jonathan followed, keeping his sigh strictly internal as he noted the driver’s curious eyes. 
We don’t mean to confuse people. It just happens. Borrowing a bit of Nate’s high-handed manner gets things done for me when being a proper self-effacing servant might not, and Nate’s not above dirtying his hands if he’s tired of waiting for me to handle everything. Which means, if it weren’t bad enough that we look so much alike, now we act alike to a degree as well. He glanced down at his clothing, streaked with dust from the docks but otherwise still neat. And being so far from home, people might not even read the cues from how we’re dressed. For all I know, their queen sets a fashion for plain clothing and everyone I’d usually take for servants are actually the nobles! 
Imagining the effects of this on the society he’d left behind amused him sufficiently to keep him smiling until the carriage drew up inside the walled courtyard of a neat, two-story building made from whitewashed brick, a sign hanging above the entrance displaying a bright yellow rodent with its eyes crossed and tiny stylized birds surrounding its head. The smells of cooking food and clean laundry, with just a hint of the stables that stood to one side, hit Jonathan with a mild pang of homesickness, though he doubted his mother had ever heard of, much less tasted, the spices in use in this kitchen. 
“Home sweet home.” Nathaniel lifted his hat from where he’d tipped it down over his eyes and peered out the carriage window. “For now, anyway.” 
Before Jonathan could ask for clarification, a stout woman in a long and billowing dress emerged from the front door, exclaiming in delight and reaching up to embrace the carriage driver. “You never come to dinner anymore,” she scolded. “Is your wife so much a better cook than me?” 
Nate and Jonathan exchanged one horrified glance of male solidarity and exited the carriage immediately, catching the innkeeper’s attention. “Ah-ha, but you bring me guests,” she said to her brother with a smile. “You are forgiven. Boys!” she shouted over her shoulder. “Come and fetch the gentlemen’s trunks! Welcome to the Dizzy Mouse,” she said, sizing up the pair with a practiced glance and addressing herself (though not without a moment’s hesitation) to Nathaniel. “You will want a room, a good room to yourselves. I have two, both with a fireplace. One is larger but faces the stables, while the other faces the laundry. You will see both, then decide?” 
“You make things simple, madam.” Nathaniel bowed to her, giving her his most charming smile. “Yes, I will be pleased to see them both, though my preference is for the room facing the laundry. I hardly mind the smell of horse in the usual way of things, but it is rather penetrating when one is trying to sleep.” 
Jonathan stepped around to the back of the carriage to lend a hand with removing the trunks, and to pay the driver. “For your wife,” he said, adding a small extra coin to the agreed-upon total. “In case she needs a few extra spices for the next time your sister visits.” 
“You are a married man, sir?” The driver laughed when Jonathan shook his head. “Then all the women of the world are fools, for what do they always say? ‘Show me a man who understands me’, they ask, and here he is! Pay attention, boys,” he admonished his nephews, whom Jonathan estimated to be around fourteen and sixteen years old respectively. “If this man gives you advice, you listen to him.” 
“Yes, Uncle Hassim,” the boys chorused dutifully, rolling their eyes at each other when their uncle had turned away. 
“Something you may not know, sir.” Hassim paused as he was about to step back up to his seat. “Public hours are held at the palace here in lovely Laefer during this festive season, every day but Sunday. The great gathering rooms and the royal art collections may be viewed, light refreshments are served, and no one is turned away so long as they are clean and respectable. It is a fine place to see and be seen, and to learn more about our city and our land.” He chuckled. “And keep your eyes well opened while you are there, for our nobles or even our royalty will sometimes slip out to see if they can walk among our visitors unnoticed.” 
“Thank you for the tip.” Jonathan tossed one more copper coin into the air, and Hassim caught it handily. “I’ll see what my brother wants to do.” 
Nathaniel’s first trunk, he noted in passing as the carriage rumbled out of the courtyard, had already been carted inside, and the innkeeper’s sons were hurrying back out to fetch the second one, chattering away in a language he didn’t recognize, though the movements of their hands suggested they were discussing a sporting event of some sort. A girl of about twelve popped out of the stable door, carrying a flat-bottomed metal shovel and rake mounted on long poles, and hurried over to the gently steaming pile one of the carriage horses had left in his wake, saying something to her brothers as she passed them which made them both squawk indignantly. 
Ah, family. Jonathan strolled towards the inn’s front door behind the boys, so as not to get in their way. At least that’s one regret I don’t have. No lady friends left behind, no little surprises nine months later, none of that. He thrust his hands moodily into his pockets. Agnes was the closest I ever came to a sweetheart, and look how that turned out. Better if I just keep myself to myself, look after Nate, and don’t make any promises I can’t keep. 
“Which means,” he murmured aloud, stepping through the door and blinking against the sudden dimness of the interior, “that we will be leaving the princesses strictly alone, Master Brinwald.” He smiled once. “Though if a pretty palace maid wanted to show a little welcome to a stranger, I can’t say I’d mind.” 
Spying the stairs at the rear of the room, he took them two at a time, following the familiar tones of Nathaniel’s voice to the bedchamber overlooking the laundry, where Nate and the innkeeper were just shaking hands. The innkeeper dropped a curtsey and retired, her voice echoing down the hall as she called her sons to bring the gentleman’s trunks upstairs immediately, and Jonathan raised an eyebrow in question to Nate, who was smoothing his hair at the mirror mounted on the wall. 
“Hmm?” Nate turned to face his brother. “Oh, the room. I took it for a month, like you suggested. We get sweeping and dusting every day, and clean sheets every week. Privy’s downstairs, the little door near the stable exit. Basic meals are included, and one of the cooks is willing to make up special dishes so long as we ask in advance and pay for the ingredients. Hot water and towels are free for the bathhouse, but we provide our own soap.” 
“Which you’d do anyway.” Jonathan stood aside from the door to let the boys haul the first trunk inside. “So how are you feeling? Up to a little socializing, or would you prefer a nap? They hold public hours at the palace around here, and apparently anyone can go as long as they’re clean and respectable.” 
“Leaves us right out, or it ought to.” Nate shook his head. “I’d rather not, at least until I get my stomach better settled. But I shouldn’t need anything for a few hours if you’d like to go.” He looked Jonathan up and down. “Do everyone a favor and borrow something of mine to wear. Otherwise they’ll think you’ve turned up looking for work, not to gawk at the pretty art and the ugly girls.” 
“You say the nicest things.” Jonathan dug into his pocket for the ring on which he kept the keys to the trunks, as well as the smaller case within one of them which held Nate’s few valuable trinkets and their supply of money. “The blue suit should work. What color shirt, do you think?” 
* * * * *
“Good day, sir, and welcome to the Vakara Palace.” The middle-aged man in dark gray servant’s livery who stood by one of the three main doors bowed slightly to Jonathan as he stepped onto the landing at the top of the broad marble stairs. “May I have your name, please?”
“Brinwald. Or do you need the whole thing?”
“Mr. Brinwald will do, thank you, sir.” From behind him, the servant produced a small but surprisingly detailed globe of the world. “And if you would touch the land from which you come, please?”
Jonathan turned the globe with one careful hand, then laid a fingertip against a familiar arrangement of mountains and plains. A pleasant chime sounded, and the servant glanced down at the base of the globe. “Pasaka?” he asked, and Jonathan nodded. “Thank you, sir. Step through here, and refreshments will be to your left, while the open galleries are to the right. If you have questions, feel free to ask anyone in this livery for assistance.”
“I will. Thank you.” Jonathan entered as directed, musing on what he’d just seen. Magic was certainly known in Pasaka and its neighboring countries, but most of the nobility and gentry considered it little more than an entertainment for children and servants, or a novelty to be explored in one’s leisure time. 
Whereas in this part of the world, mages advertise their services alongside tailors and grocers, just about everywhere seems to be lit by magic, and the doorman at the royal palace has an enchanted globe to record the birthplaces of their visitors. He glanced over his shoulder. And I’m not about to assume he’s nothing but a doorman, either. Not when he knows the proper pronunciation of an obscure country halfway around the world, and he’s got bowstring calluses on his fingers and an armguard under his left sleeve. 
After accepting a cup of punch at the refreshment table, Jonathan proceeded to wander, amusing himself by noting how many of the liveried servants circulating about the public rooms carried hidden weapons or had oddly watchful eyes. It seemed like a wise enough precaution, if one were going to open up the official residence of one’s royal family to visitors from all corners of the world.
Especially if Hassim was right, and royals or nobility sometimes attend these affairs in disguise. All it takes is one unbalanced person with a dagger. He resisted the urge to touch the hilt of his own hand-length blade, resting against his hip and disguised by the fall of his suit jacket. Surprised they don’t check everyone for weapons when they walk in here, but with as wide a variety of people as they get, that might present a problem. Certain cultures consider a blade sacred, and would rather go naked than unarmed…
As he stepped into the first of the open art galleries, filled with a colorful variety of costumes from all corners of the world, a high-pitched titter caught his ear. Three young women in painfully overembellished gowns and tall, powdered wigs were giggling together in a corner, one of them pointing none too discreetly at him. Jonathan graced them with a faint bow, then turned his shoulder to them and began to wander with seeming aimlessness, gazing at the pictures on the walls. 
“—so hideous, I can’t believe it,” came the murmur he’d half-expected, right on cue, in the flowing speech of the high court of France. “You’d think he’d have the common courtesy to wear a mask.”
“You’d think he’d have the common courtesy to stay at home and keep from inflicting his horrid face on everyone,” another voice replied, and the titters rose again.
“But sisters, perhaps we should not speak so loud,” a third voice remonstrated timidly. “What if he overhears?”
“How ridiculous you are, Laurel. Where would a lout like that learn French?” The speaker sniffed in disdain. “Our father would never have allowed such a horror to survive to adulthood on his estates, and neither would any other proper nobleman. Likely this… thing comes from one of those tiny countries where they must have every possible set of hands to work, no matter how ugly, if they wish to survive.”
Jonathan loosened his grip on the cup between his fingers, which had been threatening to shatter with the pressure he’d put on it. He’d dealt with whispers like these for most of his life, but seldom had anyone been so open with their cruelty, whether or not they thought he could understand them.
Suddenly I’m glad Nate wasn’t feeling well enough to come. We’re already running low on money, and I doubt we could get a refund on the room if we were thrown out of the city for starting a brawl in the royal palace. He took a sip of the punch, finding some measure of distraction in its light, tangy citrus flavor, no particular fruit he recognized but a pleasant blending of several. It might be nice to walk over there and set them straight on whether or not I speak their language, and the difference between an ugly face and an ugly heart. But it would also lower me to their level, and I see no point in that.
“Oh, look over there!” exclaimed the second sister. “The girl with all the red hair. Did her nursemaid never tell her not to squint over her sewing, or her eyes would stick like that?”
“Nursemaid?” The first sister laughed scornfully. “You need your eyes checked yourself, Rose. That is clearly a servant girl. Likely her mother was too busy birthing other babies and scrubbing floors to tell her anything of the sort.”
As though he were changing the position from which he wished to survey the art hung on the walls, Jonathan turned to follow the sisters’ line of sight. The target of their current gibes was not difficult to find, as her hair gleamed like burnished copper in the sunlight streaming from the windows high overhead. Her gown was simply cut and a similar shade of silvery gray to the livery the servants wore, but she carried herself with a quiet assurance that hinted she might be something more.
And as for her eyes… He had to take another drink of his punch to keep his lips from twisting into a sneer. Have none of these girls noticed how many of the people around here come from places like Berudo and Anjing? But no, that would involve thought, and they don’t seem well acquainted with that particular function of the human condition.
“She’s coming this way,” hissed the third sister. “Kelsey, Rose, keep your voices down!”
“Name of God, Laurel, you are truly too foolish for words.” The first sister’s voice rang out clearly over the level of conversation in the gallery. “If you think one of the lower orders in such a backwards country as this could possibly have the capacity to learn our beautiful language—”
“Pardonnez-moi, monsieur,” said the gray-clad young woman, stopping in front of Jonathan with the slightest of smiles touching her lips. “Êtes-vous M. Brinwald de Pasaka?”
“You have the advantage of me, mademoiselle,” Jonathan replied in his best French, bowing to her. “But of course, it must always be so, when a lovely young lady addresses one such as I.”
“You are too kind, sir.” The young woman’s smile broadened, her eyes darting for one second to her right, where the three sisters in their overdone gowns looked rather as they might have if a dragon had suddenly appeared in the middle of the gallery. “I am Cecilia Vecher, personal attendant to Her Highness Princess Katsia. She saw your name on the list of our visitors today, and wondered if you might grant her the favor of a personal interview.”
“I am entirely at Her Highness’s disposal.” Jonathan finished the last of his punch, set the empty cup on the tray of a passing maidservant, and bowed to Cecilia once more. “Please, Miss Vecher, lead on. And may I just say,” he added in an undertone. “That was beautifully done.” 
“Petty of me, perhaps, but so satisfying.” Cecilia followed his linguistic lead flawlessly, her dark eyes twinkling as she beckoned to him. “If you would follow me, Mr. Brinwald?” 
A small door, expertly concealed in the wood paneling which lined the walls of the gallery, gave admittance to a slender staircase, which in turn led to a little room where a beautifully clad young lady sat studying a book, though she laid it aside and got to her feet as Cecilia opened the door. “Mr. Brinwald, madam,” the maid announced, and Jonathan bowed far more deeply than he had in the gallery.
“Your Highness,” he said, straightening. “I’m honored.”
“The honor is mine, sir.” The princess smiled warmly, inclining her head in response to Jonathan’s bow. He guessed she might be a few years his junior, perhaps twenty-two or thereabouts. She wore a long blue robe with wide sleeves and a broad sash woven in a shade of deep bronze, tied in an elegant bow at her back. Her dark, glossy hair was piled high on her head and held in place by lacquered wooden sticks, and her almond-shaped eyes, like Cecilia’s, hinted at recent Berudan ancestry. “Will you call for tea, Cecy? Please, Mr. Brinwald, be seated. We see no reason to stand on ceremony in private here in Olechna.”
“So I see.” Jonathan seated himself gingerly in one of the wood-framed chairs with their woven straw seats. “I must admit, this is hardly something I was expecting. I’m not sure what about me could possibly be of interest to a princess.”
“I always want to learn about other lands and other peoples.” The princess opened the book she had been reading and held it up so that Jonathan could see the colorful illustration of a harvest scene within. “The more I know, the better a queen I shall make, whether that is reigning here after my mother steps down or marrying the ruler of a country far away. But I must admit, I was moved to act when I saw the name of your homeland. Long ago, a lady of Pasaka traveling in these parts did a great kindness for a man very dear to my father, the man after whom I was named. So you can see why I might have an interest in learning about your part of the world.”
“Indeed I can, but I fear I may not be the best source of information for your purposes, madam.” Jonathan repressed the urge to fidget, although the princess’s earnest face was as far as could have been imagined from the stern features of the tutor who had once rapped his knuckles with a ruler if he squirmed in his chair. “I’ve lived quietly in the country for most of my life, so I can tell you only about very simple things.”
“And on what else than simple things does the life of any realm depend?” The princess spread her hands as Cecilia returned from the conversation she’d been having at the door and seated herself in the chair beside Jonathan’s without waiting for permission. “Rulers and nobles come and go. The heart of a land is its people and their ways. How they feed and clothe themselves, and mark the turning seasons of the year and the great events of their lives. How they rejoice together in glad times and comfort one another when sorrow comes calling.” 
Jonathan sat back in his chair, unsure whether he was more surprised by the substance of the princess’s words or by the music of her voice as she spoke. “Then perhaps I can tell you what you want to know,” he said slowly. “Though bear in mind, I only know the customs of my own part of the land. Things are often different over the next hill, never mind further down the road than that.”
“Whatever you can tell me, Mr. Brinwald, I will be glad to learn.” The princess rubbed her hands together in excitement. “Let us start with something I love very much. This time of the year. What holidays are celebrated in Pasaka, and when does it begin? Is it grand and public, with lights and feasts and laughter, or quiet and private, for each family to do as they wish?”
“Well, most people in Pasaka are Christian, so we celebrate the birth of Christ on the date chosen for it long ago, the twenty-fifth of December. Some Jews also live there, so they have their holiday of Hanukkah, celebrating eight days of light. And in certain places, people hold to the older traditions and keep the feast of Yule and the Midwinter solstice.” Jonathan sneaked a glance at Cecilia, who nodded encouragingly. “Many shops and public buildings will put up decorations in the month of December. Evergreen trees and wreaths are popular, with ribbons or tinsel to add shine and color. Sometimes candles are clipped to them, but that’s been discouraged over the years because of how easy it is to start a fire that way.”
“But why not use—ah, never mind.” The princess shook her head. “I forget, magic and mages are not nearly so common in that part of the world as they are here. We love our displays of lights here in Laefer, to illuminate our trees and make fanciful shapes in the air, but if we tried to do that with open flames instead of with magic…” She shuddered. “One mistake, one slip, and our beautiful city would look like something from my parents’ tales of battlefields. I want to see many things in my lifetime, Mr. Brinwald, but never that.”
“Is it common to exchange gifts?” Cecilia put in. “Or to exchange places? We have a great deal of fun here in Olechna with the Days of Misrule, where servants become masters and masters servants.” She raised an eyebrow at the princess. “Although some of us have more experience with that than others.”
“You’re only jealous because Cook says my bread is better than yours, though you have a lighter hand with pastry,” the princess retorted, then laughed at the expression on Jonathan’s face. “I beg your pardon, Mr. Brinwald. We should not talk in riddles. It is only that my father and mother met while fighting in a war, and so they wish me and my brother and sister to be strong and healthy and well-versed in everything that war entails. And a fine way to do that, or so they say, is to undertake some of the same work as our servants.” She grimaced, flexing her fingers. “I can do it, but I am sore all over for days afterwards. Which Father says only proves that I need more conditioning.”
“Servants’ work is certainly far from easy,” Jonathan agreed, smiling to himself at how fully he understood this particular truth. “And yes, we have that tradition in Pasaka, although some places observe it more than others. My own home honored the full twelve days of Misrule most of the time I was growing up. We also exchange gifts, first with our own families and friends on the day of Christmas itself, and then on the day afterwards the tradition is to give to those in need…”
The conversation roamed across subjects Jonathan knew a great deal about and subjects he’d barely heard of, ranging from tastes in popular literature and stories to the traditions of harvest festivals. The requested tea arrived at some point, with a plate of small cakes to accompany it, which sparked off yet another discussion about what foods were most common and best liked to eat at which times of the day.
None of which is anything I never thought I’d be discussing with foreign nobility, much less royalty! Jonathan sneaked a look at his other table companion, refilling her mistress’s cup while laughingly refuting the accusation of having the world’s worst sweet tooth. Or is it a member of royalty and a noble as well? ‘Personal attendant’ could mean anything from a chambermaid to a lady in waiting, but Cecilia’s education and poise seem more like the latter. So what if she dresses simply and runs errands for her mistress? That doesn’t mean anything, not in a kingdom where the princess bakes her own bread…
No sooner had he thought this than the princess glanced up at the clock on the mantelpiece across the room, and uttered an exclamation of annoyance. “My lesson! I will be late! Or no, I can just make it in time, but only if I go immediately. Mr. Brinwald, please, pardon me for running off like this. Thank you so much for your company, and for telling me all that you have. I feel as though I’ve journeyed through Pasaka myself, and seen your home with my own eyes.”
“It was my pleasure, Your Highness.” Jonathan got quickly to his feet as the princess gathered her robe in her hands and bolted across the room. “Thank you for your company. I can’t recall a more enjoyable time.”
“You are too kind.” The princess stopped at the door to drop him a brief curtsy. “Please, give Cecilia your direction while you are staying in the city. I will send you an invitation to one of the balls for our Midwinter celebrations. But now I really must fly!”
Her light footsteps hurtled away down the corridor, and Jonathan exhaled a long breath and sank back into his chair. “Does she make everyone feel as though they’ve encountered a small, friendly cyclone?” he inquired of Cecilia.
“Only when she’s being herself.” Cecilia waggled the teapot at him, and refilled his cup when he nodded, then began to tidy the rest of the tea things back onto their tray. “In proper princess mode, she’s more like a blizzard. But I must say, you handled that well. She likes it best  when someone sees past her outward appearance and speaks to her just as one person to another.” 
“That was the impression I got.” Jonathan exhaled slowly, running his fingers across his cheek. “Strange, how people from such different walks of life can want the same thing.” 
We could be happy here. 
The thought slipped unbidden into his mind, but once it was there Jonathan couldn’t refute it, choosing instead to sit back and cradle his teacup between his hands while Cecilia cleared the table. It can’t all be like this, I’m sure. There will be people who are rude and arrogant and cruel, just like there are everywhere. But the rulers of a land set its tone in many ways, and with a princess who’s been raised to share and value the work of her servants, Nate and I might just be able to find some little corner of Olechna where people wouldn’t look too oddly at us for being betwixt and between as we are… 
Cecilia withdrew a small coin from the pouch at her waist and held it out to him. “Copper for your thoughts, Mr. Brinwald.” 
“They’re not worth even that much, I’m afraid, Miss Vecher.” Jonathan shook his head. “Just considering myself and my brother, and what a strange pair we make.” 
“Another Mr. Brinwald? How confusing.” Cecilia balanced the coin on its edge on the tabletop, then spun it. “How shall I address the princess’s invitation, to be sure it comes to you and not to him? Though it would hardly be polite to invite one of you and not the other,” she added. “Still, I should be sure to give my note the proper direction, and include him in its contents.” 
“Nothing simpler. My name is Jonathan.” 
“And his is not.” Cecilia smiled, inviting him to share the joke, and Jonathan couldn’t help but return the expression. “Where might you be staying, Mr. Jonathan Brinwald?” 
“At the sign of the Dizzy Mouse.” Jonathan chuckled at Cecilia’s surprised blink. “Yes, that was about how I reacted myself. There’s probably a reason behind the name, but I’m afraid to ask what it is.”  
“As am I.” Cecilia shook her head. “Just when I thought I knew everything about this city. So what is it the Brinwald brothers do with themselves, or are you gentlemen of leisure?” 
“At the moment, we’re simply travelers. But that could change, if we find a place we both enjoy.” Jonathan took another drink of his tea, considering this more deeply.
We’d have to find some way to support ourselves, if we did settle down. That letter of credit we’ve been using to this point is starting to wear a little thin. He hid his scowl behind the rim of his teacup. I’m pretty sure what Nate’s parents expected to happen when they packed us out of the country so hurriedly, and it’s been my distinct pleasure to keep those expectations from becoming reality. But brooding over that won’t get us any further along. 
“My brother has quite a way with animals, and knows a lot about them,” he said aloud, turning his thoughts with relief to the unforced smile he only saw from Nate any longer when horses, dogs, or other furry creatures were involved. “And we’ve both had what you could call a general education. Reading and writing, languages, basic mathematics. Table manners,” he added with a smile of his own. “Nothing terribly fancy, but I don’t think I offended Her Highness too awfully.” 
“On the contrary, she enjoyed your company very much. Otherwise she would never have told me to invite you again.” Cecilia seated herself at the table once more. “I assume neither of you has any aptitude for magic?” 
“If we do, we certainly don’t know about it.” Jonathan shook his head. “How would you find out something like that anyway? Do you just spontaneously catch things on fire as a child, or fling your toys across the room without benefit of hands?” 
“More the second than the first, but yes, as it happens.” Cecilia extended her hand over the tea tray, and a spoon lifted itself from one of the saucers and floated upwards to touch her palm without fuss or fanfare. “Nothing up my sleeve,” she said with a laugh, pulling back that portion of her clothing to reveal a slender, and very pretty, arm. “And nothing on the spoon, either.” 
“So I see.” Jonathan accepted the spoon as she held it out to him and ran his fingers along it, finding only a little residual dampness in its bowl, no hooks onto which strings could be tied or unusually heavy spots which could have concealed lodestones. “You’re a mage, then.” 
“Among other things.” Cecilia nodded. “Magic often runs in families, like talent for art or music, or a certain color of hair.” She twisted one of her own coppery locks around a finger. “My father was quite a strong battle mage in his time, and my mother is one of the palace healers, so I have my power from both sides of the family. What do you have from your parents? Or did they question sometimes if you were a changeling, because you were so different?” 
“Different, yes, but not entirely so.” Jonathan let his mother’s face float into his mind, the memory hazy after so many years but still dearly treasured. “My mother was an herb-healer, which meant she had to pay close attention to every little detail of her work. That much I inherited from her, even if I do kill every plant I touch. She also made sure I learned to cook and do some basic cleaning, which has been handy over the years. As for my father…” He shrugged. “Like you were saying, the color of my hair. A bit of his temper, though I try to keep it under control. Nate got more of that. Or Nathaniel, I should say. No one calls him Nate any more except me.” 
“I understand that.” Cecilia smiled. “I may not have blood siblings of my own, but all the children of the palace used to play together, nobles and servants alike. Even as we grew up, we’ve remained friendly.” Her smile turned wicked and rueful in equal measure. “Mainly because we know the most embarrassing stories about one another, and we need to make sure everyone stays quiet about them. If you lived in a small village, I’m sure you understand.” 
“Very well, indeed.” Jonathan picked up the copper Cecilia had left on the table. “My father was the local landowner, but Nate and I still grew up playing with some of the local children. We’d have been awfully lonely otherwise.”
Which is true in its wording, but deceptive in what it implies… 
Rather than think about his unstated lie, and the consequences it might bring once this enchanted time was over, Jonathan looked at the portrait stamped into the metal of the coin in his hand. “So this is your queen?” he asked, his eyes tracing the clear-eyed profile of a young woman with a strong nose and determined chin, the crown on her head worked in a pattern which suggested scale mail to his eyes. 
“Yes, that’s Her Majesty, God bless her.” Cecilia kissed her fingertip and laid it against the coin’s portrait. “Of course, this image was made quite a long time ago, before you or I were ever born. Nowadays this looks more like our younger princess, Grace. Or perhaps Crown Prince Robin. Both of them inherited more of their looks from their mother.” 
“And Princess Katsia looks like her father.” Jonathan nodded. “Is he Berudan, then?” 
“By birth, yes, though Prince Alexei is also half-Tonadellan, and favors that a bit more in his own looks. But let me tell you.” Cecilia laughed. “I’ve seen drawings of his mother, and Katsia looks so much like that lady it’s frightening. A shame she didn’t live to see her granddaughters, but not entirely surprising, all things considered.” 
About to ask why this might be, Jonathan jumped as the clock on the mantelpiece began to chime. “Good God,” he said in surprise, staring at the position of its hands. “No wonder Her Highness had to hurry away. We’ve been here for hours.” 
“And enjoyed every minute of it, at least I have. But I should let you get back to your brother. By now he’ll likely be wondering if you were waylaid in the streets.” Cecilia got to her feet. “Would you mind if I walked with you, part of the way to the Dizzy Mouse?” She giggled at the name. “I’ve lived in Laefer all my life, but I’m always finding new parts of it to learn about.” 
 “I have no objection, so long as it won’t cause you any trouble.” Jonathan rose as well and pushed in his chair. “And so long as you’ll be able to get back here safely. It must be nearly dark.” 
“Don’t worry about me.” Cecilia snapped her fingers, and tiny bolts of lightning danced up and down her arms briefly. “Any robber who thinks to grab me will get quite a… shock.” 
Jonathan groaned. “Puns,” he said, draining his teacup and setting it on the tray. “Why did it have to be puns?” 
“Would you have preferred to talk with someone dull, without so much as a spark in her eye?” Cecilia grinned broadly at Jonathan’s second groan. “Or did I perhaps blunder with my thunder?” 
“Now I see why everyone needs to know embarrassing stories about you.” Jonathan opened the door and gestured Cecilia through. “It’s the only way to make you stop this.” 
“She’ll stop when she gets tired of it,” said the man leaning against the wall in the corridor outside. “How are you, Cecy?” 
“Oh, goodness. Not you again.” Cecilia folded her arms across her chest and glared exaggeratedly at the newcomer. “I thought Uncle told the guards not to let you in here anymore.” Then her stern face cracked, and she curtsied with a smile. “How do you do, Master Yuri?” 
“Well, thank you.” Master Yuri dipped her a shallow bow. The lenses of his glasses were tinted golden-yellow this evening, but he still wore his red robe. “And you, Mr. Brinwald,” he said, repeating the bow in Jonathan’s direction. “I thought Olechna might suit you, and I see I was right. Your brother fares well, I trust?” 
“He, er, yes. When I last saw him, I mean.” Jonathan dragged his scattering thoughts back under control. “He’s back at the inn, or I hope he is. I rather lost track of time.” Don’t say anything to her, he pleaded silently. She’ll have to know eventually who I am, what I am, that I’m not truly worthy of her notice, but I’d hoped to keep the illusion going for just a little while longer… 
The slightest of smiles touched Master Yuri’s lips, and he dropped one eyelid in a wink so swift Jonathan wasn’t sure he’d seen anything at all. “The late hour might mean he’s gone out to seek some amusement, but I doubt he’s up to anything terrible tonight,” he said. “Though I might advise keeping a close eye on him from now on. Questionable company is seldom hard to find in a city this size, and I don’t like some of the directions the wind is blowing.” This latter clause was directed towards Cecilia as well as Jonathan. “Stay alert, and remind your aunt and uncle of the same.” 
“Tell them yourself.” Cecilia waved a hand towards the central portion of the palace. “You know where to find them at this hour, or you should. Unless you’re afraid of facing them in the ring again?” she added with an impish grin. 
“Demons below and gods above, Cecy.” Master Yuri looked pained, tugging at the sleeve of his robe. “Do you have any idea how difficult it is to get bloodstains out of this type of fabric?” 
“Salt.” Jonathan had expected the word to come out in a half-audible croak, given how hard he was working not to laugh, but to his gratification it sounded tolerably normal. “Scrub it with salt, and make sure you use cold water. Hot will only set the stain.” 
“So noted. Thank you, Mr. Brinwald, and a pleasant evening to you.” Master Yuri bowed in thanks, then murmured a few words to Cecilia in a language Jonathan didn’t know, but which made her flush nearly as red as his robe, before setting off down the hall. 
“He seems very much at home here.” Jonathan offered Cecilia his arm, and felt a slight tingle of pleasure when she took it without hesitation. “Have you known him long?” 
“Only all my life.” Cecilia sighed as though greatly put-upon, but she was smiling fondly through it. “He fought in the war alongside Father and Uncle, and Her Majesty and the rest of them.” 
“Did he really?” Jonathan frowned, nonplussed. “How strange. Even if he was only a teenager then, he’d be well past forty now, but he doesn’t look much older than I am.” 
“Some people reach a certain point and then never seem to age again, not until they grow truly old.” Cecilia shrugged her shoulders. “The last king and queen of Berudo were like that, and Father says it used to cause the most terrible confusion. Someone was always mistaking the queen for one of her daughters, or the king for his nephew or a warrior of his guard.” Laughter bubbled up under her words. “I’ve even seen a travelogue which claimed that the only two possible explanations for the Berudan royal family were stealing years of other people’s lives by dark magic or the outright manipulation of time!” 
“Good God in heaven.” Jonathan shook his head in wonder. “People are determined to complicate everything, aren’t they?” 
“Usually it has to do with wanting not to be wrong.” Cecilia opened the small door at the bottom of the stairs and peered around it, then nodded in satisfaction. “Good. Everyone’s cleared out, so we can leave quietly. But just think of those poor women we saw earlier,” she added, shutting the door behind Jonathan. “They’re so frightened of discovering any fault in themselves that they have to seek out every fault in the people around them and mock at it mercilessly. What an empty life that would be, if the only enjoyment you could find was spiteful nitpicking at the appearance of others.”
“If I may judge by their own appearance, they’ve been used to the royal court of France, which ought to have spiteful nitpicking listed as its official pastime.” Jonathan took one more look around the art gallery. “Not that I’ve ever been there, but I’ve read about it, and heard about it once or twice from some of… some gentlemen I knew,” he finished, silently cursing his stumble. “They said it was vastly elegant to look at, but deeply unpleasant to take part in, unless you had a great deal of money, a great deal of power, or the favor of the King.”
“And what of the court in your own land? Or perhaps you never went there either, since you said you lived quietly.” Cecilia matched her steps to his with ease, despite the disparity in their heights. “Still, you must know a little about your royal family. Do you have a ruling king, or a queen as we do here?”
“King Alexander rules in Pasaka now, and has as long as I can remember. When he dies, or steps down, the throne will pass to his older son, Prince Matthew. Prince Eugene is the younger son, and a bit wild, as younger sons sometimes will be. There was talk a few years back that he was going to be married, but it fell through at the last second.” Jonathan glanced away, unsure of how much he should share of the scandals of his homeland. “Some people claimed the lady involved cried off, while others gave it a darker turn. Involving the river, if you understand me.”
“All too well.” Cecilia sighed. “Poor girl, if it’s true. But I can hope it’s not, and that she’s living a happy life somewhere. Is the older prince married? If not, I’m sure his parents will be looking around for a suitable bride, especially if his father plans to pass the throne along soon. The succession must be secured, after all.”
“He wasn’t, when last I heard, but I haven’t been keeping the closest track of news from Pasaka.” Jonathan shrugged. “It seemed more important to stay abreast of matters in the lands where we actually were, rather than worrying myself about a place I may never see again.”
“And does that trouble you?” Cecilia nodded to a uniformed peacekeeper, standing on a well-lit street corner, as they passed him. “Being so far from your home, and not knowing when or if you’ll ever go back?”
“It did, at first. Very much so.” Jonathan almost stopped walking in surprise at the sound of his own words, as he’d intended to turn this question off lightly. Cecilia’s quiet way of listening seemed to be lowering his barriers. “But I’ve adapted, learned to take things a bit at a time and find what comfort I can, wherever I happen to be. Someday we’ll find a place to settle down, or at least I hope we will. Until then, I take care of Nate, and manage our affairs. Which is quite a job, let me tell you.”
“Is he the younger brother, then, if you’re the one in charge?” No sooner had Cecilia spoken than she flushed, visible even in the dimness of the space between streetlights. “I’m sorry. How terribly prying you must think me, to be asking all these questions.”
“Not at all.” Jonathan swallowed once, glad that the same dim light would hide the movement. He’d had his few moments of companionship, and now the time had come to pay the price. “I wish it were that simple, but I’m actually the younger one. By twenty-five days, if you want to be exact.”
“I see,” said Cecilia after a moment, her voice carefully neutral. “So in that case—”
“Oh-ho!” bellowed a rasping voice from a corner ahead, where three figures had just staggered into view, supporting one another along their wandering way. “I spy with my little eye a fine and toothsome wench!”
“She’s a pretty one, she is,” a second, squeakier voice chimed in. “Come and give us a kiss, little darling!” 
“Yes, kisses for all!” The third voice was the one Jonathan had been half-expecting, half-dreading to hear. “Show some affection, my precious sweetheart, or I swear to you I shall cry!”
“What a clever fellow you are, Brinwald.” The first speaker’s voice rang out with perfect clarity, pitilessly enunciating the surname so that there could be no doubt about it. “Getting all those fine words out in the proper order. Quite a feat.”
“Yes, quite a feat,” agreed the second speaker enthusiastically. “Quite, ‘specially after… how much rum did we get through? One bottle? Or one apiece? S’pose it makes no difference, really.”
All three of the drunken gentlemen burst into loud guffaws, as though this quip were the funniest thing ever said. Jonathan gritted his teeth against a surge of fury and disgust, then removed Cecilia’s hand gently from his arm. “I apologize for this,” he said without turning his head. “I never should have brought you here.”
“I came of my own accord. No blame attaches to you.” The words were formal, but the gentle understanding in Cecilia’s tone struck Jonathan to the heart. “Do you need help with anything?”
“No. I can handle him.” Against his better judgment, Jonathan turned to look at Cecilia. “Thank you for a very pleasant afternoon, Miss Vecher,” he said, as the laughter from up the street continued. “Please give my regards to your mistress, and be assured of them for yourself.”
“I shall, and thank you.” Cecilia dropped a small curtsy, her eyes fixed demurely on the pavement. “Take care of yourself, Mr. Brinwald.” Her gaze darted up to his face. “Jonathan.”
Then she was gone, melting into the shadows as though she had never been there, and Jonathan turned away with a muttered curse and strode towards his brother. “What have you been doing?” he asked, grasping Nathaniel by the arm. “No, never mind answering that. I can already tell.”
“Jon?” Nathaniel peered blearily at him. “Is that you? Want you to meet my friends, Mr.… Mr… well, never mind that. Names don’t matter. What matters is good company, and we’ve had that.”
“You’ve had an excess of that.” Jonathan swung around, ready to confront the other two men, but like Cecilia they had vanished into the darkness. “Nate, we’ve talked about this,” he said urgently, turning back to his brother. “Sooner or later some of this ‘good company’ of yours is going to turn bad.”
“Well, and what if it does? What do you have to say about it?” Nate pulled his arm out of Jonathan’s grasp, his voice growing loud and indignant. “Nothing, or that’s what you ought to say, little brother. Little bastard brother.” He laughed again, pointing a finger at Jonathan. “Hear that? It’s funny, because it’s true. You are, and I’m not. Which means I’m the master, and I’ll do what I please.”
“I’ve never denied that, Nate.” Jonathan resisted the urge to run a weary hand across his face. “Not any of it. Would you please just come back to the inn with me? It’s late, and you’re tired.”
“Not tired.” Nate drew himself up indignantly, which would have been more impressive if he hadn’t been swaying back and forth on his feet. “Night’s still young. Where is everybody? It’s quiet. Too quiet.” He glanced about, as though for inspiration, then laughed once and scooped something up from the ground. “Here, this should help. Just have to—”
“Nate, no!” Jonathan lunged forward, but he was too late. Nathaniel had already flung the rock towards one of the upper windows in a nearby building. Helplessly Jonathan followed its trajectory with his eyes, bracing himself for the brilliant sound of shattered glass—
A soft thump sounded instead, and Nathaniel frowned in puzzlement. “What happened to the crash?” he demanded petulantly, staring at the rock where it lay on the ground. “Should have been a nice loud crash. Bring everyone out. Then we can have some fun.”
“I think the crash happened over at the inn.” Jonathan wove a coaxing tone into his voice, something he’d had far more practice doing than he would have liked. “Why don’t we walk back there and see? It’s not far now, just a couple streets away.”
“If you say so.” Nate eyed his brother suspiciously, as though trying to figure out where the trick lay, but accepted Jonathan’s arm around his shoulders. “You’re a good fellow, Jon. A good brother. Even if you are—” He clapped a hand over his mouth, giggling inanely. “Whoops,” he said around his fingers. “Have to watch my language in front of a lady.” Taking his hand away, he waved it above his head, as though hailing someone far away. “Hello, lady! You say hello too,” he added in a loud whisper to Jonathan. “Mustn’t ignore ladies. They don’t like that.”
“You’re quite right. They don’t.” Jonathan turned to follow his brother’s line of sight and raised his own hand in a brief wave. “Thank you, lady,” he called, pitching his voice to carry only so far as the end of the street.
 “But my rock.” Nathaniel pouted like a spoiled child, kicking at the ground with the toe of his boot. “What happened to my rock? Shouldn’t have bounced like that, not off the glass. Not natural.” 
“We’ll talk about it in the morning.” Jonathan tugged his brother gently into motion, drawing him past the rock as quickly as it could be done. “Come on, let’s get you to bed. The lady won’t like it if we stay out until all hours carousing.”
Since the lady, unless I miss my guess, was the one who cast a shield over that window. He resisted the urge to look in the direction Cecilia had surely gone. Kind of her, to make sure we won’t get in more trouble than we have to…
At this point, Nate took it into his head to sing, and Jonathan had his hands full keeping his brother’s voice down until they finally turned into the courtyard of the inn. By then, Nathaniel had been reduced to incoherent mumblings, and Jonathan guided him up the stairs, pried off his boots, and gently toppled him over into the bed.
And that, as they say, is that. He sat down on the edge of his own bed to begin undressing, with Nathaniel’s snores as accompaniment. I had my one afternoon, a bit of stolen time, and very pleasant it was, but we have to face facts. The natural son of a gentleman, banished from his homeland with his drunken brother on his hands, is no fit friend for the attendant of a princess. A bit of flirtation, a touch of magic, and then the parting of the ways.   
That’s simply how things are, and how they have to be. 
* * * * *
Sleep came late to Jonathan that night, and his dreams were fitful and perturbed, but he managed to wake early enough that he could finish a mug of tea in the kitchen before Nathaniel began stirring. “It lives,” he said cheerfully when Nate emerged from under the bedcovers, looking bleary and bewildered. “How are you feeling?”
“I’ll tell you when you stop shouting at me.” Nate pressed his hands against the sides of his forehead, frowning with the effort of thought. “What did I do last night?” 
“Nothing, really.” Jonathan poured out some hot water from pitcher to bowl and soaked a cloth, passing it across to Nathaniel. “You got so drunk you couldn’t pitch a rock through a window, but that’s about all.” 
“Are you sure?” Nathaniel shook his head and looked as though he immediately regretted it, pressing the hot cloth against his face. “I could have sworn I hit the glass,” he said indistinctly into the wet fabric. “And it just bounced off.” 
“It bounced all right, but off the wall. You must have had your eyes crossed.” Jonathan shook out the usual dose of willow-bark tablets. “I’m sorry I was so late getting back. I won’t do that again.” 
“It’s not you, Jon.” Nate lowered the cloth long enough to accept the tablets, which he swallowed dry without so much as a wince. “I’m just so sick of all this. I miss home. I miss my horses, and my dogs, and seeing the same faces I’ve seen every day of my life. Well, apart from yours,” he added with half a smile. “But we can’t go back. Father made that clear enough.” 
Jonathan paused with his hand on the mug of tea he’d brought upstairs on the tray. “We can’t go back, no,” he said slowly. “But we could go forward. So to speak.” 
“It’s too early for riddles.” Nate scrubbed the cloth across his forehead, then tossed it towards Jonathan. “Say whatever you’re saying.” 
“I like this place, Nate.” Jonathan gestured around the room. “Not just the inn here, but the city. The country.” He handed across the tea. “I think you’ll like it too, once you see more than the inside of one seedy bar.” 
“I beg your pardon.” Nathaniel started to draw himself up straight, but stopped in the middle of the motion with a wince. “I’ve seen the inside of three seedy bars, thank you very much. But I’ll agree it’s a nice-looking city,” he added after blowing on the tea and taking his first sip. “Every little shop here has its own idea about how to decorate for holiday time. Some of them are even celebrating holidays I’ve never heard of.” 
“Exactly. This place has a little of everything.” Jonathan added a little of the hot water to the shaving mug and picked up the brush, concentrating his attention on that so as not to betray his nerves. “Why don’t we stay?” 
Nathaniel stopped in the middle of his second sip of tea and stared at Jonathan across the rim of the mug. “Stay,” he repeated, testing out the word as though he’d never heard it before. “You mean, for good?” 
“That’s usually what that word means.” Jonathan lifted his eyes to meet Nathaniel’s. “Think about it. You miss being around horses. I’m sure there’s a stable somewhere in this city that could use another groom. Or if you’re looking for more gentlemanly occupation, you read and write three languages.” 
“All of them badly.” Nathaniel lowered the tea to rest in his lap. “You’re serious about this.” 
“We have to settle down sometime. Why not now?” Jonathan kept his tone light and his eyes on the lather growing in the shaving mug. “As for me, I think I’ll become a barber. I’ve certainly had enough practice.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Nathaniel snorted. “You read and write those same three languages I do, and speak two more I never could get my brain around, besides being able to add up a column of figures and get the same answer every time. If anyone’s finding ‘gentlemanly occupation’ around here, it’s you, not me.” 
“Until they look into my background.” Jonathan shrugged. “Certain things tend to count against one.” 
“They’re hardly going to send all the way to Pasaka to find out your parentage.” Nathaniel smiled, the lowest scar on his cheek dragging the expression slightly out of true. “And the only other way they’d know is asking me, and I’m not about to tell anyone.” 
Not while he’s sober, he won’t. Drunk is another matter. Jonathan kept his head bowed. But half the time Nate drinks because he’s bored, and the other half happens when he’s scared. He knows perfectly well we can’t go on like this forever, but he can’t see any way out of it, so he hides inside a bottle. If I could just find him something to do, to keep him busy and happy and make him feel like he belongs somewhere again, then maybe, just maybe…
“Let me know when you’re ready,” he said out loud. “And once that’s over, I can tell you what happened to me yesterday at the palace. Quite a little adventure, if I do say so myself.” 
“Then let’s get it done, so I can hear the story.” Nate took a deeper drink of his tea and leaned forward to set it on the table. “What’s the palace like? High ceilings and plenty of light, or one of these dark fortresses with everything covered in hundreds of years’ worth of smoke?” 
“Not much smoke, but remember, they use a lot of magic for lighting around here.” Jonathan glanced upward at the inconspicuous glass globe set into a nook on the ceiling. “People buy those like we’d buy candles or oil lamps back home, and the magic inside them gets used up the same way. When it runs out, you can take it back to a mage to be refilled, or you can replace the whole thing if it’s broken or you don’t like the look of it anymore.” 
“Fascinating.” Nate gazed at the light, his eyes thoughtful. “I’ve always wondered about magic. What it would feel like to hold that sort of power in your hand. Like gentling a willful horse, maybe, and training it to answer to the reins. It’s stronger than you are, you can’t force it to do anything, but once it trusts and understands you, amazing things could happen…” He broke off with a huff of breath. “Not that I’ll ever know. You can’t go to school for magic like you can for law or finance or something. It’s either in your blood or it’s not.” 
“We don’t know that.” Jonathan pushed the room’s other chair closer to his brother. “Maybe there is some way you could learn, if you really wanted to. Doesn’t hurt to ask.” 
Nate grunted once as he shifted himself off the bed and into the chair. “So who would you suggest asking, then, since you’re so clever?” 
Jonathan’s memories helpfully presented the image of a golden girl with laughter on her lips and lightning wreathing her arms. “No idea,” he said aloud, shoving the thought away. “But we could find out. What would you say to a little walk around the city, once you’re feeling up to it?” 


  
Part Two

The little walk turned into a several hours’ ramble, the brothers strolling up and down the streets of Laefer, meandering in and out of shops, navigating crowded markets, and pausing to listen to street musicians as they went. Jonathan mentally tagged several important locations, including the discreet office of a merchant firm whose name he recognized as having a business relationship with certain partners of his father. Should it become necessary, the letter of credit in Nathaniel’s trunk, along with his passport and one or two engraved trinkets to prove his identity, would net them another influx of cash to keep them afloat a while longer. 
And if he’s too drunk or too melancholy to go himself, I’ll do it for him. Someone who’s never seen either of us could easily take the description on his passport to mean me. He smiled, watching Nathaniel argue with a merchant over the price for a cone of roasted nuts. Not the first time I’ve played that little comedy, but it might be the last, if we really can find ourselves a place here… 
“I’m not blind, nor am I stupid,” Nathaniel snapped. “This is what you charged your last customer, and this is what I will pay.” 
“Last customer was wife’s cousin’s brother-in-law, sir.” The merchant pulled a long face. “If I charge him full amount, never hear end of it from family.” 
“Then you may decide for yourself what relation I bear to you, for I will take the family price as well.” Nathaniel deposited three small coins into the merchant’s outstretched hand and deftly helped himself to the cone of waxed paper with its piping hot bounty. “Good day to you, sir.” 
Jonathan hastily covered his smile, and flipped a single coin from his own purse to the merchant once Nathaniel had turned away. “That might actually have been his wife’s cousin’s whatever you call it, you know,” he said, helping himself to one of the nuts from the top of the cone. 
“Whether it was or it wasn’t, I’m not about to be taken advantage of.” Nathaniel cracked a nut between his fingers and dropped the shell to the pavement. “And don’t think I didn’t see you paying him extra.” 
“Call it a tip, for the entertainment.” Jonathan gauged his brother’s mood and decided to take the risk. “I could always give you a tip as well, but I don’t think I can afford that much again. Do you have change for a copper?” 
Nathaniel nearly choked on his mouthful, and had to stop to get his breath back. “God in heaven, Jon, you’re outrageous,” he said when his face had regained its proper color. “Why didn’t you ever take off somewhere and try your luck in society? I’d have set you up with a wardrobe, or Father would, and your manners would pass anywhere. You could easily have charmed some nice young lady into marrying you.” 
“What, so I could live the rest of my life sponging off my wife’s dowry or her family’s charity? No thank you.” Jonathan shook his head decidedly. “Not to mention, there’s a little matter of looks to overcome. All the charm in the world wouldn’t reconcile most nice young ladies to these.” He circled two fingers around his scars. “And they don’t even have a gallant story attached. No desperate battles for the fate of the land, no heroic rides to rescue damsels in distress. Just a stupid accident when I was a child.” 
“An accident.” Nate’s eyes went cold and hard. “And I’m the Queen of Sheba. You’re too damn noble for your own good, you realize that?” 
Jonathan sighed. “We’ve been over this, Nate. What’s done is done, and there’s no way to change it now. I didn’t even see who did it, not clearly, and it never happened again, so why go digging up the past?” 
“Oh, I don’t know.” Nathaniel’s free hand tightened into a fist by his side. “Maybe because if I’d been about thirty seconds slower, we wouldn’t be having this conversation? You could have died, Jon. You almost did.” He sighed in his turn, all his anger bleeding away with the sound. “Thinking about that scares me. I don’t know what I’d do without you.” 
“Right now? You wouldn’t have me stuffing my greedy face with your snack.” Jonathan helped himself to another of the roasted nuts. “Better step up your pace, old man.” 
“Back in my day, boys were never so sassy to their elders,” Nathaniel quavered in a fair mimicry of their grandfather, who’d died when they were nine. “Stand up straight and speak when you’re spoken to, young fellow!” 
Laughing, the brothers continued up the street together, pointing out colorful window displays and unusual sights on vendors’ carts, until they came to a broad avenue Jonathan remembered from the day (and night) before. “The palace is just up this way,” he said, taking a final nut for himself and leaving the remaining two for Nate. “What time is it? Public hours might still be going on.” 
“Just past three,” Nate reported after a look at his pocket watch. “You think we should?” 
“I think you should.” Jonathan peeled the shell off the nut and popped the kernel into his mouth. “I’ve been there already,” he said around it, “so no point in going again.” 
Besides, I don’t want to muddy the waters. The princess wanted to talk to Mr. Brinwald yesterday, so everybody else will want to talk to Mr. Brinwald today, and that’s exactly the kind of thing that could open doors for Nate. The lower a profile I keep, the less chance someone has of realizing there are two of us. 
“How about this?” Nate plucked out the last two nuts from the cone and twisted the paper into a screw, sliding it away into his pocket. “I’ll go, if you’ll go with me. Play the servant if it makes you feel better,” he added irritably when Jonathan started to demur. “Run off below stairs and see what gossip you can pick up. I just want to know you’re nearby. In case of… I don’t know. Dragon attack, maybe?” 
“Seems fair.” Jonathan nodded. “Though if you’re expecting me to ride in on a white horse and rescue you, you’ll have to put on a gown first. I do have standards.” 
Nathaniel reached over and dropped a handful of shell fragments down the back of Jonathan’s shirt. 
* * * * *
Climbing the broad marble steps a respectful pace and a half behind Nathaniel, Jonathan felt a strange sense of warped déjà vu, as though he were caught up in the old story of Candlemas Day. 
But that’s about a man who was selfish and rude, and had to live one day over and over until he learned to do good for others. I hope that’s not a description of me. He glanced up towards heaven. And if it is, I need it made a bit clearer what else I should be doing! 
“Mr. Brinwald, thank you.” The doorman’s voice broke into Jonathan’s reverie, increasing his feeling of repeating the same events but from a different perspective. “Of Pasaka?” 
“Yes, that’s right.” Nathaniel glanced back towards Jonathan. “And where can my man wait?”
“Servants’ hall is through the little door to the left.” The doorman inclined his head in the proper direction, his eyes roving from Nathaniel to Jonathan and back again. “Any maid or footman can fetch him when you’re ready to leave. Welcome to the Vakara Palace, sir.” 
Jonathan sidled along the wall and slid through the door with alacrity, letting out his breath once it closed safely behind him. “Go for it, Nate,” he murmured. “Make friends. Influence people. As for me…” His eyes having adjusted to the dimness in the corridor, he set off. “Time to find my own level.” 
The servants’ hall was broad and vaulted and noisy, with men and women chattering together in several different languages, though a number of those conversations broke off as Jonathan entered, ladies’ maids and manservants turning to regard him with interest. He nodded a pleasant greeting to them and made his way around the edge of the room, towards the table where a variety of foodstuffs were laid out, more robust than the delicate offerings in the galleries overhead. The one exception was a tray of sweet pastries, studded with colorful bits of dried fruit, their sugar glaze gleaming under the magelights. 
“These look delightful,” he said to a maid in a long-sleeved gown, helping himself to one. “What’s the occasion?” 
“Not perfect enough for upstairs.” The maid shrugged. “You know pastry cooks. Bake it one shade too dark or dent it with a thumb, and you’d think the world was ending. Fortunately, there’s no shortage of appetites around here.” 
“Very true.” Jonathan took a bite, and had to suppress a noise which would have been unsuitable for mixed company. “Good God,” he said prayerfully when he’d finished savoring the first mouthful. “Whatever they’re paying the person who made this, it’s not enough.” 
“Tell her that yourself.” The maid giggled. “She’s over by the fireplace. Dressed in blue, with all the red hair.” 
Jonathan’s heart stood still for a second. Don’t be a fool, Brinwald, he scolded himself, taking another bite of the dense, rich pastry to cover his turbulent emotions. There’s got to be more than one girl with red hair in a palace this size, and a lady-mage might dabble in the kitchens, but she’d never venture down to the servants’ hall. This has to be someone else…
Slowly he turned to face the proper direction, and his breath caught in his chest. 
Standing by the fire with a wooden cup in her hand, laughing together with two young women in the uniform of the palace guard, was a figure he already knew he would never mistake for any other. As though she’d felt his regard, she glanced over her shoulder, and her eyes lit up in surprise and welcome. One slim hand rose, and she beckoned him closer. 
Then again, I’ve been wrong before. 
“It’s good to see you again,” Cecilia said as Jonathan reached her side, her smile rivaling the magelights for brilliance. “I was afraid we’d frightened you away, after yesterday.” 
“I thought the same thing about you.” Jonathan took another bite of his pastry, to disguise how close his voice was to wobbling with relief. Cecilia as a fine lady was well above his touch, but Cecilia as a palace baker, even with a touch of magic and her princess’s favor thrown in, was something else altogether. “These are impossibly good,” he said around his mouthful. “If you’ll pardon the barbarian compliment.”
“She’s half a barbarian herself, so it’s fitting,” said one of the young guardswomen, laughing at Cecilia’s indignant huff. “You must be Jonathan. I’m Phoebe, and this is Valeria.” 
“Pleased to meet you.” Jonathan gave them the slight bow of one servant to another. “Some of the friends you were mentioning?” he asked Cecilia. 
“Yes, but I often wonder why.” Cecilia glared at Phoebe, who returned the look cheerfully. Her black hair formed a natural helmet about her head, hanging just to the length of her earlobes. Valeria, who was watching the conversation over the lip of her ale, had dark brown hair curlier than Jonathan’s own and thick dark eyebrows and eyelashes. “Friends are supposed to keep your secrets for you, not give them away to the first person who passes by.” 
“Oh, so we weren’t supposed to mention how you’ve been chattering on about your mysterious stranger all of last night and this morning?” Phoebe grinned. “How you were daydreaming so hard that you forgot to set your sand-glass and burned a tray of pastries beyond all recognition? How—” 
“Shut up, Phoebe.” Valeria elbowed Phoebe in the side, making her oof as the breath rushed out of her. “Or did you want me to tell the story about the chickens?” 
Phoebe shook her head hard, and wheezed something which could have been charitably interpreted as an apology. 
“Stranger I’ll admit to, but mysterious, not so much.” Jonathan settled into a comfortable standing position, careful not to look at Cecilia until she had a chance to bring her blushes under control. “Just a man like anyone else, in attendance on my older brother. We travel the world, or we have been until now. All the hustle and bustle is starting to pall on both of us.” 
“You could do worse than settle down here.” Valeria sipped at her ale. “Everyone’s welcome in Olechna, so long as they follow our laws. Queen Leah makes sure of it.” 
“It’s why we’re so prosperous.” Cecilia held out her hands as though they were the balance pans of a scale. “Many different peoples and ways, but one overarching code. Primum, non nocere.” 
“First, do no harm. The Oath of the Healer.” Jonathan nodded, impressed. “My mother taught me about that, though she didn’t know the Latin. That much I got from my brother’s tutor.” 
“Which is where most of us picked it up as well.” Phoebe had regained her breath, but was keeping a wary eye on Valeria’s elbow. “Her Majesty has a soft spot for the children of her former soldiers, and wanted us to have a good education. And since an awful lot of her subjects had something to do with the war, it only made sense that her first big public work when she took the throne was establishing schools throughout the land, and arranging classes for all of us here at the palace.” 
“A little learning never hurts.” Valeria grinned sidelong at Jonathan. “Tu n’es pas d’accord avec moi, M. Jonathan?” 
“Mais oui.” Jonathan twisted an imaginary mustache, making all three women laugh. “Perhaps not everyone needs to learn advanced mathematical theory or read the twenty greatest books ever written, but the more you use your mind, the better you do everything, I’ve found. Even the simplest jobs in the world can be improved with some thought put into them…” 
The conversation ranged across nearly as many topics as the one Jonathan had held with the princess and Cecilia the day before, though its four participants made it more lively. He couldn’t remember a more enjoyable time, and found himself making careful note of the dates and times Phoebe rattled off when the palace servants, like their masters, would be holding celebrations with various themes. “Since you’ll probably be here anyway,” Phoebe added with a wink before she slipped away for her guard shift. “Might as well prepare yourself.” 
“Think I’ll get going too.” Valeria finished her ale and hooked the mug onto her belt. “Bathhouse is usually pretty empty at this hour, so I can have it to myself for once. Good to meet you, Jonathan.” 
“Likewise.” Jonathan watched her go, then turned back to Cecilia, who was gazing determinedly into the fireplace. “Your friends are charming,” he said, rubbing the toe of his shoe across a rough patch in the stone floor. “I’m envious of you, having the chance to grow up here alongside them, and with royalty who care so personally for their people.” 
“It has its ups and downs.” Cecilia turned to face him. “I’m so sorry if I gave you a false impression yesterday. That was never my intention.” 
“Likewise.” Jonathan smiled crookedly. “Who’d have thought my borrowing one of my brother’s suits would lead to such a crazy misunderstanding? But it’s all over now, and we have things sorted out. Will I see you again, if Nate and I come back to the palace?” 
“Given that I live here, I certainly hope so.” Cecilia stretched out her hands to the flames, her fingers long and slender and unadorned. “Would you care to walk a little? I have some time free at the moment, since most of my work happens in the mornings, and I can leave a message to redirect anyone who comes down here looking for you.” 
“Why not?” Jonathan offered his arm to her, as he had the day before, and Cecilia slipped her hand through it just as naturally. “Did you have somewhere in mind to go, or just a stroll?”
“The glasshouses aren’t far, and it’s always so nice to see things green and growing at this time of the year. Besides, I’d love to know what fruits we have here that you know from home, and what’s new to you that’s commonplace here.” Cecilia drew him towards a door in the far wall, pausing just before she opened it to whisper a few words into her fingertips and make a tossing motion towards a manservant seated beside the door Jonathan had entered through. A tiny ball of light materialized in the air and fluttered in his direction, and Cecilia nodded in satisfaction and opened the door. 
“A message-spell?” Jonathan matched his steps to Cecilia’s as they climbed the stairs beyond the door. “That’s as new to me as any fruit or plant would be. It’s fascinating to see magic so commonly used.” 
“We have the power. Why shouldn’t we use it?” Cecilia held up her hand, lightning dancing from one finger to the next. “Mine isn’t terribly strong, compared to someone like my father, but I’ve learned very fine control over it, if I do say so myself. I can’t cast a whirlwind across a battlefield or trigger an avalanche onto my enemies, but I can make a gentleman who’s had too much to drink trip over something he never saw, and often that decides him that he ought to take himself off to bed.”
“That would be a useful skill to learn.” Jonathan couldn’t quite suppress the bitterness in his voice, but Cecilia, if she heard it, chose not to comment. “I wonder what happens to children who’re born with magic in Pasaka, or our neighboring lands. It’s not something that can be trained out of you, is it?” 
“Not entirely so, but it can be channeled.” Cecilia opened a door at the top of the stairs and led Jonathan out into a quiet corridor. “Someone with a great talent for music or art, who grows impossibly healthy and beautiful plants, or who has a very deft hand with horses or dogs or livestock, might well have a magical talent and only be using it for that one purpose. Likely that’s where most of your mages are. Hidden in plain sight, not even aware of it themselves.” 
“Interesting.” Jonathan ran over the list of his childhood acquaintances in his head and found one or two names on it which might fit this description. “I’ve never felt anything like that. Should I be upset, or relieved?” 
“Honestly, I would say relieved. Magic is not always a comfortable companion in life.” Cecilia paused as a stifled gasp emerged from one of the rooms further up the corridor, followed by laughing voices with an ugly tone to their words. “Oh, dear,” she murmured. “I don’t like the sound of that.” 
“Nor do I.” Jonathan released her hand and gestured for her to follow, and they slipped silently along the hallway until they could peer around the half-open door of the room. 
The scene within made Jonathan clench his fists briefly, but it was hardly new to him. A small group of young noblemen, in high spirits and ripe for mischief, had found a maid tidying one of the rooms and surrounded her, passing comment on her appearance and what might be expected of her. The girl, barely sixteen if Jonathan was any judge, looked terrified out of her mind, clutching her basket of cleaning cloths between white-knuckled hands. 
Cecilia hissed a curse. “I can’t go in there,” she breathed. “Not dressed like this. They’d never listen. And I might be able to distract them, but she’s too frightened even to run unless someone tells her to…” 
“What’s her name?” Jonathan asked urgently. 
“Marya.” The answer came without hesitation. “But why—oh.” The smile breaking across Cecilia’s face reminded Jonathan of sunrise over the ocean. “Yes. Go. I’ll back you up.” 
Jonathan broadened his stance and flattened his shoulders, then burst around the corner of the door as though he’d been hurrying along the hallway. “Marya!” he bellowed, pitching his voice deliberately too loud for the size of the room. “There you are! Been looking everywhere for you! Beg pardon, gentlemen,” he added with a barely sketched bow to the startled and offended young nobles. “Come on, girl, no time to dilly-dally! Get a move on!” 
Cecilia showed herself briefly in the doorway, and Marya fled to her side like a fawn to its mother. Jonathan turned to make for the door himself, when a drawling voice stopped him short. “Hold up there, you.” 
“Sir?” Jonathan tipped his head at the speaker, giving his best imitation of a man out of his element and wanting only to be gone. “Help you?” 
“I haven’t seen you around before.” The nobleman stepped closer, looking Jonathan up and down. Pale hair lay lank against his head, while wood-brown eyes stared arrogantly out of his pallid face, all angles and sharp edges. His suit was one of the grander ensembles Jonathan had yet encountered in Olechna, made from dark green velvet and elaborately embroidered with silver across the front of the tunic and down the sides of the trousers. “Trust me, I’d remember a face like yours. I’ll likely see it in my nightmares.” His friends sniggered at this stellar example of wit. “And that’s not palace livery you’re wearing. Are you new here?” 
“Visiting with my master, sir. Came looking as a favor to my young lady.” Jonathan nodded to the door. “Should be getting back, sir. I’ll be missed.” 
“Will you, now. What a shame.” The noble eyed him consideringly. “Little servants shouldn’t meddle in things they don’t understand.” At a waggle of his fingers, two of his coterie drifted towards the door. “They might get hurt.” 
Perhaps so, but I’m not going down without a fight. Jonathan straightened his back, meeting the noble’s gaze head on. “I’ll be missed, sir,” he repeated, keeping his tone calm and neutral. “And if I come back unable to do my duties, my master’ll be angry. So if he were to ask me how it happened…” 
“You think he would believe you over me?” The noble drew himself up haughtily. “You overestimate yourself.” 
“Maybe so.” Jonathan looked the noble up and down, just as the noble had done to him, then let his smirk show on his face. “But it looks like I’m not the only one.”  
“You insolent barbarian!” The noble reared back, his eyes bulging unattractively. “Who is this master of yours? I’ll be lodging a complaint with him, about the outrageous behavior of his servant towards a man of good breeding.” 
 “Brinwald, sir. Mr. Nathaniel Brinwald, late of Pasaka.” Jonathan swept the other man a bow far too low for his state. “And you go ahead and lodge whatever you like with him. Pardon me, sir.” 
“Why, you stinking outlander—” the noble began heatedly. Jonathan turned away and strode towards the door, hiding a smile as he heard muffled snickering from the other members of the little group. 
“My trick, I think,” he murmured as he shouldered between the would-be doormen and ducked out of the room unopposed. “Overdressed, ill-mannered little popinjay.” 
Cecilia and Marya had established themselves in a nook further along the hallway, with the maid sobbing into Cecilia’s shoulder. “Bless you, sir,” Marya said tremulously as Jonathan arrived, lifting a tearful face to greet him. “They wouldn’t leave, they kept walking about and leering at me and saying those awful things, and I was so frightened, I didn’t know what to do…”
“Next time, scream,” Jonathan advised, finding one of his spare handkerchiefs and handing it across. “That should send them on their way, and you can always say you saw a mouse or a spider if you don’t want to tell anyone what really happened.” 
“They’re new to the palace, new to the capital, even, if they think they can behave like that and get away with it.” Cecilia tightened her arms briefly around Marya. “I’ll bring it up with the people who need to know. Don’t worry. They won’t play that game again, with you or with anybody.” 
“Bless you, my lady. Or Miss Cecy, I should say.” Marya giggled, blotting her face with Jonathan’s handkerchief. “We all call her ‘my lady’ for her fine ways, being in attendance on Her Highness as she is,” she said to Jonathan. “You should see her when she puts on one of her lovely gowns for the Midwinter dances.” 
“Well, it is that time of the year. Perhaps I will.” Jonathan shook his head as Marya made to return his handkerchief. “Keep it,” he said. “I have others.”
“You’re so kind, sir. Thank you.” Marya tucked the kerchief into the pouch at her waist, disentangled herself from Cecilia, and scooped up her basket of cloths, bobbing briefly to Jonathan and Cecilia before whisking herself away down the hall. 
 “Planning to come to the dances, then, are you?” Cecilia ran her fingers across the tearstains on her shoulder, which steamed briefly and disappeared. “Or maybe to some of the other parties we’ll be holding for ourselves? Phoebe was chattering on about them earlier, but I wouldn’t blame you if you hadn’t been listening…”
“Musical evening two nights from now, round-robin storytelling two nights after that, and a bonfire in the courtyard on Saturday evening,” Jonathan interjected. “I did lose track a bit after that, but I wanted to ask. What in the world is Charm Night?” 
“Oh, that.” Cecilia shook out her skirts. “There’s a particular night in December when it’s traditional in Olechna to create and enchant magical charms, for friendship or luck or safety. If you carve wood or braid string or anything like that, you can make a charm for someone you care about, and the mages will enchant it to have the effect you want. Or you can buy one at the market, though that’s not quite as special.” 
“I don’t have any particular crafting skill, but I can do a basic braid. Perhaps if I strung a bought charm on a string I’d braided myself?” Jonathan pushed off the wall where he’d been leaning. “But that’s not for another week or two, if I recall right, and something I can do is much sooner.” He waggled his fingers in the air. “Assuming you have anything resembling a pianoforte about the place.” 
“Mr. Brinwald, you are full of surprises.” Cecilia slid her hand through his arm once more. “I’d just warn you to be careful of showing too much skill. If you play well, people will forever be asking you to give them some music so they can dance.”
“Is that a bad thing?” 
“Only because if you have to play, you won’t be able to join in the dancing.” Cecilia looked up at him through her lashes, and Jonathan’s heart quivered in his chest. 
Careful, now, he warned himself. She’s not making you any promises. As far as she’s concerned, this could be simple friendliness or a part of the season, making a lonely stranger feel welcome. Enjoy her company while it lasts, and don’t build up too many hopes.  
Still, as they continued their interrupted journey towards the glasshouses, Jonathan couldn’t help but indulge in a brief daydream. 
Palaces always have work to do, ‘gentlemanly’ and otherwise. If we got the right people on our side, found a spot that needs filling, then maybe, just maybe, we could stay. Not just in Olechna, but right here. And if we did… He glanced down at Cecilia once more, and this time felt his heart attempt to turn over entirely. It’s utterly mad, it’s all but impossible, but it never hurts to hope, does it? 
* * * * *
“You look happy,” Nathaniel said when they were several streets away from the palace, meaning Jonathan could step up to walk alongside him rather than following at a discreet distance. “Have a good time?” 
“I could ask you the same thing.” Jonathan tucked his hands into his pockets. “How was the company upstairs?” 
“Not too bad, really. Met up with a few of the locals who seem like decent sorts.” Nathaniel patted his own pocket. “They showed me where the card tables were, and I won a bit of silver.” Producing one of the larger Olechnar coins, he flipped it in Jonathan’s direction. “Put that wherever you’re hiding the money these days.” 
“Will do.” Jonathan twirled the coin between his fingers once before sliding it away. “You know this already, but don’t play with the same crowd twice. If they happen to be card-sharps…” 
“They could be letting me win a little to lure me in, before they start me on games they can either rig or they’re impossibly good at.” Nathaniel rolled his eyes. “I wasn’t born yesterday, Jon.” 
“Maybe not, but you get excitable sometimes when you’re winning. Or when you’re losing.” Jonathan shrugged one shoulder. “Be aware, is all I’m saying. Just because they’re welcome in the palace doesn’t mean they’re trustworthy.” 
“Of course it doesn’t.” Nathaniel grinned. “They let us in, didn’t they?” 
Jonathan couldn’t help but laugh, and deep in his heart a tendril of hope unfurled its first delicate leaf. He hadn’t seen Nathaniel in such good spirits since…
Since we had to leave home. Since before everything with Agnes, and her mother, and the horrible mess that created. If he’s finally able to set that aside and look around for the good things in life again, then we may have a chance here after all.  
Somewhere in the back of his mind, a voice muttered dark prognostications, quoting warnings about chickens and the proper time to count them. Jonathan slammed a door in the voice’s nonexistent face and turned his eyes to the sky. 
 “Look, there’s the Bad King’s Servants,” he said, pointing out a small cluster of seven stars close together. “Remember how we used to come up with ridiculous names and stories for them, and then band together to defeat them one by one so we could break into the castle to fight the Bad King himself?” 
“I remember we would always name them after people we didn’t like.” Nathaniel shaded his eyes from the glare of the nearest street lamp. “Three of them could be those French harpies who were talking you down yesterday. Didn’t see them at the public hours. Likely they stayed home to lick their wounds.” 
“I wouldn’t doubt it.” Jonathan smirked. “Cecilia gave them a fine roasting and no mistake.” 
“So you said. Repeatedly.” Nathaniel tilted his head to one side. “Has Sir Jonathan of the unassailable heart finally been bested?” 
“It’s a bit early to be talking about that,” Jonathan protested, focusing his thoughts on icebergs and falling snow in an effort to curb the blush he could feel rising. “I just met her yesterday.” 
“And again today, unless I miss my guess. Which I don’t.” Nathaniel snickered. “You only turn that color when I get it exactly right.” 
“Jackass.” Jonathan shoved his brother’s shoulder affectionately. “You keep harping on this, and next time you need me to shave you, I might miss a spot or two. Say, right here? And here?” He laid a finger on the curve of each cheek. “Whiskers like a little mouse. Wouldn’t that be adorable?”  
“Jackass yourself.” Nathaniel shuddered. “That’s low even for you.” 
“You never know. It might set a new fashion.” Jonathan pretended to simper. “Oh, Mr. Brinwald, your cheek tufts are so charming, they just make me want to—” 
Then he had to run. 
* * * * *
“Good God.” Jonathan sorted through the immense profusion of sheet music he’d discovered in the bench of the pianoforte which sat at one end of the small performance hall in the palace (small, in this case, meaning it could seat no more than a hundred in comfort). “How many languages do you people use? French, Italian, German, and this looks like Russian…” 
“Tonadellan, but close enough,” said Phoebe, opening her case and beginning to slide together the parts of her polished black clarinet. “They’re both written with the Cyrillic alphabet, not the Roman one.” 
“All right. And then there’s this.” Jonathan held up a piece of music on which he could read only the notations, as the writing on it consisted of a series of tiny, elegant line drawings. “Berudan, I think?” 
“That one is, yes.” Phoebe nodded. “And two down from there is Anjingi. Similar look overall, but very differently executed. But of course, if you’re going to talk about languages, music is often considered the universal one…” 
“Music is not a language,” said a black-haired young man dressed like a groom, thumping down a chair beside Phoebe’s with unnecessary force. “A language must be able to convey ideas with precision and clarity, and music can give only the most general idea of what its composer wanted to convey. Not only that, but the interpretation by the performer adds another level of meaning which is not present in any other art form.” 
“What about theater?” Phoebe countered. “The experience of reading a play to oneself is entirely different from seeing it performed on a stage, and each actor who’s cast in a role brings it to life in a unique way. Not to mention how much the chemistry between the actors affects the story being told. If the Princess of Kindness is supposed to be madly in love with the Hard-Working Hero but secretly she can’t stand him—” 
“That’s why it’s called acting!” The young man pounded his fist into the palm of his other hand. “And besides, hatred isn’t all that far from love. It would be much more telling if they felt indifferent towards one another…”
“Here we go again,” said Cecilia with a weary sigh as she arrived in the musicians’ area. “Did you start them off?” 
“Inadvertently, but yes.” Jonathan edged around the corner of the pianoforte, leaving Phoebe and her sparring partner to go at it. “I assume this isn’t something new.”  
“They’ve been like this for years. If Phoebe says morning, Masa says evening. Masa says dog, Phoebe says cat.” Cecilia unlatched the large, curved case she’d brought with her and flipped open its lid. “One of these years they’ll get around to admitting what they’re really up to,” she said, brushing a bit of dust from the polished wood surface of her instrument. “Until then, we all just enjoy the free show.” 
“This is what you play?” Jonathan whistled under his breath as Cecilia lifted the violoncello out of its case. “It’s almost as big as you are.”
“You should have seen her when she was just starting out,” Phoebe said over her shoulder, holding up her hand to halt Masa as he started to retort to her last point. “She was so little she had to stand on a stool to reach the neck of the instrument, and her grandfather would put his hand over hers to help her press down the strings.” Without missing a beat, she turned back to Masa. “Well, if you’re going to say emotion is entirely subjective, why is it that we can write or talk about emotions? If my sadness is different from your sadness, then you shouldn’t be able to comprehend what I mean if I say I’m sad…” 
“I wish I could have seen that.” Jonathan closed the lid of Cecilia’s case once she had retrieved her bow, sliding it out of the way under the pianoforte. “You standing on a stool to play. With your grandfather, she said? Did he teach you?” 
“Yes, he played wonderfully. Plays, I should say, although his hands aren’t what they used to be.” Cecilia plucked one of her strings, frowned at the tone, and tightened the tuning peg a fraction. “He was originally from Tonadel, far to the north of here, but he left home young to be a mercenary, and fought with the Berudan army for many years. That’s how he and my grandmother met.” 
“Strange.” Jonathan leaned back against the curve of the pianoforte, sliding a finger along its smooth, polished surface. “We haven’t had a serious war in Pasaka for a long time. A few border skirmishes or some internal upheavals here and there, but nothing that would require the whole country to be mobilized. I hadn’t realized how deeply war would mark everyone’s lives, even generations later.” 
“Most of us here wouldn’t even exist if it hadn’t been for the wars.” Cecilia nodded to the group of musicians setting up, tossing teasing comments and friendly insults back and forth. “Our parents, and in some cases our grandparents as well, could never have met one another any other way. But so many people also died, who might have had children or grandchildren of their own today.” She sighed, plucking another string to hear its tone. “There are no simple answers.” 
“When are there ever, when human beings are involved.” Jonathan lifted a hand to his own scarred cheek. “Everything we do touches other people, and changes them in some way. We can’t ever know what those changes will be. We can hope, but we can’t outright know.” 
“Grandfather told me once that music is hope, given voice by human hands.” Cecilia drew her bow once across her strings, nodding at the clear sounds they emitted. “His own hands hurt him from all his years of war and living, but still he plays, and teaches others to play. Because his desire to share the gift of beauty and declare the goodness of life is worth the price of pain.” 
As though embarrassed by her words, she ducked her head and drew the bow across the strings once more, this time in the opening of a German piece Jonathan recognized. The deep, mellow notes hummed throughout the room, silencing conversation as they went, and Jonathan slipped around to the pianoforte’s keyboard, pulling up the bench so he could sit and wait for the end of the first melodic statement. 
Long note, slow down a bit for effect, and… there. 
Cecilia lifted her bow slightly to begin the restatement section, and Jonathan added the accompanying chords beneath her melody, bringing her eyes up to him and winning her brief, brilliant smile before she returned her gaze to her instrument. 
This place, these people, are like nothing I’ve ever encountered before, and yet I feel like I’m coming home. His fingers shaped the deceptively simple, almost mathematical progressions of the piece without input from his conscious mind. I know I shouldn’t get too attached, but that’s a hard feeling to resist…
When they brought the little duet to a close, their listeners applauded, before three other people holding string instruments like Cecilia’s (although significantly smaller) pulled up their chairs to sit beside her and passed around sheet music. After a few moments’ talk about tempos and reprises, the impromptu quartet launched into their piece in a way which made Jonathan suspect they’d done this many times before. 
Of course, in a palace, having music whenever the royals or their guests want it is highly desirable, so servants who can play would be in demand. Probably it’s considered part of their duties to practice together and learn new music as it’s written, or as it comes to their shores. But I can tell this isn’t just work to them. He watched the first violinist, a burly man with spiked hair and gnarled hands which dwarfed his delicate instrument, shape a passionate passage with precise movements of his bow. Not the most technically perfect performance I’ve ever heard, but far and away one of the best, because it’s clear how much they all love what they’re doing. 
 His mind slyly inserted a memory of the painful ‘musical evenings’ he had once spied upon in Pasaka, where Nathaniel and the other eligible young men of the area would dutifully sit through performances by the local young ladies, all of whom had been trained by the best masters to play upon the pianoforte or the harp or the violin, and very few of whom had the least desire or inclination to create anything approaching music. Many of them had, within Jonathan’s hearing, bemoaned being forced by their mothers to dedicate half an hour to practice every day, as they felt themselves far too busy to do any such thing. 
Whereas I would sneak into the drawing room to get in a few minutes’ practice whenever my free time coincided with Nate’s parents being out of the house, and that was never often enough to suit me. He smiled to himself. Funny thing about that. New music for the pianoforte would appear in the bench every few weeks, even though technically no one in the family played…
The string quartet wound its way to a finishing chord, and Jonathan applauded with the rest of the room, before a small group of woodwind players stepped forward to take their turn. When they were finished, Jonathan gave up his place at the pianoforte to a middle-aged man who played a lively, syncopated piece together with a percussionist and a young woman with what appeared to be a larger version of Cecilia’s cello. A brass quintet performed next, succeeded by a man who brought out a plucked string instrument with a triangular body to accompany a woman singing in a language Jonathan didn’t recognize. They were partway through their second song when movement at the door caught his eye. 
A pair of older women, dressed in what he’d come to recognize as the height of Olechnar court fashion, hovered in the doorway, eyeing the gathering of plainly-dressed people with distaste and murmuring to one another. Jonathan slipped off his stool and made his way down the room towards them. 
“I beg your pardon, miladies,” he said when he was within earshot, as experience had told him that inflating a woman’s rank was seldom a way to gain her disfavor. “May I assist with something?”
Both women drew themselves up haughtily, as though he’d tossed a dead rat at their feet. The fairer of the two, who reminded Jonathan irresistibly of the time Nate had left a window open and rain had blown through it onto a painting, muttered a word under her breath which Jonathan didn’t know, but he strongly doubted it was a compliment. 
“Yes, you may,” said the other, darker-complexioned and with long braids swirled up onto her head, using the same language Jonathan had spoken to her, though her tone dripped with disdain. “Tell these…people to lower the volume of their noise. We are having a civilized gathering one story above you, and we can hardly hear each other speak.” 
“I do apologize, miladies.” Jonathan bowed, biting his tongue on several choice remarks he could have made. As satisfying as it would have been, this was not a fight he could win. “I will be sure to tell them.” 
“See that you do.” The woman sniffed and turned to walk away, speaking to her companion in what Jonathan presumed was the local language once more. Then he felt a soft drift of air brush past his ears, and between words the conversation became comprehensible to him. 
“—can one expect from animals like that,” the second woman was saying, casting an unfriendly look behind her. Jonathan hastily donned his most blank and uncomprehending expression. “The old king was far too permissive to his daughter, allowing her to associate with whoever she pleased, and now look what’s become of our beautiful kingdom. Our streets and our countryside overrun with foreigners and jumped-up peasantry. Our royal blood stained and diluted almost past recognition. Even your own son, my dear, so terribly treated in the very corridors of our palace. What is to become of us?” 
“Ah, don’t fret, my friend.” The first woman laughed softly. “My boy has a plan to deal with such rabble, and it very well may solve our every problem, all at once. I think you will love it, when you learn of it.” She glanced over her shoulder and scowled. “But we should not speak of it here. Water finds its own level, they say, and never was that more true…”
“Blast,” Cecilia murmured from behind Jonathan as the two women rounded a corner. “I was hoping they wouldn’t spot me. I apologize for using a spell on you without permission,” she added as he turned to face her, “but I wanted you to be able to understand them, and I doubt you speak Olechnar.” 
“I don’t, and I appreciate your thoughtfulness.” Jonathan rubbed his forehead. “Though I find it hard to believe you were able to shove an entire language into my mind in just those few seconds. So what did you do?” 
“Without being too technical, I shared my ears with you.” Cecilia cupped her hands behind these organs, as though enlarging them. “It takes a lot of power to do, so I can’t hold it for long, but while it was active, you heard what I heard. Not just a jumble of noises, but words that make sense.” She glared at the corner around which the two women had vanished. “Although that doesn’t make it pleasant or polite.” 
“Would you be surprised to know I’m actually relieved to have met those two? Along with our maid-trapping friends of the other day, and the ‘French harpies’ as my brother called them.” Jonathan smiled at Cecilia’s quizzical look. “Call it paranoia if you will, but I suspect anything or anyplace that seems too perfect. Once a few flaws have made themselves visible, I can relax and feel more at home. After all.” He raised his hand to his scarred cheek. “I’m not exactly perfect myself.” 
“And who is?” Cecilia reached up to take his hand between hers. “Tell me this. Do you want to go back to our friends and tell them that we should stop enjoying ourselves as we please, because a pair of rude old women told us to?” 
“Want to, no, but shouldn’t we?” Jonathan glanced back at the hallway. “If they complain to someone else…” 
“We have all necessary permissions to hold this gathering,” said Cecilia firmly. “And everyone who spends time at the palace, and pays attention to what is going on, would have known about it and made their plans accordingly. Either to stay away if they can’t stand our music, or to be nearby if they enjoy listening. Which is far more common, and I wouldn’t be surprised if the Queen herself were somewhere within earshot.” 
“So they’re complaining just because they can? Or…” Jonathan laughed once. “Or they’re seeing if they can bully us into stopping what we’re doing. Because, like the harpies, the only pleasure they get from life is taking away the pleasure of others.” 
“Especially others they consider beneath them. Which, judging by the way they talk, is just about everyone who doesn’t have pure Olechnar blood.” Cecilia shook her head, starting back towards the musicians’ end of the room. “They need to brush up on their history. Olechna has been a crossroads of the world since before it ever had that name, so there’s really no such thing as ‘pure Olechnar blood’, not unless you’re going to pick and choose exactly which ancestries are acceptable and which ones aren’t.” 
“Not to mention, pure-blooded anythings tend to be sickly and have all sorts of problems,” Phoebe chimed in from her seat. “Because when you keep narrowing down the pool for what you consider pure, pretty soon you’re going to get into some nasty inbreeding problems, like that one disease that kept cropping up in all the royal families in Europe because they would only marry their cousins. Isn’t that stupid?” 
“Shut up, Phoebe,” Masa hissed, elbowing her. “That’s where he’s from!” 
“Only the general area. My country wasn’t involved in that little fiasco.” Jonathan smiled, amused rather than offended. “And you’re not wrong. It is stupid. Anyone who works with animals knows you shouldn’t breed bloodlines too close together. But it’s also not our problem.” 
“No, it’s not.” Cecilia, who had been rummaging in a cupboard nearby, turned around with an armful of music packets. “Although here’s something which might be. Not a problem, but a solution. Tell me, Mr. Brinwald.” She extended one of the packets towards him. “Have you ever heard of this?”  
“Oh, that thing!” Phoebe bounced on her stool. “An ambassador brought us a lot of copies a few months ago, as a gift for Her Majesty. ‘An oratorio,’ he said. ‘It’s all the rage back in our country.’ But we’re not really sure if it’s worth the time.” She made a face. “It’s so long, and so complicated. Needs both an orchestra and a chorus, and no real story to it, just a bunch of passages from a holy book. No disrespect meant,” she added swiftly. “If it’s any good, I’d love to know about it. Have you heard of this? Heard it done, even?” 
Jonathan flipped open the packet, glanced at the cover page, and began to smile. “I’ve heard of it, yes,” he said. “And whoever brought it to you was right. It is all the rage in a great deal of Europe, and has been for a few years now.” 
“Meaning it would probably enrage our ever-so-noble ‘guests’ better than anything else we could perform.” Cecilia tapped her finger on the top of the books she held. “We couldn’t possibly do all of it, not without learning it first, but is there a portion we could try by sight?”
“Well, tell me this.” Jonathan paged through the music until he found the section he was looking for. “Am I right in assuming most people here can sing as well as play?” 
“Most of us, yes. And the ones who can’t would be happy to listen.” Cecilia peered over his shoulder. “Oh, that does look relatively simple. We may have been doing it a disservice by trying to start at the beginning.” 
“Which is why it’s good to get a second opinion.” Masa got to his feet to look over Jonathan’s other shoulder. “Do you think this section would give us a feel for the work?” 
“I think so.” Jonathan folded back the packet so that it would stay open on a music rack. “And while a full performance does call for an orchestra, the choral edition here gives the basic sound of the instrumental parts from the pianoforte line. I can play it if people will sing.” 
“I think we can arrange that.” Cecilia joined in the applause for the final song from the string player and singer, then held up the music. “Everyone,” she called out. “Will you find your copies of this piece here, and turn to page 55? Mr. Brinwald has suggested we try over the choral parts of that section.” 
A few moments of adjustment and chattering followed, as instruments were set in safe places, vocal sections were formed, and sufficient copies of the music for everyone to follow were located. Jonathan seated himself at the pianoforte and stretched his fingers, hoping the movements would mask his nervousness. He’d played in company before, but never for so large a group, and certainly never as any kind of leader. 
“I apologize in advance for the eighth-note runs in this section,” he said when he judged the singers were as ready as they were going to be. “They’re a little tricky, but they all have the same pattern to them, and I’ll be doubling your parts as much as possible. If you get lost, follow me.” He paused, considering certain adventures in his and Nathaniel’s past. “Although I should probably mention this is only good advice in a musical context.” 
“So are you saying we should take note of your playing?” Cecilia asked, redoubling the light wave of laughter at Jonathan’s comment. 
Jonathan sighed, exchanging weary glances with Phoebe and Masa. “Tempo is brisk and light, not rushing,” he went on. “I’ll start at the beginning of the movement, so six measures before the singers. Sopranos, you’re first, tenors follow in the next system, and so on. In one, two, three, four…” 
The ivory keys responded to the pressure of his fingers, shaping the playful passages the singers would soon follow. Jonathan saw eyes around the group light up with surprise and pleasure at the interplay of tunes and ornamentations, before he played the little introductory trill that cued the sopranos to sing. 
“For unto us a child is born…” 
Tenors, altos, basses, each followed this line in their turn, weaving strands of sound into a tapestry of prophetic language. Words and melodies rose and fell together, crossing and looping about one another, as though the music were an elegant dance. 
“And the government shall be upon his shoulder…” 
The canon sections, where each section sang an independent melody with its own words, gave way to something more polyphonic, with the parts supporting one another in close harmonies. Jonathan marked this portion strongly in his playing, and the singers followed him with care, adding emphasis to each word and syllable. 
“And his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor…” 
Lifting his right hand briefly from the keys, Jonathan flipped forward in the packet, playing the left-hand part from memory as the singing continued. Having found the page he wanted, he returned to keeping time and tune, but he could see Cecilia eyeing him with interest from her place in the first row of altos. 
“…the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace,” the singers concluded, and started to relax, turning to one another as though to begin discussing what they’d heard and done, but Jonathan wasn’t finished. 
“Page 171,” he called out, and turned over to that point in his own music, striking the dramatic chords of this new section. Hurriedly the singers flipped through their pages to keep up, most of them finding their places just in time, as Jonathan’s accompaniment ran up the scale to the first triumphant harmonies. 
“Hallelujah! Hallelujah!” 
Voices rang to the rafters, filling the room with the sounds of joy and praise. Incredulous smiles touched the lips of the listeners, and the singers reached out to clasp hands with one another as they followed their lines across the pages. 
“And he shall reign for ever and ever,” the basses declared solidly. The tenors, unable to wait for them to finish, leaped into song atop the end of the basses’ line. The altos took their cue from their brother sections, adding their own declaration of the words before the tenors were done, and finally the sopranos chimed in, impatient at this unusual wait. 
“King of Kings!” chanted the high voices. 
“For ever, and ever!” came the answer from the low parts. 
“And Lord of Lords!” 
“Hallelujah! Hallelujah!” 
At last all the earlier motifs came into play at once, each line having its own melody and words, giving the effect of joy so overwhelming that it was almost uncontrollable. Jonathan kept time under the voices, marking a part more strongly if he felt the singers faltering, until the chorus drew together once more, the four sections calling out as one. 
“For ever, and ever, hallelujah, hallelujah!” 
Jonathan lifted his hands from the keys, signaling a moment’s hold. The silence in the room was almost tangible. Then, slowly, he laid his fingers on the keyboard and brought the singers back in for the final great cry of rejoicing. 
“Hallelujah!” 
The listeners burst into applause and cheers before the chord had stopped ringing through the room, the singers drawing deep breaths and gazing at each other in wonder. Jonathan let his shoulders relax and dropped his hands into his lap, flexing his fingers with a wince. 
Cecilia slipped out of a knot of happily chattering altos to perch on the end of the bench. “Out of practice?” she asked, taking one of Jonathan’s hands in hers and gently rubbing his knuckles between her fingertips. 
“A bit. Also nervous, which made me stiffen up.” Jonathan sighed as the soreness in his hands receded under Cecilia’s touch. “You can keep doing that as long as you like.” 
“You deserve it.” Cecilia worked her way across his fingers, one by one. “Just imagine how furious they must be with us upstairs.” She chuckled. “I’ll probably hear about it tomorrow, but Katsia likes me too well to listen to the carping of angry old women. Besides, everyone will be so excited to hear we’ve chosen a date for this piece at last. If we start rehearsing as soon as we’re finished with the winter holiday concerts, we should have it ready for a full performance by Easter. That seems appropriate for a work called ‘Messiah’, don’t you think?” 
* * * * *
“Good afternoon, sir.” The proprietor of the stall at the open-air market, her hair a deeper shade of red than Cecilia’s, beamed a practiced smile at Jonathan. “And what might I be able to help you find? A charm, perhaps, to bring to a special someone tonight?” 
“Am I that obvious?” Jonathan chuckled. “Though I suppose the date has something to do with it. Yes, that’s what I’m after. I was drawn over by these little creatures here.” He indicated the tiny, translucent animals which lay nestled in beds of crumpled paper, artfully arranged to show off the brilliant colors to their best advantage. “They look like glass, but how would you make something so delicate with such a brittle material?” 
“First, sir, let me say you have excellent taste.” The merchant nodded firmly. “These fine beauties are created with torchwork, a fixed flame and rods of colored glass melted into place bit by bit. I have a husband and wife artisan team who make them for me. If you wish to see it done, Madame Gigi intends to be here tomorrow, to demonstrate her art in person. But for today…” She picked up a tiny bird, its glossy feathers done in shades of blue and bronze. “Tell me a bit about your young lady, so I can guide you in making the best selection.” 
“She works at the palace, in service to one of the princesses.” Jonathan smiled, recalling his first glimpse of Cecilia across the gallery. “She looks like she was sculpted from rose gold and copper, but there’s nothing cold or statue-like about her. Often she wears blue or gray, but I think she said her gown for tonight was black. She bakes the most decadent pastries, she plays and sings like an angel, and I sound like a besotted fool,” he finished with a rueful laugh. “I have no idea how she feels about me, or if this can or will become anything more. All I know is that I can’t stop thinking about her.” 
“I see.” The merchant tapped a finger to her lips. “In that case, may I recommend this piece?” She set the bird back into its nest and scooped up a tiny, sinuous dragon, its scales shimmering with all the colors of the rainbow as she held it out for Jonathan to see. “Your lady will appreciate the compliment to her mistress as well as herself. The dragon, after all, is the symbol of our beloved queen and her family. And with its iridescence, it should complement any color your lady may happen to wear.” 
“Practical as well as beautiful.” Jonathan cupped his hand to receive the little dragon, feeling its slight weight in his palm. “How much?”
The merchant quoted a price. Jonathan whistled under his breath. “That’s a bit steep,” he said, but did not relinquish the tiny bauble. “Does that include a chain to wear it on? I won’t need one.” 
“Ah, in that case…” The merchant smiled and settled back on her stool for a good session of bargaining. 
A few minutes later, hands were shaken on a price lower than the initial quote, still slightly higher than Jonathan had intended to pay, but well within the budget he’d allowed himself for this trip to the market. “Let me wrap it for you,” said the merchant, producing another small mound of paper and a miniature bag. “Although you shouldn’t need to worry about it too much. Torchwork is solid glass, so it’s far less susceptible to breakage than something like a bottle.” 
“Unless you’re talking about one of the Brave Traveler’s bottles from the hero tales.” Jonathan watched the merchant’s hands work quickly and deftly, securing the little dragon in its paper armor for the road ahead. “Those never break, no matter what he puts inside them. Boiling or freezing water, live bugs and fish, magical potions of all sorts. Even a princess, once, if you believe the stories.” 
“Which I do.” The merchant slipped the wrapped dragon into its bag and passed it across the counter to Jonathan. “The world is wide and wonderful, and full of many mysterious and magical things. Some of which walk among us right here in Olechna. Good day to you, sir,” she added, looking past Jonathan’s shoulder. “Come to buy, or just to browse?” 
“A bit of both, really.” 
Jonathan turned at the familiar voice and smiled in greeting. “Master Yuri. I didn’t realize you were still here.” 
“Oh, I come and go as I’m needed. But I don’t dare miss Charm Night.” Master Yuri removed his pink-tinted glasses briefly to blot his forehead with a kerchief. “My lady would never let me hear the end of it if I forgot to get her a remembrance on such an important occasion. Do you have anything appropriate, Hannah?” 
“I just might.” The merchant reached under the counter and brought out three tiny glass items. “Take your choice.” 
“Hmm.” Master Yuri frowned as he studied the trio. “Any thoughts, Mr. Brinwald? They’re all appropriate for my lady, I can tell you that,” he added before Jonathan could demur at choosing a gift for a woman he’d never met. “And she’d love any of them. I’m simply interested to get a second opinion, if you will.” 
“Well, in that case.” Jonathan peered at the three little charms the merchant had presented. “The blue gem is pretty, but it’s also very simple,” he said, stirring the six-sided shape with a finger. “One shade, all straight lines. And the shield with the eye of truth is striking in its color contrast, the red against the white, but it’s just a solid slab otherwise. Now this.” He tapped the paper beside the third piece. “This little lyre here, or harp, or whatever you’d call it, with the golden tone to its frame. It’s unbelievable how thin and even the strings are. You almost expect to be able to play it.” 
“Which she can. Though not this one, obviously.” Master Yuri chuckled. “That settles it. The harp it is, Hannah, and keep the change.” A golden coin flipped across the counter, to be neatly snagged out of the air by the merchant’s fingers. “A merry season to you.” 
“The same to you, Yuri, and give Kana my best. And everyone else, of course.” The merchant smiled. “I’d imagine a certain little group is running rampant at this time of year.”
“Don’t even get me started.” Master Yuri groaned. “We’ve had to bar them from touching anything that could possibly hold liquid unless they’re under direct supervision…” 
Jonathan nodded to the merchant, who tapped two fingers to her forehead in response, and stepped away, smiling to himself. “Children,” he murmured. “Olechna seems like a good place for children. Busy, but also safe. Welcoming, but challenging. They certainly wouldn’t grow up thinking the way we do things is the only way anyone has ever done them, anywhere in the world.” 
Moving a bit fast, aren’t we? inquired a snide voice in his head. You’ve been here all of two weeks. How can you be sure this place isn’t a fool’s paradise, gold leaf or even yellow paint over rusted metal and rotten wood? This blessed queen they’re all so fond of could be robbing the country folk blind to keep her city-dwellers happy. Or maybe she levies high taxes on the nobles to pay for the things the peasants want. You’d have no way to know any of that. 
“True, but that could also be the case in any other land I’d want to settle in. And it would be hard to keep a city like this flourishing long-term if you were draining the countryside.” Jonathan stepped into line for a cart selling hot cider, which was doing a brisk business on this chilly day. “Besides,” he said under his breath, so as not to alarm the people around him by talking to himself. “I’ve seen the queen once or twice by now. She’s beautiful, to be certain, but she’s also approaching fifty years old. All the warding spells in the world wouldn’t have kept her alive this long if she were unfair to such a significant fraction of her population as her nobles.” 
Are you sure about that? the voice insisted. Maybe it just took them this long to figure out a way around her protections. Maybe this season is when they’re planning to strike. After all, you’re here. It laughed unpleasantly, the sound ringing against the inside of Jonathan’s ears. And everything you touch goes wrong. Better keep clear of Her Beautiful Majesty, if you like her so much, or you’ll doom her just by your presence. But you won’t, will you? Because to stay away from the queen, you’d have to stay away from—
“Shut up,” Jonathan muttered forcefully, drawing an odd look from the woman behind him in line, and stepped up to the cart, unhooking his wooden mug from his belt and handing it across to the cider vendor. The man filled it with two deft ladlefuls of the steaming mixture and passed it back. 
“Two coppers,” he said, and Jonathan set down the mug to fish out the requested coins and drop them into the vendor’s palm. “Thank you, sir, and a happy Charm Night to you.” 
“You as well.” Jonathan picked up his drink and stepped aside, sipping at it cautiously, so as not to scorch his tongue. You may go and drown yourself in a cesspool, he thought firmly at the voice in his head. I refuse to believe in such puerile things as curses, not when life is finally starting to go right. Nate’s actually made some friends, and for a wonder they don’t encourage him to drink himself silly every time he goes out with them. He frowned, taking another sip of the cider. Though I can’t say I like some of the things I’ve heard them saying about women, or the ‘lesser classes’. Still, his having friends with a few questionable opinions is preferable to his spending every night in our room at the inn with a bottle.    
I hope. 
As for his own life, Jonathan couldn’t recall a time he’d been happier, save for a few seasons in his childhood before his mother had died. Society below stairs at the Vakara Palace was noisy, friendly, and ruthlessly organized, to the point where he’d often found himself dragooned as extra hands for setting up or tearing down events for the nobles and royalty above stairs. He didn’t mind, as this allowed him to observe both worlds closely and see how they interacted, a longtime fascination of his. 
A lot of the visitors look past the servants altogether, but the locals almost never do. They don’t make a big deal of it, or put people on the spot by asking them nosy questions or bothering them while they’re trying to work, but neither do they forget these are fellow human beings. It’s a fine line to walk, and I’ve seldom seen it done better. 
The crowd in its holiday mood ebbed and flowed past Jonathan’s little nook, as many colors of skin and hair and clothing as could be imagined all jostling jovially against one another. The only discernable difference between him and the passers-by was that he was standing still, while they were moving along. 
Which is fine by me. I’ve had my fill of moving along. He took another drink of his cider, appreciating the sharp tang of the spice it had been mulled with. Not that I want to root in one place and never move again at all, but a little more rest than I’ve had these last two years would be appreciated…
High above the city, a clock chimed out the hour, and Jonathan nodded to himself, finishing the cider in three long swallows and dumping the dregs into the piled snow nearby before hooking the mug back onto his belt. Nate said one of his friends was hosting the rest of their crowd at a dinner for tonight. He’ll probably want my help to dress for that. I should start back.  
Suiting action to word, Jonathan made his way through the streets of Laefer to the Dizzy Mouse, dodging aside as he entered the courtyard to avoid a familiar-looking carriage which turned in just behind him. “Hello, my friend!” called out Hassim from the driver’s seat, waving heartily. “A wondrous Charm Night to you!” 
“And to you.” Jonathan went to the horses’ heads to hold them as Hassim brought the carriage to a halt. “Here for my graceless brother?” 
“Graceful or graceless, if he pays, I drive.” Hassim chuckled, climbing down from his perch. “Besides, it gives me a chance to stop here and give everyone their proper due for the day. Pierced coins for the little ones, and a proper charm for my sister, to add to her life string. Ladies keep those to serve as collections of memories,” he explained at Jonathan’s quizzical look. “A charm you give to a sister or a friend, after you place it on them initially for luck, will go onto their life string. But if instead a certain lady does not take off your charm, but wears it about her neck for all to see…” 
“I can only hope.” Jonathan passed the reins to Hassim and ducked inside the doors of the Dizzy Mouse, dodging a small whirlwind of shouting children on their way out. The other item he’d bought, or rather had modified, at the market felt far heavier in his pocket than it ought to. 
“It’s about time you got here,” Nathaniel snapped before Jonathan had fully entered the room. “Where have you been?” 
“Out and about.” Jonathan set his bag down on his bed and started removing his coat. “I had a few things I wanted to buy.” 
“To take to your little girlfriend at the palace?” Nathaniel’s lip curled. “She’s playing you, you know. Stringing you along until you stop being amusing. Then she’ll drop you like a hot stone and move on to the next man in line. They’re all alike.” 
“If that’s what you think, I can’t argue with you.” Jonathan stripped off his gloves. “What were you planning to wear tonight?” 
“The dark gray with the red trim, and make it quick.” Nathaniel glanced at the mirror, then away with a hiss of exhaled breath. “Not that anyone will notice what I wear. You know what their eyes go to. What everyone’s eyes go to. They whisper, and they point, and they stare. Some of them are kind enough to speculate about it quietly. Others don’t bother to keep their voices down.” He paced across the room, twisting the knuckles of one fist against his opposite palm. “And what caused it? Women. Two of them. And you, my darling little brother. Always acting with my best interests at heart, or so you say.” Reaching the opposite wall, he turned, his fist coming up into a ready position. “Well, let me tell you something. If it weren’t for you—” 
Jonathan lifted his head to meet Nathaniel’s furious gaze. “If it weren’t for me, you’d probably be safe at home now,” he said softly. “Trust me. I know that.” 
“Oh, damn it all to hell.” Nathaniel pivoted and drove his fist into the wall instead, causing a solid thump and a slight shower of dust but no other obvious effects. “You could at least have the decency to fight back every once in a while. Instead you stare at me with those kicked-puppy eyes of yours and take all the blame on yourself.” 
“Why not? That’s where it belongs.” Jonathan went to the trunk in the corner to retrieve the outfit Nathaniel had mentioned. “If I’d never butted into your affairs, none of this would have happened, to either of us. Or to Agnes.” 
“Saints in heaven, Agnes.” Nathaniel ran a hand across his face, sinking into the nearest chair. “I hope she found somewhere to go. Someone to help her. I’ve prayed about that one, though given how much I’ve cursed God on my own behalf, I doubt He was listening to anything else I had to say.” He sighed heavily, staring at the dent in the wall where his fist had impacted it. “It’s not your fault, Jon,” he said after several seconds. “No matter what I say when I’m angry, it’s not. You may have started things off by bringing me together with Agnes, but that doesn’t make you responsible for everything that happened after that point.” He laughed once, humorlessly. “Now her mother, on the other hand…” 
“Her mother twisted what happened between you to match her own skewed view of the world, and responded in kind.” Jonathan draped the dark gray suit across Nathaniel’s bed, along with one of the crisp white shirts he’d ironed that morning. And I know, in my head, that I didn’t cause what happened, but that doesn’t stop me from feeling like slime. Especially at moments like this, when Nate’s hurting and there’s nothing I can do to help him. 
Or is there? 
“Got you something while I was out,” he said without lifting his head from inspecting the suit jacket’s front. “Well, had it altered, really. I had what was needed for it already.” 
“Oh?” Nathaniel looked up, distracted from his brooding mood as Jonathan had hoped. “What might that be?” 
“Here you go.” Jonathan dug the item out of his pocket and flipped it across the room. “Happy Charm Night.” 
Nathaniel plucked the coin out of the air, held it up to the light, and began to laugh. “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph. A Pasakan halfpenny. I never thought I’d see one of these again!” He squinted at the hole which had been punched in the center of the coin. “Wait. What is this shaped like?” 
“Think carefully.” Jonathan sat back on his heels, watching his brother’s face. “You’ve seen it every day we’ve been here, though you probably weren’t looking too closely at it most of the time.” 
“Every day.” Nathaniel rubbed his cheek thoughtfully, then paused. “Is this… how did you even find someone who could do this? I know, I know,” he added before Jonathan could say anything. “Magic. Or possibly just a whitesmith with some crazy skill in metal punching. But honestly, Jon. A hole in the shape of a mouse?” 
“I thought it’d make you smile.” Jonathan grinned. “Looks like I was right. Besides, it’s a remembrance of where we are now, to go along with where we came from.” 
“The present and the past, side by side.” Nathaniel tossed the charm in the air and caught it. “Not a bad thing to carry into the future. Meant for my watchchain, I take it?” 
“That seems the most obvious, but the smith said he could easily solder a pin onto it if you’d prefer it as a brooch. Or even a cufflink, though I’d have to come up with a second one then.” Jonathan picked a bit of lint from the jacket’s lapel and moved on to the trousers. “Up to you.” 
“Watchchain it is.” Nathaniel crossed to the dresser and picked up his pocket watch, unhooking it from its silver chain and sliding on the halfpenny before reattaching the timepiece. “But now I feel rude. I don’t have anything for you.” 
“If you please, master.” Jonathan hunched his shoulders and peered at Nathaniel with an outrageously servile attitude. “Could I perhaps have a portion of the evening to myself, while you’re off disporting with the fine nobility and gentry? Your humble servant would surely consider those few hours enough of a gift, and more than enough…” 
“That is absolutely more than enough from you.” Nathaniel scooped up a pillow from his bed and thumped Jonathan on the arm with it, laughing. “Why are you ridiculous?” 
“So many answers to that question, and most of them will make you hit me again.” Jonathan pushed himself to his feet. “But seriously. As long as you don’t mind my going out, I don’t care if you get me something. I don’t wear much in the way of jewelry anyway.” 
“You haven’t, in the past.” Nathaniel cast a meaningful glance at Jonathan’s hands. “That could always change. Just… be careful, Jon,” he finished, his face unwontedly sober. “Make sure she’s not hiding anything before you give your heart away. I don’t want you to get hurt.” 
And you claimed you didn’t have anything to give me. Jonathan scooped up the suit jacket and shook it out to keep Nate from seeing the sappy smile on his face. “Don’t worry about me,” he said. “I know what I’m doing.” Expression under control, he turned back. “Which is, getting you looking your best to have a night out with your friends. Were you going to wear a tie with this, or no?” 
  
Part Three 

“So what shall we talk about, while we work?” Cecilia inquired, her hands busy on the five colors of string she was braiding together. “The weather, or our musical selections for tomorrow’s concert, or perhaps the flavor of jam I should put inside my thumbprint cookies for the masked ball next week?” 
“Such scintillating choices.” Jonathan laid out his own four colors of string, white, green, violet, and red. “Would you mind if I brought up a topic of my own?” 
“So long as it is unexceptional, good sir. We are in company, after all.” Cecilia nodded at the myriad of small tables which had been set up throughout the servants’ hall, allowing people to gather in little groups and talk while they worked, some with knives and wood, others with paints and brushes, still others with yarn and needles or sweet-smelling dried grass. “What is it you wish to discuss?” 
“For one, why you’re so silly tonight. Or is it just because you’re you?” Jonathan crossed the white string across the green and violet, then the red string across the violet and white. “But no, it’s actually something that’s been on my mind for a little while now, ever since the storytelling evening. A few of the characters people brought into things weren’t very familiar to me. I thought maybe you could tell me who they are.” 
“Most likely I can.” Cecilia tugged her white and black strings tighter where they looped around her green, blue, and red. “Who was it you didn’t know?” 
“The Guiding Star, they called him. I gathered he was royalty, that he had a magical sword, and that he went on a quest to save the world from evil, but other than that…” Jonathan shrugged. “I’ve heard that title once or twice, but never any real details. Just that it was the name of a legendary hero native to these parts.” 
“To Berudo, if you want to be precise. But Prince Haru is more than just a legend.” Cecilia’s fingers never stopped working as she spoke. “Not only is his existence a matter of historic record, but the Berudan royal family of today can trace their ancestry to him. The sword one of them traditionally carries, the Star’s Edge, is said to be the same one he wielded long ago. As for saving the world from evil…” She shrugged. “That’s where legends come into play. After so long, it’s hard to tell what’s fact and what’s fiction, and the stories don’t all agree on what he did or how he accomplished it. They do agree about what he was like, though. Determined and self-contained, an easy leader to trust, but sometimes too trusting himself.” 
“Nobody’s perfect, hero or not.” Jonathan tightened his own braid against the little clip which held it to the table. “What about the Tiger’s Cub? Noble instead of royal this time, and with a father who was also famous, but that’s all I could pick up.” 
“Lord Yuri Highwell.” Cecilia smiled. “He did exist, but not much can be verified about his life and times. Still, he’s a popular hero both here in Olechna and in Tonadel, where he lived. A great many little boys in both countries end up named after him, especially if they have red hair and the impulsiveness that goes with it. But his tale isn’t just one of youth and recklessness. Where his father, the Fierce Tiger, carried a blade named the Sword of Rending, Lord Yuri’s blade is called the Sword of Mending, and that was always his greatest concern. To help people and make the world a better place.” 
“I like the contrast.” Jonathan nodded. “All right, one more for good measure. Who is the Glorious Swordsman of Lore?” 
“No historical record at all for Master Caius, but plenty of legends. Thus, the final part of his title.” Cecilia exchanged white for green and continued braiding. “He’s said to have been the son of a mercenary leader, who lent his strength and that of his soldiers to what he considered the proper side of a few different wars. Plain-spoken and blunt, but a skilled and powerful warrior, always seeking to protect his friends and those who couldn’t protect themselves.” 
“Sounds like my kind of man.” Jonathan glanced up, imagining he could see through stone and wood to the skies above. “Most of our constellations are named after famous heroes back in Pasaka. Do you do that here?” 
“Oh, yes. I could show you all three of those, if you like, and you can tell me what you call them instead.” Cecilia glanced up at him with a smile. “And then we can argue over whose names are more accurate. That’s always fun.” 
“You think arguments are fun?” Jonathan shook his head. “What part of shouting at each other and breeding bad feelings is fun?”
“The part where no one really means the shouting, and all the bad feelings are for show.” Cecilia set down her strings for a moment to reach across and lay a hand on Jonathan’s wrist. “I’m sorry. You haven’t had much experience with that sort of argument, have you?” 
“Maybe a long time ago, when Nate and I were boys. We’d spar about whether breakfast or dinner was the more important meal, or whether dogs or cats were more useful. By which, of course, we always meant which one we liked more. But now it seems like any time we argue, it takes that darker turn and we end up hurting each other.” Jonathan sighed. “I wish I knew why that was.”  
“Perhaps it’s because your brother trusts you so much.” Cecilia squeezed Jonathan’s hand gently. “You’ve always been there for him, and he knows you always will be, no matter what he says or does. Which isn’t very fair to you, but it’s a compliment in a deeply irritating way.” 
“Irritating compliments. Sounds about right for me and Nate.” Jonathan turned his hand over to close his fingers around Cecilia’s. “I have to say that’s a little uncanny. How do you do it? Read the underlying currents of relationships when you haven’t even met one of the people involved?” 
“Practice, I guess.” Cecilia shrugged. “I’ve always been interested in why people do what they do, and living in a palace gives me a lot of opportunities to study and observe. Though of course I’m uncanny,” she added, drawing her hand away as though offended. “How dare you suggest I would use preserved food while cooking for our Queen?” 
Jonathan groaned. “Even for you, that’s awful.” 
“Thank you, thank you.” Cecilia sketched a seated bow and blew him a kiss before returning to her braid. “I’m here all week. But speaking of weeks, I’ve been exercising my observational talents on you for this last one. Trying to work out what sort of charm you’d like best for tonight. Do you want to see if I got it right?” 
“Absolutely.” Jonathan resumed his own work with the strings, though not without a moment of regret. He’d always thought the descriptions in romantic tales exaggerated, but the touch of Cecilia’s fingers did indeed send a tingle down his spine. 
And not because her hands are cold, either! 
“Very well.” Cecilia dipped into her pocket and withdrew a small figure made from glazed ceramic. “Here you are.” 
“A little cat.” Jonathan reached out to stroke tiny pointed ears. “Good way to start. Not that I have anything against dogs, mind you, but I admire how cats live life on their own terms, and keep themselves and their surroundings clean and tidy while they do it. But why is it holding one paw up in the air like that?” 
“A waving cat is said to bring good luck.” Cecilia mimicked the pose with her hand. “Usually they’re painted black or gray, but I thought you might want a more cheerful color.” 
“And orange definitely qualifies as cheerful.” Jonathan graced Cecilia with a seated bow. “Madam, I congratulate you. Your observational studies have not led you wrong. May I assume you would like me to reciprocate?” 
“Now who’s being silly?” Cecilia laughed. “Yes, I’d love to see what you found. We do have some wonderful things in the markets here, don’t we?” 
“From all corners of the world, not that it has corners, strictly speaking. But this seems to be homegrown.” Jonathan extracted the little dragon in its paper cocoon from his pocket and slid it across to Cecilia. “Careful unwrapping it,” he cautioned. “It’s lighter than you think.” 
“What could it be?” Cecilia tore delicately through the paper, then went very still. “Oh, Jonathan,” she said softly, gazing down at the graceful figure in her palm. “This is beautiful. It almost looks like… well, never mind that. The point is, it’s perfect.” She stroked the iridescent glass with reverence. “And you claimed I was uncanny.” 
“I did have help picking it out,” Jonathan admitted. “But I’m glad you like it. It reminded me of you in a lot of ways. Seemingly fragile but far stronger than it appears, and so striking that people can’t help but look and admire.” 
Cecilia sniffed. “Now you’re just flattering me.” 
“It’s only flattery if it’s not true,” Jonathan riposted, and grinned to see Cecilia’s cheeks redden. “With that out of the way, why don’t you tell me a story or two about these local heroes of yours? I’ll trade you tale for tale, if you like. The Brave Traveler and the Princess of Wisdom have plenty to choose from, or there’s always the Armored Huntress and her dark nemesis.” 
“Dark nemesis?” Cecilia frowned. “I don’t believe I know that part of her saga. Why don’t you start there?” 
“All right.” Jonathan measured the length of his braid with a finger before continuing his work. “Once upon a time, a heroine brave and bold answered a call for help from one of her allies, as she had done many times before. But unbeknownst to her, this time the call was bait for a trap. An enemy she had once defeated had regained his strength and sworn revenge, determined to break her spirit and destroy her…” 
The trials of the Huntress, as she fought through many dangers to recover the pieces of her magical armor from enemies old and new, gave way to the first journey of the Guiding Star, in which he set out to rescue his sister and save his kingdom with the help of his many friends. The Brave Traveler raced against time to destroy the influence of evil and save the land from certain doom, while the Glorious Swordsman defended the persecuted and pursued from their powerful enemies. Jonathan was about to begin his third story, that of Simon the shapeshifter, when Cecilia knotted off her braid and held it up. 
“Will this be long enough for you?” she asked, looping it back on itself. “If you want to wear it as a necklace, I mean.” 
“It should be.” Jonathan nodded. “What about mine?” 
“Let me see.” Cecilia placed her hand against the braid, moving it down twice, then smiled. “Three and a half lengths. Perfect. So now, for the actual charming of the charms.” She rubbed her fingers together. “I’m assuming you’d like me to enchant both of ours? And if there’s a particular spell I can’t work, we have plenty of other mages on hand.” 
“I wouldn’t know a spell from a spelling bee, so I’ll leave that determination to you.” Jonathan tied his threads together, finishing off the braid. “What sort of wishes do people generally put into these charms?” 
“Good luck is a common one. Friendship as well, though a charm like this obviously won’t force anyone to be friendly. Not only is that wrong, it’s illegal, with our laws against magical compulsions written as strongly as they are. It works more as a gentle reminder, that your friends are a treasure and you should treat them well.” Cecilia laughed under her breath. “Sometimes people send silly little messages by what they put into their charms. Like a spell to encourage thinking before speaking when their friend always blurts out things she shouldn’t, or an especial ward against burning for someone like me, who works with hot ovens all the time.” 
“I like the sound of the friendship charm. Not that I think you need reminding, but better friendship seems like a good wish to make with a new year coming.” Jonathan picked up the little dragon and slid his braid through the two loops on its body designed for such a purpose, suspending it from the cord. “What about you? What are you wishing for me?” 
“Ah, ah, ah.” Cecilia wagged her finger. “If I tell my wish, it won’t come true. You’ll just have to trust me on this one.” 
“I suppose I shouldn’t look a gift cat in the mouth.” Jonathan chuckled at Cecilia’s groan. “What can I say, my lady? You inspire me.” 
And that goes for more than just silly wordplay. He sat back, watching Cecilia pick up the cat charm and cradle it in her hands, whispering to it. A spell tome lay open on the table nearby, and she referred to it occasionally, but for the most part she seemed lost in her own world, in which only she and the charm existed. You make me want to do something very impressive, so you’ll look at me like that. But at the same time, I don’t want to take any risks at all, because that might mean I would never see you again. 
“Of course, that may still happen, with no risk-taking on my part,” he murmured aloud, confident Cecilia wouldn’t notice his words. “If Nate quarrels with these new friends of his, or decides he doesn’t like Olechna so well after all, and wants to keep traveling after the holidays are done, I’ll have to go with him.” 
“Talking to yourself?” asked Valeria, slipping into a seat beside him at the table. “That’s a sign of insanity, you know. But then, we’re all mad here.” She grinned at him, nodding towards Cecilia. “That one, in particular. She gets it from her dad’s side of the family.”
“Yes, she’s told me a story or two about him. How dramatic he tends to be, claiming his magic is surging out of control and giving all his spells grandiose titles.” Jonathan laughed once. “It’s nice to know I’m not the only person with relations I might prefer not to acknowledge.” 
“That brother of yours.” Valeria’s tone made the words a statement, rather than a question. “You may want to warn him off the crowd I’ve seen him with lately. Young nobles and rich gentry who spend all their time whining about how hard their lives are, and finding other people to blame for it. They’re riding for a fall, especially if they try to put some of their principles into practice. I wouldn’t want to see him dragged into something he never intended to be part of.” 
“I appreciate that.” Jonathan sighed. “Unfortunately, that doesn’t make things better for me. The easiest way to separate them would be for us to simply move on to another land, the way we’ve been doing these last two years. And it’s not like I can stay behind without him.” He raised a hand to his right cheek, laying his fingers against his scars. “I owe him too much for that.” 
“But how much are you going to end up resenting him, if you walk away from what you have here just to keep him safe?” Valeria leaned her elbow on the table, rubbing her thumb against a worn gold ring on her finger. “I’m not going to try telling you what you should or shouldn’t do. That’s a fool’s game. What I will say is that I’ve known Cecy all her life, and she may put a good face on it, but she’s always felt a little out of place wherever she is. Since she met you, that’s changed. She seems more confident, more able to be herself.” 
“Not making my decision any easier, are you?” Jonathan leaned back in his chair as bright specks of light began to congregate around the cat charm in Cecilia’s hand. “But I’m not going to borrow trouble. Nothing’s happened yet, and for all we know nothing will ever happen. Maybe these young nobles of yours will realize how good they have it and turn their attention to something more productive.” He smiled one-sidedly. “Or maybe Nate’s friendships with them will break off naturally, once this little grace period of ours is over and we have to settle down to earning our own livings. Most nobles I’ve ever met are allergic to honest work.”
The flash of light from Cecilia’s side of the table seemed to startle Valeria more than Jonathan would have expected, as she was seized with a choking fit. “Fine,” she wheezed, holding up a hand to keep Jonathan where he was. “I’m fine. Just… swallowed wrong…” After a few more seconds of painful-sounding breathing, she got it under control and leaned back in her chair. “Sorry about that. Didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Hello, Val.” Cecilia blinked at her friend, setting down the little cat to pick up the iridescent glass dragon. “When did you get here?”
“Been here a little while. Was just leaving, actually.” Valeria looked from Jonathan to Cecilia and back again. “Good luck, you two,” she said, standing up. “You may need it.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Jonathan asked as Valeria threaded her way across the room.
“Who knows.” Cecilia shrugged. “She’s always been cryptic. Of course, she can tell things most people can’t. Her nose knows, as they say.” She laughed a little, standing up to circle the table. “Now hold still. It’s tradition for the giver of the charm to put it on the recipient for the first time.”
“Just don’t choke me.” Jonathan sat still in his chair, feeling the light wafts of air past his neck as Cecilia laid the cat charm on its braided cord across his shoulders. The scent of her drifted past him, plain soap and clean skin coupled with the warm and heady spices that flavored her baking.
At least now, if I do have to travel on, I’ll always have a piece of Olechna with me. A memory of Cecilia, to carry wherever I go. Jonathan laid a finger against the little cat, feeling the ceramic warm under his touch. I’d prefer the actuality to the memory, but I’ve known since I was eight years old that you don’t always get what you want in life. 
“And done.” Cecilia stepped back. “Now I’ll enchant yours, and then you can put it on me.” She returned to her seat, smiling ruefully. “I’m sorry. It must be terribly boring for you to just sit and watch me work.”
“Actually, it’s not.” Jonathan picked up the little dragon on its cord and passed it across to Cecilia. “I’ve never seen magic done at close range before. But I’ll be quiet now, so I don’t distract you.”
“No, for this one, we can talk.” Cecilia turned over a section of pages in her spell tome, then began sketching shapes over the dragon with her fingers. “It’s a simpler casting than yours, and one I’ve done before. Think of it like the difference between making a fancy layered fruit tart and a basic batch of cookies.”
“All right. In that case, I do have a question.” Jonathan checked the back of his neck and found the cord tied in a simple knot there, one he could easily undo if necessary, though he suspected he wouldn’t take this charm off very often. “You mentioned magical compulsions. I’ve heard of that in stories, but does this mean it’s really possible? Taking over someone’s mind with magic, forcing them to do something they wouldn’t otherwise do?”
“Possible, yes, but not easy.” Cecilia twirled her finger three times clockwise over the dragon, then two times counterclockwise. “Most people have natural defenses against compulsion spells, simply because the average human mind is full of little voices urging us to do things we know we shouldn’t do. If we’ve lived long enough to grow up, we’ve generally learned to ignore those voices, or argue with them until they stop, or channel them into doing something more socially acceptable. But the same things that lower our inhibitions also make us more susceptible to compulsion.”
“So being tired, or ill, or drunk.” Jonathan stroked a finger along the upraised paw of his little cat. “Maybe overexcited or angry. If you got someone into any of those states, it would probably be much simpler to control them, because they might mistake the ‘little voice’ of the spell for something they naturally hear inside their own head. All the more so if you could set up your compulsion to seem like it was something they wanted to do anyway.”
“You catch on quickly.” Cecilia nodded, exchanging which hand held the dragon so that she could gesture with the other. “But there’s one very ugly nuance of compulsion magics. If you’re related to someone, or if you can make them like you and want to please you, then they also become much easier to compel. Horrible, but effective, so long as you have no moral scruples whatsoever.” 
“Which, sadly, some people don’t.” Jonathan hooked his hands behind his head, stretching. “But this is why we have laws. So that anyone who won’t be stopped by the simple knowledge that something is wrong to do might be deterred by the possibility of being caught and punished. It doesn’t always work, but it’s the best we have in an imperfect world.”
“Agreed.” Cecilia placed her fingers together, tip to tip, forming a loose cage with the little dragon inside. “And here in Olechna, our laws against compulsion magics are even stronger than those of our neighbors, because of the way Queen Leah’s war ended, back when she was crown princess. I won’t explain all that now, but we can go to the library to look up the histories some afternoon if you’d like to know more about it.” 
“I always want to know more. Although given the current area of discussion, I may regret saying that.” Jonathan shuddered briefly. “New topic. Cookies. I like cookies. Are thumbprint cookies what they sound like? You put your thumb in them to make a dent, then fill it with something tasty?”
“That is exactly what they are, and you’ll get a chance to taste mine, assuming you’re coming to the masquerade ball on Midwinter’s Night.” Cecilia blew into her cupped hands, sparking a rainbow-colored burst of light. “There’ll be all sorts of tasty treats, and everyone dances with everyone else, and at midnight the Queen gives her Midwinter address. All you need to get in is some form of mask or disguise, and to pass through the spells which detect if you want to cause harm to Her Majesty or the other royals.” She chuckled. “We couldn’t set them to exclude anyone who intends any harm at all, or no one would ever be able to get in!” 
“I think I can handle those incredibly taxing requirements.” Jonathan sighed dramatically, resting his elbows on the table and sinking his chin into his hands. “Though it’s going to take all my time for the next few days to come up with something that will satisfy them. I might not be able to visit as much.”
“Oh, no!” Cecilia leaned back in her chair, laying her fingers delicately on her forehead. “Having seduced me, you now plan to abandon me! I think I may faint from this revelation of your perfidy, sir!”
Jonathan snorted a laugh, picking up the little dragon from the spot on the table where Cecilia had set it down and getting to his feet. “You will have a hard time proving seduction, madam, given that we haven’t been alone together for more than ten minutes at any point.”
“You mean it takes more than ten minutes?” Cecilia fluttered her eyelashes at him. “Please, sir, I am but an innocent maiden, lacking all knowledge of the arts of love.”
“Maiden you may be, innocent you’re not,” Phoebe called from two tables over. “Not since that time when we were twelve and we decided we’d go take a peek at—”
“Shut up, Phoebe,” three voices chimed in from various corners of the room.
“Aww.” Phoebe slumped in her chair. “I never get to tell the good stories!” 
Amid the general laughter, Jonathan stepped up behind Cecilia and draped the dragon charm around her neck, suppressing his little shiver of pleasure as his fingers brushed her skin. “Happy Charm Night, Miss Vecher,” he said quietly, bending slightly so that he could more easily tie the two ends of the cord together. “And many more to come.”
“Why, thank you, Mr. Brinwald.” Cecilia half-turned in her chair, smiling up at him. “The very same to you.” 
For a moment, the world stopped. Cecilia’s face, temptingly close, was all that Jonathan could see. If he leaned forward just a trifle more, turned his head to the proper angle, slid his hand upwards from where it rested against her shoulder—
“Now this,” Cecilia murmured so low he could barely hear it. “This could count as seduction.” 
“Not quite yet.” Jonathan was surprised he could speak at all. “Not until I do this.” 
Threading his fingers into her hair, he bent down and kissed her, and her arm slipped about his neck as though that were where it had always belonged. His heart gave one great bound, then settled into place, and he could have sworn he felt his tiny cat purring against his chest. 
I do believe this is what they call ‘falling in love’. 
Now I just need to hope I don’t break anything irreparable on the way down… 
* * * * *
The stars glimmered bright overhead as Jonathan walked back towards the Dizzy Mouse with Cecilia beside him, the warmth of her presence wrapping around him and shielding him from the cold. He’d had only one cup of the potent punch mixed for the charm-making party, but he felt as exhilarated as though he’d drained the entire bowl by himself. 
This shouldn’t be happening, nagged the snide voice in the back of his mind. Not to you. Remember how your life works? Any time you try to do good, bad things happen because of it, and that goes double if you’re trying to get something for your own miserable self. Cut this off now, quick and clean, and maybe you can keep from causing too much more pain by the sheer fact of your disgusting existence… 
“Don’t do that.” 
Cecilia’s soft voice startled Jonathan back to the reality of the snowy, starlit street. “Do what?” he asked, turning to face her. 
“You get this little crease, right here, when you’re letting your thoughts run away with you.” Cecilia laid her fingers on the center of Jonathan’s forehead. “Though maybe ‘letting’ is the wrong word. I doubt they wait for permission before trampling you into the ground.”  
“They don’t. But it’s nothing you need to worry about. I’ve always been like this.” Jonathan shrugged. “Making mountains out of molehills, my mother used to call it.” 
“Not a bad analogy, if you imagine yourself shrinking down until you’re the size of an ant and just as vulnerable.” Cecilia let her fingers trail along the side of Jonathan’s face. “Bullies don’t only exist in the world around us. They can live in our own minds and hearts as well.” Rising to her tiptoes, she kissed him gently on each cheek, then brushed a kiss onto her fingertips and laid it on his forehead. “May the heroes of the stars watch over you and guard you from harm, within and without, waking and sleeping, tonight and all the days and nights of your life.” 
“Is that what heroes do, once they’re done slaying cruel dragons and conquering evil kings?” Jonathan cast a glance up towards the sky, with the glowing swath of the Road of Light marking one side of its dark expanse. “Watch over people’s thoughts and dreams?” 
“If they’re asked, and if they’re able, then yes.” Cecilia nodded matter-of-factly. “When I was a little girl and I used to have nightmares, my father would tell me the tales of the Tournament of Legends. All the heroes whose stories I liked best, gathered together in one place.” She gestured upwards. “Sparring against each other, to see who would earn the ultimate honor of guarding my dreams at night.” 
Jonathan smiled at the images this brought to his mind. “Did that help?” 
“It did, and does to this day.” Cecilia squeezed his hand. “I still have the occasional bad dream, because even heroes aren’t perfect, but knowing that someone else is on my side makes everything better than it was.” 
“Then I hope the heroes will watch over you too, tonight and always.” Jonathan slid the fingers of his free hand through Cecilia’s hair, and she nudged her head into the caress like a cat. “Be careful walking back. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
“Good night.” 
The rest of the way back to the Dizzy Mouse, Jonathan saw no one else on the streets, but a fresh set of carriage tracks and a single row of footprints marked the otherwise pristine snow in the courtyard when he arrived there. He wasn’t surprised, as the charm-making party and the impromptu story-and-music time afterwards had run far longer than he’d originally expected. 
Now as long as Nate’s in a reasonable mood… 
“There you are,” said Nathaniel, looking up in relief as Jonathan opened the door to their room softly. “Are you all right?” 
“Me? I’m fine.” Jonathan blinked at his brother. “Why wouldn’t I be?” 
“It’s not often you’re out later than I am.” Nathaniel was pronouncing his words with care, but Jonathan sensed none of the dark undertones which often haunted his brother’s drunken moods. “Have a good time? Don’t bother answering,” he added. “I can see it all over you. You’re practically glowing. Especially that.” A finger extended towards Jonathan’s chest. “Bright as a star, that is.” 
“How much wine did you get through at that dinner?” Jonathan removed his coat and hung it on one of the pegs on the wall. “It’s a lucky charm, that’s all. Same sort of thing I gave you.” 
“Not nearly.” Nathaniel eyed Jonathan closely. “You did it, didn’t you? Said something to that girl, or kissed her, or both. Probably both.” 
“You’re not wrong.” Jonathan sat down on his bed to remove his boots. “I’m sorry if you don’t like it, Nate, but I’m not going to stay away from women all my life even if you are.” 
“That’s not what I meant.” Nathaniel waved this point away grandly. “Just… I don’t want you getting hurt, Jon.” He frowned. “Think I said that already today. But it’s still true. Point is, we have to think about the future. About what we want, and what we can do to get it. No risk, no reward. Right?” 
“Right.” Jonathan eyed Nathaniel suspiciously. “What is this about?” 
“I,” said Nathaniel with great importance, drawing himself up straight, “have got an offer. Someone wants me to do a job. And if I pull it off right, it could set us up here for life.” He grinned. “Sound like something you want?” 
“Why, you sneaky son of a gentleman!” Jonathan laughed aloud. “I didn’t know you were looking into that already! What kind of work is it?” 
“Can’t tell you that.” Nathaniel shook his head. “Very hush-hush. It’s a bet, see. Someone bet m’friend Jacob that he couldn’t make a certain thing happen. And by himself, he couldn’t. They’re watching out for him, you know. But they forgot to say he had to do it himself.” He chuckled roundly. “So if I do it for him, it still counts. And he’s said he’ll give me his winnings. He just wants the bragging rights.” 
“That sounds like a good deal.” Jonathan paused, a nagging doubt at the back of his mind. “Hold on a second. It’s not anything illegal, is it? You won’t get in trouble for doing it?” 
“Pfft.” Nathaniel snorted. “You worry too much, Jon. Besides, I already said I would. Can’t back out now. Gentleman’s word of honor. Very important.” 
“If you say so.” Jonathan started undoing his shirt. “Just remember, I don’t want you getting hurt either.” 
“Don’t know why.” Nathaniel turned to stare into the glowing coals of the fire, his tone suddenly bitter. “Can’t be easy for you, being tied down to a wreck like me. You’re a better man than I am, Jon, always have been, always will be.” He picked up the necktie which lay beside him on the bed and ran his fingers across it moodily. “D’you ever wonder if maybe it should’ve been the other way around? You the gentleman, me the little bastard? Would’ve made more sense. You’d’ve been good at handling Father’s estates. I could’ve married Agnes, had a pack of kids, run your stables for you. But that’s not the way it ended up. I don’t understand it.” 
“We don’t get to understand most things in life.” Sliding his arms out of his shirt, Jonathan donned the nightshirt which had been hanging to air across the bottom of his trundle bed, removing the rest of his clothes beneath its cover. “We just live with them. And whichever way around we are, Nate, I’ll always be there for you.” 
“So’ll I.” Nathaniel slung his tie across the corner of his bed and swung his feet up onto it, yawning deeply. “Be there for you, I mean. Won’t let you get hurt, not by anything. That’s a promise, Jon.” He held up his right hand, which would have been more impressive had his fingertips not been outlining abstract sketches in three dimensions. “Hold me to it, would you?” 
“You are not going to remember a single thing about this conversation in the morning.” Jonathan crossed to his brother’s side and extracted the bedcovers from under Nathaniel. “So no, I won’t hold you to it, because it doesn’t count if you’re too drunk to know what you’re saying.” 
“Not that drunk,” Nathaniel muttered, snuggling down against his pillow. “Won’t forget. Not hurt you, not ever…” 
His voice trailed off into a sleepy mumble, and Jonathan shook his head and flipped the covers back up over his brother. “Sleep well, Nate,” he said softly, and on a whim laid his hand against Nathaniel’s forehead. “Heroes guard your dreams.” 
Not that the heroes are going to save him from the headache he’ll have in the morning, but that’s what willow bark and tea were invented for. Returning to his own bed, Jonathan reached up to tap a finger against the wall panel, shutting off the magelight in the ceiling overhead. And at least he was mostly cheerful tonight. When he starts getting angry drunk, he’s scary. I usually come out of those nights with a bruise or two on me, promise or no promise… 
“Things will be better once we’re settled down,” he murmured, sliding between his own sheets and closing his eyes. “I believe that.” 
I have to believe it. 
Because if I stop believing, so will he. 
* * * * *
Nathaniel awakened the next morning with clearer eyes and a steadier hand than usual, though his expression was still troubled as he accepted the usual mug of tea. “What did I do last night?” he asked, sipping at it. 
“Nothing, really. You talked a lot of nonsense, but I’ve heard it all before.” Jonathan seated himself at the table, his own tea in his hand. “Speaking of nonsense. Someone reminded me yesterday there’s a masked ball at the palace on Midwinter’s Night. Open to all comers, so long as they’re wearing disguises. Should we?” 
“Actually, yes.” Nathaniel nodded with care. “I was talking about that last night myself, with Jacob and his friends. That thing I agreed to do for them? They want it to happen at that ball. So I was going to bring it up if you hadn’t. What were you thinking about wearing?” 
“That’s what I wanted to ask.” Jonathan grinned. “Would it help with you pulling off this bet if it looked like there were two of you?” 
* * * * *
“You’re going as Kana the Shadow Warrior? Both of you?” Cecilia clapped her hands. “That should look amazing! If I do say so myself,” she added with a laugh. “I love that story.” 
“So do I, though I had to do a little fast talking to convince Nate. It was quite a surprise for him, the first time we ever read all the way through the tale.” Jonathan pitched his voice to simulate eight-year-old shock and astonishment. “Wait. Kana is a girl?” 
“For him, but not for you?” Cecilia glanced over her shoulder before returning to her search through the bookshelves. It was Midwinter’s Day, an official holiday in the land of Olechna, and as such she and Jonathan had been able to meet earlier than usual, in the library of the palace. “Did you figure it out before then?” 
 “I didn’t know for certain, but it seemed odd to me how Princess Edda dropped out of the story at exactly the same point where Kana popped up. And Tam, the Brave Traveler, was always meeting Kana everywhere that he went on his travels, only Kana got there first. It seemed to me like it would take someone who really loved their land, and knew it backwards and forwards like royalty should, to do that.” Jonathan shrugged. “But maybe I’m just remembering things the way I want to. For all I know, I was as surprised as Nate when we found out the truth.” 
“Or maybe you’re remembering things exactly as they happened. No one’s hurt by it, either way.” Cecilia trotted over to the table, carrying three bulky volumes in her arms. “All right, here they are. A bit dense, I admit, but we don’t have to look through every word. There’s a lot of commentary and philosophical rambling which is, quite frankly, nonsense, and we mostly keep it around to laugh at the lengths to which scholars will go to explain away simple facts which don’t happen to fit with their own views of the world…”
 Two hours later, Jonathan sat back in his chair, his mind whirling in three directions at once. “This is a lot to take in,” he said, gazing down at one of the illustrations on the page. “First off, shapeshifting. I feel like I’m saying this a lot lately, but you can actually do that?” 
“Well, I can’t.” Cecilia laid a hand on her chest. “Nor could you, I don’t think. You have to either be born into one of the shifter tribes or go through this long complicated blood ritual to get adopted in, and that only works in certain cases. And then you have to learn all the proper spells and make a focus for yourself, so you don’t lose your human mind when you take your alternate form.” She frowned in thought. “Though I’ve heard of another way it can be done, with a magical cloak or some other piece of clothing. Still, that’s rare, and limited to certain people.” 
“And blood-bonded shifting isn’t rare?” Jonathan shook his head. “Never mind, don’t tell me. Someone I’ve met here in the palace can change shape.” 
Cecilia cackled gleefully. “Want to guess who it is?” she asked. 
“Maybe another time. My brain hurts.” Jonathan rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Even setting the shapeshifting aside, the whole story feels so fantastic. The world being invaded by evil forces, and ordinary people invoking blessed powers to fight back against them. Though I suppose that happens every day, on some level. A little thing called prayer. It’s just usually not this flashy.” He sighed once. “I did feel sorry for that young battle mage. He wanted so desperately to fulfill his promise and protect the people he loved, and in the end he succeeded, but the only way he could do it was…” 
“I know.” Cecilia covered his hand with her own. “But now you see why our laws are written the way they are. Queen Leah swore that the sacrifice made to end her war would be the last of its kind, and she’s fought all her life, she and her husband, to make that a reality.” 
“Yes, about that.” Jonathan flipped through several pages to find a sketch of the queen and prince-consort on their wedding day. “I’ve seen them a few times. This is what he looks like now. She’s aged, but he hasn’t, not noticeably. Is he just another one of those people you mentioned who never get old?” 
“Funny you should mention it.” Cecilia grinned, pushing a slim volume towards Jonathan, already opened. “Here he is ten years before that.” 
“All right, that’s terrifying.” Jonathan regarded the neatly inked sketch of a strong-featured man with a stern expression, standing head and shoulders taller than the two women who flanked him, laughing. “Also completely unfair. No one should get to look the same for forty years.” Then he frowned, examining the face of one of the women more closely. “Who is this? I don’t think we’ve met, but she seems familiar somehow…” 
He glanced up at Cecilia’s guarded smile, and the pieces fell into place. “This is your grandmother, isn’t it?” he asked, tapping the page. “You said she fought with the Berudan army. These pictures must be from those wars.” 
“They are.” Cecilia stroked a finger along the decided curve of the woman’s jaw. “Sumiko is her name, and her brother, my great-uncle Katsu, drew these pictures. The other lady here is his wife, my great-aunt Asuka.” She sighed a little. “I never got to meet them. They were gone before I was born. But I’ve heard some wonderful stories, from Father and Grandmother and everyone else who did know them. They’ve always been my personal heroes, fighting in the Tournament to guard my dreams right alongside all the legends.” 
“Personal heroes. I like that idea.” Jonathan turned over the pages of the sketchbook, pausing at a drawing of a broad-shouldered man with a blocky, scarred face, his eyes closed in ecstasy as he leaned into the bowing motion of his violoncello. “Your grandfather?” he asked, turning it towards Cecilia. 
“How did you guess?” Cecilia chuckled. “Yes, this is my grandda Mischa. He loves music, fighting, and telling tall tales, and the longer he can string them out, the better he likes them.” 
“I see more than one aspect bred true down the line.” Jonathan continued turning pages, ignoring Cecilia’s indignant sniff. “And who are these little troublemakers?” he asked, stopping on a page which showed a trio of young people just entering the gawky stage of adolescence. The boy, hand on the hilt of his slender sword, seemed to be declaiming a heroic poem to unseen listeners, while the girls sneaked up behind him with a large bucket of water held between them. “Do I detect another resemblance here?” 
“For my sins, as I am reliably informed Grandmother says about him to this day.” Cecilia sighed under her breath. “You are correct. This is my father, and behind him are his cousins. Hikari’s the older one, on the left, and her sister Mizuki on the right.” 
“Hikari and Mizuki. They’re as beautiful as their names.” Jonathan gazed at the faces of the two girls, Hikari with a wicked grin as she glanced towards her cousin, Mizuki concentrating on keeping the water level in the bucket. “Who did they marry? Do you have second cousins?” 
“Who, Queen Mizuki? She married our queen’s brother, back after the wars ended. They’ve got four kids. All really nice, though Mikoto gets a little full of herself sometimes, ever since the royal sword chose her. Aimi can usually bring her down to earth, though.” Phoebe seated herself on the other side of the library table without waiting for an invitation. “Oh, you’re looking at the king’s sketchbook. Isn’t that unfair? Scary good with his sword, had the talent to draw like this, and he was royal.” She sighed deeply. “Some people have all the luck.” 
“Phoebe,” said Cecilia through gritted teeth. “Shut. Up.” 
“No, please don’t, Phoebe.” Jonathan barely recognized the calm and pleasant voice coming from his own lips. “Tell me more. Who exactly was it that drew these pictures?” 
“Um…” Phoebe looked uncertainly from Cecilia to Jonathan and back again. “Well, you know. King Katsuo, who ruled over Berudo before Queen Mizuki, and fought through all those nasty little wars that took a really long time to finally win. Queen Leah’s war was kind of the tail end of that, after he and Queen Asuka beat their enemies so many times that they gave up on Berudo and started attacking us instead. That’s how my mom and Cecy’s dad and a bunch of other people ended up in Olechna in the first place, was Berudo sending fighters to help in the war, because it was the same enemy so they already knew what they were up against.” 
“Fascinating.” Jonathan flipped back to the first page Cecilia had shown him. “And who might these people be?” 
“Well, that’s Uncle there in the middle. Or His Royal Highness, I suppose I ought to call him, but he’s just Uncle to everybody by now.” Phoebe laughed. “We’re so scandalous, aren’t we? And there’s Queen Asuka on his right, and Princess Sumiko on his left. Cecy’s grandmother, you know. If you’ll give me a second to look, I’m sure my grandmother’s in some of these, and probably my mom when she was little too…” 
“Why don’t we look for them another time.” Jonathan closed the book gently, noting with some detachment the title emblazoned in large letters on the cover, The Guardians, sketches by Katsuo Masaru Iwata. “Will you excuse us, Phoebe? We need to… discuss something.” 
“Oh, right. Sorry. Didn’t mean to butt in.” Phoebe jumped to her feet. “See you around. Not at the ball, I’ve got duty, but probably after that. Can’t wait to see what you’ll be wearing!” 
As her pattering steps receded into the distance, Jonathan turned to look at Cecilia, who sat with her head bowed. “So,” he said quietly, astounded at how calm his voice still sounded. “A simple palace baker, are you? Just a touch of magic, and your princess’s favor? I suppose it doesn’t matter to you that you’re the next thing to a princess yourself. A mere bagatelle, not worth mentioning.” 
“Believe it or not, yes!” Cecilia’s head snapped up, her eyes filled with angry tears. “It doesn’t matter, not to me, not to anyone—” 
“Are you insane?” Jonathan’s control over his temper shattered. “You’re royalty, dammit! First cousin once removed to a reigning queen! There are places in this world where I could be whipped or thrown in jail even for speaking to you! Much less for—for—” 
The words stuck in his throat, and he shoved his chair back so hard it slammed into one of the bookshelves. “How long were you planning to spin out this little comedy, Your Highness?” he demanded. “‘The Princess and the Bastard’? Fine title for a play, but it leaves a bit to be desired as a true story!” 
“I am not a princess, and why do you care so much about how you were born?” Cecilia shot to her feet. “So your parents weren’t married to each other? That’s not your fault! What difference can it possibly make—” 
“What difference?” Jonathan laughed, the sound tearing its way out of his throat. “Ask me that when you’ve spent your entire life knowing you shouldn’t exist. That you were a mistake. That you have no right to anything, not even your own name. When the other children around you are allowed, almost encouraged, to taunt you, and torment you, and throw stones at you, until one day—” He cut himself off with a snarl. “God, even now, even now you make me want to talk to you. What was that you were saying about compulsion magics the other night? They come easier if you can get the person to trust you and think well of you?” 
“If you wanted to offend me, you’ve succeeded.” Cecilia’s hands knotted into fists by her sides. “How dare you, sir. I would never pervert my power in such a way.” 
“Oh, no?” Jonathan bared his teeth in what could loosely have been described as a smile. “And yet you seem to have no trouble perverting all the conventions of society. What ending did you have in mind for our little playlet? A mock marriage, maybe? Fob me off with some story about how it’d be better if I lived quietly in the country, have your fine times at court with a proper husband for your rank, and drop by to see me whenever you want to play the merry milkmaid?” 
“That’s rich, coming from you.” Cecilia huffed a humorless laugh of her own. “Do you remember the day we met? When you came trotting in here dressed up in your brother’s best suit, pretending to be something you weren’t? It didn’t seem to trouble your conscience very much when you did it, but when I do it, oh, now, that’s another story, isn’t it?” 
Jonathan hissed between his teeth, his hands clenched so tightly they hurt. “Dressing a part for one day, one afternoon, is a little different than keeping up a lie for weeks on end!” 
“I never lied to you!” Cecilia’s shout was swallowed by the books which surrounded them, mute witnesses to their fight. “Everything you saw of me, everything we did together, that’s who I truly am!” She sat back down, the anger dying away from her face. “I’m just… not always that person,” she said softly. “Sometimes I have to be someone else as well.” 
“A lie of omission is still a lie, Highness. Or is it ‘my lady’? I can never keep that sort of thing straight.” Jonathan stalked over to his chair and returned it with great care to its place at the table. “In either case, I won’t trouble you with my presence any longer. I wish you all the best, certainly, but I do hope you understand why I never want to see you again.” He turned his back. “Goodbye,” he said, and strode away before he could weaken. 
The next several minutes blurred together in Jonathan’s mind, an endless stream of disconnected images, until finally he came to himself sitting on his trundle bed in his room at the Dizzy Mouse. Neither Nathaniel nor his costume was there, which surprised Jonathan for a moment, until he remembered a passing reference that morning to “having some fun beforehand”. 
Probably code for getting drunk together. But what else is new. Moodily, he rose to pace the room. Let him have one more night with his friends. He’ll win whatever bet they’ve got going and collect his prize, and then we’ll pack up and leave. Get far away from here, so far that no one’s ever even heard of this country, or the crazy things that happen there.
Oh God, Cecilia…
“I should have known,” he muttered, picking up the light overblouse emblazoned with the eye of truth and holding it against his chest in front of the mirror. “I should have realized. What the hell is Kana but a goddamned princess in disguise? Not to mention the layers of deception when you add in my wearing the costume. A man pretending to be a woman pretending to be a man, and base-born pretending to be royal pretending to be tribal.” He snorted once. “Sounds pretty stupid, when you say it like that. Just like me. How was I so blind?” 
But it is fitting in one way. Kana never got her happy ending either. Jonathan stared into his own eyes in the mirror. She and Tam managed to defeat the evil wizard who had taken over her kingdom, but each of them stood as a keystone in the magic that locked him away, and the keystones had to be separated or the magic wouldn’t hold. So Kana went back to being Edda and became queen over her realm, and Tam traveled on to seek adventure in other lands, and they never saw each other again…
“God, please.” He dropped to one knee, crumpling in place. “Just… help me endure. I know I deserve it, I deserve everything, but I can’t live like this, and Nate can’t go on without me. For his sake, please, just help me get through it…” 
How long he knelt there, praying, cursing, fighting with his demons, Jonathan never knew. By the time he lifted his head again, dusk had fallen outside. Blotting his face on his sleeve, he started to don the costume and persona of Kana the Shadow Warrior, silent, androgynous, emotionless. Once on the streets of the city, he would be invisible, one among thousands, all playing their roles of heroes or villains to the hilt on this night of revelry and rejoicing.
And like a great many of them, I am going out with one end in mind. To get very drunk, and to stay that way as long as possible.
With any luck, by the time I sober up, I might be a little more used to the pain.
Tucking in the scarf with which the lower half of Kana’s face was traditionally veiled, he left the room, his feet silent in their soft-soled boots.
* * * * *
“Same again?” said the bartender, and Jonathan nodded, sliding another coin across the bar. “Right.” He drew another pint of ale from the cask behind the bar and tipped in a splash of something clear which smelled like paint thinner, but which was already doing a reasonable job of taking the raw edges off Jonathan’s world. “Drink up, Your Highness.” He knuckled his forehead, an ironic compliment to Jonathan’s costume, and moved away to serve another customer further down the bar.
I used to wonder why Nate drank so much, once he’d healed from his injuries and he didn’t need it to blunt the pain. Jonathan separated the layers of his scarf enough to take his first swig from the new mug, shuddering a little as the added kicker seared the back of his throat. Now I’m wondering why he didn’t drink more. If he felt anything like this about Agnes, about being separated from her when she needed him most, I’m astounded I was ever able to get through to him at all. He snorted a bitter laugh, disturbing the light froth on top of his drink. Not that Cecilia needs me, or any man. Beautiful, brilliant, talented, and well-born? She could have the world eating out of her hand.
“Which begs the question,” he muttered, staring into the meaningless patterns of white froth and brown liquid. “What the hell is she doing, playing at being half a servant in a little backwater court in the middle of nowhere? She could have anything, anything she wanted…”
So maybe she wants this. The voice, quiet but strident, would not be denied. Maybe she lives here, and does the things she does, because they make her happy. And maybe, just maybe, all she wanted was to share some of that happiness with—
“Bull’s tits to that.” Jonathan drank deep from his mug, drowning out the treacherous voice. “She knew what she was doing. Or if she didn’t, she should have. That’s not the way the world works. You can’t just wave your hand and change who people are, who they were born to be.” He swirled the remaining ale in his mug, watching it climb the sides in response to his motions. “Rules are rules, and if we go around breaking them just because we don’t like them, then everything falls to pieces.” 
But rules are different from one place to another. The voice was back, and more irritating than ever. You said it yourself, in some lands you’d be thrown in jail for speaking to Cecilia. But you’re not in one of those lands now. Maybe, here, things are even more different than they seem.
“Yes, well, rules may change, but facts don’t.” Jonathan finished his mug in one long drink and set it down on the bar with a thump. “The beautiful princess deserves a proper knight in shining armor, someone to slay her dragons and carry her off to a happily ever after.” 
And I can promise you one thing. Whoever that knight may someday be, it won’t be—
“Mister Brinwald.” The voice was male, rasping, and irritatingly familiar to Jonathan’s ear, as though he had heard it before, perhaps only once, but in a context he should remember well. “What might you be doing here? Weren’t you supposed to be at the palace by now?” 
“Yes, I’m quite sure of it,” seconded another, squeakier voice, and Jonathan stiffened as this new piece of information brought the relevant memory to light. “You ought to be at the palace this very minute!” 
“Now, don’t rush me, gentlemen.” Jonathan tapped the rim of his mug, drawing on his every memory of Nathaniel in a calm and pleasant mood, before turning to face the two men. Neither was well-shaven or well-dressed, and although he had never before seen them clearly, he would have been willing to swear in any court that they were the pair who had accompanied his brother on a drinking binge during their first night in Olechna. 
Which is why I wanted to get him into decent society, so he wouldn’t keep gravitating back to seedy bars and bad company. Not that I’m much better, at the moment, but the point is what are they doing here? Obviously they think I’m Nate, but how do they know where he’s supposed to be right now?
“I think we have a right to rush you, just a little.” The first man, taller, thinner, tapped his fingers against his opposite arm nervously. “If you don’t do your part, we don’t get paid for the work we did. Finding the mages, getting the spell set up, all of that business.”
“It’s costly stuff, magic work,” chimed in the second man, short and rotund with a habit of glancing about the room every few seconds. “And you know nobles. If this job doesn’t go just exactly right, we’ll never see a copper of that money we were promised, not any of us.”
“Remind me.” Jonathan did his best to mimic Nathaniel’s manner, leaning forward just a bit on his stool. “What was the spell for, again? What was it meant to do?”
“Gods alive, Brinwald, how could you forget?” The first man threw his hands into the air. “It’s only the central point of this whole thing!” 
“It’ll get you past those wards they’ve got set up, there at the palace.” The second man cackled. “Into the palace to do what needs doing, and then we’re sitting pretty for life.”  
“But you’ve got to do it first, and do it right.” The first man prodded Jonathan in the chest. “No half-measures, now. You swore you wouldn’t hesitate, and I can’t blame you. Not after the way you’ve been wronged in the past. Touching story, that.” 
“Er, well.” The second man fidgeted in place. “Have to say you didn’t quite like it at first. But once the nobles bought another round or two of drinks, and explained things all proper-like, then you were all for it. Don’t you recall that?” 
“For the sake of argument, let us say I don’t.” Jonathan slid off the stool, sending both men a step back. “In plain speaking, gentlemen, what is it you expect me to do for you?” 
His stomach clenched as the two men fidgeted in place, refusing to look directly at him. “Come on, now,” muttered the first man. “You don’t expect us to say it right out, do you? Not in public?” 
“Lock us up, they would,” the second man whined. “You can’t just go around threatening important people, and they don’t come much importanter than her.” 
Someone important, a woman. And the wards at the palace— 
Jonathan froze in place as the full import of the words crashed down on him. No. God, Nate, no. You can’t do this—I can’t let you do this—
“Move,” he said, and shoved between the men to make for the door. The room tilted once, but stayed mostly upright, and then he was on the street, pushing past people, running as often as the jubilant crowds would give him space. Fear quickened his heart and his breath, sharpened his perceptions, chilled his hands and feet even more than the freezing cold of the outdoors. 
I have to stop him. I have to get there and stop him. If I don’t—if he goes through with this, whatever he thinks he’s doing— 
Jonathan swore aloud as a group of revelers more drunk than most blocked his path. “You cannot have the entire pavement to yourselves,” he snapped at them, clambering up onto a snow pile to pass by. “Midwinter’s Night or not, show some manners!” 
“Manners, you say?” called a voice from the street, and a carriage drew up beside him. “Perhaps you ask for too much, my friend. For so I think you are, under that scarf?” Hassim, dressed in a long robe with a comedically large scimitar at his belt, peered at Jonathan. “You look troubled. Is something the matter?” 
“I have to get to the palace.” Jonathan cast a despairing glance up and down the street, packed with merrymakers. “It could be life and death. I think it is. But—” 
“But nothing.” Hassim gestured to the back of the carriage. “Jump up, and hold on.” Reaching under his seat, he produced a small box with a truncated cone mounted to its top. “This helps clear the way when I take healers to sick people. It should do the same for you.” 
“Bless you.” Jonathan leapt up to the footman’s perch. “But what does it—” 
Hassim pressed a button on the box, and a piercing wail like the cry of a ten-foot baby filled the air. People shrieked, gasped, covered their ears, but like magic a lane appeared in the center of the street, those native to Olechna shepherding the visitors towards the snow piles. Slapping the reins on the backs of the horses, Hassim jolted the carriage into motion. Jonathan clung to the handles and prayed. 
Please, God, just let me be in time. Let me get there in time. Whatever’s wrong with Nate, whatever’s driving him to this, I can break him out of it if I can just get there in time…
A wheel lifted off the ground on several occasions as Hassim took a corner without slacking speed, but Jonathan made sure to throw his weight against the tilt, and the carriage remained upright until it skidded to a halt outside the palace walls, the terrifying wail dying away to nothingness. “A door, just here,” said Hassim, jumping down and knocking. “We use it for… discreet deliveries. You understand.” 
Much to Jonathan’s relief, the face on the other side of the door was one he recognized. “Masa,” he said urgently, pulling his scarf down to reveal his face to the young groom. “I have to get into the ball. What’s the fastest way?” 
“There’s a side door, it’d bypass the wait at the front, but…” Masa wavered visibly. “Gods, Jonathan, I can’t just pass you through. I know you, I know you don’t mean any harm, but if something happens and they find out I didn’t send you around to go under the wards—” 
“I’ll take responsibility,” a new voice broke in, and Jonathan and Masa both whipped around. Phoebe, very pale over the collar of her dress uniform, nodded once at Jonathan. “I think I understand,” she said softly. “Someone else came in, I thought at first he was you, but he never looked at me and he didn’t feel quite right…”  
“My brother. Something’s gone wrong. I have to find him.” Jonathan followed Phoebe through the stables, nodding thanks to Masa as they passed him, then looked up at the expanse of the palace as they exited into the courtyard and felt his heart sink. “But dear God, he could be anywhere by now, and I’ve got no way to track him down…”
“Got you covered.” Phoebe stuck two fingers into her mouth and whistled shrilly. A shaggy, four-legged figure bounded out of the shadows and to her side, looking up at her with eyes more intelligent than Jonathan would have expected, even for such a large dog. 
And I’ve seen those brown curls somewhere before… 
“Val, did you hear that?” Phoebe asked, and the dog nodded sharply, then turned to sniff at Jonathan, pausing briefly to wink at him and drop her jaw in a canine smile. 
Or should that be lupine, I wonder. At least that answers who the shapeshifter is. 
“I’ll follow you,” Jonathan said, and Valeria nodded again, racing ahead of Jonathan and Phoebe to a flight of stairs leading up to a small door in the side of the palace. The guard at the door looked startled to see such an oddly assorted trio, but Phoebe gestured for his silence and waved them through. 
“Good luck,” she said, tossing them a salute, before Valeria lifted her nose into the air and began to sniff intently. Jonathan adjusted his scarf, ensuring his anonymity for a little while longer, and schooled himself to stillness and readiness. 
I don’t know what I’ll have to do here tonight. But I know I can’t hesitate. If I do—
Valeria’s soft whuff caught his attention, and he nodded to her, moving out behind her purposeful lope. They passed doorway after doorway, some revealing empty rooms, others full of light and laughter, but Valeria never faltered, leading him along passages which grew steadily broader and grander, until at last she halted outside a particular door and jerked her nose towards it. 
“In there?” Jonathan rubbed his hands against the sides of his soft trousers. “Thanks.” 
Steeling himself, he stepped through the door with assurance, as though certain he would be welcome within. 
At first glance, all was well. Small groups of people in fantastic costumes chattered and mingled, sipping wine and nibbling tiny, fanciful foods. Soft music emerged from one corner (Jonathan recognized two of the musicians even through their costumes) and one or two couples were dancing, smiling into each other’s eyes. And near the rear of the room, sleek in blue and white, slipping up behind a woman with fair hair who wore the deceptively simple rose-colored gown of the Princess of Kindness—
“No!” Jonathan shouted, his voice lost in the general confusion of screams, as Nathaniel lunged forward, striking at his target with the slender blade he’d drawn from a holster in his sleeve. Two guards had bolted forward at his motion, but a sparkling sphere of magic materialized around him at their approach, hurling them backwards as though they’d been thrown. 
What in the hell—no. No time. Jonathan braced himself and sprinted across the room as Nathaniel snarled, balked of his first strike. The woman had twisted out of the way at the last second, meaning the blow meant for her heart had instead raked across her ribs, staining her gown with blood along both sides of the ragged slash. She backed away from him now, shock and pain stamped across her face beneath her mask, raising her hands as though to defend herself—
“Nate! Stop this!” Jonathan struck the barrier which had thrown the guards back, and felt a jolt through his chest which nearly knocked him over, but then he was through. “Listen to me. Stop what you’re doing!” 
“I have to get justice,” Nathaniel snapped back, his voice more muffled than the scarf could account for, his eyes not quite in focus. “I killed her once, but she came back. Disguised herself. Living the good life.” He glared at the woman, who seemed to have fainted, her flaxen hair spilling across her masked face where she lay in a crumpled heap. “She doesn’t deserve it. Have to kill her again.” 
“Nate, you know that’s not true.” Jonathan moved to stand between his brother and the woman. “You never wanted to kill anyone. It almost broke your heart when you realized what you’d done two years ago. Now put the knife down. This can all end peacefully.”
“You want an end?” Nathaniel laughed in scorn. “I’ll give you an end!” 
Tightening his grip on the knife, he charged. Jonathan met him halfway, catching Nathaniel’s arms in one of the holds he’d learned during two years’ worth of bar fights and dragging him around into a tight grasp. “Nate, listen to me,” he hissed into his brother’s ear as Nathaniel thrashed against him like a wild thing, the cat charm on its cord digging into his flesh painfully. “Someone’s lied to you. This isn’t what you think. Come on, Nate, it’s me. It’s Jon.” 
“Jon?” Nathaniel pronounced the name as though it were an unfamiliar word from a language he didn’t know. “Who—what—” 
“Look at me.” Taking a risk, Jonathan loosened his grasp, allowing Nate to half-turn in his arms. Blue eyes met blue, held and clung. “You know me. It’s Jon. And I’m telling you now, Nate. I won’t let you do this. If you want to kill her, you’ll have to go through me.” 
“Go… go through…” Nate was breathing heavily, the knife hanging loose in his grip, but Jonathan didn’t dare release his own hold long enough to get it away. “No. Jon. Can’t.” His gaze shifted to one side, to the motionless woman on the floor. “But have to.” He looked back at Jonathan, his eyes suddenly anguished. “But can’t—” 
Twin flares of light seared across Jonathan’s vision, and a hard blow against his chest sent him reeling backwards, tearing Nathaniel from his grasp. Shrieks, gasps, exclamations filled his ears as he slammed into the far wall, managing by some miracle to keep his feet. “What—” he began groggily, steadying himself against the paneling. “How did—” 
“Stop right there.” A professional set of hands closed around his arms, holding him still. “I’m not sure who you are, but you’re not going anywhere until we get some answers.” 
“No argument.” Jonathan blinked against the afterimages, squinting across the room as his sight began to clear. Two guards knelt beside the crumpled heap that was his brother, and for a breathless instant he feared the worst, until one of them slid her fingers onto Nate’s neck, held them there a moment, and nodded in satisfaction. 
He’s alive. Thank God. Jonathan started to relax, then realized what he hadn’t yet seen. Wait—no—
Slowly, he turned his head to the right. 
A man in half armor, far too well worn to be any mere costume, knelt beside the woman in rose, his strong-featured face marked by silent sorrow. Slowly, he reached out to a nearby drapery which had been dislodged in the fight, and laid it across her with care, shielding her from view. 
No. Oh, God, please, no. 
Jonathan slumped against his captor’s hold, black despair flooding through him. 
He hadn’t been in time after all. 
* * * * *
The brilliant white magelight suspended from the ceiling illuminated every corner of the tiny stone room pitilessly, washing out colors and casting harsh shadows onto the wall and floor beside Jonathan. He sat on a lightweight stool, holding Nathaniel’s hand, as his brother tossed and murmured restlessly on the canvas cot on which he lay. Whatever dreams filled his mind had a firm grip on him, and seemed reluctant to let him go. 
Let him dream. It can’t be worse than reality. 
“The Queen,” he breathed, the words escaping him as bare threads of sound. “You killed the Queen, and I couldn’t stop you. We’ll be lucky if all they do is put us to death! Goddammit, Nate, what were you thinking? How could you possibly have believed—” He cut himself off with a hiss. “No, I know what you believed, and it wasn’t anywhere near the reality. Someone used you, twisted your mind around, took advantage of everything you’ve been through.”
And I never noticed it, because I didn’t want to. Because I was too busy deluding myself that falling in love would magically conjure up a happy ending for everyone. His eyes burned as he gazed helplessly down at his brother. It doesn’t work like that, not for us. Instead we get lives cut short and broken hearts. I should have warned Cecilia, or had the courage to walk away, before I pulled her into whatever curse we carry. 
The door set into the far wall rattled once, and Jonathan got hastily to his feet, schooling his features to calm. Whatever might be coming next, panic and hysteria wouldn’t help his cause. 
Maybe, if I ask, they’d let me see her one last time. Not that she’d agree to come, after everything I threw in her face, but I don’t want to die without at least trying to tell her I’m sorry…
Then the door swung open, and Jonathan stepped back in surprise. Framed in the doorway was the last person he had expected to see. 
“So here you are,” said the young noble Jonathan had confronted in the little drawing room weeks ago, stepping across the threshold as though he were master of all he surveyed. He wore the elaborate armor of the Hundred-Years King, the wizard against whom Kana the Shadow Warrior pitted her wits and her magics. “I saw everything, you know. Such a tragic scene, you trying to coax your master out of his madness, while Her Majesty’s life bled away beside you. If you hadn’t been so tender towards him, perhaps you could have saved her.” He sniffed. “But you’re all alike, you outlanders. You think only of yourselves.” 
“What are you doing here?” Jonathan asked in a low monotone, glancing towards Nathaniel. His brother seemed more agitated now, his movements more restless. “Did you just come to gloat?” 
“There is nothing ‘just’ about gloating.” The noble chuckled. “It is one of life’s purest pleasures. Shame you won’t live long enough to learn that for yourself.” His eyes gleamed. “A servant shares in his master’s guilt, after all. You may try to claim you knew nothing of his plans if you please, but I doubt you will be believed.” 
Jonathan moved to Nathaniel’s side and laid a hand on his shoulder, and Nate quieted, settling back into his fitful slumber. “Say what you came to say and get out,” he said, not taking his gaze from his brother. 
“Really, is that any way to talk to someone who took the time to visit you in prison?” The noble clicked his tongue. “One of the works of mercy your religion thinks so highly of, I believe.” He made a flicking motion, as though dismissing an inconsequential thought. “Don’t get used to it. Whatever the season may call for, I doubt Their Highnesses will feel very merciful towards those who robbed them of their wife and mother.” 
“All I seek is justice.” Jonathan pressed Nathaniel’s shoulder lightly, then turned back towards the noble. “The proper due of any man, according to his actions.” 
“Yes, his actions.” The noble cast a disdainful glance towards Nathaniel. “Tragic as the actions taken tonight may be, I dare to hope that good shall come from them. In a way, you should feel proud, Master Brinwald.” His tone made both name and title an insult. “Your blood will continue that great work which your brother’s blade began, cleansing our beautiful Olechna of its ever-spreading stain of corruption.” 
Against Jonathan’s chest, the cat charm trembled once, and Jonathan straightened to his full height, staring down the noble. “What an interesting way to phrase things,” he said softly, keeping his hands loose at his sides. “Did you consider your queen corrupted? Somehow unfit to hold her office? I was under the impression her people loved her.” 
“Her people, indeed.” The noble pursed his lips in disgust. “Money-grubbing merchants who loved the gold they gained from the traders and travelers she welcomed, and the unwashed masses who loved the ‘freedoms’ and ‘rights’ her laws enshrined. As though a peasant or a servant were capable of discerning what to do with freedom! We of better breeding know that the lower classes are like children, happiest when kept under careful discipline. Oh, they may weep and wail a bit when the lash comes down, but secretly they long for the security of a firm hand on the reins.” He smirked, tucking a strand of his pallid hair under the jeweled tiara he wore. “And we are more than willing to provide it for them.” 
Jonathan leaned forward slightly, peering into the noble’s face. “That’s what I thought,” he murmured, as though to himself. 
“What?” The noble drew back, affronted. “What are you babbling about?”
“I was checking to make sure your eyes are brown.” Jonathan seated himself on the stool once more, leaning against the wall as though perfectly at his ease. “Goes to show how full of manure you are. Though I should have known that already,” he added as the noble spluttered in outrage. “It comes tumbling out every time you open your mouth.” 
In his head, he counted seconds, reaching seven before the gobbling noises coming from the other man turned into speech once more. “How dare you speak that way to me!” was, predictably, the first phrase Jonathan could make out. He stayed in position and waited for further cues. 
“Never, not once, in my whole life, have I been so…” The noble shuddered and brought himself visibly under control, though an unhealthy magenta glow still suffused his face. “This is what comes of such permissiveness as our former queen espoused,” he hissed, jabbing his hand towards Jonathan. “When you think you are somehow entitled to insult and malign me. Me, the Count of Aydahar, noble for ten generations in Olechna, and you, not only an outlander and a servant but bastard-born as well—”
The door rattled once more, and Jonathan rose unhurriedly to his feet. “My lord, I congratulate you,” he said, pitching his voice to carry to the new arrivals as well as to the Count. “Not only have you labored under a misapprehension since the first moment we met, but you have never bothered to correct your first impression by the exercise of simple thought. I once believed the nobles of my own homeland were the world’s greatest achievers in the area of sheer blind idiocy. Now I see the problem is more widespread than I could have imagined.” 
“Quite an interesting speech on which to enter a room,” remarked the tall gentleman with neatly combed brown hair who now stood framed in the doorway, stepping inside as he finished his sentence. He still wore the half armor in which Jonathan had seen him earlier, but the strong, symmetrical features of his face now displayed an expression of careful calm, rather than the quiet grief with which he had shrouded the Queen. “May I know what problem you describe, Mr. Brinwald?” 
“Certainly, sir.” Jonathan bowed, both to the man and to the two people who had accompanied him, another man with untidy sand-colored hair wearing mage’s robes and a black-haired woman in the elaborate uniform which marked officers of the palace guard. Both had a Berudan cast to their faces, which Jonathan thought might be contributing to his nagging feeling of familiarity, as he’d grown so used to Cecilia and her friends—
No. Put that aside. I have to concentrate. He let his eyes flit for one instant to Nathaniel, turning restlessly in his unbreakable slumber. This is a crazy risk to take, but we have nothing left to lose.
 “His lordship here believes that no low-born person can or should ever raise his eyes to the more noble portion of humanity,” he said, gesturing towards the Count, who seemed torn between agreement and peevishness. “Now if such a thing were true, surely there would be some provision for it in the natural order of things. One should be able to tell a man of good breeding at the merest glance, and treat him accordingly, no matter the circumstances.” He inclined his head to the Count. “Do I state it well, my lord?” 
“Not an irredeemably bad explanation, I suppose,” the Count admitted grudgingly. “But only those of us with the good fortune to be born noble, or gentle at the very least, have the discernment you speak of. The lower orders cannot hope to comprehend such a vastly nuanced art.” 
“Then, my lord, perhaps you should look to your own birth.” Jonathan spoke gently, praying he could maintain the stability of his voice. “For you have never once discerned a joke of long standing between my half-brother and me. One of us is, indeed, the true-born son of Mr. and Mrs. Brinwald of Pasaka, and the other the result of Mr. Brinwald’s momentary weakness with a country girl. But do you truly know, my lord, beyond a shadow of a doubt, which of us is which?” 


   
Part Four 

Several seconds of silence filled the tiny stone room, before the man in armor laughed softly. “He makes a good point, Aydahar,” he said, sketching a bow towards the Count, who seemed momentarily incapable of speech. “From one of my daughters, I hear that Mr. Brinwald has a quick mind and a ready wit, that he is intelligent and conversable on many topics. From the other, that Mr. Brinwald is not entirely comfortable in society, and that he becomes unpleasantly boisterous when in his cups. The first Mr. Brinwald sounds like a gentleman in truth, and the second like a servant inexpertly playing a part. Would you not agree?” 
His daughters? But the only people I met when I was dressed as a gentleman were Cecilia and the princess, and Cecilia doesn’t have any sisters—
Jonathan bit back the urge to swear as recognition flooded through him. The subtle signs of age were more visible up close, but the drawings over which he and Cecilia had laughed still did their subject justice. The man in armor could only be Prince Alexei, husband to Queen Leah of Olechna and father of her three children. 
“I do apologize, sir,” he said, bowing deeply towards the Prince. “I wasn’t aware my brother had encountered your daughter at all, much less that he had caused her distress.” 
“It was nothing.” The Prince shook his head, making a small motion with one hand as though to smooth over a minor imperfection. “An ordinary conversation which took place when Grace was present, nothing that harmed or startled her. She simply thought I should know of it, since it seemed so much at odds with what her sister had reported to me before. But of course, if you and your brother had changed places between the two encounters, the mystery is solved.” 
“Is it, sir?” The Count spoke up once more, his eyes fixed and glittering as he stared at Jonathan. “Whatever the truth of this man’s birth, he remains complicit in the murder of your lady wife.”
“I do not need to be reminded of that, Aydahar.” The Prince’s voice snapped like a whip, reducing the Count to silence instantly. “But every man is entitled to speak in his own defense, or to have another speak for him. And since Mr. Brinwald, this Mr. Brinwald,” he added with a slight smile, gesturing towards Nathaniel, “is temporarily incapable of such speech, I believe his brother has the right to speak for them both. My lady?” He glanced towards the woman in the uniform of the palace guard. “Correct me if I misremember the law.” 
“You do not, sir.” The woman folded her arms across her chest. “A man accused of any crime may speak or remain silent as he chooses, and others with sufficient interest may act for him if he cannot act for himself. As both his next of kin and his employer, your interest is certainly sufficient,” she said to Jonathan, a faint smile flitting across her lips. “All that you say will be weighed in evidence, and if your brother wishes to change or refute anything you have said on his behalf once he awakens, both versions will be taken into account. Do you understand?” 
“Very well, madam, and thank you.” Jonathan inclined his head. “I appreciate your caution, but full disclosure will serve us all best. Though I should warn you that the tale is long, and not always pleasant.” 
“A sad story, is it? Doubtless very affecting.” The Count made a show of patting various places on his trumpery armor. “And me without my kerchief. Whatever shall I do?” 
Wordlessly, Jonathan reached into one of the hidden pockets in his blue trousers and withdrew a small item, holding it up for the guard officer to see. She nodded, her smile flickering into view once more, as the man in mage’s robes beside her was seized with a brief coughing fit. “Here, my lord,” he said, taking one step towards the Count and extending his hand. “Use mine.” 
The Count stared at the kerchief dangling from Jonathan’s fingers as though it were a venomous snake, then batted it away with a flick of his own hand. “Stupid peasant,” he hissed, glaring viciously at the mage and the guard, neither of whom was bothering to disguise their laughter any longer. “How dare you make a fool out of me?” 
“You can hardly object, Aydahar, when you give him such ample opportunity.” The Prince stooped smoothly to retrieve the kerchief and tied a knot in one corner. “I will choose to see your flippant discourtesy as a sign of distress over what you witnessed earlier, but my patience is not unlimited. Kindly behave yourself better, or I will have you removed. Now, Mr. Brinwald.” He tossed the kerchief with an expert flick of his wrist back to Jonathan. “The floor is yours.” 
Jonathan raised the kerchief to his face briefly, disguising the two quick swipes of his thumb across his lips at right angles. If ever he’d needed a blessing on his speech, now was the time. 
“We were boys together, my brother and I,” he began, choosing his words with care. “Born less than a month apart, some twenty-six years ago. Living in such a small place as we did, and when both of us resembled our father so nearly, our parentage could not be denied. But my mother always told me that to resent someone on account of a circumstance over which they had no control, such as the conditions of their birth, was the most foolish choice I could make.”
Which I wish I had remembered much better earlier today!
“Thus we promised one another at a young age that we would always remain friends, allies against the world. Eventually our father decided, since he would need to hire a tutor for one son anyway, he might as well have the man teach both of us. Though I must admit we did not receive equal benefit from the education.” Jonathan shrugged his shoulders. “I was always the more bookish of the two. My brother preferred the outdoors and the company of living creatures. Still, we remained close, but as we grew older, I began to see things about him which concerned me.” 
He glanced towards Nathaniel, now lying quietly, his breathing slow and even. “Young men out with their friends sometimes drink to excess. It is the way of the world. But my brother seemed to have no ‘sometimes’ about him. Once he began to drink, he could not stop, not until his pockets were empty or he was refused service. I was worried about him, but he was not in my employment at that time, so I had no outright control over what he chose to do. Instead I looked about for another way in which I might change his behavior, for the better, I hoped.”
Forgive me, Nate. I never wanted to tell this story, but when it’s your life on the line…
“Her name was Agnes. She was newly come to our little village, with her mother who was a widow and had family there. By chance, I saw her first, and realized that she was a very charming girl, just the sort my brother admired. So I arranged for them to meet.” Jonathan smiled. “He was enchanted at first glance. She was shy to begin with, but gradually grew to trust him, and then to love him. It would have been a happy match, I think.”
And it wouldn’t have been a disgrace, either. Agnes had some basic education, and was bright and willing enough to learn more. She might not have passed muster at parties in high society, but Nate always hated those himself, and would have been only too happy to have the excuse of his quiet little homebody wife. As for most of the neighbors, they would have thought better, not worse, of a lady who worked alongside her servants, holding her own household and tending her own children, rather than lying on a sofa and eating chocolates all day. 
But that’s not how it happened.
“You all understand how the world works, my lords, my lady.” Jonathan wrapped the kerchief around his thumb. “Their passions carried them away, and they anticipated their marriage, with certain predictable results. Ordinarily, they would have gone to the priest, had the banns read quickly, and all would be well. But unknown to anyone, Agnes’s mother had not been well in her mind since losing her husband, and had missed all signs that Agnes was becoming particular in her attentions. Suddenly discovering her daughter was pregnant…” He grimaced. “It unbalanced her, shall we say. She leapt to the conclusion that Agnes had been violated by force, and refused to listen to anything her daughter had to say to the contrary.”
“A drunkard to be redeemed by love, a pure maiden swept away by desire, a mad mother with fixed ideas.” The Count sneered. “Have you been studying farce, Mr. Brinwald? Or perhaps reading cheap novelettes?”
“My lord, if you wish to send to Pasaka to find out the truth, you are welcome to do so.” Jonathan kept his eyes steady on the Count’s face. “Or you can let me finish my story, and then decide whether the evidence bears me out. The choice is yours.”
The Count sniffed once, as though this matter were too petty for his attention, and looked away. Jonathan swallowed his smile and continued. “As I said, Agnes’s mother was convinced that my brother had caused her daughter irreparable harm. She locked Agnes in her room, then sent a message to my brother, under Agnes’s name, asking him to meet her on the top floor of the folly in our father’s grounds.”
“Folly?” The man in mage robes spoke up for the first time, his voice slightly hoarse but not unpleasant. “What might that be?” 
“An architectural fad, popular in Pasaka at some point in the past. I would need a history book to tell you precisely when.” Jonathan sketched a tall cylinder with his hands. “To show off how much money they had, or to make their homes look more historic or interesting, people would have pointless little towers or purpose-built ruins erected somewhere nearby. Ours was a tower, three stories high, with tall arched windows all around. My brother often met his love there, since it was both private and easy to access.” 
“And because it was a common meeting place for them, the message from her mother would not strike him as unusual.” The Prince nodded in understanding. “So he went, and… she attacked him?”
“She did. With a small gardening rake.” Jonathan crooked three fingers, illustrating the look of the implement he meant. “By the grace of God, she missed his eyes, but he was blinded by his own blood, terrified and in pain. He struck out at her, trying to defend himself from another attack, and knocked her through one of the windows. She did not survive the fall.” 
Which had Nate convinced for months that he’d damned himself forever. Thank God for that little village priest in France. If he’s not a saint already, he ought to be someday. I don’t know what happened in that confessional, but I got my brother back that day, and I’ve done my best to keep him with me ever since. It hasn’t always worked, but then, I’ve never claimed I was a saint…
“That night changed my opinions about my father, and not for the better,” he said, unable to keep a certain acerbic note out of his voice. “I had always thought he was a hard man, but fair, willing to hear people out before making his decisions. That night I discovered that his fear and hatred of scandal overrode every other consideration in his mind. When his own son lay bleeding and half-conscious on his floor, the only thing he had to say about it was, ‘Don’t stain the rugs.’” His hands curled into fists, as they had on that night. “Then he delivered his ultimatum. Since I had introduced my brother to Agnes, I was responsible for the consequences. I would take him into my care, and we would leave the country immediately. We were not to return.” 
“A hard man indeed, and deeply shortsighted.” The Prince let his eyes rest on Nathaniel’s face, tracing the three jagged scar lines which marked it. “And the young lady?”
“I fear I have no idea.” Jonathan shook his head. “I was not able to leave my brother long enough to see her, so I must hope she found help from her relations or the church. We have never been able to learn what became of her, though we have tried.”
And that tears Nate up inside, not knowing what happened to her or to his child. Another reason he drinks, as if he needed one. His mother may have been able to do something for her, but it all depends on how closely Father was watching. If it were up to him, Agnes would have been turned out into the streets that same night. I can only hope he didn’t get his own way, at least not entirely.
“From there, I assume you can follow our travels easily enough.” Jonathan wove the kerchief through his fingers. “As we journeyed from land to land, I did my best to curb my brother’s excesses and give his mind a more cheerful bent. Often, to amuse one another, we would mimic the other’s manners and mannerisms, as we had done when we were boys. Eventually, we came to your shores, and after discovering how pleasant a place this was, we decided to exchange roles for a time. I always enjoy meeting the ordinary folk anywhere I go, and I hoped my brother would enjoy himself among the upper classes.” He spread his hands. “Naughty of us, perhaps, but it cannot be helped now. And the rest of the story you already know.”
“So we do. What I fail to see is what relation your touching tale bears to the events of tonight.” The Count inspected his fingernails. “Your brother was once attacked by a woman, and killed her in response. A sordid little tragedy, certainly, but hardly enough to explain away an unprovoked attack on a lady of royal blood some years later. Unless you plan to claim the resemblance between this unfortunate madwoman and our beloved Queen was so strong that it sent him out of his senses?”
“I do not claim that, my lord. But I do say that something unusual happened tonight. Something, if I had to guess, possibly magical in nature.” Jonathan raised one hand to the collar of his shirt, then paused. “May I?”
“Go ahead.” The guard inclined her head in permission. “If my people left anything on you that could hurt us, we’ll deserve the results.”
Jonathan pulled the little cat charm out from under his shirt, then paused in dismay as he got a good look at it. He hadn’t noticed it while the guards were searching him, but one side of the cat’s face was missing, raw ceramic showing white against the orange glaze.
Seems fitting. I broke Cecilia’s charm, just like I broke her heart.
“Here,” he said brusquely, holding out the charm to the mage. “Would you examine this, sir?”
“I will.” The mage held out his hand, and Jonathan dropped the charm into it. “Whoo!” His exclamation was immediate, and he tossed the little cat into the air once or twice as though it had burned him, before cupping it in both his hands with a shake of his head. “A lot of power here. One of the strongest protection spells I’ve ever encountered.” He smiled sidelong. “It thunders in my blood, just touching it. Whatever you paid for this charm, young man, it wasn’t enough.”
Jonathan masked a nervous swallow as the shape of the mage’s smile, along with his dramatic manner of speech, solidified another recognition in his mind. “I fear you’re right, sir,” he said. “But given what I believe it has done tonight, I will gladly pay the enchanter for the rest of my life if I must.”
“And what is that?” drawled the Count. “Do give us your ever-so-informed outlander opinion.”
“I have warned you once, Aydahar. I will not warn you again.” The Prince’s level voice was more menacing than any outright threat could have been. “Mr. Brinwald?”
“When I approached my brother, I felt a force try to throw me back.” Jonathan held up his hands, as if placing them against a wall. “Then the charm became active, and suddenly I could break through. Moments later, when I spoke to him, I could tell he was not himself. He behaved like a man in a dream, claiming the Queen was his attacker reincarnated, a notion he would ordinarily laugh to scorn. More than that, the brother I know, as deep into drink and despair as he has sunk at times, has never voluntarily raised his hand against a woman. Tonight, his drive to do so was almost unstoppable. It seemed that he was…”
He stopped before committing himself, but the word fit better than any other. “My brother seemed,” he finished slowly, “compelled.”
“That is a term which carries both a legal and a magical meaning in this country, Mr. Brinwald.” The Prince spoke with precision. “Be very sure of what you are saying.”
“His lordship is right about one thing.” Jonathan nodded towards the Count. “I know nothing of magic. But when a man with whom I have spent my whole life, a man in whose company I have been almost constantly for the last two years, behaves so far out of character as this, something must be awry. Can such things be discovered? Investigated?”
“They can.” The Prince frowned. “They should have been already. But with our laws written the way they are, such spells are often heavily disguised, and set to evaporate quickly once they are broken, leaving little trace behind. Still.” He smiled once. “We may be in luck. A magical object, by its nature, absorbs some portion of any spell with which it interacts. If your charm encountered a spell of compulsion on your brother, and helped to break that spell, then it should show the traces.” He looked towards the mage. “Ivan?”
“Just a moment, Uncle.” The mage shut his eyes and concentrated. In the bowl of his hands, Cecilia’s charm began to glow, and to tremble. Across the room, the Count seemed transfixed, staring at the little cat with a mix of fear and revulsion in his eyes. Jonathan laid a hand against the stone wall behind him, focused on keeping his breathing even, and prayed. 
“There it is.” Ivan opened his eyes with a decided nod. “Unmistakable. Subtle, but powerful, designed to work on pre-existing fears and magnify them beyond bearing. And now that I have the mages’ signatures, I can see the residue of the spell on this young man.” He motioned towards Nathaniel, then frowned. “Does your brother carry a charm of his own, Mr. Brinwald? There seems to be a certain focusing effect… well, never mind that. The point is, he was beyond a doubt compelled into his actions tonight. And, as you believed, your charm helped to break that compulsion.”
“Impossible.” The Count laughed scornfully. “You expect me to believe that some marketplace mage, working for copper bits, wove a protective spell of that caliber into such a tawdry little trinket?”
Ivan turned to fully face the Count, cradling Cecilia’s charm in one hand while his other rose into what Jonathan recognized as a preliminary pose for spellcasting. “You do not wish to insult the lady who created this charm, Aydahar,” he said with soft, deadly care. “Believe me, you do not.”
“Oh, the little redheaded tart. Hopping from her outlander’s bed to yours, is she?” The Count laughed more openly this time, too carried away by his emotions to notice the anger and disgust his words had provoked in all four of his listeners. “But never mind that, it’s nothing to do with insults, it’s a sheer matter of fact! When three mages work together to create a spell in the first place, a single passive charm, no matter how powerful, can never hope to overcome—”
“I beg your pardon, my lord?” Jonathan cut in. “What was that you said?”
“Are you deaf as well as a liar, outlander?” The Count swung around to face Jonathan. “I said, when three mages work together—”
“And how would you know three mages worked on this particular spell?” Jonathan kept his face impassive with an effort, but could not quite suppress the fierce jubilation in his voice. “I only heard Master Ivan say ‘mages’ signatures’, meaning more than one. Three seems an oddly precise conclusion to draw.” He held the Count’s eyes with his own, watching fear rise in them. “Unless, of course, you have some knowledge which you haven’t chosen to share. Tell me, my lord, would my brother recognize you if he were awake? Would he consider you a friend and a companion, willing to indulge his little weakness for drink and listen to his sad stories? And is it possible that you saw in his tragic past an opportunity to further your own agenda?” 
“Lies. Lies and speculation, all of it.” The Count shrank back a step, his breath coming fast. “How do we know you didn’t arrange for this yourself, to try and seem a hero in front of the court, to earn yourself a place here forever? Only it went too far, and now you’re grasping at straws, trying to save your miserable life.”
“I met two men in a bar tonight. No names were exchanged, but I believe I could describe them well enough that they could be discovered again.” Jonathan smiled slowly, watching the Count’s hands begin to shake. “Under the impression that I was my brother, they described to me the plot in which he had become embroiled. A plot to kill the Queen of Olechna, engendered and carried out by her own nobles. Like my brother, my lord, I think those men might recognize you, should you be brought face to face.” He turned his shoulder deliberately towards the Count, facing the Prince instead. “Sir, would you like me to—”
Swiftly he sidestepped the Count’s charge, dodging out of the way of a furious slash from a slender jewel-hilted sword. Catching the other man’s hand at the wrist, Jonathan twisted his arm up behind his back, causing a shriek of outrage and pain. “Little nobles shouldn’t meddle in things they don’t understand,” he murmured into the Count’s ear, then jabbed his thumb into a certain point between two bones, sending the sword clattering to the floor. “They might get hurt.”
As a very wise woman once said. Petty of me, perhaps, but so satisfying. 
The guard crossed the room to Jonathan’s side, smiling more openly this time. “Well played, sir,” she said under her breath, then grasped the Count’s arms herself, allowing Jonathan to release him and back away. “Count Jacob Aydahar,” she said with formality, “I arrest you in the name of the Queen. You may speak or keep silent as you choose, but all that you say will be weighed in evidence…” 
Movement at the door drew Jonathan’s attention away. A woman in her middle years with a heart-wrenchingly familiar color of hair had just stepped inside, Ivan giving her a quick kiss in greeting before murmuring a few words to her and gesturing towards Nathaniel.
So I suppose this is what Cecilia will look like in thirty years. Jonathan kept a respectful distance as the red-haired woman went to one knee beside Nathaniel, drawing a short, fancifully decorated staff out of thin air. Not that I’ll get a chance to know, but—
His thoughts broke off short in dismay as his brother, along with Cecilia’s mother, disappeared with a clap of inrushing air. “What—” he began in shock.
“My apologies. I should have realized you would not know.” The Prince stepped forward, motioning for Jonathan to remain still. “That was a transportation staff, so that Mistress Felicity could safely move your brother to more comfortable quarters. She will examine him and remove any lingering effects of the compulsion spell, as well as healing whatever damage it did to his mind. You have my word that he will come to no harm at her hands.”
“Thank you, sir.” They were, Jonathan realized belatedly, alone, the guard and Ivan having escorted Count Aydahar out the door. “I apologize if I spoke out of turn, or went too far.” 
“On the contrary, I have seldom seen a more masterful performance.” The Prince smiled slightly. “I would even be willing to wager that every word you spoke was true, in the strictest sense of the term. Walk with me, if you will.”
Swallowing against his nerves, Jonathan joined the older man, and together they left the tiny room, ascending the stairs beyond. Two more corridors were traversed before the Prince spoke again. “Now, Jonathan Brinwald, I will have the plain tale, if you please. How do things stand between you and your half-brother?”
And there it is. “You were kind, sir, to say that I was gentlemanly, but the truth is the truth.” Jonathan shrugged, reaching towards his chest before remembering that Cecilia’s charm no longer hung there. “Nathaniel’s mother is his father’s wife. Mine was not.”
“Ah, before I forget.” The Prince turned to extend his hand towards Jonathan. “Ivan gave this to me. I believe it belongs with you.”
Jonathan nodded, and slipped the braided cord over his head once more, returning the little orange cat to its proper place. “Thank you, sir,” he said again. “I wouldn’t want to lose it.” They walked in silence for several seconds, until he could stand it no longer. “So what happens now?”
“What do you want to happen?” the Prince countered. “What do you think ought to happen?”
“Two very different questions.” Jonathan laughed in spite of himself. “What I want… well, isn’t it the same thing everybody wants? ‘And they all lived happily ever after’? But that doesn’t happen, not in real life. It’s impossible.”
“You might be surprised, Mr. Brinwald.” The Prince raised a hand to adjust the crimson necktie he was wearing, with a neat white shirt, under the chestpiece of his armor. “It was once thought impossible to sail across the oceans, to build an edifice taller than three stories, to heal in any measure a wounded mind and heart. Yet human beings dared to dream, and all those things can now be done. Not perfectly, no, but no human endeavor is perfect. One could say, with some justice, that impossible things are happening every day. Why should a happy ending to your tale be so different?”
“Perhaps because any tale of mine must also include my brother. Nathaniel.” Jonathan laughed again, reluctantly. “I was working so hard never to use our names when I told that story, because our passports aren’t ambiguous in the least. Even one look would show Nathaniel was the master, Jonathan the servant. So if I slipped and called him Nate, while I was trying to create the opposite impression…”
“But you did not. As I said, you would have passed any truth test with your tale, and it certainly had the desired effect.” The Prince’s eyes grew hard. “All members of Jacob Aydahar’s little social circle will be investigated, and those who were involved in this plot will face charges. Justice will be done in Olechna.”
“Yes. Justice.” Jonathan shut his eyes briefly, sending up one fervent prayer for strength. “I suppose that brings us around to your other question, sir. To what I think ought to happen. Compulsion or not, Nathaniel killed your Queen tonight. And I didn’t stop him.” He couldn’t keep his voice from breaking, and didn’t attempt it. “I wanted to. I tried to. But all the wanting and trying in the world won’t give you back the woman you love.”
“That is true.” The Prince stopped outside a closed door and turned to face Jonathan. “What, then, should be done with you?”
“I don’t know your laws, sir. But I won’t ask for mercy, not after what we’ve done to you.” Jonathan met the Prince’s eyes as steadily as he could manage. “Let justice rule. Give us what we deserve. All I ask is that it be quick. And…” He breathed deeply, feeling the weight of the little cat where it hung against the eye of truth emblazoned on his chest. “I promised him once that I wouldn’t leave him. If it’s possible, let me keep that promise.” 
“I understand.” The Prince’s eyes grew momentarily distant. “I too had a brother, a man I loved and served with all my heart. In your place, I would have made the same request.” His hand went to his side. “Thus I will not be so unkind as to separate you. Not for long.” 
From its sheath he drew a long, polished blade, no fancy dress sword but a trusted companion of many battles. “Kneel,” he commanded, and Jonathan obeyed, bowing his head and trying to gather his thoughts enough for one final prayer. 
Please, watch over Nate, he managed to get out. Don’t let him be too frightened, until we’re together again. And please let Cecilia know, let her understand, that I didn’t mean it, that I’m sorry, that—
The blade sang through the air, then came down to rest against Jonathan’s shoulders, one after the other. “I hereby create thee a knight of the realm of Olechna,” said the Prince, a definite note of amusement in his voice, “with all the rights and responsibilities pertaining to such rank. Arise, Sir Jonathan.” 
Jonathan obeyed automatically, his mind fumbling to catch up. But he said—why would he—does this mean—
“Uncle!” shrieked a voice from the end of the hallway. “You unmitigated jackass!” 
Dressed in the violet and white tabarded gown of Princess Edda, Cecilia stormed down the corridor towards them both. “I saw what you did there,” she informed the Prince, glaring at him with her hands balled into fists. “You are a horrible, unprincipled person and sometimes I hate you.” 
“You sound very like your grandmother when you say such lovely things, my dear.” The Prince sheathed his sword unconcernedly. “I must be going. They will want me in the courtyard for the midnight address. Take care of our young knight for me, if you would.” He smiled. “Though I doubt you need to be told to do that.” 
He strode away, leaving Jonathan and Cecilia staring at each other across the hallway’s width. Cecilia tried to smile, but it turned shaky almost immediately. “Mr. Brinwald,” she began, then exhaled a shuddering breath. “Oh, Jon, I’m so sorry!” 
Jonathan darted forward to pull her close as she bent double, tears springing up in her eyes. “You stole my line,” he informed her, holding her so tightly his arms ached. “I’m the one who should be apologizing. All the things I said—”
“No, you were right. I never should have lied.” Cecilia raised her hand to lay it against his face. “But I was afraid, afraid that all you would see was my birth and my blood, so I hid it away from you. Can you ever forgive me?”
“Can you?” Jonathan wove his fingers into her hair. “After everything we said about valuing a person’s true self more than rank or appearance, I proved I’m as bad as anybody else. I just show it differently. Which doesn’t change how much I hurt you. I’m sorry, Cecy.” He crushed her against him, feeling the heat of her breath on his chest. “And I thought I’d never get the chance to say it to you. I thought…” Releasing his grip slightly, he looked down at her. “Did that really happen?” 
“What, with Uncle?” Cecilia scowled. “Oh, yes. I would have hit him if he weren’t wearing his metal overcoat. He thinks he’s funny, but one of these days he’s going to take these games of his too far.” 
“No, the other part.” Jonathan shook his head. “When he said… but I’m not really. Am I?” 
“Why wouldn’t you be?” Now Cecilia’s smile twinkled out once more. “He’s a knight himself, and head of Her Majesty’s guard as well as her husband. If any man has a right to do that in our kingdom, he does. So yes, that was very real.” She tilted her head to one side, regarding him. “Sir Jonathan. It has a nice ring to it.” 
“He knighted me.” Jonathan pressed his fingers against his forehead, trying to regain some sense of how the world fit together. “But why? It doesn’t make any sense, Cecy. I still let her die. The Queen. Maybe I did help find out who was behind it, but…” He trailed off, noticing the expression of mingled shock and horror on Cecilia’s face. “Oh, God, I’m sorry. Didn’t you know?” 
“No, it’s not that. It’s you who doesn’t—” Cecilia cut herself off with an impatient shake of her head. “Never mind. Come with me. I think we still have time.”
“Time for—” Jonathan never got to finish the sentence, as Cecilia seized his hand and began to run. High overhead, a clock began to chime, and outside he could hear cheering, growing ever louder as they sped through corridors and doorways. Finally Cecilia turned into a particular room, dodged through a small wilderness of shrouded furniture, and laid her hand against the iron handle of a swinging glass door.
“Here,” she said, pulling the door open and waving him through. Jonathan obeyed, and found himself on a tiny projection of stone overlooking the main palace courtyard, railed in decorative iron. Merrymakers in colorful costumes thronged the space below, but the cheering was beginning to waver here and there, whispers spreading almost visibly through the crowd.
“There’s the royal balcony.” Cecilia joined him, pointing at a space atop the main doors of the palace. Even from this distance, Jonathan could make out Prince Alexei, standing beside a slender, pale girl who could only be the younger princess, Grace. Three other figures stood nearby, shrouded in long cloaks against the chill of the winter’s night. “Now, just watch.” 
The melodic chiming of the clock ceased, and a deep bell tolled, twelve solemn strokes to mark the midnight hour on the darkest night of the year. As the final stroke died away, one of the cloaked figures stepped forward, lowering its hood to reveal a young man, about Jonathan’s age or slightly older, with the same pale coloring as his mother and sister but the height and dignified bearing of his father.
The crown prince. The King now, though they don’t know it yet. 
“My friends,” said Prince Robin, his voice raised no higher than a conversational level, the courtyard’s acoustics and the hush of the crowd combining to make him audible throughout. “I welcome you to the Vakara Palace on this festive night, when all should rejoice at the victory of light over darkness. Ordinarily, my mother would address you at this time. But as some of you have already heard, earlier tonight, there was an attack.”
“It has been said,” pronounced a voice Jonathan knew, “that the man who attacked my mother was an outlander.” Princess Katsia flipped back her own hood, her wealth of dark hair slipping from its pins to cascade down her back where she stood beside her brother. “While this is true, I tell you now what is also true. That man was not responsible for his actions. He was compelled, by vicious, vile magic.” Her eyes sparked. “We do not yet know who cast that magic, but I promise you, my friends. We will find out.” 
“Olechna is a land of laws.” Prince Robin smiled briefly at his sister. “A land of justice. You will hear more of this in the weeks to come, as our guards and the law officers of Laefer investigate to find out the truth. But for tonight, we must speak of other things.”
“For tonight,” proclaimed the Princess, raising her arms, “tonight we bring you glad tidings of great joy. Look, my friends, and see!”
Stepping to one side, she flung off her cloak, and—
Jonathan sucked in his breath at the graceful vision which now occupied a portion of the royal balcony. “Knowing about it was one thing,” he murmured to Cecilia. “Seeing it is another.”
“Agreed. And now you understand why this was so perfect for me.” Cecilia stroked her little dragon charm with two fingers where it lay against her chest on its braided cord. “Keep watching.”
“Yes, there he goes too.” Jonathan nodded as Prince Robin likewise changed shape, pawing briefly at the balcony with one slender foreleg. “It’s certainly very striking. Also an excellent way to make sure no one who doesn’t have royal blood can claim the throne. Can’t turn into a dragon? Too bad, there’s the door, have a nice day…”
“Funny you should say that.” Cecilia leaned into him with a little hum of pleasure. “There’s someone else up on that balcony, isn’t there?”
About to answer, Jonathan stopped. The third cloaked figure was advancing between the two dragons, who stepped back and bowed as she passed. Reaching the railing of the balcony, she paused. Then slim, pale hands unfastened the cloak and let it fall, revealing the person beneath it.
A collective gasp passed through the crowd, and before it had died away, the transformation was accomplished. A third iridescent dragon reared onto her hind legs, bugling a silvery call of triumph to the sky, her children echoing her, and the throng in the courtyard erupted with incredulous joy.
“Her Majesty lives!” echoed from voice to voice. “She was saved! A Midwinter’s miracle! Glory be!”
“God save the Queen!” cried someone, somewhere, and the crowd took it up like a chant. 
“God save the Queen! God save the Queen!” 
“Looks like He did,” murmured Cecilia, sliding her arm around Jonathan’s neck. “But I think He had a little help.”
There being no proper response to this, Jonathan chose instead to kiss Cecilia, which she returned with great fervor. By the time they broke it off, the chanting had died down, and Queen Leah stood human at the railing of the balcony, her cloak about her shoulders and her children and husband flanking her.
“My people,” she said, her voice melodious on the cold night air. “It pleases me greatly to know how much I am loved. At the same time, it saddens me to know that hatred still lives within Olechna. And yet, so long as we are human, hatred and love, sorrow and joy, will never cease to be intertwined within our hearts. For this reason, we have law, the law of our kingdom by which all must abide, no matter their birth, origin, or rank.”
The Queen reached over to stroke Katsia’s hair, and Katsia leaned her head briefly against her mother’s shoulder. “One of the tales celebrated in our land at this time of year tells of a poor working man and his wife, who embarked on a long and difficult journey together. And to make matters worse, the young lady was expecting her first child. My fellow mothers will know how terrifying this must have been, to leave behind her home and family at such a time. Why, in that case, did they go?
“They went because it was the law. And like them, even when it is difficult, or inconvenient, or causes us hardship and trouble, we choose to live by the law. Whether born in Olechna or a visitor from afar, so long as you obey the law, you are welcome here.” The Queen’s face grew stern. “And if you break the law, justice must and shall be done. For this reason we feigned my death tonight, so that we could more easily find those who planned this crime. Justice is a promise we make to all, and one we intend to keep. 
“But.” She held up her hands to still the murmuring through the crowd. “In our love for justice, we must never forget the importance of mercy. Justice, though fair, can be harsh and cruel, and this is a season for rejoicing and forgiveness. The two may seem impossible to balance, yet balance them we must, and we do. In our hearts, in our lives, in the lives of our city and our nation and our world. And when inevitably we fall from that balance, when we break our promises and hurt those around us, we must rise again, make amends, and journey on, striving always to grow better.
“It is a hard journey, this road of life, and one that is ever-changing. But remember, my people, that I and mine walk that road alongside you.” The Queen slid an arm around her son’s waist, smiling up at him affectionately. “And I am glad and blessed tonight to remain on that road with you a while longer. May my God and yours bless and keep you, all the days and nights of your life.”
The cheering which greeted this seemed likely to go on for quite some time. Jonathan nudged Cecilia and nodded towards the door, and she pushed it open, letting them back into the room. “You were saying?” she asked with an impish grin, shutting the door behind them.
“I didn’t fail.” Jonathan cast one more glance out at the courtyard, where the Queen and the royal family were waving to the people, the princesses blowing kisses, Prince Alexei standing very close to his wife with his arm around her shoulders. “She’s alive. Nate hasn’t… oh, thank God,” he finished, and to his shock his eyes brimmed over with tears. “I’m sorry. It’s stupid to fall apart now, when it’s over. But it’s just…” 
Cecilia unshrouded one of the pieces of furniture, which proved to be a small sofa, and guided him to it, perching beside him as he buried his face in his handkerchief. “May I guess?” she asked softly. “Finding out he had killed someone, whether or not it was his fault, would hurt him so terribly he might never recover. And you love him so much, so fiercely. It would strike you to the heart to lose him that way. Yes?”
“That’s part of it.” Jonathan blotted his eyes, then drew her close, finding comfort in the warmth of her body, the scent of her hair. “But mostly, it’s that we fought this fight once already, and we won. Eventually we might have lost, but dammit, I wasn’t going to let them be right!” His arm tightened around her. “They threw him away, Cecy. His own parents. The instant he became inconvenient, they discarded him without a second thought.” He shuddered with the force of the memory. “They wanted him to die. That’s why they packed us off so quickly. ‘Traveling hurt like that. Could be bad. Shame, but it can’t be helped.’” Viciously he mimicked the remembered tones of his father and Nathaniel’s. “And they expected me to ignore it. Help it along, even.”  
“Well, that’s sad.” Cecilia snorted a laugh. “They’d known you your whole life, and they still thought that about you? I’ve known you a month, and I’m well aware you wouldn’t do that. And I don’t consider myself the best observer in the world.” She glanced down at his chest. “Case in point. I didn’t notice this before. What happened?” 
“Oh, your charm. I don’t know for sure.” Jonathan pulled the cord over his head again and passed the little cat to Cecilia. “But I do know it’s what saved us tonight. Your spell for protection was stronger than whatever magic they’d used on Nate.” He laughed once. “That’s actually how we caught our villain. He was claiming one passive charm couldn’t possibly be enough to overcome the power of three mages, and I called him out on knowing too much.” He sighed, watching Cecilia turn the charm between her fingers. “You should probably take notice. Everything I touch gets ruined somehow.”
“Hush.” Cecilia held up a finger. “Watch this.”
Whispering to herself, she smoothed her fingertip across the exposed ceramic, concentrating intently for a few seconds. Then she handed back the charm. “There you are,” she said. “Not ruined at all.”
Jonathan studied the little cat. Its face was slightly misshapen, and only one green eye could be seen, but its paw was raised as cheerily as ever, and the orange glaze had flowed across the raw clay, covering the rough edges with its smooth glossiness. “I can still tell something happened to it,” he said dubiously, slipping it back on.
“That’s how you know it’s yours.” Cecilia rolled back one sleeve. “It’s been marked by life. Just like all of us are.” She held up her arm to show a bar of red, shiny skin just past her wrist. “I got that when I was ten, being careless around a hot oven. Mother made sure it healed cleanly, but she wanted me to keep the scar. So I would remember.”
“I always say I fell into a creek, but that’s not the whole story.” Jonathan ran his fingers across his right cheek, as he so often did. “Some of the other children from the village were throwing stones at me. One of them got in a lucky hit.” He laid his hand against the left side of his head. “It dazed me and threw me off balance, and I fell hard against the rocks in the stream and lost my breath. I couldn’t move, and my face was under the water. Water running red with my blood. If Nate hadn’t been there, if he hadn’t come…” 
Cecilia wrapped her arms tightly around him. “But he did come,” she murmured. “He was there for you, when you needed him. Just like you’ve always been there for him, when he needs you.” She stilled, looking up at him. “I want to help you be there for him. If you’ll let me, both of you. If I won’t be intruding.”
“Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.” Jonathan gazed in wonder at the redhaired miracle in his arms. “Why are you perfect?”
“Oh, now you’re just proving you don’t know me.” Cecilia flushed violently. “I am so far from perfect. I get distracted by every little thing that happens around me, which is why most of the gifts people give me on Charm Night are burn wards. I’m always coming up with crazy, elaborate plans. Like showing you half of my life and pretending that’s all there is to it,” she added with a rueful laugh. “And when things go wrong, which they always do, I run away to hide in my room and sulk for days. Not to mention, half the time I’m so lost in my own little world that I don’t even notice the people around me—” 
Jonathan laid a finger on her lips, silencing her. “You always,” he said with a smile, “notice me. Even that first day, in the art gallery.” His smile broadened. “We might need to send the French harpies a thank you note. Though I draw the line at inviting them to the wedding.”
“Oh, is there going to be a wedding?” Cecilia leaned her head against his shoulder, looking up at him through her eyelashes. “Isn’t it customary to ask a certain question first?” 
“Do you prefer morning, or afternoon?” Jonathan dodged a small fist aimed for his nose. “Fine, fine, I’ll do it properly. But I’m not moving. This is much too comfortable.” He looked down at the two of them in their costumes. “If slightly surreal. Assuming we were who we’re dressing as, what we have here is a princess asking one of her personas to marry the other one.” 
“Actually, no.” Cecilia traced a finger across his lips. “You’re not wearing Kana’s scarf or cap any longer. So you could be just an ordinary warrior of the Shenjin tribe.” 
“The people who rescued Edda after her father’s palace fell to the Hundred-Years King, and taught her the skills to become Kana in the first place, while they waited for Tam to return.” Jonathan nodded. “I can live with that. In that case, Princess Edda, will you marry me?” 
“Why, yes, Shenjin Warrior, I will.” Cecilia giggled. “All right, that’s too silly even for me. You need a name.” 
“Why? I don’t have one in real life.” Jonathan shrugged the shoulder Cecilia wasn’t leaning against when she peered at him quizzically. “Quirk of Pasakan law. Because my parents weren’t married, and my father never formally acknowledged me as his son, I don’t have the legal right to use his family name. I was just ‘Jonathan’ to everybody until we left home. Even my passport only lists that.” He smiled a little. “I started using ‘Brinwald’ just so Nate wouldn’t feel so alone.” 
“I see.” Cecilia’s eyes grew briefly thoughtful. “Speaking of which. Do you want to go to him now?” 
“Yes. Dear God, yes.” Jonathan helped her to her feet, then tucked away his kerchief and got up himself. “I can’t believe I forgot. But he’s in good hands, assuming the hair didn’t lie,” he added, tweaking a bit of Cecilia’s. “And now I’ve had a chance to meet both your parents. Not for long, or under the best of circumstances, but I can hope for a better second time.” 
“If you were your usual self, Father probably loved you.” Cecilia shook out the dust sheet and spread it over the sofa once more before tucking herself under Jonathan’s arm. “But now, sir, you are going to tell me exactly what happened, and spare no details, please. Anything you might think I’m too delicate to hear, I can promise you Father won’t.” 
“Oh, so you really wanted to know there’s a nobleman here at court who thought you were sleeping with your father?” 
“Wait. What?” Cecilia broke away, staring at him in horror. “He said—he thought—ew. Ew. Ew!” 
Jonathan laughed harder than he’d originally intended at the expression on her face. “I don’t think he realized who you were,” he clarified once he’d caught his breath. “Just that your father was defending your spellwork, and apparently he believes a man can only think well of a woman under one circumstance.” 
“Then he is a fool.” Returning to her former position, Cecilia paused. “Please tell me this is the same person you caught out for knowing too much.” 
“None other.” Jonathan smirked broadly. “And also the person we once discovered passing the time by harassing a certain young maid—” 
He was interrupted by the need to use his lips for something other than talking. “I cannot tell you,” said Cecilia breathlessly when they broke off, “how happy that makes me. I have never been able to stand His Superior Nobleness Count Jacob Aydahar.” She snickered once. “Perhaps I should play the ministering angel and visit him in prison.” 
“Don’t. That’s what he claimed he was doing when he showed up to bother us.” Jonathan slid his arm around Cecilia again. “But now I have to ask. What in the world did he do to make you loathe him quite this much?” 
“He tried to marry me. Without, I should add, ever asking what I thought about the matter.” Cecilia leaned into Jonathan’s side. “As far as he was concerned, having agreed to dance with him twice in the same night, and politely answered a few questions about the weather and the state of the Queen’s health, meant that I was madly in love with him, and would fall at his feet as soon as he offered himself and his title and fortune, not to me, but to my father. Who looked at him oddly for several seconds, then said, ‘Have you talked to her about this? No? Well, go and do it, and stop wasting my time.’” 
“Please tell me you’re not making this up.” 
“Lady’s honor.” Cecilia kissed two fingertips and brushed them against Jonathan’s cheek. “You can ask Father if you like. He’ll probably have a few flourishes that I forgot.” 
“Perhaps it makes me a caveman.” Jonathan dropped a kiss of his own onto the top of Cecilia’s head. “But there’s a certain primitive satisfaction in knowing he wanted you, and I have you. Of course, he wanted a lot of other things too, and now he won’t get any of them,” he added with satisfaction. “Let me actually tell this story, before we get lost down a side path again…” 
The tale of how the Noble Knight had bested the Wicked Count took up most of the journey back to the corridor where Cecilia had discovered Jonathan in the process of becoming the Noble Knight, with the occasional pause for kisses. Cecilia giggled, growled, and “ooh”ed at all the right moments, and muffled a shriek of laughter in her sleeve when Jonathan related, slightly shamefaced, the last thing he’d said to their nemesis. 
“You are a wonderful, unprincipled person,” she informed him. “Unlike Uncle, who is still horrible. But we love him anyway.” 
“Why do you call him that?” Jonathan frowned. “He told me that he had a brother, but you never mentioned that you were related to him…” 
“It’s not a blood relation.” Cecilia sketched a branching family tree in the air with her finger. “Uncle was my grandmother and great-uncle’s bodyguard from the time they were all in their teens. They’d been friends for years, and he was already a fierce fighter, so their mother the Queen decided she might as well make things official with someone her children actually liked, instead of saddling them with someone older and technically more qualified who they’d always be causing trouble for.” 
“Causing trouble, hmm? Weren’t we mentioning traits that breed true down the line?” Jonathan chuckled at Cecilia’s half-hearted hiss. “So he spent so much time with them that he became a part of the family. I would imagine your father and his cousins just naturally called him ‘Uncle’, and everyone picked it up from there.” 
“Grandmother and Great-Aunt started it, really. They used to call him ‘Big Brother’. Both because he’s so tall and was always watching them, and because he would get all stiff and proper about it but they could tell secretly he liked it.” Cecilia sighed gustily. “As for how he ended up here, and married to Her Majesty… well, we went over the quick version yesterday, but it is a very long story in full.” 
“We’ll have time.” Jonathan leaned against the wall, watching Cecilia go up to the door and tap on it in a simple pattern, though not one that he knew. 
We’ll have time for everything. All the stories, all the kisses, all the celebrations. Probably all the fights, too. Neither of us likes to be wrong. But like the Queen said, everybody falls sometimes. What matters is that you get back up, make it right, and travel on. 
Then Cecilia was on the other side of the door, beckoning him to join her, as the older woman he’d seen earlier slipped out, looking him over with a smile. “Felicity,” she introduced herself, holding out her hand for Jonathan to shake. He did so, then raised it to his lips for a kiss, eliciting a giggle and a blush in return. “Oh, he’ll do just fine,” she informed her daughter. “I may even have him teach your father a thing or two.” 
“Mother, for heaven’s sake.” Cecilia planted her hands on her hips. “Go away.” 
“Not yet, my love. Business first.” Felicity shook her head once and lost all trace of flirtatiousness, looking up at Jonathan with a steady gaze. “I’ve cleared the residue of the spell from your brother’s mind, and an ugly piece of work it was. With any luck, they’ll find the mages who crafted it, so I can have a word with them.” Her eyes sparked, promising full retribution. “There were also some older traumas, still a bit troubling, but better healed than I would have expected from such a wandering life as you’ve led.” She smiled warmly. “Which is to say, you’ve cared for him well these past years. I think he has a very good chance indeed. However.” She motioned Cecilia closer. “There is one topic I must bring up…” 
* * * * *
Once more Jonathan sat beside his brother’s bed, holding Nate’s hand in his. “There you are,” he murmured when he felt Nate’s grasp tighten. “Come on back. You’re all right.” 
“Hmm.” Nate stirred and opened his eyes, blinking in confusion. “Jon?” 
“Right here.” Jonathan pressed his brother’s hand in return, then changed his grip to help Nate sit up. “How are you feeling?” 
“Alive.” Nate raised his hand to his face, touching it as though to reassure himself of his continued existence. “Which isn’t what I was expecting. Jon, please. You have to tell me.” He looked across at Jonathan, his eyes openly terrified. “What did I do last night?” 
“Nothing, really. And no, I’m not lying to you,” Jonathan overrode his brother’s objection without a qualm. “Whatever they told you, whatever they said they were going to make you do, it didn’t happen. We stopped it. Together.” He let some of his own regret bleed into his expression. “I’m only sorry I didn’t realize sooner.” 
“You—oh, my God,” Nate got out, and flung himself across the intervening space. Jonathan met him halfway, and they held on tight, shaking in mingled laughter and tears. The worst had passed, and still they stood, together. 
“I guess you waived the gown requirement,” Nate said when they finally let each other go, a long time later. “For riding in to rescue me.” 
“You’re dressed as a girl.” Jonathan gestured to the costumes they both wore. “It still counts. Besides, who said I was rescuing you? I might have been there for the Queen. She’s alive,” he added as fear flickered once more in Nate’s eyes. “She lost a little blood, but the healers took care of it. She’s going to be okay.” 
“Figures.” Nate exhaled one long breath. “I never was much good under pressure.” He grinned, the expression a trifle shaky but still real. “Still, I tried, and I doubt anyone’s happy with me for it. How soon do they want us out of their country?” 
“Funny thing about that.” Jonathan led his brother to a small group of chairs by the fireplace. “They have provisions in their laws for exactly this kind of situation. Someone under compulsion magics isn’t legally responsible for what he does, unless it can be proved he agreed to the compulsion because he wanted to do it anyway. And since that doesn’t apply here…” 
“No. Oh, God, no.” Nate shuddered, staring at his hands. “It was like the worst nightmare you could imagine, except I couldn’t wake up. It just went on and on, and I could only do the tiniest little things to try and stop it. But then you were there.” He turned to look into the low-burning flames. “You were there, and I couldn’t do that. I couldn’t hurt you. I could feel it shoving at me, trying to force me into that, the way it could force me into everything else, but no. Just no. I wasn’t going to do that again.” He pressed his fingers against his forehead. “It felt like an explosion inside my mind, and then everything got even more muddled. A lot of voices, and a lot of movement, but not a lot of sense. Until now.” 
“That must have been when you broke free from the spell.” Jonathan mimicked stretching a piece of string. “It snapped back and knocked you silly for a while, but they know how to deal with that here. Magical healing for magical hurts.” 
“I think I remember that.” Nate shut his eyes briefly in concentration. “Lady around Mother’s age, but still awfully nice-looking. Redhead, gentle hands, sweet voice.” 
“Never knew you had a thing for older women.” Jonathan returned his brother’s obscene gesture in kind. “Mistress Felicity is her name. You’ll probably get a chance to meet her. In fact, I’d be surprised if you didn’t.” He took a deep breath. “You’re going to be related, or connected, or something like that. Whatever the word is when it happens by marriage.” 
“Girl who gave you that, right?” Nate nodded towards Jonathan’s little cat. “Congratulations, Jon. You deserve it. Really.” He shrugged, a little too casually. “Don’t know what I’m going to do without you, but I suppose I’ll think of something.” 
“You,” said Jonathan firmly, “are staying with us. Until and unless you don’t want to anymore.” 
“Be serious, Jon.” Nate shook his head. “This is a whole new life for you we’re talking about. You can’t let me hold you back forever.” 
Mentally, Jonathan counted backwards from sixteen by threes in German. “You’re right about one thing,” he said when he was sure his voice was calm. “It’s a whole new life for me. Which means I get to choose who’s part of it.” He pointed a finger at his brother. “And I choose you, Nate. I want you there. You’re not holding me back, or a burden to me, or anything else that stupid brain of yours is telling you that you are.” A snort escaped him before he could stop it. “Trust me, I’ve heard it all before in my own head, and it’s not true for you any more than it is for me.” 
“Are you so sure?” Nate countered. “What if this happens again, and someone uses me to get to you? They could do it.” He laughed bitterly. “A drunk like me makes an easy target. That much I remember.” 
“Right now, that’s true. But it doesn’t always have to be.” Suppressing a snarl of rage at the men who had used his brother’s weakness to hurt him, Jonathan spoke softly. “Let me help you, Nate. I’ve wanted to for years, but everything was against us. The best we could do was endure and move on. Now we’re finally in a place where you can have a fighting chance. Don’t tell me you hung on this long just to give up at the end.”  
Nate buried his face in his hands. “God, Jon,” he said indistinctly through them. “You’re not going to let this go, are you?” 
“Not if it means letting go of you.” Jonathan didn’t bother to hide his smile, since his brother wasn’t looking anyway. “You keep talking like this, I might have to say it right out loud, and embarrass the both of us into next week. In fact, I think I’ll do that now. Nate, I lo—”
“Don’t.” Nate raised a hand without looking up. “I know, all right? And I do too, but…” He trailed off, his shoulders quivering. Jonathan sat silently, waiting for his brother’s decision, praying with every breath that it would be the right one. 
“What the hell,” Nate said at last. “I promised I’d never let you do the crazy stuff alone, and what’s crazier than taking a chance on me?” He looked up, and his smile shone bright. “If you want me that badly, I’m in.” 
“Finally.” Jonathan pretended to blot sweat off his forehead. “If you kept holding out, I was going to find the nearest horse trough and duck your head in it until you saw sense.” 
“I thought you wanted to help me, not drown me.” Nate turned to stare into the fire once more. “Jon, are you really sure about this?” he asked quietly. “There’s this emptiness inside me, this hunger for something. I don’t know what it is. I’ve never known.” Turning his hands from front to back, he gazed at them. “It wasn’t so bad years ago. When I had my horses, and I could ride whenever I wanted to. Thunder, and Prancer, and little Foxy. God, I miss them sometimes. And then there was Father’s pack.” He chuckled once. “Well, maybe they belonged to Father, but they answered to me. It used to drive him mad how his dogs preferred me over him.” 
“You took the time to pay attention to them. He never did. But maybe that wasn’t quite all there was.” Jonathan got to his feet. “There’s someone I want you to meet, if you’re up to it.” 
“Your lady?” Nate shrugged at Jonathan’s nod. “She might as well see the worst, if she’s going to agree to my cluttering up the place. Go ahead, bring her in.” 
Jonathan went to the door and tapped three times, and Cecilia opened it, cradling a small glass ball in her hand. “You’re sure about this,” he said to her. 
“It’s the only thing that makes sense.” Cecilia rolled the ball in a circle in her palm. “If it’s not true, we’ll work from there. But I trust Mother. Do you trust me?” 
“With more than my life.” Stepping back, Jonathan watched her enter, and saw the surprise and appreciation in Nate’s face as he stood to greet her. 
“Your Highness,” he said, sweeping her a courtly bow, suited to the costume she still wore. “You honor this humble warrior with your visit.” 
Smiling, Cecilia curtsied in response. “My name is Cecilia, if he hasn’t gotten around to that part yet,” she said, nodding towards Jonathan as he returned to the fireside. “And you’re Nathaniel, or may I say Nate?” 
“Well, if you’re going to take on this troublemaker here, you might as well.” Nate shook his head. “Are you sure you want him around permanently? He snores, you know. Loves telling the same stories over and over. And once, when we were thirteen—” 
“Shut up, Nate,” Jonathan interjected. “I only did it once, but he’s never forgiven me,” he told Cecilia. “That’s the worst of him, is that he holds grudges forever. Oh, and he thinks he’s witty.” 
“And this is why I want to know you both.” Cecilia took her seat, allowing the brothers to do the same. “It helps create a little bit of parity, because now I have another source for what Jon was like growing up. Otherwise he could tell me whatever he pleased, and I’d never know the difference. Whereas with me, he can hear as many different versions of my stories as he cares to, from everyone in this entire palace who’s known me my whole life.” She sighed. “There’s even the possibility that some of them might be true.” 
“My lady, I will be only too happy to give you all the dirt your heart desires.” Nate inclined his head to her. “On one condition. You will never, ever use it to hurt him, because he’s also the best man I know.” 
“You have my word.” Cecilia held up her right hand, as though swearing an oath. “I can’t say I’ll never hurt him with anything, because I know I’ll make mistakes and lose my temper sometimes. But I can promise I won’t throw the past in his face.” She glanced at Jonathan with a smile. “We’ve both been down that road already, and it’s not a place we want to be.” 
Nate groaned under his breath. “Hell and damnation,” he muttered in Jonathan’s direction. “How come you got to meet her first?” 
“Because you didn’t want to go to the palace that day,” Jonathan returned in the same tone. 
“I have friends, you know.” Cecilia chuckled, leaning forward in her chair. “But that’s for another time. Right now, I have a present for you, Nate. Midwinter, Christmas, welcome to the family, all of the above.” She held up the glass ball. “Here you are.” 
Accepting the little sphere, Nate cradled it in his palm. “It’s warm,” he said, studying it with care. “Suppose that’s because you were holding it—whoa!” He sat up straight as a light suddenly kindled in the center of the ball, growing brighter with every second. “What is that?” 
“Don’t worry. It’s a children’s toy. Completely harmless.” Turning her head, Cecilia dropped a quick wink to Jonathan. “Why don’t you try telling it to be green instead of white?” 
“As easy as that?” Nate shrugged. “Why not? Be green,” he told the ball. 
The light obediently turned a vibrant emerald. 
“Um.” Nate set the ball carefully in his lap and dried his palms on his trousers, then picked it up again. “Red?” 
A brilliant ruby light radiated outward from the tiny sphere. 
“And one more for good measure.” Nate looked at the ball with concentration, saying nothing aloud, and its light wobbled once or twice, then shifted to a soft, gentle blue. “No offense,” he said quietly. “I just had to be sure…” 
“I understand.” Cecilia nodded. “But now you can see this is no trick. You’re a mage, Nate. My mother sensed your magic while she was healing you. You just never knew about it, because she also sensed that someone channeled your power in another direction when you were young. Think of digging a canal, then diverting a river to fill it.” 
“What direction, though?” Nate shook his head, staring at the little ball in wonder as it shifted color rapidly, in answer to his thoughts. “How do you divert magic?” 
“Weren’t you just talking about how you missed the dogs?” Jonathan asked, unable to keep himself from smiling at this confirmation of Nate’s secret wish. “Your horses? That squirrel you tamed, that your mother wouldn’t let you keep in the house? You’ve always been surrounded by animals whenever you had the chance, no matter what we were doing. Even in the middle of lessons, half the time you’d get distracted by the birds outside the window or a beetle climbing the wall. I bet you anything that’s where your magic went. Into being good with animals.” 
“I suppose that makes sense.” Nate closed his hand around the ball, ending the light show. “But who did it? And why?” 
“No idea.” Cecilia spread her hands. “All I know is they seem to have meant well by it. I know magic isn’t common in Pasaka, and it’s not exactly something you can learn to handle by yourself, so directing it into something that wouldn’t draw attention makes sense. And they didn’t seal your power off from you completely, either. They left what you might call a floodgate. A way you could open the original channel again, if you ever needed it.” She smiled slowly. “Tonight, you needed it. To keep a promise.” 
Nate flushed, proving to Jonathan that his brother hadn’t been quite as drunk as he’d seemed on a certain recent night. “It sounds to me like your magic responded to the protection spell Cecy laid on this,” he said, holding out the cat charm for Nate to see. “I think it might have something to do with that punched halfpenny I gave you. Do you have it?” 
“Of course.” Nate dug into his pocket with his free hand, pulling out his watch. “It’s right—hello.” He blinked several times, then turned his hand over. In his palm lay a lopsided disc of metal which might, at some point, have been a coin. “Did I do that?” 
“You’re stronger than you know.” Cecilia held a finger near the coin, but did not touch it. “Don’t feel too bad. Part of mine exploded.” 
“Well, that’s not frightening at all.” Nate held his hands side by side, comparing the light ball with the misshapen coin. “So what happens now? This isn’t just going to go away again.”  
“If you want it returned to the way it was, dormant inside you and only giving you that bond with animals, we can help you do that.” Cecilia twisted a bit of her gown’s tabard between her fingers. “It might be difficult, but our healers are skilled, and they’ll work with you to shape your power as you want it to be. But there’s another possibility.” She lifted the dragon charm she wore, letting it catch the firelight. “You could leave it active, and learn to use it properly. Mages are always in demand, and it’s not too late for you to try something new. To start your own new life, if you will.” 
“A new life.” Nate balanced the little ball on his palm and let it flicker rapidly through all the colors of the rainbow, until finally it steadied down to a faint, doubled pulsing in red. “Hmm. Now there’s a thought.” He looked up at Jonathan and Cecilia. “Tell me this. Just hypothetically, would things be simpler for everyone if I’d died tonight? I’m not going to do anything stupid,” he added irritably at the look on Jonathan’s face. “But think about it. Compulsion spell or not, Nathaniel Brinwald was the person everybody saw attacking their Queen. Wouldn’t it be a lot easier, a lot cleaner, if that spell had backlashed and killed him when it broke?” 
“In purely practical terms, yes.” Cecilia framed her words with care. “But I don’t understand. You’re not dead.” 
“I’m not, no.” Nate grinned. “But what if Nathaniel Brinwald was?” 
Jonathan drew a breath of relief as his brother’s meaning dawned on him. “Putting an end to your old life,” he said. “To let the new one begin.”
“Exactly.” Nate rolled the ball back and forth on his fingers. “Besides, if I walk away from this as Nathaniel, someone will eventually claim Jon and I planned the whole thing between us, to make ourselves look good and frame the locals.” 
“Forget eventually. Someone already tried it tonight.” Jonathan scowled. “Which means other people won’t be far behind.” 
“I like the idea in general.” Cecilia shifted in her chair, looking troubled. “But there is one problem. If you wanted to mingle in society here at the palace, we wouldn’t be able to keep up the story for long. It’s too obvious you and Jon are related when people see you together. So either Jon and I would have to keep to below-stairs company most of the time when we were here, or you would.” 
Nate set the light ball in his lap and turned to Jon, holding out one hand in a fist above his other palm. “Play you for it.” 
“Deal.” Jonathan mimicked the pose. “Ro, sham, bo!” 
Both of them pounded their fists into their palms twice in time with the syllables, then threw out gestures on the third, Jonathan’s a flattened hand, Nate’s two outstretched fingers. 
“Damn it!” Jonathan slumped back in his chair, as Nate grinned again. “How do you always do that?” 
“Who, me, know how you think? Never.” Nate looked back at Cecilia. “You two take the fancy parties,” he said. “I’ll lay low with the servants. Given what he’s been telling me, I’ll likely have more fun.” He rubbed his knuckles against his chin thoughtfully. “Not to mention, I’ll have to pay for that mage training somehow. Wouldn’t hurt me to learn a little more about how work gets done around here.” 
“Half the staff has magic of their own, so you’d be learning both at the same time.” Cecilia smiled. “I think this might work out very well.” 
“But now, for the important question.” Jonathan rubbed his hands together. “What were you thinking of calling yourself?” 
“Don’t rush me. I hadn’t gotten that far yet.” Nate picked up the light ball again, gazing into it as though it would provide him with an answer. “Though as long as I keep to my own level, there’s no need to get too creative. Why not Nathan? Makes more sense with what you call me anyway. And then something simple for the last name.” 
“Brown?” Cecilia suggested. 
“Nathan Brown.” Jonathan tried the name over. “It won’t fool anyone who actually knows us, but it’s not meant to.” He held out his hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Nathan Brown. Call me Jon.” 
“Only if you call me Nate.” 
The brothers shook on their bargain. 
“I won’t miss being Nathaniel all that much. He made an ass of himself on a pretty regular basis.” Nate snickered once. “And I definitely won’t miss sharing a name with a certain stuck-up old windbag. Once everything’s settled and you two are married, what do you say we have a bonfire and burn everything we have that came from him? With any luck, the ashes’ll blow around the world and get up his nose in Pasaka.” 
“You say the weirdest things.” Jonathan shook his head. “And I can’t even explain it as you being a mage now, because you’ve always been like this.” 
“But he’s always been a mage, too.” Cecilia gestured a series of small circles. “Your mysterious friend didn’t take his magic away. She just channeled it into something that looked natural. Both to keep everyone safe around him, and to stop your father from doing anything horrible, like claiming Nate was mad and locking him up.” 
“Oh, because today hasn’t already given me enough fodder for nightmares.” Nate shuddered. “Thank you so much, my lady.” 
“Wait.” Jonathan held up a hand. “She?” 
“Just a feeling.” Cecilia shrugged. “Or a guess. We’ll probably never know.” 
“Well, whoever she was, or he.” Jonathan pressed his fingers to his lips, then raised them to the ceiling. “Thank you. And as for nightmares,” he said, turning back to Nate. “Why don’t we tell you about a little thing called the Tournament of Legends…” 
* * * * *
Much later, when Nate had dozed off in his chair with his new toy cradled in one hand, Cecilia cuddled into Jonathan’s lap, fingers stroking the cord she’d braided for his charm. “So I was thinking earlier,” she murmured. “When we were talking about names.” 
“Mm-hmm.” Jonathan yawned, adjusting his seat. “Seems silly, now, with Nate changing his. Not that I expected it, but it does make sense. No matter what people believed, they’d either look at him with suspicion or with sympathy, and both of those turn corrosive if they go on long enough. Now ‘Nathaniel Brinwald’ can belong to the past, a man who was flawed but brave, and made the right choice when it mattered most.” 
“And meanwhile, our brother Nate can concentrate on learning to control his newfound magic, and finding other ways to cope with problems than the ones inside a bottle.” Cecilia rubbed her face against Jonathan’s chest. “But as I was saying. You don’t need to use his name any longer.” She looked up at him. “Would you possibly care to use mine?” 
“Vecher.” Jonathan pronounced it aloud, accenting the second syllable and giving the central sound the same soft ssh as Cecilia did herself. “Jonathan Vecher.” 
“Sir Jonathan Vecher, thank you.” Cecilia tapped the tip of his nose with a finger. “Don’t forget the Sir.” 
“I’m not about to forget the Sir. Not after His Highness scared ten years off my life granting it to me.” Jonathan snickered. “Maybe that’s his secret for staying so young. Every time he does something like this, he gets a year or two back himself.” 
“In which case, we are all doomed, because he will never die.” Cecilia chuckled, then sobered. “I won’t be offended if you say no, love. I just wanted to offer it to you. Your voice when you said you had no right to your own name…” She shivered. “I never want to hear you hurting that badly again.” 
“My lady, you are the sovereign remedy for the sorrows of my past.” Jonathan adjusted their respective positions until he could look down into Cecilia’s face. “And as such, I will gladly accept your most generous offer. After all.” He chuckled in his turn. “Marriage traditionally changes someone’s name. Why not mine, instead of yours?” 
“Why not indeed.” Cecilia smiled sleepily up at him. “Tell me, Sir Jonathan, are you a believer in long engagements?” 
“In some cases, yes. When one or both parties are young and untried, so that they need to learn who they are themselves before they join their life with another’s. Or when the circumstances of their lives have always been smooth and easy, meaning they need time to discover if they will suit both in good times and in bad. But in other cases…” Jonathan shook his head. “No. Not at all.” 
“Then what do you say to being married on Christmas Eve?” 
Jonathan laughed in surprise. “Hold on a second. Aren’t women supposed to drag things out when it comes to weddings, and men just want to hurry up and get it over with? Here I was thinking a month or two, maybe a few weeks. But three days?” 
“What’s wrong?” Cecilia grinned. “Think you can’t have your suit ready in time?” 
“Ha.” Jonathan pointed a thumb at Nate. “With his trunks to rummage through, my only problem will be choosing one. But you have family.” He sighed. “Some of whom wear crowns. Which is going to take getting used to, but I’ll manage. In any case, won’t they want to be here?” 
“That’s the thing. They’re already on their way.” Cecilia giggled. “Every few years, one set of royalty travels to spend the winter holidays with the other one, and this just happens to be an Olechna year. My cousin Mizu and her family should be here tomorrow. Later today, really, since it’s already after midnight.” 
“I have a sneaking suspicion I’ve been set up.” Jonathan shrugged. “And I find I don’t particularly care. Very well, my lady. The Eve of Christmas let it be.” 
“Good.” Cecilia nodded decisively. “That way, you will never have an excuse to forget our anniversary.” 
“True enough. But I have a perfect excuse to forget your birthday.” Jonathan kissed the edge of Cecilia’s forehead. “I don’t know it yet.” 
“You’re going to laugh.” Cecilia smiled ruefully. “It’s tomorrow. Actual tomorrow, in this case. The twenty-third.” 
“Well, then.” Jonathan pretended to make a note on his leg. “Three presents, all in December. Check.” 
Cecilia closed her eyes and leaned her face against Jonathan’s shoulder. “He knows,” she breathed in ecstasy. “He already knows, and doesn’t have to be told!” She opened one eye to peer up at him. “Am I wrong to be glad Pasakan girls are all blind?” 
Jonathan settled her weight more comfortably into his lap and closed his own eyes. “Why don’t we just say,” he murmured into the darkness, “you see things differently than most.” 
For which I will never stop thanking God, and all the saints and heroes. 
And that is a promise. 

  
Epilogue

Jonathan Vecher slid his arms into the sleeves of his blue dressing gown and padded across the moonlit chamber on slippered feet, drawing a deep breath of the chill night air as he opened the full-length window. The scents of woodsmoke and snow greeted him, equal in their allure to the gentle aromas of floral soap and clean sheets which hung about the bed he’d left behind. 
“New night, brand new story,” he murmured, crossing to lean on the rail of the small balcony outside the palace guest suite to which he and Cecilia had retired a few hours before, after the quiet wedding ceremony which had slotted neatly into Midnight Mass in the chapel of the Vakara Palace. “And they all lived happily ever after. The beginning.” He gazed up at the stars, recalling another night, another set of constellations, another conversation. “But will we? Will we really?” 
“Doubting already?” asked a voice, startling Jonathan into a jump. “Beg your pardon. I didn’t mean to intrude.” 
“Then what are you doing here?” Jonathan turned to face Master Yuri, looking him over skeptically. “For that matter, how did you get here? I think I would have noticed you sneaking into the room, or climbing up the wall.” 
“As I told you once. I come and go as I’m needed.” Master Yuri removed his blue-tinted glasses, polishing them against the hem of his red robe. “Think of me as a fairy godfather, if you will.” He rolled his eyes before replacing the glasses. “And yes, I know godmothers are the usual thing. For some reason, more women than men in your part of the world turn out magical. No one really knows why. It just happens.” 
“So there are mages in Pasaka, then?” Jonathan snorted at his own foolishness almost before he’d finished speaking. “Listen to me. Of course there are. How else can you explain what happened to Nate?” He let his eyes roam along the wall of the palace, picking out the room two floors up and several windows over where his brother was sleeping (most likely in four-legged company, as a handful of cats and two of the Queen’s retired hunting dogs had attached themselves to him within his first full day at the palace). “Thank God for her, whoever she was. Assuming Cecy’s guess was correct, and what you’re saying makes it sound likely.” 
“She was indeed correct.” Master Yuri’s voice lost all trace of its playfulness. “In fact, I can tell you exactly who channeled your brother’s magic. A lady born in your land, but who traveled through these parts when she was young, and to whom many people owe a great deal. Myself included.” He closed his eyes briefly. “I have made,” he said, “some extremely stupid decisions in my life. One of them ended up trapping me in a very dark place, a place where I thought no one would ever find me or help me. She did both, and afterwards she gave me this, and all that goes with it.” He tugged at the hem of his robe. “A new purpose in life, to help others as I once was helped. You could honestly say that everything I have today, I owe to that lady.” 
“Who is she?” Jonathan asked. “Would I recognize her?” 
“You might, yes.” Master Yuri drew a small item from his pocket and lifted its curved glass lid. An image formed out of the mist that billowed on its disc-like bottom, a dark-skinned woman with a quiet smile, dressed in a grey gown and a flowing violet cloak. “I knew her as Grace Nadochos, but by the time you met her, she was Dame Grace Andina.” 
“But that doesn’t make any sense.” Jonathan stared at the image. “I do remember her, but she was just an ordinary woman, a friend of Nate’s mother, with a little girl of her own. Verity, I think. How could someone like her be a fairy godmother?” 
“Very well, thank you.” Master Yuri slid away his little toy, then scooped up a handful of snow and compacted it into a ball. “Imagine rolling one of these down a mountainside. If you found the right place, you could spark quite an avalanche with it. Finding the right place was Grace’s gift. She did it every day of her life, occasionally with magic, but far more often with words. The right words, to the right person, at the right time.” He tossed the snowball in the air and caught it. “Such as when she mentioned to her hostess’s young son that the children in the village were sometimes cruel to his brother. How easy it would be for their ugly games to go too far. And that little boy decided he ought to stay nearby his brother and watch. Just in case.” 
Jonathan shut his own eyes, shaken to his core. “You’re not the only one, then,” he said softly. “Not the only one who owes her everything.” 
“No, I’m not. But there was more between you and Grace than that.” Master Yuri gestured to the space above Jonathan’s head. “She laid a single spell on you during the time you knew her. Nothing that affected you directly,” he added before Jonathan could react. “A message, if you will. To other people who do what she once did.” 
“Like you?” 
“Like me.” Master Yuri nodded. “In simplest terms, it said, ‘He could help a lot of people if he gets the chance. Why not give him one?’ And I knew, when I met you onboard that ship, that something was brewing in Olechna. So I steered you and your brother this way, and…” He spread his hands. “Here we are.” 
“In other words, you set us up.” Jonathan couldn’t quite keep the flat tone of anger out of his voice. “You made this happen. None of it is really mine at all, is it?” 
“That’s not what I said.” Master Yuri shook his head. “I may have started you on this journey, but I’m no more responsible for the rest of it than you are for everything that happened back in Pasaka, after you introduced your brother to Agnes. And she, by the by, is all right,” he said, his tone calm and casual but the words deflating Jonathan’s anger in an instant. “You’ll have to learn anything more specific by the usual means, but now you have the chance to do just that, and I can tell you this much. She had her own time of troubles, but she did find help, and today she, and her offspring, are all safe and well.” 
“Thank you.” Jonathan leaned against the railing of the balcony. “It will mean the world to Nate when I tell him that. And I do see what you mean,” he added reluctantly. “If I can’t take the blame for everything that happened, neither should you. But it’s not quite the same, is it?” A small flicker of temper rekindled in his chest. “I can’t use magic to change how people behave, and I never pushed anyone into places they wouldn’t ordinarily go—”
“Neither did I.” Master Yuri folded his arms across his chest. “Demons and gods, but you’ve got a strange idea of how this works. The most magic I ever used was juggling a few probabilities on Midwinter’s Night, to make sure your friends were nearby when you needed them. But tell me this, Jonathan Vecher.” He met Jonathan’s eyes through his tinted lenses. “Why did those people become your friends in the first place? Why were they willing to stop and help you, to believe you when you said things were urgent, to slip you around the rules and get you to your brother in time?” 
Jonathan opened his mouth, then closed it again. “I suppose,” he said slowly, “they did it because of me.” 
“Exactly.” Master Yuri gestured to him with a flourish. “You treated them with kindness and respect, and won their regards by it. When you made a mistake and hurt your lady, you mended it at the first opportunity you had. ” He turned to look up toward Nate’s window, as Jonathan had earlier. “And you kept the promise you made about your brother that night aboard ship, even when it would have been easier to forget about it.” He smiled. “It’s your story, Jonathan. Your actions shaped it from beginning to end. All I did was tweak the circumstances a little.” 
“More than a little. But I see your point.” Jonathan brushed a bit of snow from the railing, watching it fall towards the gardens below. “What promise did you mean? I’ve made a lot of them when it comes to Nate. Generally along the lines of ‘I swear I won’t kill him tonight, no matter how irritating he gets’.” 
“No, this was something different.” Master Yuri ran a hand across his chin. “I believe it went like this.” Clearing his throat, he pitched his voice into a startlingly good imitation of Jonathan himself. “I’d be willing to do pretty much anything, short of mayhem or murder. However hard it is, I promise I’ll do it.” With one finger, he traced a line across the darkness, as though wishing on a shooting star. “Just help me find the way to save my brother.”
“I do remember.” Jonathan smiled. “And it didn’t turn out to be that hard at all. Confusing and terrifying at times, but not hard.” 
“That’s because you haven’t reached the hard part yet.” Master Yuri dropped the voice, speaking in his own tones once more. “When you and your brother were boys, you looked up to him and followed his lead in things. But at some point in your lives, those roles switched around.” One hand flipped back and forth in the air. “He doesn’t realize it, but he looks up to you now, and follows your lead. Which means, if you want him to be happy and stay that way…” 
“I’ll have to be happy myself. And stay that way.” Jonathan glanced over his shoulder at the window, and through it to the bed, where a slender form could be seen curled into a nest of blankets and pillows. “That is hard. But not impossible, and I’ll have help. Besides.” He grinned a little. “I have to do it. I promised.” 
“So you did.” Master Yuri threaded his fingers through the end of the dark sash which held his robe closed. “So you did indeed.” 
“You never did tell me how you got out here, you know.” Jonathan flattened his hand against another section of snow, feeling it compact and melt from the heat of his palm. “Or what you were doing on that ship in the first place. Or…” He stiffened as a salient fact, momentarily forgotten, made itself known. “Or how you know what I promised that night. I was in our cabin when I said it. Nate was asleep, no one else was around, and you couldn’t possibly have heard me from the deck.” He pressed his fingers to the side of his forehead. “Who are you? Besides a fairy godfather, or whatever you want to be called?” 
“The post has many names. Chronicler, caretaker, guardian of happy endings.” Master Yuri undid the knot in his sash, letting his robe hang loosely. “Myself, I prefer lorekeeper. But that’s what I do, not who I am.” He smiled softly, gazing up at the stars. “One of the things I do, at any rate. As for myself, I haven’t told you any lies. My name is Yuri, and I come from the land of Tonadel. Or at least that’s where I was born.” 
“A red-haired little boy.” Jonathan nodded. “Cecy mentioned that, when we were talking about heroes. You must have been named after the Tiger’s Cub.” 
“Not exactly.” Master Yuri chuckled. “Tell me this, Sir Jonathan. Someday you may have the same problem, so to speak, as Sir Alexei, and look much younger than you are. If a little child runs up to you and says, ‘Your name is Jonathan! You must be named after the hero who saved Queen Leah!’, what would you tell them?” 
“Well, I’d have to say I’m not.” Jonathan laughed in his turn. “A man can’t exactly be named after himself!” 
Master Yuri smiled again, and said nothing for several seconds. “The stars really are lovely,” he mused aloud at last, while Jonathan was still struggling to find words. “And the tales they have to tell us? Every one of them, true.” He turned, his robe flaring out to reveal that he wore beautifully worked armor underneath it, and a sword, gleaming slightly in the starlight, riding at his hip. “I should get back. A lot of people will be telling their little ones Tournament stories tonight, and it would never do for one of the heroes to be absent from the ranks.” 
“Wait.” Jonathan found his voice, and Master Yuri paused, looking back at him. “The day I met you in the market, when we bought charms from the same merchant. She said to give her regards to your lady. To Kana. Is that—does that mean—” He shook his head, trying to put his thoughts in order. “Did she get her happy ending after all?” 
“I try my best to be sure that she does, every day of our lives.” Master Yuri bowed. “Which is what I wish for you and your Cecilia also. Good night, Sir Jonathan Vecher, and a very merry Christmas.” 
He raised a hand, in farewell or in blessing, then turned in place and was gone. 
“And a merry Christmas to you.” Jonathan looked up once more, laughing under his breath as he picked out a certain shape among the stars. “Lord Yuri Highwell.”
   
Author’s Note

Quite a ride, isn’t it? 
So now for the tale of how this story came about. As I have for the last twelve years now, I participated in National Novel Writing Month this year, working on a sequel to my short piece “The Violet Cloak: A Marrain Legend”. As one of my readers pointed out, the main story in that piece carries some pretty scary implications unless you know all the circumstances involved, and I thought it would be fun to explore certain characters’ reactions to those implications. 
Halfway through the month, I paused to write a little scene from the far future of my NaNovel, after the characters had come safely through their major troubles and were busy working out their happily ever after. Soon afterwards, it occurred to me that the timing of that far future intersected with the other stories I’ve written in this universe, those of the Marrain family in the land of Pasaka. The Marrains themselves are happily settled and not likely to travel, but maybe someone else from Pasaka had journeyed to the lands I was writing about. But why? 
One of the Marrain stories I have yet to write is “Mother, May I”, featuring a girl named Agnes, whose mother attacked her lover in a tower and was killed by him. (The Marrain stories are all inspired by traditional fairy tales. On a completely unrelated note, the plant known as rapunzel can also be called lamb’s lettuce.) Originally I had thought that Agnes’s lover blamed her for the attack and abandoned her because of it, but what if, I wondered, he blamed himself instead, and was parted from her by other means? 
From such small wonderings, apparently, come very large stories. I also found inspiration in fairy tales about brothers with differing natures, though I took the liberty of letting my bad brother get some redemption. Nate quickly became a character I liked very much, and he may even get his own entry in this series, though not for a while. 
If you’re curious about Master Yuri’s tale, of how a legend became a lorekeeper, I actually started writing it earlier this year, then lost my inspiration for no reason I could discern at the time. Apparently I couldn’t finish that story because I had to write this one first. (Who knew?) It is called “In Time” and should, assuming my brain cooperates, be finished sometime in 2019. 
Prince Eugene of Pasaka and Verity Andina, both of whom were mentioned in passing in The Promise, also have a story of their own, this one available to read right now. It is entitled “Nobody’s Daughter” and is available on its own on Amazon, or as part of the collection called After Ever at other retailers. Similarly, the tale of King Katsu of Berudo and Grace Nadochos, Verity’s mother, is told in “The Violet Cloak”, again available on its own on Amazon or as part of After Ever.
As for that NaNovel I set aside to write The Promise, it remains untitled and unfinished at the moment, but it is the story of Sir Alexei, bodyguard and brother in affection to King Katsu. Fearing that young Queen Mizuki is somehow responsible for the disappearance of the rest of her family, Alexei attaches himself to a Berudan delegation traveling to a border war in their neighboring land of Olechna, hoping to find out the truth. What he finds instead is a royal family keeping a secret of their own, a lonely princess terrified of her power, a young mage who must choose between his promise and his past, and far more questions than answers. 
How did we get from there to here? 
Well, you’ll just have to read that story (when it’s done) and find out. For now, if you have enjoyed The Promise, why not turn the page and learn about other things I have written? Thank you so much for your interest, and may you have a wonderful and blessed holiday, of whatever sort you happen to celebrate. 
One final note: if the hero stories and costumes described here sound familiar to you, then you probably experienced ultimate happiness on December 7, 2018. That is all I shall say. And yes, of course I am a massive nerd, why would you ever have thought differently? 

 

   
Also by Anne B. Walsh 

If you enjoyed The Promise, you may also like: 

Free to read online
King of Peace and Glory, Anne’s 2017 holiday collection, is available FREE at most e-book retailers. It contains four holiday-themed stories from the author’s varied sci-fi and fantasy worlds, including “Somebody’s Children”, a tale of the Marrain family at Christmastime. 
Star of Wonder, a FREE unitary edition of four previously published holiday stories, compiles in one place the ongoing saga of the space-faring Aelur folk, wandering singers and storytellers to the greater galaxy. 

Available for purchase
The other currently available stories in the Marrain universe have been published individually on Amazon, as “Why, Grandmother”, “Nobody’s Daughter”, and “The Violet Cloak: A Marrain Legend”. At other retailers, they can be found in a combined form entitled After Ever, which also includes “Somebody’s Children”. 
Historical fantasy A Widow in Waiting, set in an alternate England and Ireland in the mid-1780’s, mingles elements of mystery, romance, and humor with a richly detailed tale of family, duty, and identity. 
Soft science fiction novel Killdeer examines how past and future combine, collide, and collude to produce the ever-changing present. It introduces the extended family known as the Aelur whose stories are continued in Star of Wonder. 
Anne’s holiday specials, five of which are available for purchase as of this writing: Sing We Now of Christmas (2012), In the Bleak Midwinter (2013), Tomorrow Shall Be My Dancing Day (2014), Masters in this Hall (2015), and I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day (2016). 
All these works should be available for purchase now at the same e-book retailer where you obtained The Promise. Please search for them if they sound interesting, and visit Anne’s Facebook page for details on upcoming works! 

  
About the Author

Anne B. Walsh does whatever her brain is letting her do today. Sometimes that includes writing. She wages her daily battles with the mental tyrant outside Pittsburgh, PA, in the house she shares with one sister-friend, two large and goofy black dogs, and two bossy and opinionated black cats. Her other preoccupations include cooking and baking tasty foods, singing with her church choir, telling terrible jokes, playing video games badly, and watching video games be played well on YouTube and Twitch. Please visit her Facebook page to learn more, and thanks for reading!  

