


“A super read I loved this book, a great debut from an undiscovered gem”
Sid Marks


“I’m a fiction fan and this book did it for me from the first chapter.”
shona@marketing


“Something for everyone”
Bridge B.


The Tessellation Saga

Book 2
The One


By
D. J. Ridgway

***


The Tessellation Saga
Copyright © D. J. Ridgway 2013


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, scanned, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes without the permission of the author.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own free copy at Smashwords.com.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.  The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously

Contains Adult Reading Material


***


Dedications

For Gillian and Simon


***


Table of Contents

The Story so Far…

Chapter 1 - Seekers
Chapter 2 - The Village Green
Chapter 3 - Fire Ants
Chapter 4 - Murder
Chapter 5 - The Heart of the Piece
Chapter 6 - Tea
Chapter 7 - Toby Reaches Branton
Chapter 8 - Gideon’s Relapse
Chapter 9 - Young Jed Leaves the Company
Chapter 10 - Varen Meets His Twin
Chapter 11 - Jedadiah Bleeds
Chapter 12 - The Twins Talk
Chapter 13 - Several Stitches
Chapter 14 - The Branton Road
Chapter 15 - Young Jed Grieves
Chapter 16 - Mayan awakens
Chapter 17- Gath Laughs
Chapter 18 - Tales Told of Slaves
Chapter 19 - Gath Leaves Devilly
Chapter 20 - The Latticework Coffin
Chapter 21 - The Clearing
Chapter 22 - Tom and Selda Hollins
Chapter 23 - Blue
Chapter 24 - Gath Reaches Green Home
Chapter 25 - Frustration
Chapter 26 - The Valley
Chapter 27 - Arotia
Chapter 28 - More Frustration
Chapter 29 - Boys Become Men
Chapter 30 - More Tales Told
Chapter 31 - The Sentient Crystal
Chapter 32 - Sonal Returns Home
Chapter 33 - The Crystal Rages
Chapter 34 - Gath Feels the Magic
Chapter 35 - Gath Meets His Son
Chapter 36 - Lessons Continue
Chapter 37 - Mayan Is Lonely
Chapter 38 - Medim Despairs
Chapter 39 - The Man in the Mirror
Chapter 40- Into the Gateway
Chapter 41 - A Final Battle


About the Author:

Excerpt from MeGath: Book 3 of ‘The Tessellation Saga.’


The Story so Far…

A young, heavily pregnant girl with an arrow lodged firmly in her back flees through a fierce storm across a dense forest.  An age-old wolf leads Jedadiah Green, a hermit living in the forest to her, she dies but not before telling the hermit, ‘save my baby.’
Gideon Green has grown up as a woodsman’s son who wants nothing more than to wed his fiancée Mayan and stay beside his beloved forest.  On the eve of Mayan and her twin’s eighteenth birthday, Gideon gives them both a gift, a small gemstone necklace he has made with the help of Sonal, a family friend and mage.  As Gideon cuts the leather ties for Jed’s stone, he inadvertently cuts his hand and in a moment of madness, Jed takes the knife and cutting his own hand takes Gideon’s bloody hand in his, thus sharing their blood and making them blood brothers.
Jed leaves shortly after to join the army in Devilly, the capital of Derova and be a king’s man under King Gath.  During a parade, Gath feels the power in Jed’s shared blood and begins an investigation.
Meanwhile a captured prisoner from the Bleak, an area of Derova that Gath knows well is brought before Gath, for questioning.  He finds an intriguing tattoo across the prisoners back and harvests the skin to hang it in a frame, the prisoner himself, weak and ill escapes with the help of Lemba, one of the king’s body slaves.
Jed meets and falls in love with the silent girl and endeavours to find out about her but after the company receive orders to find the escaped prisoner, his search for the girl is cut short.  After weeks of searching and in the foulest of weather, Jed collapses on the back of an old cart.  The owner of the cart takes him in and for her own reasons cannot inform the authorities that she has him.  Lying in a soft warm bed Jed begins to recover and dreams of seeing his friend Sonal.
Toby Hollins is also a villager from Green Home and is taken to see Gath for starting rumours about the image on the coins of the realm, ‘Gids,’ he calls the coins, telling everyone that Gideon Green is the ‘Spit out o’ the king’s mouth.’ Intrigued, Gath performs a magic spell using Toby’s blood and memories to see this Gideon Green and at once realises that Gideon is his son.  He wants Gideon back, wants the power he has harnessed in his blood and he makes Toby a sergeant giving him an elite corps of troopers with the order to bring Gideon in.  ‘I don’t care what you have to do to get him, but get him,’ the king says.
Lemba sitting on some cushions in the room where Gath creates his spell overhears and realises that the man Toby has been told to find is Jed’s brother, in shock she accidently knocks over an ornament bringing Gath’s back attention to her and he gives Lemba to Toby as a gift, ‘after your mission is complete,’ he says.  As a reminder of what is to be his, he pulls a thick swatch of Lemba’s hair from her head and magically fashions a silver braided necklace that twists and turns of its own accord in time with Lemba’s own hair when the two are close together.
After Sonal has a vision of the brother he thought had lost years ago, he seeks out Jedadiah in the forest to tell him what has happened.  Sonal explains he ‘saw’ Varen with young Jed and Jedadiah invites him to accompany the family to Branton, a town three days away from Green home.  From there he says Varen and Gideon can drive on to Devilly to see young Jed and allay his fears.  ‘Gid ‘as not been out o’ the forest before, he says, ‘p’haps ‘e should see some o’ the world afore ‘e weds.’  The family leave for the visit to Gideon’s grandparents but whilst on the journey across the country, Gideon becomes ill; Sonal looks into the ether and attempts to send a spell of healing into the young boy but is astonished at the power he finds within him.  He wonders if it is because he is travelling away from the forest, but forgets his theory as Gideon quickly gets better when they arrive.
After a final beating from Gath, Lemba, bruised and bloody escapes with Rhoald and head toward her sister’s cottage, the same cottage that she took the escaped prisoner, Varen too.  As Jed awakens, he finds Lemba beside him and he declares his love.  He soon realises the escaped prisoner is also in the house and that he is the brother of Sonal.  Lemba explains using her hands to speak, that Gath is sending Toby to get Gideon.  At first disbelieving and with his conscience about his oath as a king’s man in his heart, he decides to go back to the army but still weak he sits on a bench outside a pub to rest for a moment.  Through an open window, he recognises Toby’s voice and overhears him saying he is now a sergeant.  Sick to his stomach Jed surmises that if that aspect of the tale is true, then the rest must be too.  Worried for his friend and his family, Jed returns and joins the small band heading toward Green Home.
After travelling for over a week Toby, with his newly sewn chevrons still clean upon his arm sits atop his horse at the outskirts of Green Home Village.  Moving to one side he allows his crack troopers to move before him as they follow the track toward the heart of the village and his revenge.



The Tessellation Saga

Book 2
The One


Chapter 1
Seekers

The cart rolled steadily over the cobbles and Jed stared out at the darkness.  To his amazement, they had managed to pass through the Devilly City Gates without the guards even noticing them, though he had felt nauseous at the sudden smell of rotting vegetables emanating from the crate he was sitting on.  Rubbing his arms at the distinctive telltale sign of magic in the itching and crawling of his skin, he looked across to see if Lemba felt it too but she gave no sign of feeling the magic as she stared out at the rough taverns, warehouses and hidden brothels that she knew were on this side of the city gates.  He took her hand instinctively knowing what she was thinking.
‘Ner love,’ he said ‘never fer you.’  He squeezed her hand and felt her smile though she continued to watch the gaudily dressed women and bawdy men as they cavorted outside the numerous taverns and inns.  He stood up carefully to light a small lamp that swung from a hook behind the driver’s seat, the soft muted light illuminated the young girl sitting directly beneath it and dressed once more as the charcoal burners son.  He smiled, even covered in dirt and ashes he thought her the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, he shook his head knowing that here is where Hackman would eventually have left her, if, he had not killed her first.  A shout interrupted his thoughts as two drunken men began fighting, a sad faced whore stood to one side holding her bloodied cheek, her dress soaked in the ale that was as plentiful as the water in the river.  Lemba trembled slightly, holding her own cheek in silent sympathy and leant against Jed’s legs for support, this was where her father had sold her so long ago, this or somewhere like this, she thought.  The whore got smaller and smaller as the cart rumbled on but Lemba continued to stare as Jed sat down once more and again took her tiny hand in his.  Finally, she turned toward him and buried her face in his warm shoulder, accepting his arms as they protectively curled around her.  One day I will be able to explain to him, she thought, one day.
Rhoàld sat the other side of Lemba and smiled weakly as he felt Jed pull the girl toward him noticing the smile, Jed smiled in return.  He looked quietly at the frail old man thinking he looked a little different from the man he had met in the kitchen of Dotty’s home; at that time, he had thought perhaps the old man had also been ill.  Now, despite the poor light, Jed could see colour in his cheeks that before had seemed washed-out or pale and his eyes were not quite as sunken as they had been.
‘My boy do I look so different from when we first met?’  Rhoàld asked.  ‘Do you not remember me?’
‘Surr,’ Jed replied, ‘I don’t recall us ever meetin’ afore two days ago, though I confess I did think yer looked kinda familiar,’ he answered.
‘I am …was, the Kings aide.’  Rhoàld said quietly, Jed reeled.
‘Yer presented me with the Champion Student cup,’ he said, shocked at the change in the man he knew from experience was no older than his father was.
‘Shh...,’ interrupted Varan who was riding alongside the cart on a gentle beast from Dotty’s small stable.  ‘We must get a little further away before we start talking without wards.’
The company fell into a deep silence as they moved quietly but steadily away from Devilly, although Rhoàld felt Jed’s eyes turn to him repeatedly in disbelief.
Soon the only audible sounds were Varan’s singsong mumbling and the clip clop of the horse as it pulled the creaky cart.  The darkness deepened and the noise of the city gave way to the peace of the night as gradually the streets turned to rough roads and then into dirt tracks and the city fell far behind them but still the little group travelled in silence.
Night turned once more into day as the group continued to move ever forward, each member of the party lost in his or her own thoughts and Jed repeatedly went over in his mind the conversation he had partially overheard through the window of the tavern.  Why send Toby to get Gideon?  He wondered, because, Toby knows Gideon, his thoughts continued.  Then iffen ‘e’s the king’s son, what’s ‘e doin’ at Green Home Village in the first place, ‘n’, why would the village be in danger?  The more he thought about it the more confused he became, the same thoughts rolled around and around in his head before eventually, he fell into a fitful sleep.
Itching skin and the smell of tea woke him, they were still on the move but Dotty, managing to heat a little water on a small-unlit stove was busy handing out tea, bread, ham, fruit and cheese, he could still feel the faint itching in his skin as he took his tea.
‘I did tell you that I might have need of my herbs,’ she said, smiling as she handed Jed a mug and a small platter.
‘Hot?’  Jed queried, staring at the stove, acknowledging the fact that it was not actually burning.
‘Ah now, I did also mention that I could do things…,’ she added with a grin as she offered a second steaming cup to Varan, still riding alongside the cart.
Day turned slowly once more into night and the company stopped beside a quiet brook to rest the horses and stretch their legs.  Varan, as usual when they stopped, walked in a tight circle around the group mumbling in his singsong way and although Jed tried hard to ignore the movement in his peripheral vision, found the constant circling irritating.  As they travelled, Lemba had been by his side day and night and had noticed his irritation.
‘Close your eyes to it!’  She said, using her finger-speak.
‘I can’t’, Jed replied, adding, ‘I won’t be able to talk with you!’  Lemba smiled shyly and their lessons continued until the moon had gone behind clouds and it became too dark to see.
Rhoàld seemed to have become pale and wan once more and was trying to sleep on the floor of the cart, he had watched Jed and Lemba, happy in each other’s company and he wished them well but their burgeoning love had only served to make him miss his Bastian even more.
Before light, they prepared to continue their journey, loading up the cart in the dark and sweeping the area to ensure they had left no sign of their passing.  Jed thought constantly of home and of Toby and his crack troopers all travelling on king’s horses and without a doubt, a lot faster than they were.
Dawn approached once more and Rhoàld began to feel uneasy again, Bastian was gone from him and he felt alone.  He thought of Gath and the way he would smile welcoming him into his presence.  He will have missed me by now, he mused as he watched the sun trying to rise behind the trees in the distance, turning part of the sky a dappled red and yellow and cloaking the rest of the earth with a grey blanket.  Gath’s handsome face swam before him and he felt the loss and loneliness of his king.  Guilt plagued him; he could feel Gath’s presence growing in his head.  I should never have left when my king needed me so badly, his guilty thoughts consumed him and he cried out in his mind.  Here, my lord I am here…!
Varan stopped his weary horse and stared back the way he had come.
‘Seekers…,’ he hissed, ‘hold hands quickly...’ he shouted, jumping lithely from the horse and clambering onto the back of the small cart.  Jed who had been dozing felt his hand grabbed tightly by Rhoàld who had leant forward as if in great pain, immediately his palm began to burn hot and his neck itched.  He tried to pull away unaware of the trauma escalating within the man’s mind, Rhoàld was crying and keening like a child who had lost his mama as droplets of blood began to ooze from his brow.  Dotty grabbed his other hand and felt the power coursing through him.
‘Varan,’ she called, her voice sounding shrill, ‘he seeks Rhoàld… do something.’
‘Fool,’ Varan shouted at Jed who had finally managed to loosen his hand from Rhoàld’s vice like grip.  ‘Help him man, pour your strength into him.’  Jed took the hand once more and stared at the blood beginning to run down the face of the king’s aide, Rhoàld slumped into unconsciousness.  Confused and scared, Jed looked at the man before him, he looked near to death, not at all like the man who had presented him with his award and he thought of Rhoàld as he had first seen him, a tall strong man of about fifty summers.
The wind had been blowing quite fiercely as the championship competition had come to a finale and the last of the bouts were completed despite the worsening weather.  Gath had left the ceremony as the wind had grown stronger leaving Rhoàld, to act in his stead, high up on the Dias the officers and their wives stood to acknowledge the champions each one holding onto a railing or even each other as they braced themselves against the strength of the wind.  Rhoàld alone had stood firm as the champions approached, the wind just did not seem to touch him.  At the time, he had been reminded of the mighty sentinel oak he and Gideon had often climbed as children.  It stood tall and broad, seemingly immovable, a giant on top of his tower, steady and sound.  So that’s why I didn’t recognise yer, Jed thought as the blood ceased to flow from the man’s forehead and the air around them cooled rapidly.
‘Well done my boy,’ said Varan wearily.  ‘That vision of Rhoàld was perfect.  I remember him the same way,’ he added as Lemba and Dotty nodded their heads.
‘You saw me thoughts!’  Jed stated in a stunned voice.
‘I will explain my boy but first I will need to put up stronger wards,’ he answered and moved, ready to jump off the cart.  From the corner of his eye, he noticed the charm that once mended, again hung around Rhoàld’s neck, he remembered when he had last seen it; he had been in the king’s chamber within the castle, a prisoner, chained and bound as entertainment for the king just as Rhoàld had lately been.  No wonder it’s taken so long for Gath to find us…, he mused, somebody loved you very much..., smiling wearily, he passed a finger over the small charm and mumbled once more adding strength to the amulets protection.
‘Dotty would you assist me with the wards please, I am bone weary,’ he asked as he climbed down from the wagon and taking the reins of the loose horse lightly tied them to the tailgate of the cart.  Lemba laid the now naturally sleeping Rhoàld onto the floor of the cart and covered him with a woollen rug taken from one of Dotty’s boxes as Jed stared after Varan and Dotty.
‘I will explain my boy’, he said aloud, peevishly copying Varan’s clear speech, ‘when, when will yer explain?’  Jed asked Varan’s back.  Jumping down from the cart, he began to walk ahead kicking stones and dust up in front of him and looking for the world like a petulant child.  Lemba, watching him, hid a small frown, noticing again the dejection and frustration in the set of his shoulders, before she too leapt lightly from the back of the cart and jogging to catch him up, took his hand.
‘Lemba, I can travel faster on me own,’ Jed began.  Her continued silence became an invitation for Jed to talk and once he started talking he found he could not stop.  Lemba smiled remembering the charcoal burners shed when he had talked for what seemed hours and she had fallen in love.  He spoke of his worry for his family, his frustrations about the whole magic/blood thing, as he called it and his wish to understand.  That and the fact that he felt Varan and Dotty were treating him like a child, he spoke of Toby and the reason he had turned back to join the group fleeing the city.  Lemba shuddered, remembering that Toby was to be her new owner and his promise to her, I’ll tell Jed about Toby just as soon as I can, she vowed.
‘We should make our way toward the river,’ a loud voice interrupted Jed’s speech, ‘we should cross; Gath’s seekers will not be able to locate us so quickly over the water,’ Varan said.  Dotty nodded her head and pointedly looked from Varan to Jed who was still slowly walking ahead with Lemba at his side.
‘He wants to go ahead on his own,’ she said, ‘he doesn’t understand what we are to do.’
‘Madam,’ Varan replied in an exhausted voice, ‘even I don’t know what we are supposed to do.’  Despite his fatigue, he helped Dotty climb back on to the cart giving her instructions to head toward a nearby copse.  Carefully she drove the cart off the road toward the grove of small but dense trees as Varan quickly walked to catch up with the young couple and gently steer them in the same direction.
Cautiously watching their footing in the still lightening sky the three made their way unerringly through the tall grasses with the creaky cart bouncing and jogging along merrily behind them.  The sleeping man in the back of the cart lay undisturbed, despite the incline of the land lending gravity to his prone body and occasionally knocking his head against the buckboard.
Jed felt bound; he did not know why but somehow he knew his fate had entwined with this strange group.  He had known it really from when he had overheard Toby through the window of the Inn.  He looked through his lashes at Varan, Sonal’s brother and he found it difficult not to like the man who reminded him so much of his friend.  The sun was still rising and in the early morning light and Varan looked clearly exhausted, his skin was grey and deep dark circles rimmed his piercing blue eyes.
‘Have I grown an extra head lad, in the few minutes that you have been staring at me I mean?’  Varan laughed to take the sting from his words.
‘I be sorry Sonal, err, I mean Varan...,’ Lemba laughed aloud at the look of consternation on her beloved’s face.  She was much relieved to see more than just the unhappiness and frustration that had been so evident since he had returned silently to Dotty’s house what seemed now to be a lifetime ago but in reality was only two days.  Her laughter stopped abruptly as both men turned to stare at her.
‘You laughed aloud child!’  Varan exclaimed.  Lemba flushed a bright red echoing the newly birthed sun as it continued lightening the shadows around them.  ‘Lemba,’ asked Varan looking at the girl intently, ‘do you have any voice at all?’  Lemba, horrified at the question felt her face burn, tears filled her eyes but she refused to let them fall.  I have no tongue, her heart was screaming in anger and sorrow believing that they wanted her to try to speak.  She pulled her hand from Jed’s and stood with one small fist clenched tightly at her side, the other she clasped across her jerkin feeling the small ornate box sitting inside the lining, the box that she carried everywhere with her.
‘You have such a pretty laugh…,’ said Jed as he stared at her and despite his worry over his family and friends, he smiled and reached once more for her hand.
‘Of course, now I understand…,’ began Varan as Lemba stepped away from Jed and turned to run back to the cart, ‘it’s just your tongue, it was cut from your mouth!’  Varan called after her as she fled her humiliation complete.
‘Lemba…,’ Jed called, angry with himself for being part of the cause of her distress as she stumbled away across the grassy ground and back up the hill.
‘Leave her lad, her anger will soften…,’ Varan said, also staring at the departing figure of the seemingly small city boy.  He tapped his teeth with a fingernail, a thoughtful look upon his face.  Jed had seen the same action repeated more than once over the last few days and knew it meant Varan was deep in thought.
‘Could I have been any more stupid?’  Varan asked himself aloud as Jed looking more perplexed than ever, walked over to the hollow trunk of a large dead tree lying in the long grass, home to tiny creatures feeding of its bark and bole.  Nearby a large ant mound seemed alive with tiny bodies climbing over its surface.  He watched a long line of red ants scurrying back and forth like an army on the march, their beautiful copper heads and dark bodies all shapes and sizes following one another in perfectly ordered lines.  Now and again, one would brush its antennae up against a fellow and a new direction would be undertaken.  Was I like that?  He wondered, likening himself and his fellow soldiers to the ants marching relentlessly back and forth for no apparent purpose but on instruction of the queen.  His frustration complete he sat down heavily on the damp, still dewy grass and rested his back against the tree, he looked at Varan pointedly.
‘If yer don’t tell me what on the journey is goin’ on ‘ere, I swear by … by… me ma’s bread I’m going ter leave an’ make me own way ‘ome...’ he said, as the cart creaked to a halt beside him forestalling any further conversation as it stood between the two men.
The tired horse with his reins finally loosened, began nibbling at the long dew-filled grass and Jed had to move away before the animal accidently bit him, Varan’s sleepy old mount still tied to the back of the wagon snorted and strained at his tethers unable to reach the sweet green grass all around him.
Jed stood and stared at his companions.  Dotty, looking like an old gypsy woman and Varan, brother to his friend, so alike that at times Jed found himself talking as if it were the man he knew and trusted with his life, then Lemba, his Lemba looking like a slim built boy standing at the top of the rise staring back the way they had come.  Jed knew Lemba was hurting badly and that he and Varan had caused her pain, he took a deep breath and sighed.
‘I need ter get ‘ome Varan, and as soon as possible.  I ‘ave this feeling in me belly that sommats wrong, real wrong, nobody is tellin’ me anything an’ this magic stuff is all a bit too much.  I mean it, either someone tells me what’s goin’ on, without all that “later my boy” crap, or I’ll be leaving now ter make me own way, bound ter yer though I am…’ he said finally, as Varan, moving around the cart sat down beside him.

***

Lemba was staring back the way they had come, she was sure she had seen something moving behind the trees.  The sun finally broke free and bathed the earth in its light casting away the shadows and revealing the autumnal lush beauty of the hill country through which they were travelling.  In the distance, she saw swiftly moving flashes of red amongst the green and they were moving rapidly toward them.  Soldiers!  She thought with horror and looked toward her friends sitting unsuspecting in the grass down below.  Immediately, she turned and ran, fiercely clapping her hands to draw everyone’s attention, a fat round partridge ran from the copse disturbed by the sudden noise, its white face in contrast to the black tuft of feathers guarding its throat, red flanks and legs moved quickly through the grass as the fat bird tried once more to hide.
Dotty, watching her sister as she ran down the slight hill looked puzzled as Lemba’s fingers flashed and as she drew nearer, then she realised what Lemba was trying to say.
‘Varan,’ she called quietly in a panic, ‘Varan, soldiers from Devilly, Lemba say’s they are about a mile away and coming fast.’
‘He’s found us then.’ Varan replied quietly.


Chapter 2
The Village Green


Toby sat atop his stallion with almost the entire populace of Green Home Village before him.  Riders, soldiers all, surrounded the frightened people and a number of slavers, professional men, hired for the occasion from the allowance the king had generously given him had also accompanied the group from Devilly.  It amused him to see the slavers eyeing up the people Toby had known all his life and totting up their potential cut of the takings.
Several cottages lay in smoking ruin, with furniture, clothing and goods of varying description scattered across the green he had played on as a child and fear in the village had become a tangible thing, Toby could smell it, taste it, and he revelled in the power it gave him.  Silently he thanked Gath.
‘I don’t care who else you kill, or whatever you have to do to get him…but get him,’ Gath had said as he gave Toby Hollins, a nobody from the Beaut Valley one of the finest, well trained bodies of fighting men Derova had to offer.  These men, fresh from the skirmishes on the borders were ready for a little fun and Toby intended for them to have it.
I’ll get ‘im fer yer me lord, whatever it takes, I’ll get ‘im, he had answered and true to his words, there had been nothing gentle in the way Toby and the soldiers had entered his home village.  As dawn came upon the sleepy settlement, the noise of pounding and braking open of doors joined in unison with the bird song and the early cockerels’ crow.  Fierce looking soldiers dragged women and children from their beds as fathers’ fought to preserve their homes.  Not one soldier had spoken; adding to the fear the villagers felt and Toby saw more than one young maiden dragged off, only to return weeping and dishevelled.
‘Take yer time men,’ Toby said before the raid began.  ‘Gideon Green is fer the King, ser don’t touch ‘im an’ should yer see him, bring ‘im ter me un’armed, same as the inn, its outa bounds but the rest o’ the village is yorn...  Go,’ he had said, flinging his arms wide as if bestowing a generous gift.
The elite unit took Toby, their new commander, at his word and they had indeed had their fun.  Silence answered every question and violence was widespread from the bloody and broken men attempting to protect their families to the burnt out homes and crying children.  Hours of screaming had left this, this gathering of life, the inhabitants of Green Home Village, all at Toby’s mercy.  He was ecstatic.
‘Where are yer Gideon?’  Toby whispered as he thought of his triumph and continued to stare around him at the frightened people.  No matter Gid, I’ll be ‘ere fer a bit then me an’ the men’ll come ter yer woods ter get yer.  He thought.
‘Why?’  Voices were whispering from a dozen different directions, he ignored them all revelling in the fact that not one villager recognised him and knowing they all feared him, the man on the horse who sat quietly watching.
He was no longer the stumpy, plump youth with bad skin that drank too much ale on the eve of Jed leaving to join the army.  He, now, was strong and fit, his skin had weathered and he sported a distinctive black scar down the left side of his face stretching from the corner of his eye to the side of his mouth.  A scar he would one day repay Mayan for giving him, Mayan…, he thought as he ran his fingers down the scar, remembering how her nails had raked into his face when he had tried to make her his.  His father had stopped him and left him in the dirt, the open wound on his face sucking up the dirt like a sponge, the scar now pulled the side of his face tightly and permanently into a sardonic sneer.  You should be ‘ere Mayan, where are yer?  He wondered as he again scanned through the crowd of frightened villagers, angry that she was not amongst them.
‘Please Surr...’ a young boy called to him in tears as another house fell victim to a blazing torch.  Drunner, you be one of the Drunner boys...  Toby recognised the boy as the brother of one of the men who had once laughed at him, yer don’t know me either, he thought, knowing he had aged in more than just years, they really don’t know who I am!  Toby mused, relishing the power the anonymity gave him.  He fingered the simple blue stone in his pocket, the stone he had watched Gideon tying around Mayan’s neck and he ached to see her, imagining her here, kneeling at his feet begging for his love and forgiveness in front of everyone.  It was a very pleasing thought.
At last, Toby saw his parents as they stumbled into the village behind the horsemen sent to get them, a line bound their wrists tightly and a taut rope ensured they had to run to keep up with the huge animals.  Toby looked on, a happy smile on his face, he was not like the lowly tanner his father was or the mistress of nothing his mother had always been; he was special and he knew it.  Did I no’ tell ‘em that all along?  He thought as his mother tripped in the dirt and losing her balance fell under the hooves of the great horse that pulled his father, its hoof grazed her skull, the loud sound was hollow and sharp as it connected.  His father bruised and bloody from resisting arrest tried in vain to go to her aid as her bloody form quivered in the dirt and dust.
‘Toby…’ she whispered her voice soft and low but still somehow reaching her son, finally she lay still as Toby watched dispassionately, he had dismissed his parents from his life long ago, just as they had dismissed him.  The soldier pulling his father cut the bonds holding him to the rear of his horse to allow him to go to the old woman, while Toby’s mind drifted back to the day his father had first beaten and then thrown him out like garbage.
‘Animal,’ his father had sneered as his mother cried for Mayan.  ‘Animals rape their mates,’ he said, adding, ‘yer ‘ave no ‘onour boy, an’ yer be no son o’ mine…’ before he’d thrown Toby’s bleeding body on to the floor of the barn.  ‘Yer deserve ter be scarred boy, marked like the animal yer be...’  Toby could remember him speaking coldly, even if he could not remember the tears coursing down his father’s face as he spoke them, but then, Toby himself had wept too, not for shame but because he was disappointed, he believed his father had lied to him.
“Next year, we’ll try again lad, she’s no promised yet!’ Da had said,’ Toby cried as his father beat him.
‘Yer promised me Da,’ he had added as he finally realised Mayan was not his, was never to be his.  Then after Mayan left, his mother hurried after her husband and returned a little while later with a bag.
‘Yer gotta leave now Toby,’ she said, still crying, ‘yer gotta go as soon as I ‘ave cleaned yer face up a bit.  I love yer boy, always ‘ave but yer were no meant fer this.’  Toby remembered her crying as she tried to clean the dirt out from the nasty wound caused by Mayan’s nails but he pushed her away violently causing her to misstep.
‘Leave me woman, yer lied ter me too...’ he remembered shouting angrily, he was angry with both his parents, they were supposed to love him, supposed give him everything they promised, he wanted the wound to scar; a scar would remind him of his father’s worthless word and Mayan’s treachery.  He remembered looking at his mother through one swollen eye, the side of his face a mass of congealed blood, his broken nose crooked and equally bloody.
‘She be mine,’ he said as he looked for understanding and found none, ‘she be mine, an’ Gideon ‘as ‘er, ‘e promised me…  Da promised me, yer lied, yer both lied.’  Toby scowled, blame for his misfortunes landing squarely between his parents and Gideon himself.
‘No Toby,’ his mother said through her tears, ‘Da asked Jack fer yer but Mayan ‘ad ter choose you too, an’ she made ‘er choice, she chose Gideon!’  Again, she tried to comfort him but he shrugged her off not noticing her weeping as if her heart were broken.  He dismissed them then as if they had never been and became consumed with hatred, hatred for them, for Gideon and for the whole village, he vowed that one day, one day, he would pay them all back, even Mayan.
After all, he thought absently, shrugging off his memories and watching his father struggle to reach the body of his dying mother; they all laughed, even as I crawled through t’ beer ‘an  piss, they laughed, even Mayan, my precious Mayan.  He saw himself again as the young man he had been, hanging his head, staring at the floor in despair and embarrassment, his Mayan, holding Gideon’s arm, smiling at him, laughing and pulling Gideon away.  Where are yer May, yer teasing bitch, yer’ll soon be on yer knees before me, beggin’ fer me ter take yer, he thought, remembering that the token she had deliberately left for him so long ago, a token he could easily have missed.  A draft caused by his mother’s closing the heavy barn door behind her had whisked briskly across the floor playing with the loose straw by his feet sending it dancing and swirling in gentle circles.  The small blue stone with its broken leather thong up to then hidden under the dust and dry stalks became exposed and he had smiled knowing just what it meant.  Mayan, yer do want me, yer still playin’ yer games... he had thought as he bent down stiffly and picked it up before kissing it lovingly and putting it safely in his pocket.  He had carried it with him ever since.
A deep silence around him pulled him from his reverie, even the children amongst the assembled populace of his former home had become quiet, every local inhabitant that could be rounded up, had been.  Toby felt the power over life and death at his fingertips and his cock hardened painfully, he looked up, not trying to hide his smile.
The pall of dense smoke from burning buildings became a blanket in the sky above the village before reaching up like a great grey pillar and stretching into the heavens.  He could see more smoke rising above the trees from the direction of his former home and as he stared, a gentle whuff, from a nearby cottage alerted him to yet another building engulfed by flames.  The inhabitants, an elderly couple Toby barely remembered were being supported in their grief by a young man he also recognised but could not quite put a name too, he watched as they were ushered forcefully into the crowd of villagers by his men and left to stare as their home and worldly possessions succumbed to the hungry fire.  The boy who had spoken to him earlier ran over to hold the old woman upright as her knees gave way and he looked once more toward Toby, his eyes pleading.  Toby dismissed them as he continued to scan the crowd looking for Mayan.  Until now he had enjoyed himself immeasurably but he was beginning to get bored, he had expected her to be here to witness his triumph and for her to be grateful that he had prevented the ransacking of the Inn.  He had even spared her parents and sister in law from too much abuse.  The fam’ly is all here… but where are yer my sweet girl?  Toby asked himself silently.  He could see the Brewster family on the green, Apple wringing her hands together and tiny Sámia nursing Jackie her husband, who was bleeding profusely after being badly beaten.  Jack stood with his arms around his wife looking angry and confused, nursing a swollen eye that was rapidly turning black.  As Toby continued to survey the unhappy villagers before him he realised he had not seen Gideon or his father Jed either, though this didn’t surprise him too much as both were more than likely to be within the confines of the great forest and he was headed there next.  He had been up to the boundary of the great forest on numerous occasions since he was a child and then again, often as a young man he would  follow Mayan up past Sonal’s cottage, always waiting for some sign that she knew he was there and waiting for her.
‘Even then yer knew ‘ow ter tease...’ he whispered aloud and shaking himself free from his thoughts once more, he rose up in his stirrups to address the silent crowd.
‘I’m under orders from the king, the king on ’oose bounty we all turn durin’ ‘arsh times an’ these are such times me friends, a man named Gideon Green ‘as committed treason ‘gainst our beloved king an’ I’m ordered ter offer freedom to whomever will aid me in entering the forest an’ bringin’ this man ter justice.’  Toby sat back onto his saddle as he watched the crowd.  His time in the army had taught him how to read people, how to turn a fast coin and to see how things could be profitable for him, here, he believed the people would be no different.  He could usually see where news, whilst incredulous to some became, would become as money to others and these types of people were always good for his pockets.
He closed his eyes and listened as his words sunk in; voices and mutterings circled the crowd, a growing cacophony of sound from the people who knew Gideon.
‘Why’ and ‘what for?’  He heard repeatedly, until the sound of children crying and the sounds of scuffling, as men were subdued violently by the soldiers became one.  The noise intensified waxing and waning like a wave on the great ocean churning up the pebbles as it hit the beach, it was almost hypnotic.  Toby was elated, all he needed now was Mayan to be here to witness his greatness, he felt like a God, all matters were his to control, life was his to give or take.  The power flowed through him and he felt an erection building again as the blood rushed around his body.
A rock flew from the crowd and struck Toby on the face, his scar reopened and blood slowly oozed and dripped down his chin, a hushed silence returned to the people before him.
“Oo struck me?’  He demanded, enraged that his moment of glory was spoiled.  Rising in his stirrups once more, he asked again, his voice shrieking in anger.  ‘Who.  Struck.  Me?’  The crowd remained quiet, heads turning left to right worried and scared.
“Twas me…,’ said a voice Toby knew and hated, ‘I know who yer be boy, me who prayed fer yer, me who raised yer an’ me who wishes I never ‘ad.  Animal, I called yer, an’ animal yer be Toby, yer no be welcome here, in yer fancy clothes, ye or yer vermin.’  Toby stared at his father whose face was wet with tears mingling with the deep red blood of his mother.  ‘We’ll no ‘elp yer, nor tell yer nowt.’  Tom finished and turning his back on his son, he crouched down once more and again cradled his dead wife Selda, in his arms.
‘Stand and look at me old man,’ Toby called as his father’s sobs became audible.  ‘Stand I say…’ Toby called again and for a moment, his father looked as if he were going to comply, Toby smiled coldly as his father hunched over as he struggled to rise, eventually coming into a standing position holding his wife’s body in his arms.  Without a backward glance to his son, he began to walk away in the direction of his burning home.  The riders stood aside to let him and his dreadful burden pass.  Immediately the air whistled and a thorn suddenly appeared to be growing from the man’s back, the blood glistened and bloomed across his jerkin like a flower as the arrows force drove Tom to his knees, Toby remained standing in the stirrups.
‘People,’ he cried pointing at his dead mother and dying father, ‘there yer see me parents, Tom an’ Selda Brewster.  Such is the urgency of me mission, I will kill all o’ yer that stand in me way an’ ‘gainst the king.  I be trusted with this message from yer benevolent lord.  If yer refuse yer king’s offer... you an’ yer kin will be taken to Devilly an’ sold at the slave markets fer knowingly aidin’ a wanted criminal.’  Toby allowed the message to sink in, once more attempting to use his profiling skills in a vain attempt to determine who would be the weak link but his eyes continually drew back toward his dying father.  Finally, the man fell forward and lay sprawled across his mother’s body, unexpected sorrow filled him briefly but he shook it off as he waited in frustration for someone to come forward.  No one moved.
‘Yer ‘ave sixty minutes ter decide yer fate...’  Toby shouted, angry with himself for ever listening to his father’s lies, I made me own future Da, I did it mesel’, he screamed at the body silently before dismounting and speaking quietly to one of the soldiers.  He stared at the frightened faces of people who now knew who he was and he smiled coldly, ‘Sixty minutes...!’  He shouted again before walking the short distance to the inn and tying his horse against the post he went inside to help himself to a drink.
Leaning over the bar from the wrong side in a style he had often witnessed from both Jack, Mayan’s father and her brother, he drew himself a jug of the Inn’s finest ale,  listening avidly all the while to the slavers outside who had already begun moving amongst the villagers assessing possible profits and tying hands.  Toby moved to the window and after ripping down some hanging crystals that spun gaily in the light, he peered out at the people who had once been his neighbours.  The screaming and crying grew louder as he watched the robed men place the villagers into groups sometimes separating families, husbands from wives and mothers from their children.  With some anger, he watched as Jackie, Mayan’s brother fell to the ground, slavers were kicking at him as both Apple and Sámia tried in vain to prevent them.  Annoyed, he rapped on the window and called to the guard, reminding him that the Brewster family were not to be touched.  The guard pulled at his forelock and rushed off to stop the beating, the men, glancing toward the inn and Toby, backed off scowling.  Always was too ‘ot ‘eaded, Toby thought as Jackie lay still on the ground.
‘See May, all this I do for you...’ he whispered through the glass as Sámia cradled her bloodied husband to her breast.  Drinking alone in the empty inn, he grew angry again, where was Mayan?  Why was she not here to witness his triumph?  He looked at the now empty jug and threw it at the bar behind him where it hit the wall and showered the space behind it with pottery shards.  A quick intake of breath disturbed him as he watched the broken pieces fall.
“Oo’s there?’  He demanded, ‘come out now or I call the guards…’ he added, his voice full of menace.
‘It’s Bea, Beatrix Drunner,’ replied a small and frightened voice.
‘C’mon out Bea, they be looking fer Gideon not you,’ he answered softly; realising maybe he had found his weak link after all.  The serving girl crawled out from behind the bar and slowly moved across the floor toward him on her hands and knees.  Toby stared at the vision, this should be Mayan, he thought as he watched the girl’s creamy white breasts trying to defy gravity and remain enclosed in the almost too small dress.
‘Toby it’s you!  They’ll see yer, get down.’  Beatrix whispered, panic evident in her voice and clearly not understanding that Toby was in charge.  He squatted down, out of sight now from the outside world, the sounds of occasional skirmishes and the screams and cries of the women and children.
“Ow we gonna get away Toby?’  Beatrix sobbed quietly as tears ran down her face and chin dripping onto the floor, only for her knees to dry them instantly as she crawled toward him across the room.  Toby was mesmerised by the swaying breasts coming closer and closer, he thought of Lemba and her small milk white breasts adorned only by beautiful little blotches of yellow and purple and then of Mayan and how her breasts had been a creamy colour.  Mayan had deep pink nipples; I wonder what colour yorn are Bea?’  He thought as she crawled nearer and finally reaching Toby, she fell loosely into his arms as he squatted on the floor, her breasts tantalisingly close to his chest.
‘I didn’t mean ter ‘ide,’ she began, talking fast now that she was no longer alone.  ‘I was in t’ cellar and didn’t hear the soldiers until it were too late, then they started ‘urting folk, so I stayed ‘ere, I’m afraid Toby, what’s goin’ on, what der the soldiers want?’  She sobbed again.  Toby stared at the girl he had known all his life, he had watched her grandparents’ home burn not long ago, and absently remembered the name of the young man who had helped them, Bea’s brother.  Rory, Rory Drunner, he thought, though he did not recall seeing their parents amongst the people gathered outside, it amused him to think of what he knew and she did not and then of course, then, there were those breasts…
‘Toby,’ Beatrix cried quietly, realising his mind was elsewhere, ‘Toby talk ter me… what’s ‘appening, what’s goin’ on?’  She added fearfully as her eyes still glistening with tears darted toward the noise outside the window before coming back to Toby himself.  Toby pulled her to him protectively.
‘They be looking fer Gideon and seems they be gonna ‘urtin’ folk until they find ‘im,’ he answered, trying to look as if he were frightened too.
‘But why, e’ ain’t done nowt… e’ ain’t even ‘ere,’ she cried softly.  Toby stiffened slightly as he realised his pray had escaped and after forcing himself to relax once more, he began a quiet and soft interrogation.
‘I know ‘e ain’t Bea,’ he said, ‘I been trying ter find ‘im... ter ‘elp ‘im,’ Toby continued as a frightened Beatrix began to cry again.  ‘D’yer know where ‘e is love?’  He asked, holding his breath in anticipation as he waited for the girl to stop sobbing and answer.  ‘We gotta warn ‘im… ain’t we?’  He continued quietly in a concerned voice, as no answer was forthcoming.  Beatrix turned her tear streaked face toward him, and at last opened her mouth to speak.
‘He’s gone ter…..’ she began but stopped as a loud scream from outside suddenly ended sharply.  Unconsciously, Bea again leaned in toward Toby, once more trembling with fear.  Swearing to himself at the untimely interruption Toby tightened his arms around the girl once more, offering her the illusion of safety and she responded by putting her own arms through his crushing her large breasts against his chest.
‘I’ll look after yer Bea,’ he said hoarsely, feeling a stirring in his loins as her chest rose and fell against his.  ‘Iffen yer tell me where Gid is.’  He finished.
“E be gone ter Branton ter see ‘is grandfolk, it’s no secret, May and Jed went with ‘im too...’ she answered softly, glad to have someone strong with her to protect her from the madness outside.
‘Gone!  No matter, I’ll get ‘im soon enough.’  Toby replied angrily as he realised his pray had escaped.  Beatrix heard the command in his voice and startled, looked up at him, noticing for the first time he was no longer the callow youth she had known.  He seemed older, meaner somehow and disfigured by a scar that ran the length of his face, she suddenly felt vulnerable and alone and sorry she had told him where Gideon had gone.  Toby tightened his arms around her once more, angry at the intense scrutiny.
‘Toby, yer ‘urting me,’ Bea whispered as she attempted to pull away from the too tight embrace but as she pushed against his chest with her left arm, her breasts squashed together invitingly.  Toby’s grip tightened again holding her right arm fast between his side and his upper arm.  Ignoring her protests and using his free hand, he quickly reached for the tight cotton bodice of her crumpled dress and ripped it open.  Her breasts fell free and hung like full pendulous udders, dark brown nipples finished off the soft creamy white mounds.  Purple and yellow, he thought as he cupped her left breast and squeezed hard.
‘TOBY NO…’  Frantically Beatrix screamed as she struggled, slapping and scratching as she tried to loosen her trapped arm and get away, Toby’s erection was solid and painful.  With his father dead, this time there would be no one to stop him.


Chapter 3
Fire Ants


‘They’ve traced us,’ Varan said again as Lemba ran down the hill.  Quickly he stood and threw his hands into the air, mind to mind; he threw instructions at Dotty one after another and Jed leapt up ready to protect Lemba with his life.
‘Stay where you are boy, do not move,’ Varan hissed.
‘But…the soldiers...’ began Jed, unable to finish as Varan exclaimed, ‘we endanger them; they’re not searching for a mother and son.  If you want to help them…, hide!’  Varan hissed, too busy to explain what he was doing as his hands waved and his fingers made intricate patterns in the air.  Jed, feeling sick with worry threw himself into the hollow of the tree trunk on the ground; he crawled in as far as he could ashamed of himself for failing Lemba at the first sign of trouble.  Through a split in the bark, Jed watched the soldiers approach and stop at the top of the incline but before the officer could speak, Dotty ran up the hill toward them her hands in front of her gesturing at the cart and looking like she was pleading.
‘…red plague fever!’ he heard her cry and there were real tears on her face, Jed could see the sun glinting on her cheeks.  Lemba slowly followed behind Dotty staggering and holding her head.  She collapsed onto the ground a short way away from the cart and remained lying there; quite still, Jed’s heart was in his mouth as he watched through the hole.  A burning sensation on his legs turned his attention away from the fate of his friends and twisting his body as silently as he could in the cramped hollow bole of the tree his blood suddenly ran cold.  His legs and feet were invisible under a blanket of ants, oh great…, jus’ what I need, he thought, fire ants. I must ‘ave disturbed the nest as I climbed in, stoically, he gritted his teeth as the ants crawled up his body, climbing between the layers of his clothing and injecting their venom straight into his skin.  They’ll head for me face, Jed thought, the idea itself making him panic slightly, knowing the danger they were all in Jed could do nothing but watch as the copper-red ants crawled up his body.  I thought them things didn’t like the flippin’ cold…
The whole of the lower half of his body was on fire and Jed could almost feel himself swelling up.  A vision of his swollen body stuck inside the bole of the dead tree for all eternity struck him as incredibly funny and it was all he could do not to burst into laughter.  The poison and the tense situation outside of Jed’s little world began to take its toll as he began to hallucinate.  A memory from childhood, as real now as it was then, jumped into his mind.  Sonal; standing beside an ant mound with himself and Gideon sitting as pupils on a stump not unlike the one he was stuck in.
‘The fire ant venom is particularly nasty,’ Sonal was saying, ‘though it does have certain medicinal qualities as well as being a deadly poison, the ants won’t try to attack a face for example, but, if exposed and the ants feel threatened, well, they will attack there too.’  The vision disappeared, well that’s handy ter know, Jed thought wryly, the poison will kill me but I’ll be ‘ealthy when I die…, he stifled frightened laughter as the as the ants found his neck and face and he closed his lips tightly.  He could not move overmuch for fear of alerting the soldiers to his hiding place so using his shirtsleeve; he tried unsuccessfully to prevent the ants from climbing up his nose.  Finally, both unable to move or to breath he lost consciousness and laid still.
Dotty watched the soldiers ride away into the distance but she continued to wring her hands and plead, falling to her knees as the column became lost to view.  She remained where she was for a moment or two before picking herself up and rushing over to her collapsed son.
‘They’ve gone Lems!’  She said, smiling at the red-faced ‘boy’ who looked up at her from her prone position on the ground.  Lemba smiled in return and jumped up turning toward where their travelling companions were hiding.  Rhoàld, oblivious of their near disaster was still fast asleep recovering from Gath’s attack in the back of the cart and neither Jed nor Varan could be seen anywhere.  ‘Varan, they’ve gone,’ Dotty sent out with her mind.  As if in answer, the air around the copse began to shimmer and the hollow log suddenly shattered into pieces.  Varan, visible once more collapsed exhausted into the dirt.
‘Where is Jed?’  Lemba asked, flashing her fingers at Dotty as she helped the old wizard to his feet and Varan, looking around at the shattered tree took a deep breath.  The bark of the tree had become as dry and as brittle as the pile of dead fire ants inside it.  Rushing to the remains of the tree, he called quietly to Dotty.
‘Help me; we don’t have much time...’ Dotty watched as Varan began to dig in the pile,
‘What the…’ she exclaimed as he brushed some of the dead insects aside revealing Jed, his face and hands swollen with his mouth, nose and ears full of brittle copper coloured ants, then as Varan started to pull at his lifeless body they fell from his clothing in torrents.  On reaching clear ground, Varan pressed his fingers to Jed’s neck.
‘His heart still beats; he has not as yet begun his journey but he’s not breathing…’ Varan began, hastily clearing his airways of obstruction using magic; the air around them grew perceptibly cooler as the balance took hold.  Life briefly seemed to return to the bugs as unseen forces removed them, pulling them from Jed’s throat and lungs attempting to leave his airways clear.
Jed watched from the ether dispassionately as Varan knelt over his dying body, pinched his nose, opened his mouth and blew gently, he looked with yearning toward the golden gateway in the distance and the start of his Journey into the afterlife.
‘You must go back,’ he heard and turning around he saw an insubstantial mass floating next to him in the ether, ‘you must go back,’ he heard again as the mass took form and shape.  A beautiful but sad looking young man stood before him, Jed wondered at his sadness before noticing a line stretching from his form, down to the earth below and straight into Rhoàld still lying in the cart.  ‘He sleeps…,’ the young man said, ‘your Journey does not begin here, you are needed still, go back.’  Jed opened his mouth to reply and coughed, his belly convulsed showering both himself and Varan in yet more of the copper red ants that had filled his lungs and stomach.
‘He will live but he is very ill.’  Varan said as he took a knife from his clothing and opening his hand immediately sliced through his palm, the blood welled up thick and red.  Dotty held open Jed’s hand as Varan, taking his now bloody knife sliced Jed’s palm then holding the young man’s hand in his own, Varan’s blood seemed to flow directly into Jed’s open wound.  Varan placed his undamaged hand on Jed’s head and held it there.
‘I am sorry my boy,’ he said as he began to sing, as he sang, Dotty quickly removed all of Jed’s clothing, attempting to rid him of the now dead ants that had inflicted such grievous injuries.  Varan’s blood poured into Jed infusing him with life and strength as it raced around his body expelling the poisons and calming inflamed and swollen tissues.  Frightened, Lemba stared at Jed with tears running down her face and as she watched, moisture began to gather on his skin, a clear colourless liquid pushing out of his pores.  He was soaking wet and covered in the poison.
‘Lemba, get my pack for me please, hurry now child,’ said Dotty as the flow of vile toxins began to slow.  The instant Lemba returned with the pack, her sister began collecting some of the liquid from Jed’s skin into a small glass phial as Lemba squatted next to him and took his hand in hers.  As the toxins left his body he began to stir, the swellings continued to go down and a normal healthy colour returned to his skin.  Varan, noticing the change in the boy altered the song of the spell and the blood that had been flowing copiously from his wound into Jed’s own, finally slowed and stopped.  Varan continued to sing as the wounds on both palms began to heal, knitting together slowly and carefully from inside out, the sliced skin and tissue joined and melded then lastly, the top layer of skin joined leaving only a thin white scar.  At last, Jed opened his eyes to find everyone bar Rhoàld sitting around him on the ground.
‘Careful,’ he croaked, ‘there be fire-ants round ’ere,’ he looked at Lemba, her face and neck covered in red stuff, her beautiful silver hair hidden and covered in dirt and ash and he smiled, he loved her dearly and suddenly wished they were alone.
‘Harrumph…careful young man,’ began a very tired Varan, ‘your thoughts are, um…, on show.’  He winked and laughed as he tossed the now ant free trews across Jed’s growing erection.  Embarrassed beyond words Jed sat up quickly and hurriedly replaced his trousers as Lemba smiled shyly and walked away.
‘We must hurry now,’ began Varan, ‘Gath will have felt the magic being used for the healing.  This type of blood magic has a very strong signature; we must make for the water, which, I believe is over the next rise.’  Varan strolled through the grass bending down only to pick up a brace of dead partridges, ahhh, Dinner, he thought as he passed the cart tossed the birds in the back and went to retrieve his horse, leaving Dotty alone with the now semi-naked young man.
‘He brought you back from the veil of death young man,’ she said her eyes following the wizard as he climbed upon his horse and began to walk away.  ‘Finish dressing quickly, we must go,’ she added as she hurriedly rose and made her way back to her position on the cart.  As Jed dressed, he stood and brushed the dust from his clothes and hands.  Something feels wrong, he thought as he looked over as much as he could of his body and clothing, lastly looking at both of his hands. Both palms now held identical white scars.  One old and one very, very new, death, he thought, she said I’d been dead.  All at once, the memory of the ants stinging and biting came back to him, how he had felt the ants crawling up his body and into his ears and nose.  He had not been able to breath and had swallowed what seemed like hundreds of the things as he had fought for breath.  He remembered being somewhere else too, being out of his body and looking down as Varan worked feverishly on the swollen, red and lifeless form far below him.  He remembered seeing the great gateway, thinking he was about to start his Journey and how the beautiful young man had come to him, had helped him to see it was not his time.
Jed lowered his palms and looked after the members of his small company fifty yards ahead of him.  When they were safe once more, he would find out what had happened to the soldiers, why his hands were both scarred, why Lemba’s face was covered in red stuff and finally, he would demand to be told what was going on.


Chapter 4
Murder


Toby looked at the body lying on the floor of the Green Home Inn, Beatrix Drunner was dead, killed in a fit of frustrated fury when Toby realised she was on her monthly cycle, the sight of the menstrual blood had just angered and frustrated him further.
‘Dirty bleedin’ ‘oare!’  He had exclaimed, looking at his bloody hand after pulling it from her underclothing, ‘yer dirty bleedin’ ‘oare...’ he had shouted again as he knelt over her terrified form.  His anger fuelled, he grabbed her shoulders and banged her head against the floor, shouting obscenities like a mantra.  Bea’s skull cracked open, leaving blood and gore oozing across the boards just as his seed spilled into his trews and he smiled as he stood to avoid getting blood on his clothing.  The girl’s semi-naked body lay unblinking in a pool of blood and urine and Toby’s disappointment at the failure to capture Gideon and subdue Mayan lay sated for a while.
‘I didn’t mean fer yer ter die, Bea,’ he said adding, ‘but yer did it fer me anyway…’ the door to the inn opened and a guard walked in stomping loudly on the wooden floorboards.
‘The slavers are ready ter leave serge,’ the guard said, ‘shame about that one though,’ he added, nodding toward Beatrix, ‘she’d ‘ave fixed us a pretty penny I’ll be bound.’  Toby turned to the guard inadvertently standing in the pooling blood.
‘Arrange ter meet the slavers in Devilly on our return, we ‘ead toward Branton.’  Toby commanded and looking once more at the body realised he was standing in the rapidly congealing fluid, ‘that’s really disgustin’,’ he said to himself as he lifted his foot and wiped the sole of his boot against Bea’s lifeless form, then checking his boot was free from blood, he walked out of the inn without a backward glance.


Chapter 5
The Heart of the Piece


Gideon’s father pulled the horses to a halt in front of his parents’ cottage, leaned in to the carriage itself and shook his son awake.
‘Gid lad, we’ve arrived,’ he said, smiling at the sleeping form.  Sonal opened his eyes and looked closely at Gideon; he had not been able to sleep himself knowing that something seemed wrong at the very heart of magic, at the root from where all life begins its journey and he was worried.  He had spent his own journey going over and over all he remembered about Gideon from their very first meeting.  Fumbling in his pocket, he retrieved the small rough diamond that had become his lucky talisman and he remembered how he had plucked it from the air when he had first met the boy, so many years ago and how surprised he had been when his spell had worked so well.  The strength and power of the light spinning from the stone itself was something that he had never seen before.  Gideon!  He thought, all the magic and the various spells I have used over the years, my own ability to draw repeatedly from the magic’s root, the spells that have always appeared so much more powerful when Gideon is around.  How have I not seen it before?  He asked himself as he looked at Jed, his best friend who was leaning forward gently, shaking his son awake and for the first time he tried to find a resemblance.  Gideon was tall and blonde with eyes so blue, that at times they seemed piercing, whilst his father, though also tall, had the dark brown eyes and hair that were distinctive of the people from the Beaut Valley.  Sonal mentally shook himself, ashamed of where his thoughts were taking him.  It is not my business; he told himself and gave the sleeping boy a gentle push with his mind to awaken him.  Gideon opened his eyes, his headache still present but more bearable.
‘Sleepyhead!’ laughed Mayan as she poked her head into the carriage, ‘we’ve arrived, Gran and Gramps are ‘ere, come and say ‘ello afore yer fall asleep again,’ she giggled merrily at her drowsy fiancé.  Gideon’s grandparents had claimed her and her twin as their own for as long as she could remember and she loved them dearly.  ‘Yer Da’s unloading all the new wood fer Gramps and I’m gonna see iffen ‘e’s dun anythin’ new in the barn.’  Gideon smiled at Mayan’s departing head as he realised he had slept through most of the last day and for him the journey had been that much shorter.
“Ello boy, your Da finally let yer outa yer forest an’ in ter the big wide world eh?’  Laughed his grandfather, as Gideon climbed sleepily out of the carriage.
‘Come over ‘ere Gid and don’t yer be listening ter yer grandfather teasing the way ‘e do,’ his grandmother interrupted as she pulled him into a tight embrace.  ‘So, you an’ Mayan ‘ave finally decided ter marry,’ she added winking at her son.  ‘Yer do know Gid, that we all knew it would ‘appen long ago,’ she laughed as she ushered the family into her home.
Gideon had never visited his grandparents’ home before; his grandfather had built it and the adjoining barn when he had first moved away from Green Home Village.  The cottage lay on the outskirts of the town of Branton along a well-used road and close to a large wood.  Small and compact, the cottage was not unlike his own home deep within Green Home Forest and seemed to be just as filled with the ornately hand carved wooden furniture that both Gideon and his father preferred.
‘Yer know the wood all comes from the forest lad,’ said his grandfather as Gideon walked around the cottage for the first time, exploring and feeling the strength and quality of the wood and marvelling at the feeling of peace and home the cottage gave him, his headache had lessened considerably and he felt alive again.
‘I’ve brought the pieces we’ve made ‘ome over the years, an’ sometimes yer Da or I bring raw wood back from the forest, after a visit.  Yer gran thinks’ I should use the local wood but I don’t think it would feel the same, there’s sommat ‘bout the wood from ‘ome that’s special,’ he added quietly, reverently, and almost speaking to himself.  Gideon smiled at his grandfather knowing exactly what he meant and knowing that he himself liked nothing better than to walk about the trees in the Green Home Forest with Blue and his father, in the forest, he felt at home.  Gideon senior, if he could have, would also have lived out his days among the vast trees of the Green Home but circumstance and love of his wife had made him move away, though it had never stopped him pining for the woods and trees he loved.
‘Yer Da made some of these pieces ‘isel’ afore ‘e were your age,’ Gideon’s grandfather grinned, as young Gid studied every joint and turn in the beautifully made furniture, slowly running his fingers across the wood and enjoying the silky smoothness.
‘That were ‘is first ever piece,’ the old man said, proudly pointing to a large rectangular box sitting under a window.  Gideon walked to the window, sat on the sill and splayed both hands on the box, seeing in his mind, his stubborn but methodical father as a boy slowly working the wood with his knife.  He smiled and marvelled at the box’s intricate design.  The carvings on the sides of the box were functional and solid whereas the top consisted almost entirely of latticework.
‘It’s a blanket box; it can be taken apart and moved flat, each plank slots into the next.  Yer Da worked fer weeks on it,’ his grandfather said as he opened the lid showing Gideon the cunning latches and clasps that held it together.
Gideon thought about his own attempts at woodwork and smiled shyly.  ‘Well, I be whittling too grandda but somehow…well, the wood don’t ever flow fer me like it does fer you or Da,’ he said taking his latest small wooden figure from the pocket of his jerkin and offering it to his grandfather for inspection.  The faceless figure was tall and smooth, each fold and crease in the carefully carved robes flowed like silk; just waiting for a breeze to make them sway and ripple.  The figure felt alive, full of passion and vibrancy just needing a face to finish it off before it could begin its work.  One hand lay against the robes its fingers spread and finely detailed each nail and joint carved to perfection.
‘I did think at one time ‘e were ‘olding sommat in both ‘ands!’  Gideon said quietly, almost granting the wooden carving choices about its own design, his grandfather smiled at the statement knowing it meant his grandson understood the nature of the wood.  He studied the carving once more, in its other hand the wooden figure held a book tightly, it must be an important book, ter be ‘eld so, the old man thought.  Just looking at the piece in his hands Gideon senior had the feeling he had seen this person before, knew him well despite the fact the figure had no face.
“Oo be this then boy?’  He asked his grandson, who waited quietly for appraisal of his own piece of woodcraft.
‘No-one gramps, it’s just a figure, I can never finish it though, I’ve made loads of ‘em an’ they always end up the same, I jus’ can’t seem ter get the face right, I can’t ever do the face...’  Gideon smiled apologetically at his grandfather whose skills with a knife and a piece of wood were second to none.
‘Lad,’ the old man smiled kindly at the boy, ‘tis not ready ter be finished tis all,’ he placed the piece between Gideon’s palms and clasped his own hands around his grandson’s.  ‘Close yer eyes boy,’ he said adding, ‘feel the life in the wood, find its soul...,’  Gideon closed his eyes and concentrated, he could feel his grandfather’s rough and callused hands on the backs of his own and inwardly he smiled believing he would never have the same affinity with wood the way his father and grandfather did.
‘Feel the wood with your heart boy, not with your mind’, he heard the whispered message in his head and tried to comply, shutting out his grandfather’s warm hands and the ambient noises of the house around him.  Almost immediately, he saw the great forest of home and felt the peace within it.  His mind wandered familiar paths and walkways and all the time the forest seemed more alive than he had ever felt it.  He could feel the sunlight, warm and bright on his skin as it filtered through the dense overhead boughs.  It’s warm fer winter, he thought as his journey into the wood progressed.  On and on he travelled into little known parts of the forest until at last he was deeper than he had ever ventured.  Besides an old ruin in a large glade sat Blue, his blue eyes burning into Gideon’s despite the fact Gideon knew his own were closed.  ‘Do I know this place?’  Gideon asked himself, thinking he had seen it somewhere before, still the wolf stared.  I’ll be home soon enough boy, Gideon thought, realising how much he was missing the creature.  Its piercing blue eyes seemed to fill Gideon’s mind until there was nothing else, nothing but the deep, deep blue then suddenly Gideon felt as if he were falling, falling into a bottomless well and one from which he would never return.
A hand shot out from nowhere and grabbed him, stopping his endless fall and steadying him allowing his feet to touch the forest floor.  He could smell the rough rich peaty earth and the particularly curious pine smell he had known all his life.  In his dream, Gideon looked into the face of his rescuer, an old man in long grey and dark blue robes.  His hair was white, thick and glossy with a black streak running down one side and Gideon thought he had the bluest eyes he had ever seen.
‘Surr, do I know yer?’  Gideon asked as the old man smiled at him and laughed his eyes full of love and concern.
‘You obviously know me well enough to listen,’ he replied as Gideon tried in vain to recognise the voice, it was hauntingly familiar but he just could not place it.  ‘You should be careful boy,’ the old man said as he pointed at the floor of the glade and a deep well full of water before him.  ‘We don’t want to lose you,’ he added as he stepped back from the bemused boy and the edge of the well.  Gideon looked at the deep blue water and then up into the smiling face of the old man.  In silence, the man extended his arm, his fist tightly clenched toward Gideon.  Gideon instinctively raised his own hand, palm up and underneath the old man’s closed fist.  ‘This is who you are my boy,’ he said with a sad smile.  Gideon closed his hand over the object that seemed to tinkle as it dropped into his palm.  It was warm from the old man’s touch.  Once more Gideon looked into his eyes.
‘I do know yer surr, I be sure of it,’ he replied leaving his fist closed.
‘Open your hand when you are ready young Gideon,’ the old man smiled warmly and added, ‘but do not leave it too long, we have work to do, work that has waited long enough already.’
‘I don’ unnerstand…,’ Gideon began, feeling rather confused.
‘Understand.’  The old man said, correcting Gideon’s speech, ‘you have much to learn before you do but you will though boy, when the time is right.’  He turned his head and seemed to focus on something far away.
Gideon opened his mouth to speak but the old man placed a hand on his shoulder forestalling him.
‘You must go back now, your grandmother is calling, we’ll meet again and soon,’ he said. Gideon opened his eyes to see his grandfather smiling at him.
‘You were miles away boy; you found the heart of the piece did yer?’  His grandfather asked.  Gideon did not reply, he looked at the warm wooden figure lying between his hands and realised something was different about it.  It still needed a face but the figure had changed, with one arm, it still held the book against its chest but the other now stretched out before it with the fist clenched.  Gideon opened his own palm, a little surprised to find it empty, he smiled to himself.
‘Dreaming I think gramps,’ he replied putting the figure back quickly into the pocket of his jerkin and making a mental note to look at it again when he was alone.
‘Gideon dear,’ called Gideon’s grandmother for the second time, ‘tea’s ready, come an’ get it while it’s hot,’ she finished, as both Gideon and his grandfather went to answer at the same time,’ the two closed their mouths and grinned.
‘Gideon!’  His grandmother called again, the two Gideons’ looked at each other and grinned again finally laughing aloud.
‘Coming,’ they answered as one and still laughing loudly together, made their way back to the small parlour where they found Jed and Sonal tucking into a feast of tea and cake.
‘Go find Mayan fer me dear, an’ tell ‘er tea’s ready, she were exploring the garden,’ his grandmother said as both Gideons’ were about to sit down.
‘She means you boy, yer got younger bones,’ the older man chuckled as he patted his grandson on the back and eased himself onto a chair next to his son.  Gideon smiled contentedly at his family and opening the parlour door stepped out into the sunshine.
Mayan was sitting on a garden bench fashioned from the same wood as the household furniture and Gideon sat down next to her feeling at peace for the first time in three days.  The wooden figure in his pocket poked his ribs painfully as he sat, he moved it so it no longer stuck into him and he wondered whether to tell Mayan of the strange vision but before he could decide, she spoke, preventing him.
‘I can’t believe this is the first time yer visited ‘ere,’ she said as she snuggled into his embrace, ‘I’ve always loved this cottage so.’  Feeling content, Gideon decided against mentioning the old man and the strange things he had said, he was just happy to be here and alone with her.  He closed his eyes and together they lapped up the remains of the sunlight, the sky grew red as the sun sank down over the trees and filled the woods with shade.  Mayan shivered as the shadows lengthened quickly, engulfing her but leaving Gideon in a small but fast disappearing patch of sun.
‘Yer been so grumpy lately Gid,’ Mayan said referring to their journey up from Green Home; she watched her fiancé from beneath her lashes.
‘Not all the time May,’ he answered, ‘fer half o’ it I were sleepin’.’  He grinned and lightly punched Mayan on the arm; her infectious laughter joined his as she pretended to rub a painful wound.
‘I see, now not only abandoned whilst yer sleep but battered an’ all,’ she threw back as she jumped up and ran quickly to the house laughing as she went.  Pushing the door open, she laughed and slammed it in Gideon’s face as he ran lightly behind her.

***

An evening of fun and laughter followed, eventually though the friends and family went to bed, Mayan to sleep alone in a small spare room and Gideon, to sleep on one of the warm cushion filled sofas in the living room directly below the room offered to Sonal and Gideon’s father.  Their room had two of the most exquisitely carved single beds Sonal had ever seen.
‘These bedsteads are truly beautiful,’ Sonal offered, admiring the rich carving.
‘Nice and cosy, just the way yer like it lad,’ Gideon senior said to his son as he and his wife both carrying spare pillows entered the room two men were sharing.  ‘Was s’posed ter be our room but we never ‘ad much cause ter use it as any noise travels straight down through the floor,’ Gideon senior added with a wink.
‘Gideon!’  Gideon’s grandmother called in horrified embarrassment, her face suddenly a deep scarlet; she threw her pillow at her husband and left the room as Gideon senior pretended indignation.
‘What woman..., I didn’t say owt!’ Gideon’s grandfather exclaimed as he smiled at his son and growled at his wife as he too left the room.  Jed himself smiled wryly, too much information Da; he thought and grinned again as he heard his mother berating his father upstairs.  He felt warm and comforted; his parents had finally become the parents he had always wanted them to be.
‘Goodnight.’
‘Night, ‘Journeys Grace’ keep yer….’
‘Journey keep yer,’ numerous voices across the little house called out as the company settled down to sleep.
‘Gideon seems a lot better now Jed.’  Sonal began quietly as he and Gideon’s father also settled for the night, he intended, against his own advice to ask about Gideon’s mother.
‘Yeah, he does that.’ Jed replied.
‘He’s a good looking lad; does he get his colouring from his mother?’  Sonal began again.
‘Yeah.’  Was all Jed offered, then, just as he began to drift off, Sonal spoke again.
‘Jed, just who was Gideon’s mother?’  This time, Jed said nothing but once again remembered the pale and beautiful blonde child who had died giving Gideon life.  He had thought about her a lot over the last few days, he did not know why but thoughts of her had been with him as the small company had journeyed toward Branton and he had felt her as if she had truly travelled beside her son and calmed his own worries.
The wind began to howl and whine, whistling noisily through the rafters of the old cottage effectively stopping any kind of whispered conversation and for that Jed was grateful.  He lay awake in the handcrafted single bed, he remembered the piece well, how he and his father had honed the wood and made it shine, revealing the beauty-hidden underneath the bark.  His father had been extremely pleased with the finished product.
‘Dreams will always be pleasant in this bed coz of the love that’s gone in ter it,’ he had said.  Time passed, Sonal said no more.  Jed, assuming his friend had fallen asleep glanced through the still night air at his friend shrouded in darkness and shadows.
‘We all ‘ave our secrets me friend…,’ he whispered, sighing deeply as he closed his eyes once more and began re-living the awful night of the young girl’s death and Gideon’s birth.  ‘What was it she said?’  Jed asked himself as a lump built up in his throat and his eyes began to burn.  In his mind, he again saw her lying awkwardly in the wet and cold gully with blood dripping steadily out of her frail form and soaking deep into the ground as the wind howled and the rain beat down around them.  She must have been in such pain, he thought, but she thought only of the baby.  His memories changed and he saw his late wife with her glorious hair a burning mass of orange flame, she stood at the upstairs window of what had once been their home. …only of the baby, the thought came unbidden as again he watched her throw a small smoking bundle into Jack’s waiting arms before she turned and looked at him with eyes full of sorrow and pain.  Jed swallowed hard trying to avert the threatening tears and for an instant, his memories merged.  The young girl became his Mayan, still standing in the flame-filled room but this time she smiled at him as the flames played with her long blonde hair and ate up her body.  In her arms, a baby chuckled happily; she kissed it on the forehead and wrapped it in a smouldering shawl.  Reaching for the window the girl extended her arms and threw her precious bundle out into the cold night air, this time Jed himself caught the child, it was alive and had piercing blue eyes that smiled up at him.
‘He still wants my baby, Jed,’ the girl said sadly, ‘and he can feel him, now, when he travels, please, save my baby…’ she added as the vision began to fade.
‘Who wants him girl?’  Jed whispered aloud, somehow knowing they were talking of Gideon.  As the vision became faint he added, pleading, ‘who must I save him from?’  He was still pleading as the vision disappeared.
Sonal listened to his friend knowing something was occurring, having been around magic all of his life, he knew the signs.  The temperature in the room had dropped sharply and his skin had been itching crazily.  What’s happening…?’  He thought knowing Jed must have felt it too.  As the itching faded and Jed asked his question aloud, Sonal sat up, twisted his fingers over the small white candle on the bedside table and he watched as it burst into life, the temperature lowered a little more.  Jed turned to his friend suddenly awash with pale yellow candlelight as smoke from the candle curled slowly upwards to the low ceiling.
‘Well Jed,’ said Sonal quietly, well aware that the other members of the household were close by and sleeping.  ‘I thought a little more cold wouldn’t hurt as you have frozen me bones rigid already,’ he smiled at his friend to take the sting out of the words.  Jed lay in bed, his head back on the pillow.
‘Gideon ‘as never been away from the forest afore,’ he began.  ‘Sommat ‘as always come up ter stop ‘im leavin’,’ he looked over at Sonal.  ‘Gid…, Gid be special like,’ he said and carefully watched Sonal in the pale light to gauge his reaction.
Sonal remained silent, the silence seemed interminably long and it was absolute.  He can probably hear my heart beating, Sonal thought as it thumped wildly in his chest.  Still he said nothing leaving the silence as an open invitation for Jed to speak.  Jed lay back and watched the flame on the candle as it began to dance.  The candle flared brightly as Sonal mutely sent a warm, calming spell, full of love and compassion toward his friend.
At first as Jed began to speak, he talked of how happy he and his wife Mayan had been together.  How they had longed for children and how as each tiny, perfect child had been born, it had also died shortly after taking its first breath, if it had breathed at all.
Sonal could hear the pain and heartbreak in his friend as he told of the children’s successive deaths.  Suddenly the room temperature plummeted, Gideon, thought Sonal, as again his skin began to itch as if ants were crawling over his body.  He wanted desperately to scratch but refused to move in case he interrupted Jed who seemed not to notice either the magic or the cold in the room.  His breath became white plumes of vapour as he exhaled.
As Jed spoke of his late wife, their last child and the fire at his old home, a solitary tear slipped from his eye and lay glistening on his cheek in the candlelight.  Sonal watched the tear sparkle and shine and remembered the cottage as he had first seen it, a burnt out husk with only a partial roof to give him shelter from the rain but how by the next morning it had been transformed, droplets of water were everywhere and they had glistened like diamonds in the early morning sunlight.  He smiled at the memory as the candle flickered and the smoke began to waver, twisting and curling, spreading out in places and thickening in others.  His mind returned to Jed with a snap and the breath swelled in his lungs as he tried desperately not to breathe too fast or too deeply, tried not to disturb the smoke drawing its fine and delicate pictures in the frigid air.  Tendrils of smoke floated across the room toward the source of the magic, Gideon, who stood outside the door listening intently to the whispered conversation.
As Gideon had lain on the lumpy sofa downstairs something had disturbed him, something seemed wrong, his head was spinning and he had felt as if insects were crawling on his skin.  Thinking it was the return of the headache that had plagued him for the last few days he had gone to see if his father had any more willow bark knowing he was awake from the muted sounds of conversation drifting down from above him.  Quietly he climbed the stairs and watched as shadows danced and played under the bedroom door and he gently pushed it open.  Sonal sat on his bed watching a candle flame dance and draw pictures and despite the burgeoning pain in his head, Gideon smiled to himself knowing how Sonal always liked to show off his tricks. Da be a captive audience, he mused wryly.
As his father’s words became audible, Gideon stopped and listened, he had never heard his father speak of those times before.  Suddenly he was seeing pictures in the smoke, he was mesmerised, the words seemed to get louder and louder, vibrating around his skull, each word merging with the last, echo after echo.  He thrust the heels of his hands into his ears trying to prevent the sound from penetrating his head any deeper as the whispered voices grew to a crescendo, reverberating around the room screaming.  Finally the scream became so high pitched Gideon could no longer hear it, he sank back against the doorjamb and listened, as Jed told of his previous drunkenness, how the fire that had killed his wife and son on the night of the child’s birth had been entirely his own fault, how he believed he had killed them.  Pain filled every word Jed whispered and sorrow as real as the candle flame itself filled the room.  Gideon, with Sonal felt the pain and anguish of the man as they watched the smoke weave and play drawing lifelike pictures dancing to the spoken words.  They saw Jed’s wife at the upstairs window and watched as the flames danced around her, Sonal gasped as she threw open the glass and tossed the baby out straight into the arms of a waiting man.  Jack, Sonal thought, though Jed himself had never told him this was so.  Jed was now speaking so faintly that Gideon and Sonal could hardly hear but the smoke played out the story faithfully.  They saw Jed as he tied to kill himself and they watched as the wolf saved him, watched as the pictures showed him finally reconciling himself to a hermit’s life within the vastness of the Green Home Forest.
Jed was silent for a while as the smoke drifted once more back to a long plume of silver grey, a ribbon reaching out into the night.  Gideon’s tears ran unashamedly down his face, his heart full of love and compassion for his father.
When Jed began to talk once more, his voice was louder but still full of sorrow though love and pride were audible too.  He told of how the weather was wild and wet, how the trees were screaming in protest at the sheer velocity of the water raining down from the heavens.  He talked of the cold, the damp and the restlessness of the animals in his care and again, the smoke drew the pictures in the air as if Jed were the conductor, directing each plume and fragment of smoke, some light and some heavy, each wisp having its piece to play in some heavenly composition.
As Sonal watched the smoky pictures, a steady stream of tears began falling from the corner of Jed’s eye leaving a sparkling silver trail where it ran down his face.  Sonal closed his mind to the tears and concentrated on the pictures themselves, they told of Jed throwing open the door of his home and running out into the wet, wild night.  Both Sonal and Gideon watched in silence as they saw branches hit Jed’s face causing scratches and scrapes, they saw Jed fall more than once as he continued his flight after Blue, his wolf.  They watched as a low growing branch swept Jed’s hat off his head causing it to fall into the wet undergrowth only to be abandoned as Jed ran on without a backward glance.  The pictures only slowed as Jed’s voice slowed, Sonal with Gideon could see in more detail now as Jed relived the sight of the young girl lying at the base of the gully and they watched as Jed tenderly gathered her into his arms.
‘I’ll stay with yer girl, you’ll not be alone…,’ Jed whispered to the smoky figure before him, the silent men watched as in the picture Jed cradled the girl to his chest and Sonal somehow knew Jed was thinking of his lost wife Mayan, dying all alone, scared and in such pain.
‘I’ll not let yer down again,’ they heard Jed say as the young girl spoke once more and took her last breath.  They could see the tears rolling down Jed’s face just as he realised the child in her belly was still alive and they watched as Jed took his knife and there in the wet gully sliced the girl open and birthed the child, a boy.  ‘By the Journey...’ Gideon! Sonal thought as he tried to calm his racing heart as rapidly the pictures moved on through Gideon’s life, each one showing Sonal how much Jed grew to love the boy and as the pictures slowed again and began to fade, Jed once more looked at his friend.
‘Was I wrong, should I ‘ave let the boy die?’  He asked.  ‘I would die mesel’ ter protect ‘im from, from, whatever is out ter get ‘im,’ he stated and with such force, Sonal was in no doubt his gentle friend would kill for his son.
Gideon, still outside the door stood up, his mind in a whirl, slowly he crept downstairs and returned to the sofa with his headache forgotten, sitting quietly he stared out at the moon.
‘Who am I?’  He asked the huge silver disc.  ‘Who am I?’  He whispered again as he lay down and closed his eyes visions of the white haired old man in the forest came to him.
‘This is who you are my boy,’ the man had said.  ‘This is who you are.’
As the itching stopped and the flame returned to normal Sonal realised Gideon, unbeknownst to Jed had heard every word.
‘No my friend,’ Sonal replied quietly.  ‘You were not wrong,’ he answered as the other members of the household turned in their sleep and settled once more, the strange dream that had affected them all, over, just as suddenly as it had begun.


Chapter 6
Tea


Gideon awoke still feeling tired; it had been early in the morning before a disturbed sleep had finally claimed him.  Dragging himself from the sofa and out to the small wash room to freshen up he stared at the figure before him in the mirror.
‘I still be me,’ he said aloud to the tired and drawn looking reflection, wishing all he had heard and seen the previous night were a dream.  Washing quickly he walked into the kitchen to find his grandmother sitting alone at the table her teapot and an extra cup close by.
‘There yer be lad,’ she said as she pulled out a chair.  Gideon sat beside her, ‘everyone else be out walking ‘cept you ‘n’ me.  ’ she added, smiling sadly.  ‘Yer know boy, last night I think we all ‘ad funny dreams…I don’t know ‘ow we saw the pictures yer Da and Sonal made but see em we did,’ she continued as she poured him a cup from the small pot.
‘Me Da…,’ Gideon started, trying to make some sense of what he had seen in the smoky images.  His grandmother hushed him.
‘Yer Da…,’ she interrupted pushing the cup toward him, ‘‘is still yer Da, iffen ‘e as any faults, ‘is, is that ‘e loves yer too much an’ ‘e should ‘ave told yer from the beginnin’.’  She stopped and sipped her tea looking at him pointedly.
‘Yer granda an’ me, we ‘ave known ‘ow yer was birthed from the very first…’ she said, matter of factly, her eyes doing little to hide her fear of rejection.  ‘Now don’t yer go ‘ateing us,’ she said as the tears formed in her eyes.  ‘Yer me grandson Gideon and I love yer now as much as I will on the day I die.  ‘Journeys will’ brung Jedadiah ter find the poor young girl that carried yer and ‘Journeys will’ let ‘im keep yer alive.  ‘E’s yer Da, always been yer Da an’ ‘e ‘specially don’t deserve yer ‘ate fer that.’
Gideon looked sadly at the old woman he had known and loved all his life.
‘Where is ‘e, gran?’  He asked, standing without touching his tea, ‘I need ter see ‘im,’ he added as his grandmother pushed her chair back.
‘Gid love, iffen yer love us… please don’ urt ‘im, ‘e couldn’t take it, not now, ‘e loves yer too much...,’ his grandmother pleaded, tears trembling unshod in her eyes.
The kitchen door opened and a chill breeze wafted across the room.
‘No Lad,’ interrupted his grandfather as he closed the door behind him and walked into the bright kitchen.
‘We all love yer too much,’ he said, as he threw his coat over a chair and draped his arms around his grandson.  ‘Proud I am of yer boy, an’ right proud yer bear me name,’ he added, holding him tightly, he continued to hold his grandson as he felt the boy’s body shake with emotion.
‘I love yer both too,’ Gideon said and finally smiled through his tears ‘an’ I hope I’ll always make yer proud,’ he added as his grandmother wiped her face with the corner of her pinafore.
‘Drink yer tea boy, then go find yer Da, e’ be walkin’ in the wood,’ she finished as Gideon senior released his only surviving grandchild from his embrace.
‘Ner lad, you go find yer Da, an’ I’ll finish yer tea,’ his grandfather smiled as the boy grabbed the discarded woodsman’s jacket and throwing it over his shoulders walked out of the kitchen closing the door behind him.
He found his father sitting on the bench where he had teased Mayan on the previous evening and he suddenly he felt guilty.  Mayan must ‘ave ‘eard Sonal’s magic too, he thought, then his father looked up at him, his face puffy and swollen as if he’d been crying, fear and pain clear on the rough worn features and for once, Mayan drifted from his thoughts.
‘Da,’ he said, an overwhelming love filled him as he looked at the man who had always been his father.  ‘Yer could ‘ave left me ter die,’ Gideon said, ‘but yer saved me…’ Jed looked at the man standing tall before him, the years have flown so fast, he thought.
‘Yer be me son,’ he said aloud, ‘my son!’
Gideon senior looked worriedly out of the cottage window.
‘They be ‘uggin’ love…,’ he cried, swallowing hard as the lump in his throat threatened to burst and let the tears fall. ‘…they be ‘uggin’…’  He said again quietly, as the two in question walked off toward the wood.  His wife slowly placed her arms around him.
‘Course they be ‘uggin’,’ she said, relief evident in her face, ‘tell me..., when did the boy get ter be so tall?’  She asked, as the pair stared out the window watching their son and his son, disappear into the trees.


Chapter 7
Toby Reaches Branton


Toby saw the smoke rising from the cottage chimney off in the distance and his heart began to beat faster, he had been tracking his quarry for a long time but finally the end was literally in sight.  He had come a long way since he had last seen this cottage, back then, he had been a favoured son, his mother had pointed the house out to him as they had travelled into Branton town to shop and stay a few days.
‘Old Gideon Green lives there Toby,’ she’d said, ‘I still remember when he lived out near the forest back ‘ome.’  At the time, Toby had felt a little empathy for the man, as he would have preferred to live this far from the forest too.  Green Home Forest had always given him the creeps, making him feel unwelcome, unsafe even.
‘We’ll capture, an’ ‘old the traitor ‘ere, the column will catch us up on the Branton Road in a couple o’ days an’ then we’ll travel on ter the markets an’ ‘ome.’  Toby explained to his men as they reached the cottage and dismounted.
‘Jayson,’ Toby called to one of the soldiers, ‘take the animals in ter barn an’ sort ‘em out.’
‘Yes sir,’ replied the young soldier, happy to be sent with the animals and knowing he had only been sent with the elite force because of his affinity with the huge beasts.
‘Missing all the fun again Jayse,’ sneered Duggan, one of Toby’s men as he handed Jayson his horse’s bridal and spat heavy brown tobacco fluid at the young man’s feet.  Jayson ignored the comment and subsequent laughter from the other soldiers as he led the horses off, behind him the soldiers approached the cottage.
Gideon senior opened the door of the cottage with his wife close behind him both clearly afraid.
‘I be Gideon Green, what can I do fer yer,’ he said to the men crowding his front door, the men turned to Toby at the mention of the old man’s name.
‘Ner, it’s not ‘im, we be lookin’ fer a younger man, twentyish!’  Toby said roughly, recognising Gideon’s grandfather.  ‘Yer grandson I believe,’ he added, addressing the old man as he looked past Gideon senior and his wife and into the cottage interior.
“E ain’t ‘ere, he lives with ‘is Da in Green ‘ome,’ began Gideon senior attempting to block the view of his home.
“Old ‘em...’ Toby replied turning to his men and smiling, watching dispassionately as the old couple struggled and were quickly and violently overpowered.  Toby walked toward the cottage and stepped inside, intent on finding the younger man himself but as he passed the threshold, he stopped, suddenly feeling ill, his stomach clenched hard and his bowels turned liquid.  Cold sweat began running down his back and fear ran through him, fear, as he had never known it before.  He could not understand it; the house seemed to scream at him, its malevolence almost palpable.  In absolute terror, he turned away from the house and his dread subsided almost immediately but was quickly be replaced by shame.  His embarrassment at his fear in front of his men made him lash out at the old woman held captive before him, she screamed out in pain and her mouth dripped with blood.
‘What d’yer want?’  Pleaded her husband as he watched his wife helplessly, her face red and bruised.  ‘Please…, what d’yer want?’  He asked again as Toby lashed out once more, this time at the old man himself.
‘Search the ‘ouse,’ Toby screamed at another of his men.  Duggan, the searcher, again spat black liquid from between his teeth at the ground in front of him and grinned, enjoying himself immensely.
‘Yes sir,’ he said and smiled revealing a row of stained and rotten teeth, black spittle dribbled down his chin and he wiped it with his sleeve as he walked toward the house.  Toby waited, expecting the soldier to refuse and back out as he himself had done.  Deep shame once more overcame him as Duggan walked on into the house without so much as a pause and angry again; Toby lashed out once more, this time his fist catching the frail old man in the solar plexus.  Painfully winded, he sank to his knees.
‘Can’t find him sir, I’m going upstairs…’ Duggan called, his voice echoing in the empty house.  Toby threw another punch, this time catching Gideon across the jaw, the force of the blow causing the man to drop prone to the cold earth.
‘The house is empty sir.’  The soldier called out from within the cottage.
‘I know ‘e’s ‘ere somewhere, where’s ‘e ‘idin’?’ Toby screamed in fury.
‘I be Gideon Green.’  The old man said again stubbornly as blood poured from his mouth and pooled on the cold earth beneath his head.  Gideon stared at Toby with defiance in his eyes as Toby stepped in front of his wife and taking a knife from his belt, held it to her throat.
‘Where be yer gran’son, old man, tell me now or she dies…’ he said, pressing the blade into the skin just deep enough to draw blood.  Gideon looked at his wife in terror as she tried to shake her head.
‘I be ready fer me journey Gid,’ she cried quietly, tears running down her face, ‘don’t yer go an’ give the boy up,’ she added as the knife pressed harder.  From the ground, Gideon senior sobbed, seeing abiding love, understanding and acceptance in her eyes.
‘I love yer woman…, don’t yer see, I ‘ave ter,’ he replied as he looked to Toby, his face full of tears.  The boy’s in the woods, yonder…’ he sobbed and pointed unsteadily toward the trees.  ‘Please…, let me wife go now... she ain’t done nowt, the boy ain’t ‘ere,’ he pleaded as his face crumpled with pain and sorrow.  ‘Fergive me boy,’ he whispered as a look of triumph lit up Toby’s face, ‘fergive me…’ he whispered again as the old woman was thrown sobbing onto her husband where he lay on the cold hard ground.
‘One of yer tie ‘em up an’ leave ‘em ‘ere,’ ordered Toby impatiently, as he strode off toward the wood.  ‘Come on, hurry,’ he added as his men ran to catch him up.

***

In the barn, Jayson unbridled the horses found them clean stalls and rubbed them down, he busied himself in caring for the animals not noticing his surroundings or the other horses already stabled.  Hearing a woman’s scream he started, his soft hands becoming rigid and still, the animals feeling his agitation became fidgety and cross.
‘Hush, be still,’ he whispered to the disturbed animals forcing himself to calm down and as he did, they copied.  He hated this part of his job and hated himself for being a coward.  How many times have I stood back and done nothing?  He asked himself, I didn’t join for this, his thoughts continued.  His stomach knotted in anger as the woman screamed again, he knew he could do nothing to help the poor folk who lived here anymore than he had been able to help his own family, feeling a coward and a failure he stood back, unknowingly leaning against a beautifully carved stall.  His eyes closed and he tried to ignore the pain in the sound but it seemed to go on forever, mingling with the screams from his memories.  Suddenly he could see his family once more, his father lying dead on the ground, his mother held fast in the arms of a bandit and struggling in vain to get away.  He saw his sister lying on the ground and screaming as another bandit tore at her clothes.  He could see the knife at her throat where the blade was beginning to bite at her pale skin and unsure whom to help first, he ran toward his mother who was closest.
‘Drop the knife boy,’ the bandit holding his mother had ordered.
‘Drop the knife or they both die...’ Jayson, wild with fury ignored the command as he continued to rush forward holding his knife point first, intending to kill the men who had destroyed his family.  As he neared the bandit holding his mother, she suddenly flew toward him, Jayson could still see the look of shock and surprise on her face as his knife pierced her soft belly.  He held her tightly as the momentum of the push forced the knife through her.
‘NO..., ‘no,’ he shouted, as his mother lay dying in his arms with her lifeblood pouring from the wound he had inflicted.  In his grief, he did not see the second man approach from behind and hit him over the head.  Later he awoke in a pool of congealing blood still holding his mother’s body and as he looked around, he wondered why the bandits had left him alive.  His family lay around him, his sister ravished with her throat slashed; his father’s body where he had fallen trying to protect them all and his mother, his mother run through by his own hand.  Behind him, the family home lay in a smoking ruin and his few possessions were gone, along with what had once been a happy life.  Alone and left alive to bury his dead, knowing he had been unable to prevent his father’s death , he believed himself the cause of his mother and sister’s demise, he hated himself and joined the army to die rather than accept the king’s bounty.
For a moment, Jayson just stared the images of his dead family swirling through his mind just as they always did at times like this.  Why am I still alive?  The question again whirled around his head as he placed his hands behind him and leaned further into the stalls supports, his head back and his eyes squeezed tightly shut, his fingers clutched hard at the wood forcing his tears to stay away, forcing the merging screams from his mind.  As his fingers squeezed tighter, he felt an anomaly in the normally smooth wood, a tiny knot beneath his fingers and a strange irregularity in the wall itself.  As he held it, it became warm, almost burning hot, forcing the images of his parents and sister from his mind.  Turning he found himself looking at carvings of wooden leaves and vines curling around the deep smooth crossbeams, the vines climbing higher and higher into the rafters, the supports themselves seeming to grow from the earth like trees.
Looking about him, Jayson suddenly realised the whole barn was covered in the carvings, each stall seemed as if it had grown into place rather than been built from rough timber.  He ran his hands along the walls in surprise, lovingly feeling each ridge and groove in the wood and smiling as he came across an elaborately carved frog sitting watching him from an equally exquisite leaf.  He marvelled at the intricacies of the knife work and smiled with delight as he discovered more tiny insects and animals hidden amongst the wooden stalls and beams.  I wonder how I didn’t notice earlier?  He thought as he continued to discover more and more wonders.
The horses snorted gently, the air full of the smells of warm straw and wood and for him, the barn seemed alive, comforting somehow.  Jayson had not known so much peace and love since his family had been lost to him.  Leaning forward, his forehead against what seemed to be the bole of a tree he at last felt free, free from the guilt he carried over his family’s death and at last knowing in his heart they were together on their journey and they wanted him to forgive himself.  Taking a long deep breath, he walked out of the barn to find his comrades.
‘You, Jayse, see to it, tie ‘em up’ called the corporal as the three remaining men hurried after Sergeant Hollins as he walked briskly into the wood.
Jayson looked at his senior man disappearing into the trees and then to the old folk lying cold and bloody on the hard ground.
‘Mam,’ he said to the old woman, ‘yer shouldn’t be lying on the floor like that, you’ll catch yer death.  Here, let me help yer get up,’ he said, smiling kindly.
‘There’s anovver of ‘em in the ‘ouse,’ whispered Gideon senior fearfully as he watched Jayson helping his wife, suspicion evident in his eyes.  Jayson took the old woman into the house and returned to help the old man and as Jayson placed his arms around him, Gideon suddenly relaxed and knew with a deep certainty that this man was a friend.
‘I’ll deal with the intruder’s body sir,’ Jayson said quietly, ‘Duggan must have fallen down the stairs, his neck is broken,’ he added.


Chapter 8
Gideon’s Relapse


Gideon’s head felt fit to burst and as he walked it seemed to be getting worse, the pain was unlike anything he had ever experienced.  Pressure seemed to be building behind his eyes making it difficult for him to see, he was cold and hot at the same time and once again his skin felt too small for his body.  His skin itched unbearably with the fabric of his clothes just exacerbating the problem.
‘Come on Gid lad, we’ll soon be ‘ome ter yer gran’s ‘ouse,’ his father said, as he hurried his son back over the slight rise and approached the gully that separated his father’s land from the wood.  He was worried sick, Gideon had never had a day’s illness in his life and since leaving home; he had suffered sickness, headaches, nausea and now this.  He wanted to consult Sonal who usually knew what to do in unusual situations.
‘Da, I’m gonna…,’ Gideon turned away from his father, bent double and threw up, coughing and spluttering as the contents of his stomach vented upon the leafy ground, Jed turned and leaned over his son his hand gently resting on his back.
‘It’s not far now boy, yer’ll be al…’ Jed fell, his unconscious form falling heavily and hitting the ground as Gideon threw up again, the vomit missing his father by inches.  Exhausted, Gideon dropped to his knees beside him.
‘Da…, Da,’ he cried as he blindly shook the unconscious man through his bouts of vomiting.  With his eyes watering and the pain in his head building once more, Gideon had not heard the approach of the soldiers any more than his father had.
‘Well met Gideon,’ called Toby, as Gideon tried hard to open his wounded eyes and see, pressing the heels of his hands deeply into his eye sockets he scrubbed hard.
‘Tie ‘im tight,’ ordered Toby.  Within minutes, Gideon found himself trussed like a turkey awaiting the oven for the oncoming winter festival.
‘I ain’t tying ‘is ‘ands til ‘e’s finished pukin’,’ laughed one of the guards as Gideon, now helpless as a kitten allowed himself to be held as he vomited.
He thought he was dying, his blood was pounding in his veins and the pressure in his head was building to a point of bursting, his whole body felt wrong, pain was everywhere and all he wanted to do was die.
Toby kicked Gideon’s unconscious father aside as Gideon threw himself forward once more onto his hands, his stomach clenching hard.  He could hardly breathe, his throat burned from the acidic bile, his head was buzzing and his eyes burned with the light of the sun.  Tears of pain poured down his face and dripped off his nose to mingle with the cooling vomit and dark yellow bile beneath him.  Toby’s stomach churned at the intense smell.
‘That’s disgustin’ man,’ Toby said, turning away and wrinkling his nose.  He spoke again to his men, ‘as soon as ‘e’s finished throwin’, tie ‘is ‘ands too…’ he grinned and walked a distance away from the smell.  ‘Watch ‘im careful like lads,’ he added as he ducked into a bush, ‘I’m goin’ fer a piss.’
A few minutes away Sonal was hurrying Mayan as fast as he could back along the path they had taken earlier.
‘Mus’ we go ser fast Sonal, can’t yer at least tell me why we suddenly be hurryin’ back the way we came?’  She asked.  Her feet were sore and she didn’t understand what was happening, one moment they had been ambling along enjoying the sunshine in the leafy wood and the next Sonal had stopped and seemed to ‘smell’ the air.
“By the Journey!’  Come on, move...’ he had shouted as he hurried away.  Mayan complied but after Sonal had offered no explanation, she stopped defiantly.
‘Sonal what’s wrong, I’ll not be moving anovver foot til yer tell me.’  She said, her fists curled and planted rebelliously on her hips.
‘Journey preserve us,’ Sonal replied, stopping and looking toward the girl, how could he explain to her that it was a feeling he had received through his bond with the magic.  Something was happening, even he was not sure what it was but he knew without a doubt it concerned Gideon and it could be fatal if someone did not do something.  ‘Mayan, it’s Gideon, he needs us... now,’ he said as gently as he could in his agitated state.  ‘We must go dear, now...’ he said again when Mayan did not move.  She thought of Gideon, of all she had heard last night and the horror she had felt at hearing of Gideon’s birth, she had not known how to face her fiancé this morning and had been very willing to walk with Sonal in the woods, delaying the moment she would see him again.  She felt immediately guilty.
‘It’s my fault,’ she whispered to Sonal, ‘I wasn’t there when he woke.  First, the dreams last night, an’ now this.  ‘E’ll think I didn’t love ‘im enough, what should I do Sonal?’  The tears immediately fell from her eyes and she sobbed into her hands.  Aware of time and slightly harsher than he otherwise would have been, Sonal strode to the girl and shook her.
‘It’s not always about you, you silly, silly girl, Gideon may die, die here and now whilst you wallow in your self-pity.  Stay here if you must but I really have to go,’ he turned his back on a shocked Mayan and fled down the path.  Remorse at his rough treatment of her flitted through his mind but he shook it loose as he turned a corner and stopped abruptly.
Across the small clearing three men were huddled over what seemed to be a man kneeling on the floor.  Sonal recognised the top of Gideon’s blonde head as he leant forward being violently sick and fearing the worst he rushed over.
‘Let me through, I’m a healer,’ he said just as Toby returned to the clearing adjusting his belt, without wasting a moment Toby walked up quickly behind Sonal and cracked him hard on the head with the handle of his knife, down Sonal fell, straight over Gideon’s back and lower legs.  His body rolled down the slight gully and rested in the piles of leaves gathered at the bottom.
‘Just missed the puke!’ exclaimed one of the three men, laughing hard as he tried unsuccessfully to hold Gideon in a position to tie him without the lad being sick all over him.
‘Journey’s End,’ how much puke can a man hold?’  Another exclaimed as Gideon threw up yet again this time over the soldier’s shoes.
Gideon was dangerously weak and faint, his eyes were on fire, his brain felt like it was swelling, his head felt ready to burst and he thought he was truly dying.
Mayan, shocked at Sonal’s appraisal of her character followed him quickly down the path.  As she ran, brambles snagged her legs and her skin tore in numerous places as twigs and branches reached out to hinder her.  Suddenly she thought again of the dreams she had had last night.  Gideon’s mother, the girl even younger than she was herself and running alone in the dark with both the rain and the wind lashing at her.  ‘Ow frightened she must ‘ave been, Mayan thought feeling deeply ashamed.  As she turned the corner, she saw only the pale blonde head leaning forward, liquid dribbling down from his nose and chin and a soldier wiping his shoe on Gideon’s legs.
‘Oh Gid,’ she called in sorrow as she rushed toward him; the faces around him looked up.
“Ello there… ‘my only love!’’  Toby said quietly, echoing a previous conversation he had overheard between Gideon and Mayan; he bowed politely from the waist and although exhausted from his sickness, Gideon looked up.
‘Go May, run, run…’ he croaked wearily, as one of the soldiers knocked him aside with his knee.  May’s blood ran cold as she turned on her heel to run as Gideon had instructed, Toby watched her with both lust and loathing in his eyes, he stepped to one side and reached into the pack held securely at his belt and removed his swag net.  Slowly he spun it above his head, smooth circular movements gradually becoming faster and faster, the net swirled through the air with a faint hum emanating from its taught wires, finally he released it spinning toward Mayan.  The weights on the edge of the net held the spread wide and it flew like a gossamer spider’s web across the open space.  It dropped fast, directly down onto the fleeing girl, its momentum wrapping the spinning weights tight about her ankles and she fell.  With no free arms to block her fall, she fell hard, knocking her head.  As she started to slip into unconsciousness she thought, I’ve been ‘ere before… silently she screamed as the darkness took her.
‘Oh my, this be easy, too, too easy..., tie ‘im tight,’ Toby said grinning at his men ‘but make sure ‘e watches this…’ he laughed as he walked toward the stunned girl, adding, ‘funny, ain’t it me love,’ yer own brother Jed was the one oo taught me ‘ow to swing a swag net in the firs’ place!’
In her mind Mayan fled, deeper and deeper she retreated, erecting barrier after barrier.  Finally, she found her safe place, a happy place beside a tree with a silver brook and she imagined Gideon was with her, in her dreams he wrapped his arms around her while she cried softly.
‘I’m sorry;’ she sobbed, her salty tears staining his beautiful white shirt.’
‘Hush, love,’ Gideon was saying, ‘It’ll be all right...’
‘After me lads, yer know yer first...’ Toby laughed again as he knelt at Mayan’s feet freeing her slowly from the net and taking the knife from his belt, he began to cut away her clothing.  He glanced over at Gideon expecting to see his pain but when he did not he screamed at his men.
‘I said make sure ‘e can see.’
Gideon felt his hair grabbed and his head lifted but as he looked up the light hit his eyes piercing them with red hot needles, he screwed them tightly shut trying to lessen the pain.
‘Don’t yer wanna see your girly get a good portion then lad?’  The soldier holding his head up by the hair asked with a sneer evident in his voice.  Gideon forced his eyes open, he saw between the tears falling from his eyes his Mayan, nearly naked and lying still before Toby, her creamy white skin exposed to all.  Her nipples hardened in the cool breeze as Gideon watched and Toby unbuttoned his trousers releasing his engorged manhood to the cheers and catcalls of his men.
‘Toby…, please no,’ Gideon whispered through his pain.  The vision before him wavered then grew still again, he felt as if his head were pulsating, each contraction becoming stronger and stronger; his body was bursting out of his skin.  Vomit once again rushed up his gullet and he pulled his head down for release.
‘No lad,’ said the soldier once again yanking his head up with his hair, ‘Sergeant Hollins says you have to watch, you never know, maybe if you are a good prisoner the serge will let you have a share after all of us!’  He laughed at his own joke as Gideon saw Toby cut away the last of Mayan’s underclothing, her natural red hair curling delicately.  Gideon’s neck stretched too far for breath and his vision distorted once more.
‘Go on Serge, give ‘er one fer me,’ he heard. 
‘No,’ Gideon tried to shout, his voice came out as barely a whisper, his eyes began to throb, for an instant his vision cleared once more and he watched as Toby, his knees pushed between Mayan’s spread legs finally leant forward and ploughed his manhood into her.
‘No,’ Gideon shouted, tears of fury running down his face.
‘Got there before yer, Gid…’  Toby purred as he realised Mayan had been a virgin, his voice was hoarse and filled with pleasure and his scar puckered the side of his face turning his grin into a sneer.
‘NOOOO…!’  Exploded Gideon; a wave of pure power erupted from his body, white and shining in its intensity.  The soldiers beside and in front of him dropped dead, their hearts stilled instantly.  Small animals and birds overhead fell from the trees as the power surged on above and in front of him, diminishing in intensity as it travelled.  Toby collapsed on top of Mayan suddenly knocked out cold, his manhood, still buried deep inside her shrivelled and died, slipping out of her like a cold wet worm.
Everything in front and to either side of Gideon was either dead or unconscious.  The creatures of the earth stopped moving and the trees about him instantly lost their colour, turning brittle as life leeched away, the very air stilled, there was nothing living, death stalked the area greedily lapping up even the tiniest of insects and stopping their minutely beating hearts.  A heavy branch cracked as it died and broke off a large tree, Gideon watched through a filmy haze of pain, as it seemed to fall in slow motion, landing almost on top of the two bodies lying one atop the other.  Finally, Gideon himself collapsed on the dead ground his unknown power spent for the moment.


Chapter 9
Young Jed Leaves the Company


On the Branton Road not too far away, Varan and his small party were travelling toward Green Home.  They were tired and dirty, the weather had turned cooler as they crossed the river and the chill had leeched at their courage and determination, draining their strength like an open tap empties a barrel.  Young Jed wanted to nothing more than to get home, he had begun to feel ill again and could not stop thinking his mother was in trouble.  Lemba smiled at him feeling his worry and feeling useless as she was unable to put things right.  She patted his hand as it held hers tightly.
‘Stop,’ Varan suddenly shouted, as he pulled his horse off the road, he was staring toward the trees, ‘do you feel that?’  He asked looking expectantly at his companions; in answer, both Rhoàld and Dotty nodded their heads.  Jed looked up, his head had been aching badly for what seemed an age but now, suddenly, it began to get much worse.
‘All I feel be me ‘ead aching.’  Jed grumbled as he took his hand from Lemba and cradled his head.
‘Something is happening here,’ Varan continued as if Jed had not spoken.  ‘Here...,’ he said again, pointing toward the dense woodland alongside the road.
‘We must go this way and quickly,’ he stated, moving his horse off the road and between some small gorse bushes.  Dotty, driving the wagon at once pulled on the reins; the horse leading the cart obeyed the silent instruction and began to turn.  Jed sitting in the back of the cart looked up again, this time in horror.
‘Wait,’ he shouted after Varan.  Varan turned.
‘That’s not the way,’ Jed shouted angrily, ‘I ‘ave a bad ‘ead, I feel very sick an’ I wanna get ‘ome,’ he complained as the others looked from him to Varan.  ‘I’m gettin’ off, I gotta get ‘ome an’ me ome’s not that way!’  He repeated softly, as once more his head began to pound.  Varan approached the cart once more.
‘Go if you must boy,’ replied Varan.  ‘Our paths will cross again soon, we’ll catch you up,’ he watched as Jed’s eyes sought Lemba’s, a pleading, sorrowful look deeply etched behind his pain.  Lemba smiled sadly, knowing he was going.
‘It’s me fam’ly Lemba, I’m sorry.’  Jed said sadly, ‘I gotta get ‘ome, fast…’ he leant forward his lips brushing hers as quickly he jumped off the wagon.
‘We’ll look after Lemba until we meet again.’  Varan said as he turned the horse toward the trees once more.  Lemba, seated in the back of the cart stared at Jed as the wagon moved toward the trees and finally disappeared in the dense woodland.
Jed watched too as the cart got smaller and smaller.  ‘I love you,’ Lemba’s fingers flashed as the cart finally vanished.  ‘I love you too an’ I’m sorry,’ he replied, his fingers moving slowly, although he knew she was out of sight and would not see his message.
Underneath the pain in both his head and his stomach, he felt wretched, all the promises he had made to Lemba and here he was abandoning her for the second time in just a few days.  He thought of how he had hidden, no, cowered, he corrected his thoughts, in the tree stump whilst she had run bravely toward the soldiers pretending to be ill with the deathly red fever.  The danger she had constantly exposed herself to, how she had rescued Varan from the midden when he was so ill, knowing that if caught she would have probably have been put to death, how she had helped Jed himself time and again when he was ill.  How she had suffered abuse and been beaten repeatedly and how he, when he realised what was happening to the girl had still allowed her to return to Gath for more punishment.  I didn’t even try to stop her, he thought, feeling thoroughly ashamed of himself.  Then he thought of how her frozen fingers had tickled his toes whilst he sat beside the water.  How the sound of her name rolling over his tongue made him smile warmly, as if his heart itself were glowing.  He thought of how much he loved her, how quickly she had crept into his heart and found a place from which she would never have to run or be fearful.
‘I’ll come back fer yer Lemba,’ he screamed at the top of his lungs, the energy from his pain adding volume to the scream, ‘I’ll be back,’ he said more quietly as his stomach began to churn and complain at the sudden inrush of fresh air.  Suddenly his mouth filled with fluid and he rushed to the side of the road where some small bushes could hide the sight of a grown man on his hands and knees venting his stomach.  I deserve this, he thought, as leaning forward his head began to spin, his stomach protested as it tried to empty once more and without warning an excruciating pain like a white blinding light, pierced his brain.  He fell forward, comatose into the long grasses narrowly missing the puke now cooling on the ground behind the prickly gorse bush, unknowingly he fell at exactly the same time that his blood brother Gideon, collapsed.


***


Many miles away in Devilly Castle, Gath sat up on the bed he was sharing with his new body slave. 
‘Did you feel that Darnel?’  He asked.  ‘The disturbance in the magic field, I mean, a disruption at the very roots,’ he said, adding, ‘I believe my son has come into his power.’  He laughed maniacally looking at the silent young man before him.  ‘I’m going to get home Darnel,’ he exclaimed excitedly, as he grabbed the young man’s scrotum and squeezed hard, tears of pain sprang from Darnel’s eyes.  ‘Be pleased for me.’  Gath said angrily, looking at the pain-filled eyes as he released the young man and threw himself down on the satin sheets.
‘Finish me,’ he commanded, ‘then you and I are going on a journey.  It’s high time I became acquainted with my son,’ he laughed aloud staring at the wall and the framed tattoo that he had harvested so carefully, it no longer disturbed him because he knew it for what it was, it was a picture of home.  ‘Home...,’ he whispered, ‘home.’
Ignoring his own pain Darnel moved to a position better able to service his master.  He did not speak; he never did, not anymore.


Chapter 10
Varan Meets His Twin


Deep in the woodlands as the wagon stopped it seemed to Dotty that the whole area was littered with death and she could hear Lemba beside her draw breath in horror.  Varan was already off his horse and running toward a pair of bodies, lying in the middle of the clearing.  He stopped to feel their necks for signs of life and to lift a log from their tangled legs.
‘They’re alive,’ he shouted to Dotty as she climbed from the wagon and searched for her bag of emergency equipment.  ‘You help them,’ he called as he rushed off again, this time toward more bodies piled at the edge of the clearing opposite them.
Lemba clambered down from the wagon and moved quickly to help the couple lying unconscious on the ground.  The man had broken a leg, it bent awkwardly, she could see the white of a bone as it protruded through his skin and blood was everywhere.  As she looked at the couple she suddenly felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand up, as a child she had often helped her step mother and Dotty nurse the sick and ill and she was used to seeing blood but it was not the bone or the blood that had made her feel this way.  It was in the way the two bodies lay.  The man lay with his buttocks and thighs exposed and the girl’s legs spread apart beneath him on the cold hard ground, she noticed the net wrapped tightly around the girl’s upper body and the torn pieces of fabric that had once been clothing.  Roughly and with tears in her eyes she pulled the man off the body of the girl, he was going to get dirt in his wound and probably a serious infection but she did not care.
‘Lemba…’ screeched Dotty as she saw her sister’s strange behaviour, ‘Lemba have a care, they’re hurt.’  Dotty added, as she quickly ran over to minimise whatever extra damage Lemba had caused.  Realisation hit Dotty as she noticed the young girl’s near naked body and the bruises and scratches on her arms where the net had caught her.
‘You poor little thing!’  She cried as she covered the frozen girl with a blanket from her emergency bag.  Lemba removed the net from the girl’s arms and head and gently began to move the red hair from her face, same shade as Jed’s she thought, full of pity for the young girl, she’ll take time to get over this.  Lemba continued to brush the young girl’s face gently removing the last of the thick covering of soft red hair.
She remembered the first time she herself had been raped by Gath, his fury at her frightened giggling, the journey to the dungeon and the foul smelling Hackman who had touched her intimately as she was tied and helpless.  Her eyes glazed over as she remembered the tongs forcing her teeth apart, Hackman piercing her tongue with a rod and then using it like a lever to pull it, swollen and bloody between her teeth and out of her mouth and him holding her still, as Gath himself cut her tongue away slowly.  She remembered the blood; the strange metallic taste, the pain and then the silent screaming that seemed to go on and on and on, she shuddered at the memory that was still as fresh now as if it were yesterday.  Something in her had died that day and stayed dead until the day she met Jed.
As she brushed the last of the hair from the girls face, she gasped.  This was Jed’s face, her Jed, the chestnut red hair and creamy golden skin.  Mayan, the name reverberated in her head; this was Jed’s twin, Mayan.  She could be no other, the likeness was too great and she looked up to tell Dotty, who was busy wrapping the rapist’s leg.  Clapping her hands to gain attention, she flashed her fingers angrily wanting to know why Dotty was helping the creature.
“Journey’s Will’ left him alive and who am I to go against that.’  Dotty answered, adding, ‘He’ll never walk again without a stick and he’ll be in pain fer the rest of his life.  Maybe the Gods think he’ll repent at leisure but it’s not for such as me to kill him....’ she finished, turning her attention back to the silent figure.
Rhoàld stood at the side of the clearing, the hairs on the back of his neck were standing up and icy cold sweat ran down his back.  The clearing was grey, nothing lived and if the area had been devoid of the bodies strewn around and a river had flowed near, this would have been his vision.  Tentatively he looked carefully around the clearing expecting to see the pale child with the dead eyes.  He had tried not to think of it and had not gathered up enough courage to ask Varan about it, though he was sure the vision had come from him whilst he was still a prisoner in Gath’s dungeons.  Shaking himself free of his gloom, he ran across the clearing toward Varan to assist him if he could.
Three men all dressed in soldiers clothing were dead, Rhoàld shuddered as he turned the vomit covered face of the young blonde lad.
‘He will have blue eyes,’ he predicted as he recognised Gideon, both from the portrait of Lydia and the face of his king.
‘The young man has nothing broken,’ said Varan aloud as he ran his hands lightly over the boy’s limbs adding almost to himself, ‘but he seems to be the cause of the disturbance.  The magic is alive around him.’  He moved on to examine the older man and smiled as Jed opened his eyes.
“By the Journey’ Sonal, what ‘appened?’  He asked as he tried to move, Varan gently reached out and touched his head.
‘Oooh, me ‘ead, aww... me arse…’ Jed added, as a pain shot through his left buttock.  He pushed Varan’s hand away.
‘I ain’t in no need o’ yer ‘ealing Sonal, I ain’t dying yet.’  Jed complained as Varan moved back to Gideon, who was beginning to rouse.  Jed stood up unsteadily, favouring his left leg.
‘Aaww!’ he exclaimed painfully as he removed a large piece of wood from his behind.  As he had fallen, he had inadvertently landed on a small branch lying discarded on the forest floor; it had pierced his trousers and his skin, tearing into his butt cheek quite badly.  Blood began to flow copiously, as he pulled the branch free.
‘It is nasty but only a flesh wound,’ stated Varan as Jed twisted and turned trying to see his behind.  Varan smiled as he worked on Gideon, Jed had reminded him of a small cat he and his brother had owned as children, it had often chased its tail, twisting round and round in exactly the same way as Jed was attempting to do now.  Jed, sore and angry looked up at Varan and seeing the smile, growled at his friend.
‘Tain’t funny Sonal, yer should be seeing ter Gid…’  Jed stopped short and stared at his friend hard, suddenly moving as fast as his injuries would allow him to take a protective stance before his son.
‘Yer no be Sonal,’ he said angry with himself for not recognising a stranger.
Rhoàld who had noticed a body lying slightly apart from the main group in a small gully below the bleeding man and the boy laying on the floor, turned to stare at Varan, the likeness between the two men before him was astonishing; he helped the injured man to his feet.
‘It’s all right Jed…, he is my brother, this, this is Varan,’ said Sonal, as he gestured toward Varan.  Blood had congealed on a head wound Sonal had suffered but still Rhoàld stared, totally bemused, he helped the man who looked so like Varan, back up the rise toward the clearing.  The silence was palpable, the twins stared at each other, their faces unreadable and Jed crouched low over his son ready to defend him, his knife in hand.
Dotty called out angrily as she noticed the sudden tension in the air.
‘This young lady has been …em…, she needs help and you all stand there blustering!’  She said coldly, her hands on her hips and fury in her glare as she stared toward the men across the clearing.  ‘I’m all for family reunions, ‘she continued, ‘but can we find a more suitable place to have it?
Gideon’s voice broke the tension.
‘She was raped...,’ he stated and his voice cracked with pain as he fought against the blackness that tried to engulf him once more.  ‘Toby Hollins will die fer this.’  He added, quietly shaking his head, his tears falling freely as he looked at his unconscious and helpless fiancée.  His father replaced his knife at his waist and shamefacedly tried to help him to his feet, failing miserably.
Dotty remained where she was with her hands on hips sending waves of fury across the ether at the men before her, she felt insulted that men could bristle and preen so, when injured people needed help.  Using as much force as she dared she screamed at them silently, feeling herself aging slightly as the magic balanced.  The twins and Rhoàld looked back at her, shame apparent on their faces.
‘Rhoàld,’ Dotty called aloud in a voice demanding to be obeyed, ‘you get back on the wagon, help that one ter get there too,’ she said pointing at Jed who had blood trailing down his leg.  ‘Varan you and your brother carry the poor girl to the wagon and make her as comfy as you can and pile the dead in at the front so we can bury the corpses, Lemba, you have to help young Blondie, get him on to the wagon and we can get out  of here before Gath sends in the troops.  He must have heard this clear down in Devilly.’  She finished, as she smacked her hands together like small cymbals.
At last, she looked toward the unconscious Toby still lying where she had left him.
‘He deserves to be left to die…,’ she scowled, as she thought of the young girl who was even now being gently lain in the bottom of her wagon.
‘I’ll take him,’ offered Varan as he came up beside the small woman, marvelling at how she had immediately taken charge and he could see now just how she had managed to avoid Gath and his seekers all these years. ‘I’ll take him,’ he said again adding, ‘as far as the road anyhow and I’ll leave him where he can be found.’  Gathering the man up in his arms, he prepared to walk away.  ‘Someone will find him and help him. I’ll meet you…where?’  He asked, as the wagon prepared to move.
‘Varan, I will come with you and show you the way back.’  Sonal said, looking at his brother in wonder, ‘and if you leave the bodies Mrs, em Madam, Varan and I will bury them here,’ he said looking to his brother for confirmation.
The twins, carrying the unconscious rapist walked in silence back to the roadside Varan had left barely an hour before.  Making Toby as comfortable as possible against the trunk of a large tree, Varan built a fire as Sonal easily collected enough wood to maintain it throughout the night and on into the following day, he placed the pile within easy reach of Toby, thinking of Dotty’s last instructions.
‘Don’t you leave him to die.’  She had ordered as they left the clearing, ‘it’s not our place to kill him, even if he deserves it.’  She added before giving them a spelled blanket, one that would shake off damp and cold and enough food for him to keep himself alive throughout the night.
‘That be a well-travelled road, mores the pity,’ Gideon’s father said as his contempt for the boy became obvious, ‘so someone should find ‘im afore it’s too dark...’ he called after the disappearing twins carrying the unconscious man.
Varan pushed a small healing spell into the badly damaged leg, not to heal it completely but enough to relieve the pain until someone found him.  They left Toby propped against a tree, with food within easy reach and enough equipment to be warm and dry, before they returned in silence to the dead clearing.
The area was as they had left it.  The corpses, dry and lifeless awaited a burial, the soil was grey and dead and the tiny bodies of birds and small mammals seemed to litter the entire clearing.
‘Well…, let’s do this thing!’  Varan said as he looked at his brother and as if they had never been apart, they faced each other, held and locked both forearms and began to sing.  As the magic built, they released one arm and stood side by side perfectly in balance, two halves of one whole.  With the magic holding a natural balance this way nothing was impossible, no destruction, no death no itching or aging.  Perfect balance, Sonal felt the tears run down his face as he remembered what he had lost when his own stupidity had seen his brother pulled through the rift so many years ago.  Gazing at him now he realised Varan was crying too, he smiled and tightened his hold on his forearm, Varan returned the smile, a look a pleasure on his face.
As one, the twins sang to the earth, harmonising in a soft encouraging way, making their hearts glad, filling the atmosphere about them with promise, and re-energizing life within the soil.  The very air about them seemed to thicken and thin tossing the notes of the voices around and around creating echoes of sounds, alternating and dancing with the cadence of tuneful harmonies like a beautiful never-ending poem.
The twins continued their song… They could not, undo, the deaths but they could make the ground and the earth receptive to the seeds that blew in on the wind and those that birds flying overhead dropped as they flew past.  As they sang, the clearing slowly lost its cold dead feel and once more seemed to be waiting for spring and new growth, new beginnings.
Then the song changed becoming sorrowful and yet still melodious, earth began to fall out from the ground underneath the bodies of the soldiers.  More and more earth piled up before them and as the song continued, the bodies began to sink into the soft soil as if the soil had become liquid and the bodies made of lead, unable to float on the surface.  Deeper and deeper the bodies went more with more soil falling in on top of them until there was nothing left to see, just a quiet winter clearing awaiting a new season and new life; slowly and gently, the song stopped.
‘From the Gods we come, innocent and pure; from the gods we have life and choice.  On our Journey we judge how we used what we were freely given.’  Varan said quietly, as he faced his brother once more holding both forearms tightly.
‘As we judge ourselves may we not be too harsh, may the gods forgive us and not be severe, and as our journey ends, may we have fulfilled our set tasks.’  Sonal replied ending the rite of passage.
Sonal held his brother’s arms tightly and at the last, pulled him into a tight embrace.
‘The harshest of all judges is ourselves brother,’ Sonal sighed, thinking of the life his twin must have led.  Varan returned the embrace before breaking away and staring hard into Sonal’s eyes, noticing the changes time had inevitably wrought.
‘There is much we must talk about Sonal,’ he said before sitting on a damp log not too far from where Sonal, after being rendered unconscious by the butt of Toby’s knife had fallen down the embankment.  Sonal felt his guilt like a heavy burden as he sat down beside his twin and struggling to find words, he sighed.
‘Varen, forgive me… brother,’ he said finally.
‘Sonal…, there is nothing to forgive, the Journey wills us all.’ Varan replied.


Chapter 11
Jedadiah Bleeds


Lemba sat in the wagon with the comatose girl’s head on her lap thinking of Jed.  Gideon, still feeling ill nursed his stomach and rocked back and forth gently, his eyes only leaving Mayan’s face as he drifted off into unconsciousness himself.  Rhoàld laid his head back against the buckboard and closed his eyes, cold fingers stroked his cheek and warmed his heart.  ‘I told you, it begins,’ Bastian said in his head.
Dotty looked under her lashes at the older man beside her on the driver’s seat.  He was strong and lean with thick brown hair shot through with streaks of grey, his eyes looked kind under the now scowling brows and his nose had a slight bump in the bridge where it had once been broken.  She smiled, thinking of how astonished he had seemed when she had starting ordering the men around.  As the wagon bumped over a particularly large rut, her footing slipped causing her to lose control slightly and she slipped against him.  The man howled in pain, he was trying hard not to show it but at every bump and rut in the ground, his bottom became more painful and bled further.  The cart bumped yet again and as his bottom bounced once more spreading more blood across the seat; he leant toward her favouring his wound.
‘Woman,’ he growled quietly, ‘I wanna see me parents whilst I’m still alive, iffen yer please,’ he turned to look at Dotty and almost lost himself in her eyes, her gaze seemed to hold him fast.
‘My name is Dotty, Dotty Bramble,’ she said as she smiled at him, beaming inside.  I like him, she thought as he answered her, growling again.
‘Jedadiah Green,’ he mumbled finally, tearing his gaze away from the younger woman.  He kept his eyes fixed forward but nothing could stop the blood rushing up his neck and infusing his face with colour under his tan, Dotty noticed the flush and smiled to herself as she drove the cart onward.
The cart pulled up at Green Cottage, the home of Gideon’s grandparents, and a soldier opened the front door looking warily at the carriage, Jed, forgetting his injury jumped down from the driver’s seat and walked menacingly toward the younger man pulling his knife once more from his belt.  Blood poured from his leg leaving a red trail across the ground.
‘Iffen yer’ve ‘urt me ma or me Da…,’ he left the threat unfinished as his father swiftly followed the young man out of the house.
‘Jed lad, stop!’  Exclaimed his father, ‘this be Jayse, ‘e’s only trying ter protect yer ma an’ me, ‘e’s gonna be stayin’ with us,’ his father said, as his mother came out of the house pulling a shawl around her shoulders to protect her from the cold.
‘E’s already ‘ad ter bury one o’ the brutes that attacked us, an’ if yer don’t mind I’d not ‘ave ‘im bury me own son!’  She reproved her husband for his wanting explanation with a chuckle and added, ‘now come in, come in all.’
Cooing and clucking like an old hen, she welcomed the visitors’ to her home and soon realised there were injured people amongst them.
Dotty, Lemba and Mrs Green tended to Mayan as well as they could.  Jayson carefully lifted her from the cart, gently carried her up the narrow staircase and laid her on one of the beds.  Lemba watched as the couple washed and tended the young girl and finally, Dotty administered a healing spell after calling Lemba to get a few flowers and instructing her to build a small fire in the grate.
Dotty’s skills as a healer impressed Jed’s mother, even if the fire starting up of its own accord and its needing to be continually fed for such a long time, slightly worried her.
‘She hides away from us,’ Dotty said as she prepared to leave the room with Mrs Green, adding, ‘her mind needs to adjust to the violation she has suffered, I’ve added something to help ease the memory, she’ll not forget but it will be easier for her as she remembers.
Lemba stayed beside the sleeping Mayan after the others left the room, she wanted so much to talk to her, needed her to know she would eventually recover and be strong again but she could not.  Therefore, she just sat stroking her forehead and praying for the girl’s peace, knowing that with her body cleaned and mended, her sister had ensured there would be no permanent physical damage and no issue from the evil attack.
Mrs Green took her new friend into the room where her unconscious grandson lay; they bathed and tended him before leaving him to sleep soundly, again with a gentle push from Dotty.  The small fire burned warm and bright before Dotty had finished her ministrations but this time Gideon’s grandmother, a little more prepared for the itching and strangeness of the magic paid it little attention.  Gideon’s Grandfather sat beside him, just as Lemba sat beside Mayan, each ensuring neither of the sleeping pair would awaken alone and frightened.  Tired but content, the two women made a last check on Mayan before finally making their way at last downstairs towards the sound of an argument.


Chapter 12
The Twins Talk


Sonal and Varan talked into the afternoon and on into early evening, finally bringing each other up to date on their lives.  The brothers knew they had not heard each other’s entire tale but both were unwilling to push as they had only just found each other again.  When he’s ready he will speak, they thought in unison, readily willing to forgive each other anything.
The weather began to change and the wind whipped through the clearing pushing dead leaves and twigs along before it, a pinecone tumbled through as if thrown by a child and it stopped before the two men as the wind eased for a moment.  Sonal reached forward for the cone now resting beside his foot and Varan watched as the seeds from the cone fell through his brother’s fingers into the newly receptive earth.  Life from death…or, is it death from life, he thought wryly, thinking of the deaths that the young boy had unknowingly caused.  Sonal’s thoughts had been along comparable lines emphasizing their similarity even after so many years apart.
‘It was Gideon, Varan, but how…?’  Varan looked to his brother knowing exactly what his brother was asking.
‘Sonal, I think you and Jed survived purely because you had both been behind and below the young man when his power had surged before him in all other directions.  The unfortunate girl, Mayan, I think you called her and the man who raped her, were luckily far enough away to be only rendered unconscious, not killed as the soldiers were.  That boy is powerful and his potential obvious to any magic wielder but his power is untrained.  Can you tell me anything about him?’  Varan asked.  ‘I ask only because I think he may possibly be the one we search for and the reason our beloved king grows stronger,’ he said, his voice full of sarcasm as he thought of Gath and the last time he had seen him.
Sonal wrapped his arms around himself and stared at the ground thinking of the smoky pictures he had witnessed the previous evening, finally he turned to Varan and began to speak.  He told Varan of the previous night’s revelations, of Gideon’s birth in the aftermath of the storm and his adoption by Jed.  He spoke of his own thoughts, how his own powers somehow always seemed enhanced if he used them whilst Gideon was present.  He told Varan of the many occasions that the boy had surprised him; he spoke on as the chill evening began to chase away any warmth from the sun and the shadows began to cluster and grow.
‘He learns fast too!’  Sonal said, telling of Gideon boring delicate holes in gemstones and not suspecting he was doing it himself, ‘I just guided his concentration,’ he added.
‘Does the boy get sick like this often?’  Varan asked quietly.
‘His father says he has never been ill and certainly for as long as I’ve known him he’s not had so much as a cold, until three days ago that is.’  Sonal answered, wondering where the conversation was heading.  ‘He felt heady and ill when we left Green Home and I tried to do a healing but something felt wrong with the roots,’ he said and stared at his brother to ensure his understanding.  Sonal continued, adding he had also tried a sleep spell that did seem to have some effect as they neared the cottage, Varan simply nodded, ‘but then he recovered immediately once we got to his grandparents’ home.’  Sonal started, as he remembered his conclusions about Gideon’s strange illness whilst still on the journey to Branton.
‘Varan,’ he said an excited look in his eye, ‘I felt something as we arrived here, here in Branton, it was the…  I wonder…’ he whispered, as his jumbled thoughts suddenly found cohesion.  ‘Hear me out for a moment,’ Sonal begged, ‘like I told you, after I ran away, I travelled, I was quite famous,’ he smiled sadly remembering where his ambition had left his twin.  ‘Anyway, I received a summons to perform for the king and was on my way to Devilly but it was raining so I stopped at an old burnt out cottage for the night.  I felt …at peace, at home…, as if something wanted me to stay…it spoke to me in my dreams… I think… I think it’s the forest,’ he added speculatively.  Varan looked at his brother in surprise.
‘That can’t be it, it wouldn’t answer why he is not ill at his grandparents’ home, the forest is three days away you say,’ replied Varan shaking his head, his brow drawn tight in confusion.
‘Yes, yes it would,’ Sonal argued as he stood up and began to pace as he talked, using his fingers to emphasise the points he was making.
‘Gideon, Jed’s father built the cottage here himself, he was the woodsman for Green Home nearly all his life, he was born there and he loves the forest.  The wooden parts of his cottage here are almost entirely made from Green Home wood, and what isn’t wood, is stone, again brought from around Green Home,’ Sonal looked at his twin to again to gauge his understanding before continuing.  ‘Even the furniture is all made from Green Home wood too, don’t you see Varan?  It has to be the forest that has protected Gideon.  The forest that has set bounds on his magic, the forest...’ he said again and turning again to face his brother, he grinned wildly.  Varan stared at Sonal wanting to see truth behind his brother’s reasoning and slowly his face lit with Joy.
‘Let’s go back Sonal, I would like to speak with young Gideon myself,’ he said, standing before his brother as simultaneously they again clasped forearms.
Night was drawing on fast as the two finally released and turned; walking back on the track Sonal had taken with Mayan early that morning.


Chapter 13
Several Stitches


Dotty and Mrs Green ventured downstairs once more and entered the parlour where they found Rhoàld, snoring quite loudly and tucked up on the large sofa Gideon had used the night before, Mrs Green pulled at the door leaving it ajar.
‘Best thing for him I think.’  Dotty agreed and followed her new friend back into the kitchen to break up the argument that seemed to be about to wake the sleeping patients.
‘No sir,’ Jayson was saying, ‘it needs stitches sir,’ Jed’s mother looked at the two men arguing across the room.  Her son, the man she had known and loved all his life, the man she would die to protect and the younger, now ex-soldier, Jayson.  She knew he would stay with them when her son and his party moved on after the visit and the thought warmed her.  Somehow, he had instantly become part of their family’s future and he was a welcome addition to it, warm, kind and caring.  We always did want another child, she thought smiling, though we should ‘ave liked ‘im when we were younger an’ e’ were smaller.  She stared at the two men amused to see they were arguing just like brothers.
‘What needs stitches Jayson dear?’  Mrs Green asked innocently, placing her hand on his arm.  She looked at her son standing quietly beside the door blood pooling at his feet.  Jed’s face was a picture; he was suspicious of the young soldier even though he had helped his parents when they had needed it most.  Why’s me ma touchin’ ‘im like that?  Jed thought jealously and as his mother looked at him, the colour ran up his neck and suffused his face.
‘Mam,’ answered Jayson, ‘your son Jed, he has a wound…,’ he began and was quickly interrupted.
‘Jayson…’ began Jed in a threatening tone.
‘Jed has a wound that requires someone other than me to look at it.  I think it needs several stitches, mam.’  Jayson said again returning Jed’s scowl.
‘It’s nowt ma.’  Jed began, as he attempted to cross the room to the doorway, his scowl deepening.
‘Show me the wound dear,’ said his mother as she moved to the sink to wash her hands.
‘Ma, really its nowt…’ Jed began again as his father walked into the room.
‘Jedadiah Green yer will allow yer mother ter inspect the wound afore the ‘ole ‘ouse ‘old is awake,’ his father said sternly with a twinkle in his eye.
‘An’ I’ll be the judge o’ nowt!’  Added his mother as Jed, cussing silently under his breath began to undo his trousers, he looked pointedly at Dotty wishing either he or she, were somewhere else.  His mother noticing the look smiled.
‘I’m a little tired Dotty, would yer assist me please,’ she asked, as Dotty, remembering the bouncing bottom and the feel of Jed’s thigh pressed up against hers, smiled warmly in turn.
Jed glowered in horror.
‘Ma, it be on me arr… me rear!’  He said, correcting his language in front of his parents’ and desperately trying to avoid Dotty’s eyes.
‘Well, I’m sure Dotty ‘as seen a bottom afore this,’ Jed’s mother smiled, noticing his colour and her new friend’s reaction to it.
‘Not mine she ain’t.’  Jed grumbled to himself as he bent over the kitchen table his trousers now about his knees.  He continued to grumble under his breath as Jed’s mother winked at her new young friend.
‘I think it’s a very nice specimen, as bottoms go that is,’ Dotty said, as she held her hand over the wound.  Jed’s face suffused with colour once more, he cringed as he felt the heat and the itching from the magic and he fervently wished the ground would open up and swallow him.
‘Perhaps we should have used needle and thread.’  Dotty added as she tried to stop herself from laughing aloud at her patient’s obvious discomfort.
‘Why’s that dear?’  Jed’s mother asked slightly confused, after all the magic she had witnessed a cut bottom she thought should have been easy.
‘It would have hurt more...,’ replied Dotty, smiling as she finished the healing.
Just then, the back door opened and the twins Varan and Sonal entered the house.  Jed pulled himself hurriedly from the kitchen table and covering his now healed bottom stood staring at his best friend with thunder in his eyes.
‘Don’t even ask…’ he growled as the twins burst into friendly laughter at the scene before them.  ‘It’s no the least bit funny.’  Jed added huffily, throwing a furious glance at Dotty as he stalked out of the room avoiding eye contact with anyone else and a chorus of laughter followed him.


***


That evening, Gideon re-emerged from his enforced sleep fit and well with no sign of the illness that had laid him so low.  He crept into Mayan’s room and kissed her brow thinking how small and vulnerable she looked lying so still in the large bed and leaving her quietly he went downstairs to the parlour; he had a few questions to ask both his father and Sonal.  Hushed voices immediately stopped as he walked into the room.
The previous night Gideon had used this room for sleeping in, then, it had seemed huge but full of bodies as it was now it seemed to have shrunk, the whole household bar Mayan were gathered, either sitting or standing around and although greeted with smiles and welcoming looks, Gideon could feel the tension in the air.
‘Ah, there you are me boy...’ his father smiled warmly and offered him a cup of tea patting a vacant stool beside himself.  Again, Gideon looked around the room at the faces of people he knew.  Two Sonal’s!  He thought, clearly not remembering seeing them both the previous day, ‘n’ oo by the journey is that.  His eyes widened seeing a strange young man standing protectively beside his grandmother and in some of his own clothes.  The young man caught the stare and smiled tentatively.  His grandmother seeing the smile, introduced Jayson and explained his presence and the need for the borrowed clothing, she squeezed the young man’s arm in affection and spoke warmly, so Gideon smiled awkwardly in return.
‘Gideon, this is Varan, my brother...’ Sonal began quietly, adding ‘my twin brother, remember?’  Gideon nodded slowly, vaguely remembering Sonal’s tale of the Bleak and trying to recall if he had actually seen the man before he had passed out the day before.  He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose between his finger and thumb.  It’s ser quiet!  He thought, suddenly realising the tension he could feel was because of him.  He cleared his throat and raised his head, he had thought long and hard, as he lay awake on the bed his father had used in the room above this one.  Voices and mumblings had risen up between the floorboards just the same way his father’s soft voice had done the previous night, drawing him upstairs to learn about his real mother and his unconventional birth.  Lying awake, he realised the conversation was about him again, this time though about what had happened out in the woods and he wondered if Sonal would have any answers for him.  He was worried, he had seen and felt the magic leave his body, a pearly iridescent wave of death, he had seen the birds fall from the trees and the soldiers drop dead.  The tension that had made him so sick had eased at the exact moment of the magic’s release, only to begin building once more immediately after.  It had something to do with the fact that he had been almost constantly ill since leaving home of that, he was sure.
‘Folk’s, I… I... err… well, I would like ter know what’s ‘appenin’ ter me?’  He asked in a small voice, no one moved or attempted to speak so he looked pointedly at his father and his friend and asked again. ‘What is it Da, Sonal, what’s goin’ on?’
Varan looked at the boy’s puzzled face, he was almost sure the message he had passed on to Rhoàld in a vision was for him but he was confused.  He had carried the message in his heart for so long in the hope of finding the one, the warrior that would save them all.  Where is the powerful warrior we had hoped for, the all-powerful sage, surely this cannot be him, he thought.  How can I pass this boy, this boy not long out of childhood the message, would he understand it, would he even be able to interpret its meaning?  He mused silently and in his confusion, he said nothing as the tiny silver haired girl flashed her fingers at her sister and Gideon, noticing the strange movements stared openly.
‘Lemba would like me to translate what she says,’ began Dotty speaking mainly to Gideon.  Gideon nodded and sat down, slowly sipping the tea his father had given him and he looked at the girl whilst her sister spoke, all the while staring at her fingers in fascination as they moved, faster here and slower there, like a dancer practicing a particularly difficult routine.
Once more, Lemba’s fingers told the story of Toby and the magic she had witnessed, she told of his mission from the king to find Gideon himself and her own subsequent need to find Jed.  Her fingers slowed as she reached Rhoàld’s part of the tale and she glanced at him, her fingers faltering.
‘Go on my dear,’ Rhoàld said, nodding his head sadly, so her fingers flashed again, faster and faster as she spoke of Gideon’s true parentage and then his brother’s illness.  Finally, she spoke of Jed’s decision to leave the army to help Gideon and save his family and his abandonment of their group only that morning.
‘Well…,’ Gideon almost giggled when her fingers stilled.  He watched them as they wrung with worry and wondered if they were saying anything else.  He looked at Dotty feeling as if he were drunk, his head felt light and his emotions were overwhelmed, when she said nothing he put the cup and the remainder of the cold tea down on the table.
‘‘Ang on, let me get this right,’ he said, taking a moment to gather his thoughts.  ‘Not only have I got some bad disease that seems ter kill folk iffen I get a headache but I’m the King’s son an’ his grandson… and me ma, who, ...let’s not forget, was dead when me Da birthed me, says he be out ter get me,’ he added, remembering the story that had played out in the smoke.  ‘Oh, an’ would yer believe it I don’t even ‘ave a coin ter check fer this likeness mesel’,’ he added as he stood and patted himself down pulling the insides out of his trouser pockets.  ‘All that and then, then… there’s what ‘appened ter me poor Mayan...’  Gideon slumped heavily back onto the stool beside his father.
Jed, having learned the tale before Gideon was out of bed had prepared for the boy’s reaction and placed his arm around his son.  ‘Gid lad,’ he said, ‘first Dotty and yer gran ‘think May will be ok, that’s right ain’t it Dot?’  Jed said looking toward the woman for confirmation.  Dotty smiled her agreement, feeling warmed by the diminutive use of her name.
‘She’ll be fine Gideon, she’ll need love and care but she’ll be fine.’  Dotty replied, marvelling at the depth of emotion she could see in Jed’s eyes.  He likes me!  She thought.
‘Next boy, next, yer my son, mine, an’ ‘e’ ain’t  gonna get yer back, king or no,’ Jed finished forcefully and tightened his arm pulling the boy toward him and hating the look of pain and confusion on his son’s face.
‘Please… Please, you don’t seem to understand, none of you do!’  Rhoàld exclaimed aloud, his face full of sympathy and concern, he continued as all the faces suddenly looked at him for answers.  ‘King Gath does not want Gideon as a son; he wants… he wants Gideon’s blood..., as he wanted mine.’  Rhoàld pulled up his sleeves to show the many scars where Gath had drawn his blood and not cared enough to heal the wounds properly.  As they stared, he loosed his sleeves and pulled down the collar of his shirt revealing the last horrendous scar Gath had given him, the one that had almost killed him; a dark red angry line that ran straight across an artery in his neck.  As the questions flooded toward him, Rhoàld seemed to shrink before them.
‘Be calm my friend,’ smiled Jayson placing a hand on Rhoàlds knee and as if Rhoàld was a nervous animal Jayson’s own magic went to work calming the anxious man.  Varan glanced at Sonal, both of whom were sitting silently and watching.
‘Mayhap we can help,’ Sonal said and standing behind Rhoàld the brothers linked arms and as their forearms locked, they began to sing.
The twins could achieve balance without touching each other but as they clasped arms their power seemed to expand and grow, becoming light and radiant, an almost physical aura surrounding them.
Gideon, his father and to a certain extent Gideon’s grandparents were used to Sonal’s half-hearted mumbling under his breath and the magic that inevitably followed but this was something else, something quite astounding, they listened in awe to the majesty of the music the brothers produced in perfectly balanced harmony.
The song filled the room casting peace and truth about them all with its sweet and subtle tones.  Varan touched Rhoàld’s forehead and Rhoàld smiled dreamily at the peace filling his body, he could feel Bastian singing along with the song from deep inside his mind and he felt comforted.
Lifting his hand, Sonal pointed toward one of the whitewashed walls of the cottage and Rhoàld seemed to glow, a sparkling aura of pure energy linked the three men and broke away, flying from Sonal’s fingers toward the wall.  Where it hit, it dispersed breaking into tiny fragments.  The lights changed every few seconds just as the smoke had the previous night only now there was so much more detail.  Rhoàld clenched at the arms of his chair, frightened again now as he saw himself on the wall.  ‘Relax love,’ Bastian whispered deep in his head and began soothing and calming the terrified man.  Dispassionately now, Rhoàld watched the scene play out before him.  It was as if he and the others were watching scenes from his life, each one both uncomfortable and unpleasant and each one diminishing who he was in some way.  The jumbled memories tumbled out of his head one after the other.
In the first, he was once again in the dungeons of Devilly castle, he saw himself scream and rush forward, his hand reaching out for the knife blade as it began its downward journey, slicing through the skin and tissue of his hand as well as it finding its intended mark.  Inside his head, Bastian sobbed as the blade penetrated his naked body’s back and pierced his heart.  Silent tears ran down Rhoàld’s face as again, he saw Bastian rear backward looking in pain and surprise at his king before lovingly looking toward Rhoàld, his sorrow evident in his expression.
The song changed and Gath stood before him, again with a knife in his hand, he saw himself sitting almost naked on his bed in his rooms, an old man reluctantly offering his lifeblood to the king.  He watched as his image closed his eyes and pushed himself hard onto the sharp blade, again the blade sliced through skin and tissue and finding an artery, a ribbon of deep dark blood began to pump swiftly into the cup.  Still Gath mumbled in a singsong voice as he reached down and cupped his hands catching the fresh blood pouring from the deep wound.
‘Observe me, my friend,’ Gath cried, Rhoàld watched his king drinking his blood and smearing what remained over his face, all the time he mumbled and again Rhoàld felt his skin itching and his head become light.  He watched as Gath’s skin absorbed the viscous blood and through blurred eyes, he saw the liver spots on his hands disappear and the skin around his neck as it tightened.  Rhoàld felt cold, knowing that now everyone could see his sole purpose in life, was as sustenance for their king.  The blood flow slowed to almost a trickle and at last, Gath looked upon the emaciated almost white skinned body of his servant, Rhoàld was dying and he was smiling.  He smiled again now remembering it was then that he had last seen Bastian in the ether and learned of his lover’s true fate.  As he watched, the image of himself bent his head to his chest in pain and the wound closed as if tiny needles were drawing the sinew and flesh together and he opened his eyes.
‘I should be dead,’ he whispered.
‘You forget my dear,’ the image of Gath replied, as he turned to leave the room through the secret entrance, ‘You will not die until I let you.’
Varan and Sonal stopped singing abruptly.
‘Blood Magic!’  Sonal whispered in absolute horror.  Varan said nothing, walking steadily to Gideon who still on a stool beside his father, he raised his palm and with it shaking badly he held it over Gideon’s head.
‘You are the one, the key,’ he whispered to himself and looking at his brother he repeated it through the ether on a pathway only Sonal could hear, “Journey’s Will’, Sonal, you were right, you worked it out, Gideon is the key!”  Jed looked up abruptly and stared at the man who looked so like his friend, on Varan’s face he saw a mixture of horror and awe.  One what?  He thought, as a cold finger drew a pathway down his spine.


Chapter 14
The Branton Road


Out on the Branton Road, young Jed awoke slowly as the afternoon turned into evening; he was cold, hungry and covered in vomit from rolling in his sleep.
‘G’awds Strewth, I stink.’  He said quietly to himself wrinkling his nose in disgust.  Pulling himself upright, he brushed his clothes down as best he could and started in the direction of Green Home.  As time passed, he thought of Lemba and his new friends and he realised that he missed the entire company, not just Lemba and Dotty who had spent so long with him teaching him the finger-speak.  Lemba’s sad smile haunted him as he continued to walk and as the moon appeared over the horizon, it bathed the landscape in silver light, immediately reminding him of her hair and the way it had floated around her like a gossamer shroud the day he came across her in the water.  Remorse at his behaviour once again filled him and he shook his head attempting to clear the guilty thoughts from his mind.  He smiled sadly and wondered where she was but shrugged his shoulders knowing that rightly or wrongly, he had to stick with his decision to get home but he fervently prayed he would meet up with her again soon.
As the night wore on, Jed, weary though he was, continued to trudge along the road, he blew plumes of soft warm breath into his hands repeatedly but still he felt cold.  A feeling of foreboding had been growing in him the nearer he got to his destination.  By his reckoning, he was still almost two days away and could not afford to stop.
Jed walked almost on automaton, the rhythm of his steps echoing his heartbeat.  Lem-ba, Lem-ba, Lem-ba, his brain sang with the familiar pulse.  Gradually though, he became aware that up ahead he could hear noises, the occasional snorting horse or guffaw of laughter carrying across the fields.  Puzzled and knowing there were no towns or encampments between Branton and Green Home Jed skipped off the road noiselessly, once again fully alert with his military training coming to the fore.  He knew these noises; he had been on the road for months when he first joined up, these noises he had lived with intimately.
Silently, and fully conscious of the fact that technically he was still AWOL, he crawled forward to see which company was on the road.  As he crawled closer, he heard something else that made his blood chill, other noises, women and children crying, what’s goin’ on ‘ere?  He thought as he crawled from bush to bush glad that his escape and evasion skills had been the best.  He grinned to himself, thinking of Toby, who always tried so hard to beat him and he remembered the snatches of conversation that had drifted out of the open window of the Dog’s Neck.  Maybe this is ‘is company he thought, what did ‘e say again, ahh yes ‘e was going to Green ‘Ome ‘imself I think an’ ‘e was going to find Gid.  Well, if I see him I’ll try to explain what I’m doin’, an’ maybe then e’ll help me, mayhap even lend me n’ ‘orse, o‘corse I’d better make sure it’s ‘im first, don’t wanna be arrested afore I can check on me fam’ly.  His thoughts rumbled on as he continued to crawl silently on his belly through the grasses and toward the encampment, an effort made all the harder as the frozen grasses crackled with movement.
The light from a cook’s fire revealed the banner of Gath’s Elite Corps, Jed shuddered, everyone knew the reputation of these men and their ruthlessness was infamous.  ‘Tough and cruel,’ was a saying he had heard many times over the years he had been in the king’s service and it was not something he had ever wanted to investigate.  He began to circle the road even more carefully as he realised this was no ordinary encampment.
Soldiers were in place along one side of the road and occasionally one or more would move out across the road to join another group stationed in orderly lines.  Piquet lines, Jed thought and as he watched, he saw another trouper cross the road and join an established pair.
The idea of a staggered piquet Jed knew was that one soldier was always ready and fresh to duty as the second was ready to be relieved.  ‘By the Journey’ what needs so heavy a guard?  Jed questioned, confused.  Curiosity got the better of him and he crawled closer to the road, by the light of the many small piquet fires, he saw men and women, children too, all huddled in small groups, each seemed to have a guard of its own, by the secondary guards dress, Jed identified them as slavers.
Jed felt bad for the people about to be sold into slavery but his own concern right now was his family, so carefully he began to back away.  Just as he thought he was far enough away to be able to crouch rather than remain on his stomach, he recognised a face in the crowd of captives and his blood ran cold.  Old Mrs Drunner, what’s she doin’ ‘ere?  Jed thought, Beatrix Drunner, Mrs Drunner’s granddaughter worked for his parents at the inn.  The cold suddenly closed in on him as he tried to see other faces he may know, hoping against hope he would not.  Silently but quickly he crawled forward once more as a vice abruptly squeezed his gut.  Sámia!  The last time he had seen her particular face she had been laughing and smiling, it had been the day she, as her brothers new wife had joined the family to wave him off after his leave.
Sámia, her face looked haggard and bruised as she tended a bloody old man beside her.  Iffen Sámia be here, where’s Jackie?  Jed asked himself in horror.  Gradually he began to recognise other people too, all people he knew, all in chains sprawled out before him, he could make out  the baker and his family, young Arrient who had hoped to join Jed and Toby in the army, with the next intake.  Jed remembered answering question after question the night of the wedding.  As he watched, Arrient, who had been wiping the contents of a small pot around the manacles on his wrist managed to pull his wrist free.  In the firelight, Jed could see blood surrounding his wrist like a dark, ornate and gaudy bracelet.  Arrient crept away between the prisoners on the ground.  Suddenly he shot off, luckily for Jed in the opposite direction to himself.
‘YOU... STOP!’  Jed heard the barked command loud and clear as he lifted his head a little above the grasses to follow Arrient and his escape bid.  A series of muted clicks became audible and Jed waited for the familiar whistle that would follow.  He was not to be disappointed, the thin reedy whistle of the arrow flying through the air ended with an unmistakable thud.  Through the darkness, he watched as Arrient’s body fell to the ground, he could not see the arrow that pierced the younger boy’s back but he knew it was there and he watched as slavers followed the fallen boy’s path.  Saddened and angry Jed’s eyes searched amongst the villagers for Arrient’s family as well as his own and he prayed that the boy’s mother and father were not among the prisoners watching the death of their only son.
Closing his eyes he felt for Mayan his twin, he was sure she was not among the slaves but he scanned the chained people anyway hoping that his sister and Gid had managed to escape.  Tears rolled down his face as he suddenly recognised his mother.  She was looking cold and beaten, her head rested gently on her husband’s shoulder.
‘Ma, Da…,’ Jed whispered, as sudden hot tears began burning his freezing face, shaking himself he wiped his cheek with the back of his fist, picked up a small stone and threw it carefully at his father trying to catch his attention, it missed catching Sámia on the foot.  She looked up and saw him, his round head poking above the silvery pale grasses, a perfect target and a black silhouette against the silver shadow-filled grassy plain.  She shook her head sorrowfully, trying desperately to warn him to leave.  Realising Jed did not intend to comply with her unspoken demand; she raised her voice above the quiet murmur of the unhappy crowd.
‘Surr,’ she implored, speaking to a guard Jed could not see.
‘What girlie, want some lovin’?’  A man barely feet from Jed answered the call, his voice hard and cruel, laughter not far away.  Jed ducked down in horror, he was seconds away from capture and journeys grace alone had kept the guard busy at his toilet and deaf, whilst Jed had sobbed only inches away.  He waited silently, barely breathing as the guard moved back toward the encampment and his sister-in-law.  At last, he looked up again and drew a sharp breath in horror, finally recognising the broken old man Sámia was tending, it was Jackie, his brother Jackie, beaten badly and covered in congealed blood, his arm obviously broken and black eyes that were sunken into a swollen face.  He was the old man at Sámia’s feet, so that must be it, Jed reasoned, the soldier’s must ‘ave threatened Sámia or me parents an’ knowin’ Jackie, he must ‘ave tried ter defend ‘em.  Tears of fury flowed from his eyes as bravely, Sámia called out to the guard again.
‘Hush love, please…,’ he heard his mother beg, fear for her daughter-in-law clear in her voice.
‘How long will we be in Devilly afore we’re sold?’  Sámia asked, adding, ‘will we be able ter stay together?’  The guard leered; leaning back to show her he was rubbing himself.
‘S’al right darlin’, I could be persuaded ter buy yer meself…, got a good few weeks ter save me beer money eh!’  He answered, guffawing loudly.  Sámia looked toward the darkness, Jed realised the brave foolish girl had endangered herself for him, to give him the information he needed.  Quietly he backed away, once he was far enough away he threw back his head and howled a long slow ‘Blue’ type howl.
As children, the Brewster’s along with Gideon would play hide and seek in the forest, one would count and the others would go hide, a howl would alert the hiding children when the hunter was coming.  It had only been in the forest they had been able to play this game, as outside of its leafy borders, Jed and Mayan always seemed to know the whereabouts of the other.  In the forest, their so-called, twin thing, did not work but here and now, Jed knew Jackie would hear the howl and know that it was he, Jackie would know he was coming; he would know Jed would find him and save the family.
Once far enough back from the slavers camp Jed stood slowly and ran.  Fear and need added wings to his feet and no longer tired or hungry he sped back the way he had come.  He had to find Varan and he needed help, he had not seen Mayan, Gideon, Sonal or Jed, Gideon’s father amongst the villagers but it did not mean that they were not there.
The moon shone all the way, brightly illuminating Jed’s road as he ran, silver light fell on the cold ground and sparkled amongst the frost-covered grasses.  Finally, when he thought he had recognised the place where he had left the carriage he slowed and crossed the road to a familiar looking gorse-bush to ensure he was at the right place, the place where he had collapsed into his vomit.  There, where he had spewed, he could see by the light of the moon multitudes of tiny insects were now crawling their way through what had once been the contents of his stomach.
‘G’awds Strewth,’ he said again, echoing his earlier sentiment.  He took a breather allowing his tortured lungs to inhale gently and his heart rate to slow a little as he watched the insects dissecting and chewing.  At last, he headed into the woods where he had last seen Lemba disappearing with the carriage.  As he ran past the tree line, he stumbled and fell headlong onto the cold hard grass.
‘Damn,’ he cussed as he began to pick himself up, he had to be more careful, move slower, a foot down a rabbit hole in the dark and he would never be of any use to his family, he stood turning his head to see what had tripped him over.
‘Toby?’  He asked quietly, unable to believe he was seeing the sleeping figure of his friend.
At first after he had woken up, Toby had just felt cold.  He did not understand what had happened, one moment he was enjoying himself immensely making the bitch suffer for all the hurt he had received at her hand.  Then, next thing he knew he was left for dead here beside the road and propped up against a tree.  I ‘ad Gideon in the palm of me ‘and, Mayan the bitch enticed me away, so Gideon could do… what, what ‘ad he done?’  Anger and frustration had caused him to throw away the blanket, food and the extra fuel for the fire.  An act he later regretted as he quickly became colder and colder with his teeth chattering uncontrollably and his broken leg excruciatingly painful.  As the day turned into night, the fire went out and his hurts began to dissipate leaving him feeling numb and tired.  Quickly he fell into unconsciousness.
‘Toby,’ Jed tried again to talk to his friend, first, he checked for signs of life, talking all the while as he did so.
‘G G G G iiiiiiddddd,’ was all Toby could manage.  He had trouble opening his eyes and he was cold, so cold.  Relieved that his friend was at least alive, Jed continued to check Toby’s extremities in an attempt to gauge the extent of his condition, he could not easily find a pulse at Toby’s wrist and realised his friend had a broken leg.  His concern grew as he noted Toby did not react with the pain as Jed manipulated the broken limb.  He knew the signs of hypothermia and realised his friend was seriously ill and did not have much time.
Quickly, Jed set about building a fire; scouting around near Toby, Jed found fuel, food and a rough homemade wool blanket.  The wool was strangely dry even though the ground beneath it was heavily frozen.  After building up the fire and heating some of the food, Jed managed to wake his friend enough to force some hot food into him.  He knew that Toby needed to be warmed up from the inside out and he stripped the man carefully of his damp clothing, wrapping him instead with the dry but rough woollen blanket before laying the damp clothing, absently noticing the newly sewn sergeants chevron’s beside the fire to dry.  Stripping off his own clothing, he too climbed nearly naked into the blanket to wrap his body around Toby’s in order to transfer some of his own body heat to the desperately ill man, he almost laughed.  Gideon will never let me forget this, he thought, two near naked men under a blanket together.
As the cold left Toby, his fingers began to tingle and his leg gave him a dull ache but in his dreams he was warm, a roaring fire protected him from the cold that threatened to kill him.  Gideon was the king of cold and he had two Sonal’s, two ‘outsiders’ helping him to freeze the land.
Jed awoke as dawn approached, he had slept badly and was anxious to get back to Varan; quickly he dressed himself and re-dressed Toby in his now dry clothing.  Toby slept on as Jed re-built the fire and heated the remains of the food.
The sky slowly began to lighten and chase away the grey of the night as Jed continued to feed the fire, soon now the sun would rise.  Finally, Toby stirred, his leg was giving him pain and he was hungry.
‘Mornin’,’ Jed managed, ‘how d’yer get ‘ere like this Toby?’  He asked, as he handed him some of the reheated food.  Toby slowly sat up, grimacing as pain flared through him and he looked at Jed carefully trying to assess what his one time friend knew.  Does ‘e know about the village, about what I did?  He thought and always able to turn a situation to his advantage, Toby turned the tables.
‘Where’ve yer been mate?’  Toby replied answering the question with one of his own, ‘yer been AWOL now fer months, we all been sent ter arrest yer, sommats ‘appened at ‘ome, the Colonel reckons ‘t was you and Gid,’ he said, adding, ‘I fell off me ‘orse trying ter get ‘ome afore the soldiers.  I managed ter sneak away ter try an’ warn May,’ he looked intently at Jed, his voice full of sorrow, ‘yer know as ‘ow I feel about ‘er, always ‘ave ‘ad.’
He lowered his head far enough to look sad but still able to watch Jed beneath his lashes and he remained still, quietly evaluating Jed’s reaction.
‘Me fam’ly, Toby, the villagers, what’s going on, me ma…’ Jed’s voice cracked as he thought about the camp a few miles down this very road.
‘Jed…, look at me, this is gonna be ‘ard fer yer.  Yer been away ser long yer don’t know.’ Toby looked away waiting to see if Jed had snapped up his bait.
‘What Toby, don’t know what?’  Jed pleaded, pain and fear deep set behind his eyes.  Toby was elated, Jed had taken the hook and swallowed it whole.
‘It turns out; Gid is Gath’s son, lost as a babe.  Gid told King Gath the villagers were ‘olding im captive, stopping ‘im findin’ ‘is real ‘ome and fam’ly.  Gath ‘ad old Jed taken and Gid said as ‘ow ‘e ‘ad waited long enough fer Mayan an’ ‘e…’ Toby allowed a tear to run down his cheek and fall onto the blanket, Jed watching intently, absently noticed the tear keep rolling, as if the blanket was waterproof.  Toby himself did not find the tear difficult, his leg was incredibly painful but he managed to control his voice choosing a suitably empathetic tone as he finally continued, ‘Mayan ...Gid raped an’ killed ‘er.’  Without waiting for Jed’s inevitable question’s, Toby continued to embellish his story knowing that as a child Jed, like his sister had always been a sucker for a tale and he was no different now.  He could have laughed at the varied series of expressions that crossed Jed’s face.  Then an idea occurred to him that was as staggering to comprehend, as it was easy to achieve.  Painfully he struggled with his broken leg.
‘Jed,’ he cried, real tears this time as the pain caused from movement in his leg was excruciating.  ‘Jed, I found Mayan afore she died, she give me this ter give ter yer, so’s yer know I be tellin’ the truth.  She said fer yer ter avenge ‘em all.’
Toby pushed his hand into his pocket and slowly withdrew it, opening his clenched fist, he held out the shiny blue stone, still as vibrant and alive now as it had been on the night Gideon had tied it around Mayan’s neck, the night Jed himself and Gideon had become blood brothers.
‘I tried ter stop ‘im Jed but ‘e were too strong, an’ ‘e busted me leg an’ left me ter die.  I crawled ‘ere ter find someone ter ‘elp.’
The blue stone twinkled in the pre dawn light, it looked grey now but Jed knew it was blue.  He instinctively felt for Mayan using the ‘twin thing’ his mother had always said they had.  There was nothing, usually, he could get a sense of her at least.  He tried again, desperate to feel something of his sister.  Still there was nothing, he knew how much his sister loved Gideon, how all her life she had followed him around only waiting for him to notice her.  When Gideon had given her the stone, she had been the happiest girl in the world and he knew she would not have passed on the stone for any reason other than death.  He thought of the tale Lemba and Rhoàld had told him, mostly the same as Toby’s but for a few minor differences.  A King’s son is a King’s son… he thought.
Toby sobbed with real pain as his broken bone grated, protesting as the leg moved.  Jed saw the pain on his friends face and read it as agony in finally losing Mayan and he was convinced.
‘Me ma an’ Da were visitin’ with Jed’s folks, me ma was gonna ‘elp May with shopping fer the wedding.  That’s when Gid found out about ‘is Da, that’s when ‘e killed ‘er.  They buried ‘er, buried ‘er, right there at Gid’s granda’s ‘ouse… E’s a mighty fine prince now, don’t need no village girl.’
Toby stopped then, he looked at Jed under his lashes once more, hoping he had not gone too far, even he could see his story was more than a bit disjointed and everybody in the village knew the story of Gideon’s father Jed and his wife.  How Tom, Toby’s father had been too scared of the wood to walk the drunken man all the way home and the house had burned down, killing Mayan, Jed’s wife and their newborn son.  Everybody knew Tom and Jed hardly spoke anymore, so it would be highly unlikely for his parents to be visiting Gideon’s grandparents, let alone helping with preparations for the wedding.  Toby cursed himself for lying too easily and he prayed Jed would not notice the anomalies.  He was glad he had been opening Jed’s mail though, in the time Jed had been AWOL he had received three letters all telling of the impending visit to Jed’s parents at Branton, silently he wished he had checked the dates of the visit more carefully.
Jed moved off to sit alone, Gid, ‘ow could yer do such a thing?  He thought as he reached out once more to find his sister.  He still felt nothing, Mayan was just not there, all their lives he and Mayan had been able to ‘know’ how the other was feeling or if they were near or in pain, once, as a child, Jed had broken his ankle falling from a tree, he had not felt any pain at all but Mayan had screamed in agony.  Apple had explained it to them then as their being, two parts of the same whole, a natural ability known by most twins.
Again, he tried and again there was nothing, choked and full of grief with tears of pain and guilt racking his body he looked down the road he had travelled the previous evening, where he knew his parents were chained up like animals and ready to be sold into slavery.  His heart grew cold as he realised that Toby was speaking the truth, his twin sister was dead.
Toby sat watching him intently from the base of the tree, he saw Jed stuff the stone in the pocket of his leather jerkin and come to stand before him.
‘Gideon will die fer this,’ he said.  ‘Iffen it’s the last thing I do, I’ll kill ‘im fer what ‘e’s done.’  Again, Jed walked away not wanting Toby to witness his grief and as Toby watched him go and despite the pain in his leg, a smile hovered around his mouth.
Slowly the sun began to rise and Jed noticed the column of men and horses moving inevitably toward them, he knew his parents and the villagers were on their way.  Many of the villagers had small children and if they had spent as cold a night as he had, they would be lucky to have survived.  Hate filled Jed’s heart as he thought of the pain in his mother’s face, the abuse Sámia had suffered and the beating his brother had obviously taken, his hate turned cold and angry as he realised it was all Gideon’s fault.  Tears would no longer flow and he swore to himself then, Gid would not, could not, be allowed to live.
‘I’m goin’ Tobe, yer’ll be ok now the soldiers ‘r’ ‘ere …’ he said, turning to face Toby, he smiled weakly, the smile not quite reaching his eyes.  ‘I’ve got sommat I need ter do, thank you… fer being ‘er friend.’  He said as he took off running swiftly toward the trees and Green Cottage, the home of Gideon’s grandparents.


Chapter 15
Young Jed Grieves


The inhabitants of the cottage slept as Jed crept closer and closer and the sun hovered on the edge of the world ready to lighten up the day with a soft golden glow.
As Jed passed the newly dug soldier’s grave beside the barn, he mistakenly took it for Mayan’s final resting place and kneeling on the cold hard ground, he touched the frozen earth reverently, his heart cracked, as he thought of his beautiful chestnut haired sister lying cold and alone, deep within the bowels of the earth.
Strangely, his own stone, his gift from Gideon, still offered him comfort and support as it hung on the green leather thong around his neck; he held it tightly in his palm as he watched the house.  He knew Gideon was inside, he could feel it.  In his grief, it did not occur to him to wonder, that if what Toby had said was true, then why was Gideon here in Branton, instead of in Devilly with his real father.  Still kneeling reverently, he placed his palm on the frozen earth of the grave.
‘Mayan love,’ he whispered, ‘Gideon will answer fer this…,’ he pulled his cloak around him and sat to wait for the true morning to light up the world.  Then, he knew Gideon would die, but for now, he would sit here, sit here with his sister and wait.


Chapter 16
Mayan Awakens


Deep within her safe place, Mayan felt protected and loved.  She did not want to leave it and come out but somehow knew she must, she thought she felt her brother searching for her but her barriers had stopped her responding so sighing, she turned away from her brother and returned to her vision of Gideon and the silver blue river.  As she looked at Gideon, he began to change and suddenly Jed was before her sitting on the cold hard ground his head bent toward the earth.  She smiled as he pulled his cloak about his shoulders and then he looked up.
Her heart almost stopped, Jed’s face screamed death at her, such a look of hatred and contempt.  She had never seen him look this way before and as if he felt her looking he smiled, his eyes cold and flat, he was talking to her, telling her how he would make Gideon pay before he died.  Pay fer what?  Mayan thought, still deep within her dream, why would Jed want to kill Gideon.  She shuddered in fear, only it was not the imagined fear of the nightmare, it was real fear, a solid tangible thing and it was fear for Gideon.  Frantically she began to claw at the walls she had built to hold her safe.  Slowly they began to break down, slowly, so slowly they crumbled as she fought her way back from sleep until at last she could feel Jed was nearby, her safety walls finally disappeared and she opened her eyes.
She shook her head to clear her jumbled thoughts and her nightmare evaporated with the last vestiges of sleep.  It was all right, it had all been a dream, a bad dream, a nightmare, she knew this room and knew today she was going to go shopping with Gideon’s grandmother, today I am gonna choose me trousseau, me wedding things, she thought, smiling.
She climbed stiffly off the bed wondering why she was aching and splashed clean cold water on her face and neck before dressing quickly as she attempted to shake off her sombre mood.  Nerves!  She laughed at herself, as she walked quietly down the stairs.
As Mayan entered the kitchen all eyes turned to look at her, the kitchen had felt quite large before but now with so many bodies crowded around it was positively tiny, most of the faces she knew but some she did not, one thing was the same on them all though, they all looked …concerned.
‘Mayan love, ‘ow yer feelin’?’  Gideon’s father asked as he came forward and threw his arms around her.
‘Jed, leave the girl be son, let ‘er settle,’ chided Jed’s mother gently.  Mayan felt the centre of attention as she moved to sit at the table.  She brushed her hand over her hair to pull it off her face and touched a tender part of her skull; she winced at the pain and suddenly understood.
‘Oh…Toby,’ she vaguely remembered turning a corner and seeing Sonal falling down a slope, Gideon, with soldiers holding his arms as he was being sick, Toby leering at her and Gideon shouting run, then something dropped over her, and she had fallen.  She remembered the way her arms and legs seemed locked in place and then Toby’s rancid breath washing over her face, again she remembered the sharp piercing pain deep inside and felt cold and alone until Gideon was there, sitting beside her in a sunlit meadow beside a stream.  A meadow she had built in her head.
‘Toby raped me…’ she whispered aloud, remembering everything clearly and realising why all eyes had been on her and now suddenly were anywhere but with her.  The striking green eyes of a small impossibly beautiful silver haired girl were the only ones that seemed to empathise.
‘It will be all right,’ they seemed to say, ‘It will be all right.’
Mayan let her mind wander again over what she remembered, she sat quietly, her hands protectively holding the teacup Gideon’s gran, her gran, placed before her and she made a conscious effort to test out her body as the other members of the party tried to talk normally around her.  Apart from feeling tender an’ bruised an’ that could ‘ave ‘appened as I fell an’ hit me ‘ead, she thought, nothin’ seems to be wrong anywhere else.  I’ll deal with the ovver stuff anovver time, I’m fine, her thoughts continued.  Toby had done his worst and she was fine, the absurdity of the situation bubbled up inside her she began to giggle as the other occupants of the room stopped talking and stared at her, her laughter stopped abruptly.
Suddenly, everyone was again talking at once; voices filled the room attempting to fill the awkward silence.  Mayan stood as the pragmatist in her  realised everyone here, whether she knew them or not, knew what had happened to her, from Toby’s last attempt inside his father’s barn and the subsequent hours spent with her loved ones tiptoeing on egg shells around her she knew she had to stop this now.  All eyes were on her as she cleared her throat, whatever they were expecting the tension and anxiety around the room dissolved as she spoke.
‘I don’t seem to know everyone, me name’s Mayan an’ I’m gonna marry Gideon,’ she said in a rush.  The green eyes of the silver haired girl seemed to laugh with delight as smiles of relief beamed at her from around the room.
‘That’s me girl,’ called Gideon’s father.
‘How do you do, young lady,’ from someone who looked remarkably like Sonal.
‘My brother Varan,’ said Sonal, answering Mayan’s unspoken query.  Mayan’s eyes opened wide as she remembered Sonal’s tale of his family back at Green Home but before she could comment Gideon’s father spoke again.
‘This be Lemba, an’ this…’ introductions and explanations carried on as Mayan smiled acknowledging each and every person.  She was interested to see how Gideon’s father blushed from the neck clear up to his roots as he introduced the other unknown woman in the room, Lemba’s sister, Dotty.
‘I think I remember you ‘elping me, mam,’ she said, smiling at Dotty, ‘when I was brought ‘ome I mean an’ thank you,’ she added.  Dotty reached across and took her hand.
‘You are a strong young woman, an’ you’re very welcome.’  She said.
‘Where’s Gid?’  Mayan asked, as she realised his face was the only one she really wanted to see and could not.
‘Well Sonal,’ said Jed, his gaze turning serious once more, adding ‘where is ‘e?  My boy ‘ad best be all right out there…’
‘Don’t worry so much, he will be fine, Jayse is with him.’  Sonal answered.
‘Less than one day ago Jayse would ‘ave rammed ‘im with a knife ‘isel.’  Jed grumbled, ‘why could I not ‘ave gone on this s’periment, after all ‘e be me own son.’  Sonal looked at his friend compassionately, although he had answered this and several other questions along a similar vein a dozen times.
‘Jed, you are too close to the boy, he has to be allowed to travel as far as he can, you know you would have held him back if had so much as stubbed his toe.’  Jed grumbled into the teacup his mother perpetually filled from a fresh pot.
‘Yes, but Jayse…,’ he began to say as his mother stepped in.
‘Jedadiah, you know yer Da and I love yer, now you listen ter me, Jayse ain’t the same boy as rode in with them soldiers, he… he’s kind an’ thoughtful, the kind o’ boy me an’ yer Da would be proud to call our son, an’ iffen ‘e was our son ‘e’d be yer brother an’ Gid’s uncle.  So stop bein’ ser jealous and trust ‘im.’  Jed looked at his mother as she fussed and fretted, ensuring everyone had everything they needed and he could not remember the last time his parents had entertained this way.  Yesterday they had both been badly assaulted, his father Gideon, still bore a fat lip and a beautiful shiner not yet even trying to heal, the black and swollen flesh keeping the old man’s eye firmly closed, this, a gift from Toby that Jed would someday repay.  Dotty and the twins had both offered to heal the obviously painful wound but the old man had refused.
‘Mrs Green don’t care much fer magic an’ such,’ he had said stoically.
Jed himself had to agree the young soldier, Jayse, did seem to like his parents and had even tried to help him.  Ruefully he admitted to himself what his mother had accused him of, he was jealous.  He had not been here when his parents were being hurt and he had not been here to help them pull the pieces together after the dead body of the soldier was discovered in the house.  Jayson had been a calming influence over all the chaos and grudgingly, Jed gave him credit for behaving exactly as a son would have done, as he himself would have done if he had been here.  For the moment, he knew the young man was sleeping in the barn but his mother had already said when the family left again after the visit, Jayse was going to stay on and help around the cottage.
‘Hhruuump,’ Jed said aloud as his thoughts continued in a more amenable manner, they do need someone ‘ere now they be older, an’ they do seem ter like ‘im, he stood and crossed the room.  ‘I be sorry ma, yer right, I gave the lad no credit an’ I were jealous…’ she squeezed her son tightly, a tear in her eye.
‘It’s all gonna be fine boy,’ she said, ‘now don’t yer worry so.’ Jed smiled and turned away from her before returning to his chair and anxiously looking out of the window, unconsciously resuming the position he had taken before Mayan had walked into the room.
Mayan crossed to Jed the inevitable teacup in one hand and a plate of toast in the other.
‘Jed, where’s Gideon, what’s goin’ on outside?’  She inquired, as she sat beside him and she too peered through the misty glass.
The day outside appeared cold and crisp once more, though there seemed a little more sun around than there had been.  She could see the barn from the window and the ivy thriving in the cold looking like a living wall as it grew completely over one side of the huge building.
‘S’periment,’ muttered Jed with a growl, adding, ‘ter see iffen Gid’s illness is because ‘e’s away from the Forest, or Green ‘ome wood anyways.’  Jed answered her, his gaze still fixed on the other side of the glass.  ‘Sonal can explain it better ‘en me,’ he added as Sonal came to join the two at the window.  Sonal touched his friends shoulder in an effort to comfort him.
‘We think,’ Sonal began, ‘it’s the house here and the Forest at home that has stopped Gideon from being ill before this,’ he looked at Mayan closely her confusion apparent.  ‘It’s like this,’ he began again, the whole room seemed to still, each person listening intently, for some, they had heard the explanation a hundred times but still they listened.  Jed turned briefly to look at his friend.  ‘We think we know who Gideon’s actual birth parents were,’ he said, laying his hand across Jed’s shoulder once more.  Jed turned back to the window, his face unreadable.  Sonal stopped his love and concern for Jed preventing him from continuing their theory.  He turned to his brother with a pleading look, Varan as intuitive as ever continued.
‘Well, we know King Gath and his forebears were able to do magic, we also know how Gideon was born, apparently those of us who were here saw it the other evening.’  Heads nodded and smiled sadly, remembering the vivid dreams of the young pregnant girl running through the woods, as he spoke he used his fingers to emphasize his speech exactly the same way Sonal had done the day before.
‘We know Gideon was ill, that something happened to kill the soldiers in the woods… and that something was generated from Gideon.  Dotty, Rhoàld and I are all able to feel magic in varying degrees.  We could feel that Gideon was the source of the magic and it was powerful, have no doubts upon that, dangerously unstable in fact.  We know that Gideon has spent most of his life in and around Green Home Forest.  We also know he never had so much as a cold before leaving the forest area and here, Gideon’s grandfather has spent years building this house out of wood and stone all brought in from Green Home.  We’ve looked at the way Jayson has changed from being here in this house, at how Gideon has seemed to recover quickly once he is here within the confines of the house and gardens.’  Mayan listened to Varan, unsure of what it had to do with any experiment.
‘Basically, we’ve sent Gideon out for a walk, Jayson is with him,’ Varan added quickly.  ‘Jayson will make sure Gideon gets home again safely if the mag…, err if he becomes ill or if the walk is too much for him I mean.’
‘I always knew there was summat wrong wife that Forest…’ mumbled Gideon’s grandmother almost under her breath.  ‘I could always feel it waitin’, jus’ waitin’,’ she added as Gideon senior smiled indulgently at her.  ‘You an’ yer Forest,’ she said sadly, a tear rolling slowly down her face.
‘Tis why I moved ‘ere, ter be with you love,’ he said, kissing her damp cheek.  ‘Yer never took ter the trees so I brought me forest ‘ere with me,’ she smiled at him as he enclosed her in his arms, remembering how his wife had never been able to reconcile herself to the forests energy and its ambient feeling of possessiveness.
‘So,’ began Mayan as she continued to look out of the window and munch delicately on her toast, ‘Gideon is walkin’ about in the cold ‘coz yer think, iffen ‘e’s away from the ‘ouse ‘e’s gonna be ill,’ she held up her hand to forestall Sonal who had opened his mouth to speak.  She turned back to face the room before she continued.  ‘I’m sorry Sonal but I find it ‘ard ter believe a bunch o’ trees or some dead wood protects ‘im.  Gideon don’t do magic, ‘e’s never done any magic, e’d ‘ave told me iffen ‘e could.’  She finished angrily.
‘Think about it love,’ whispered Mrs Green, ‘when I was a girl, no one ever went inter the forest.  Yer gramps’ll tell yer, no one even went near, we thought it was evil, I ‘ad a friend once… ‘is name was Byron…  ‘E never came back.’  Mayan watched her grandmother’s face crumple and leaving her tea, rushed to her side.  ‘Listen to em love,’ her grandmother said as she pulled from Mayan’s embrace hurried through the kitchen and up the stairs.  Mayan stared after her.
‘She be mighty worried about Gideon,’ explained her grandfather, ‘an’ what she said is true, the forest took ‘er Byron.  It’s not safe, fer most folk anyway,’ he added as he followed his wife out of the room.
‘But we’ve played in the forest all our lives, nowt ‘as ever ‘appened ter us there,’ Mayan interjected angrily, adding, ‘even before yer came Sonal, we were always safe there.’
‘You were always with Gideon, you, your brother Jed and Gideon, can you name any others who played in the forest with you… and who else have you ever heard of with an ever-young wolf for a friend.  The forest is magic… It drew me to it… there is a reason… we just have to find it,’ replied Sonal quietly.
‘The reason…, the reason we are all here… we believe it’s because of Gideon.’  Varan said softly as the girl turned her face to the window once more.
‘Jed…!’  She whispered suddenly as the blood drained from her face and her hands fisted tightly on the windowsill next to Gideon’s father.
Without warning she suddenly felt her brother and remembered her dream, Jed’s hatred was almost palpable, she started for the door at a run, knocking cups flying and bashing into the table causing her grandmother’s teapot to crash to the floor.
‘Jed no... Sonal, it’s Jed, Jed’s out there waiting for Gideon, he wants ter kill ‘im, I dreamt it, it’s what woke me up.  E’s gonna kill Gid.  I can feel it,’ she flung open the door and ran out into the cold, her chestnut hair flying behind her.  Within moments as the kitchen emptied, the sound of running feet crunching on the crisp grasses filled the air as everyone raced into the trees shouting.
‘Jed, stop…Jed.’
They were too late; ten minutes later, they came upon the unconscious body of Jayson, lying awkwardly on the cold ground.
‘I’ll stay with him,’ said Rhoàld as the others rushed through the cold wood after Mayan.


***


Gideon had never been any match for his blood brother; Jed held him securely, his knife pressed hard at Gideon’s throat, just biting at the skin.  Gideon wanted to be sick again and he had a pounding headache.
The illness had returned as they were walking so Jayson suggested they sit for a while to see if the pain and sickness would pass.  As Gideon leaned forward to vent his stomach, Jed had hit Jayson hard and dragged away his unconscious body, dumping it beside a large tree.
With the soldier disposed of, Jed rested his back against the bole of a tree, he was exhausted and sick to his stomach with his head reeling but he would sleep as soon as Gideon was dead, so he waited whilst his brother again emptied his stomach.
He had found and followed the two men easily and laughed to himself as the pair sat down on the log, careless, he thought as no attempt to check the area for adversaries had been made, but then ‘e wouldn’t think o’ me as an enemy.  The thought was banished as quickly as it came, Gideon was his enemy, he had raped and killed his only sister and only he would die for it, he toyed with the idea of plunging the knife directly into Gideon’s back but dismissed it, as it would have meant he would have to kill the guard.  He might not be a soldier any longer but he did not want to kill one either, especially as this one looked rather a poor weak soul, not the kind of specimen Gath would usually chose as a bodyguard, Jed thought.
‘This way,’ called Mayan as she felt her brother close by, ‘this way, I can feel ‘im.’  The others followed as quickly as they could.  Varan and Sonal, being twins themselves, knew and understood exactly how, what the twins’ mother, called the twin thing worked and they trusted Mayan implicitly.
Feeling weak from his illness Gideon had not the strength to fight back and now sat uncomfortably on the frozen ground with a cold knife pressed at his throat, absently he noted Mayan’s blue stone dangling across Jed’s forearm.
Gideon pushed himself against the knife involuntarily as his stomach heaved once more; bright red blood covered the knife and flowed over Jed’s hand as it bit deeper into his throat.  Knowing his prisoner was helpless, Jed released the pressure on the knife slightly.
‘Why Gid, why d’yer ‘ave ter kill ‘er when she was already yorn... yer know that, she would ‘ave died fer yer…’ Jed sobbed, as Gideon again lurched against the blade and vomited, failing to respond.  Infuriated by Gideon’s refusal to answer, Jed swung the butt of the knife hard against his blood brothers head and Gideon collapsed.  As he lay unconscious, Jed sobbed again and cradled his brother’s comatose body into his arms, inadvertently forcing the blade to bite into his throat once again.  ‘I loved yer Gid, I still love yer, why d‘yer do it?’  He cried and his heart broke, he realised he would never be able to hurt this man, the man he thought of as a brother.  He looked up through pain-filled eyes full of tears and he saw Mayan standing in the trees, a little way away from him silent and still.
‘I’m sorry May,’ he said to her ghost, ‘I can’t kill ‘im, even though yer dead, I can’t do it.’  Insane with grief he rocked the unconscious body in his arms back and forth repeatedly, the knife held tightly in his hand.  ‘I’m sorry,’ he said again and the phrase became a cadence for his rocking.  ‘I’m sorry.’  ‘I’m sorry.’
Mayan slowly crossed to her brother, tears in her own eyes; somehow, she knew Toby was behind this.  ‘I’ll do fer yer precious boys,’ he had said the day he had left Green Home.  For the first time in her life, she knew what it was to hate and she did not much like the feeling.  She sat beside her brother motioning for the others who had come up behind her to stay back and be quiet.
‘I’m no dead bro,’ she whispered, her voice calm and serene belying the terror she felt in her heart, ‘feel me,’ she added, as she placed her hand against his bloody one and let her warmth spread through his frozen skin.  All the time her eyes on the knife still held so close to Gideon’s open wound, already copious amounts of blood were oozing down Gideon’s chest from the deep gash at his neck.
Sonal, alarmed at the sight of so much blood grabbed his brother’s arm and began to mumble in his old singular singsong voice.  Supported as he was by his brother, he pushed his mind outside his body and along the invisible path toward Gideon, the path created as the party had travelled toward Branton and when Gideon first become ill.  As he entered Gideon’s body his entire being shuddered, his own heart, previously beating steadily, missed a beat and faltered slightly before slowly regaining its natural steady rhythm, Varan felt the change at the root of the magic and concentrated on supporting his brother, sending healing power along the lifeline Sonal had opened.  He sat Sonal down on the damp ground still holding him tightly to maintain a strong connection.
Sonal wandered through waves of power like a man suddenly blind and alone in a new place.  He slowly focused on Gideon’s heartbeat until he recognised the threads of the boy’s magic, and he stayed there, close to Gideon’s heart until he was comfortable and linked, knowing and acknowledging the essence of magic lying through the centre of Gideon’s power, then he moved deeper.  The strength of the raw power, for the moment dormant in Gideon shocked him to the very core.  At its edge, the power seemed to pulsate, to throb in tune with his heartbeat; this is what I felt, thought Sonal, recognising an abundance of energy that without a drain or an essence of control was slowly killing Gideon.  Ignoring the intoxicating pull of power, he tentatively searched for the wound.  Absently he noted living connections in the ether between Gideon and Jed beside him, shared blood, he thought, remembering the incident with the cut palms the night before Jed joined up so long ago.  The fine wires between the two boys seemed to glow and throb through the roots, an invisible link, shiny and pure almost a beacon for anything looking for them from this side of the magic.  Vulnerable and unprotected the threads throbbed with life, they don’t realise what they have done, I, I didn’t realise…, thought Sonal, as he watched the link begin to dull, drawing life force from Jed, it would kill Jed as surely as Gideon’s blood loss would kill him too, if the bleeding wasn’t stopped.  A second thread he noticed connected Jed to Varan, this one was strong and protected, this thread glowed in tune with the line connecting Varan to himself and pulsing as Varan sent his strength to Sonal.  Sonal made a mental note to ask his brother about it.
Finally, he found the wound, a deep cut in the side of Gideon’s neck; blood flowed slowly through it like a partially blocked drain as Gideon’s life leaked away.  Sonal began to concentrate on the healing flow from his own body, afraid to tap into Gideon’s own vast pool of living energy, lest it disturb the dormant power and explode out killing them all.  He had used this method of healing many times before as he fought whilst still a member, albeit a young one, of the Guardians but never before had he been afraid to use the injured parties own resources.  Once known as an adept for this skill in healing he had been fearless but here inside Gideon, he felt a novice, frightened to awaken or touch the force at the heart of Gideon’s power anymore than was necessary.
Sweat began to pour from his brow and his heartbeat began to race as he took more and more from his own body.  From the inside out, the wound in Gideon’s neck began to heal as the blood flow slowed and finally stopped.  The deeply cut tissues began to draw together, knitting seamlessly, lastly as the skin closed and turned to a normal healthy colour under the smears of blood, Sonal’s heart beat slowed too and his breathing returned to normal as Varan continued to watch his twin closely.
In the ether, Gideon absolutely glowed with power, in his unconscious state the power ebbed and flowed along with his heartbeat, like a mighty ocean to the pull of the moon.  The connection to the root of the magic was the strongest Sonal had ever felt and he could feel the power held at bay by what seemed to be vast wooden doors.  The doors ever thinning and straining as the power built up behind them and as Sonal watched, he understood the cause of the sickness and headaches.
He had been right, Gideon had grown up under the influence of the Green Home Forest and for some reason, probably the same reason he himself had felt drawn to the forest, it had protected and nurtured the boy.  Gideon had no control over his own power and this lack of control was what was killing him, he suddenly realised how dangerous Gideon had become.
Checking the site of the wound once more to ensure it was totally healed Sonal carefully allowed himself to begin to drift back along the lifeline but as he attempted to leave Gideon’s body he felt the hidden power grab him and he struggled against the remorseless energy trying to consume him, just as it was consuming Gideon himself.  It was as if the magic was alive and hungry, panic set in as he began to feel his soul slipping away.  Suddenly Varan was beside him, guiding and pulling him from the hold of the magic, the lifeline between their souls and their bodies thinned and threatened to break as the twins fought their silent battle.  They knew if the line broke, both men would become trapped by the roots and forever forbidden to begin their journey into the afterlife, their human bodies left to die as empty shells.  Varan too, slumped to the ground as they fought for their lives, for their very souls.  Varan’s connection to Jed and through Jed to Gideon was holding them in a great circle without the power to get free.
Unaware of the battle raging around her, Dotty watched in awe as the wound healed, as a healer herself, she marvelled at the prowess of Sonal’s work, the wound itself, closing so perfectly and Gideon’s face returning to a normal healthy colour so quickly.  Her heart was breaking for young Jed, so desperate in his grief and pain, then there was little Lemba, who so wanted to go to him.  A disturbance in the ether caused her to reach for the roots of her own magic and she gasped, nearly losing her footing as she finally felt the fierce battle.  Gideon’s father, standing beside her grabbed her arm to stop her from falling.
‘Let go of me Jed,’ Dotty gasped as she desperately tried to help the twins.  Jed held on tightly to the unsteady woman, his vision changed and he could see faintly what Dotty saw, velvet blackness filled with ribbons of bright, bright light, each one pulsating and burning leaving burnt spots in his vision.  Gideon, his son, the brightest light of all, he felt as if he had been looking at the sun too long in high summer.  He closed his eyes attempting to shut out the light but the vision intensified.
‘Let go of me Jed, now!’ whispered Dotty again as she sent herself toward the magic, she knew the effort would probably kill her, unprepared as she was to use so much power without a balance but if she did nothing the twins would surely die and she did not want to drain Jed as she drained herself.  Jed felt himself tingling and itching, he thought he had probably stepped on an anthill and disturbed the biting creatures but he remained holding on to Dotty tightly not wanting the woman to fall.
Dotty surrounded the twins in her brightest light, pale and wan in comparison to the others but she could do no more.  Caught fast in the ether Varan could sense Dotty’s attempts to help; slowly she added her strength to the twins as they struggled to escape the pull from Gideon.  As she fought to free them, she found herself also falling under Gideon’s spell in the same way the twins had fallen and almost in despair; she attempted to draw more from herself than she could safely give.  Suddenly another light emanated from within her, it expanded and grew brighter, infinitely stronger than her own was and she marvelled at the beauty of it, its pearly iridescent sheen circled the twins and Dotty moulding itself to them following each contour and indent until it matched them perfectly, like a great overcoat it shielded them from Gideon’s pull.  Varan, with a mouth that was not a mouth spoke quietly.
‘Lemba’s magic recognises the danger to its host, see Sonal, it shields us from the power of the root,’ Sonal watched in silence, not having strength enough left to answer as he struggled to be free.  Slowly, so slowly, they managed to move away until finally the hold released and the twins re-entered their own bodies with a sigh, letting themselves relax for a moment recovering from the ordeal.  Gideon began to rouse; the activity deep within his core had stirred his subconscious and begun to wake him.
‘Varan,’ Sonal said softly, ‘Gideon does not know, does not realise…who he is.’  Varan turned to him and suddenly he smiled, in his head, the child with the dead eyes frowned as a patch of green appeared in the dull brown grass.
‘Thank you Dotty,’ he said, sitting up and turning to the woman still held tightly in Jed’s arms.  ‘You saved our lives.  Thank you,’ he said again, inclining his head in salute.  Dotty smiled back shyly, embarrassed at the unexpected honour.
‘Well, I don’t want to be healing you both from colds so it might be best if you got off the damp ground and stood up.’  She turned in Jed’s arms and looked back toward the three young people still sitting on the ground.  Jed continued to hold Dotty, his head was full of questions, he felt a little stiff from the cold and a little weary suddenly but he was surprised at the way he felt so comfortable with his arms this woman, the way he had always felt with his Mayan.  He smiled anxiously as she patted his hand and he turned his gaze back to Gideon, covered in blood but no longer bleeding and still with the knife still at his throat.
The warmth from Mayan’s body slowly seeped into young Jed, his sobs quietened and the knife fell harmlessly to the floor.  Mayan quickly kicked it away with her foot maintaining the fragile contact with her brother.  She sent love and calm along their special bond, and smiled.  Jed shifted his pose and cuddled his brother to him burying his face against Gideon’s neck.
‘Forgive me Gid,’ he whispered, ‘please forgive me…’ he wept quietly now, his tears leaving pale tracks in Gideon’s blood soaked skin.
‘Thought yer weren’t gonna kiss me,’ Gideon began, his voice croaking painfully as he woke.  ‘Remember Jed, when I gave yer the stone yer said yer weren’t gonna kiss me.’  Mayan cried openly and threw her arms around both boys as best she could.  No matter what Toby had done to her, nothing would ever be as painful as watching this and feeling so helpless.  He will pay fer this, she thought again as Gideon’s father and Lemba rushed forward to help all three to their feet.
‘Da, I think the s’periment worked,’ Gideon smiled as he leant forward to clear his mouth of bile.  ‘I don’t ‘alf ‘ave an ‘eadache an’ me throat’s real sore, Jed ‘elp me ‘ome will yer,’ he said as he held out his arm to his brother.  ‘I’ll try not ter throw up on yer,’ he added, trying to smile through the pain in his head, ‘though it smells as if yer threw up on yersel’ already’.  Gideon grinned as he realised they were actually both as filthy as the other was and he took Jed’s arm.  Jed felt humbled by the love surrounding him; he had tried to kill his best friend, his brother.  I should ‘ave known ‘e were lying!  He thought berating himself.  Even as tired, cold and hungry as he was, even with the knowledge of his family’s desperate plight, he should have known Toby was lying.
‘It was this Gid,’ he said quietly as he handed Gideon Mayan’s stone, ‘Toby gave it ter me, ‘e said as ‘ow yer…rap… ‘ow yer killed ‘er.  I knew she’d never ‘ave given it away.’  Silent tears fell once again down his face, Mayan seeing the stone placed her hand to her neck.
‘Toby took it from me Jed, it were ‘im who tried ter rape me after Jackie’s weddin’.  I gave ‘im ‘is scar, I never told yer coz I didn’t wanna ‘urt yer but yesterday, yesterday ‘e did do it, he raped me… yesterday.’  Mayan said softly, taking the stone and wrapping her arms around her chest.  ‘Tis my fault, all my fault,’ I should ‘ave said back then.’  She added quietly, her voice braking, she turned to Lemba and fell into her arms her shoulders shaking with silent tears.
‘Ner, love…’ began Gideon and stopped abruptly as another wave of dizziness came over him.
‘Get the boy to his grandfather’s, now,’ whispered Varan as Sonal silently described the fragile wooden doors holding back the power of Gideon’s mind.  ‘Now…, go,’ he said again, a mixture of horror and wonder on his face.
 Gideon and young Jed walked off in the direction of the cottage, Jed holding his sick brother as best he could, Gideon stumbled and releasing Dotty, his father ran to support his other side.  Arm in arm the trio walked, followed closely by Dotty, deep in thought with her arms folded across her chest.  The two young girls each still in tears followed her arm in arm, guilt washed from one and relief from the other, a tangible blanket covering them.  Varan and Sonal, both exhausted by the healing brought up the rear.  Neither wanted to talk, not yet, the future is too big to think about, not without a cup of Mrs Green’s tea anyway, Varan thought and Sonal smiled hearing the thought even though it had not been directed at him.
‘Tea, yes,’ he said, ‘I could do with a cup of tea.’
Rhoàld shivered with cold as he and a bruised Jayson watched the company move away, he closed his eyes and thought of Bastian.
‘I’m here,’ Bastian sang to him.  ‘I’m always here,’ Rhoàld, taking Jayson’s arm walked slowly along behind the others, revelling in the love Bastian showed him and no longer cold, he smiled.  ‘Soon,’ Bastian whispered.
‘Yes, my dearest, soon.’  Rhoàld replied following behind his friends.


Chapter 17
Gath Laughs


‘Such power…’ Gath whispered as he suddenly stopped his horse and stared into the ether, he watched the ebb and flow of magic at the roots.
‘His magic, my… my magic is strong, so much more than I ever expected.  Oh Lydia, I knew you would be the one,’ he smiled drawing his gaze back to Darnel, studying him intently.
‘We will be leaving very soon, my dear,’ whispered Gath as he stroked his horse’s neck, he smiled at Darnel, not expecting a response.  Darnel’s knees tightened into his horse’s flanks.  ‘I must reach him soon, before his power kills him because it will, if he doesn’t gain control of it, it will.  We have time yet though, time to find him and take him, Hollins should have him soon.’  Darnel’s horse snorted loudly, protesting at the pressure on its belly. 
‘The funny thing is Darnel, Gideon will have to come to me as there is no one left alive to teach him the control he needs because, and this is the ironic part, because I’ve already killed them all.’  He began to laugh, louder and louder as the madness took over and as the tears of mirth ran down his face, Darnel also cried, for himself, his little sister and the boy Gideon who Gath talked about constantly.  Gideon is as dead as I be, he just don’t know it yet, Darnel thought as he let his silent tears fall.


Chapter 18
Tales Told of Slaves


Mayan smiled at the two young men as they talked in low voices, her ear again catching the unfamiliar tones and inflections in Jed’s speech.
‘He’s changed Gran,’ she sighed.
‘No dear, tis the army, ‘e’s become more rounded tis all an’ e’s growing up, e’s still the same boy,’ she said matter of factly, as she handed Mayan another pile of clothing but she could not help but notice the dark circles under Jed’s eyes.
‘No, I’m first in line,’ stated Gideon calmly after he heard Jed’s tale for the umpteenth time, he watched Mayan as she helped his grandmother pack up their things.  The memory of her lying pale and still with Toby forcing himself on her fragile body remained with him.  ‘Fer all e’s dun, I’m gonna kill ‘im mesel’,’ he added, turning to his friend.  Jed stared at Gideon, astonished at his friend’s calm acceptance of his own treacherous behaviour.
‘I tried to kill you Gid; I would ‘ave done.’  Jed replied, his feelings of shame and guilt edging every word.  ‘I should ‘ave known you would never ‘ave ‘urt ‘er.  I’ll make it up to yer though, I swear it,’ he vowed, placing his head in his hands.
‘Yer wouldn’t ‘ave killed me Jed, yer love me too much…’ Gideon replied with a grin as he punched his brother on the shoulder.  ‘Besides, what brothers d’yer know that don’t fight now an’ again, an’ we ain’t ‘ome yet, iffen what the twins say is true I’m gonna be ill again ‘afore we get there an’ yer wouldn’t ‘urt a sick man would yer!’  Gideon laughed ruefully at the sudden expression of abject misery apparent on his brother’s face.
‘The village... ‘By the Journey’ Gid; Jackie…ma an’ da…’ quickly Jed began to explain about the villagers but Gideon stopped him.
‘We should all ‘ear about this I reckon,’ he said and called the company together.  Again, the parlour took on the cramped feel it had had earlier in the day.  Quickly and quietly Jed explained to the entire company about his parents and the villagers he had seen the day before, each of them in chains, each destined to be sold at the slave markets in Devilly.  Sonal, hearing the news paled, seeing the truth of his vision of so long ago.
‘It’s been Toby all along then,’ said Jed, as he looked at Lemba.  She nodded in agreement flashing her fingers fast.
‘What’s she saying Jed?’  Gid asked, trying to smile at the tiny girl and feeling his brother’s love for her.
‘She says Gath ordered Toby to get you, to do what he wanted with the village but to get you.’
‘What am I, who am I, that a man would do this ter so many people?’  Gideon asked quietly, a bell started ringing in the deep recesses of his mind.  Someone has said that to me recently, who was it?, Gideon asked himself as another voice broke his thoughts.
‘I believe the answer to that question lays in Green Home Forest my boy,’ replied Sonal, Varan nodded his head in agreement.  ‘We must go there as soon as possible, Gath will have felt us using magic in the woods and he will come.  Mark my words he will come,’ he added solemnly.
‘I...I can’t go Gideon, please don’t make me…,’ Gideon’s grandmother pleaded, looking at her husband.
‘We can’t stay ‘ere love,’ he replied, unhappy at the obvious distress his wife was feeling.  ‘We killed the king’s soldiers an’ iffen we don’t leave with the others…’ he began.
‘But not ter the Forest, yer knows ‘ow I feel about that forest…’ his wife interrupted.
‘Mrs Green,’ began Jayson suddenly, ‘we can go to Devilly, my mother’s sister lives there,’ he said, adding enthusiastically, ‘we’ll be able to see the villagers at the slave markets there too an’ be near enough to help them.’
‘NO...’ said Gideon’s father, rather more forcefully than he intended, ‘Jayse, yer’d give up me parents ter Gath, I know it, I’ll kill yer first…’ he said menacingly.
‘Forgive me Jed, but actually it’s a good idea,’ Rhoàld broke in, forestalling an angry Jed from further outbursts, he smiled apologetically at Gideon’s father, before adding, ‘Gath will never be able to find them, ask young Jed how long he spent trying to find Varan.’
Rhoàld had become stronger over the short time spent in the cottage, he glowed with health and his mind at last felt his own.  No longer could he feel Gath growing insidiously like a weed in his head.  He had listened as both Varan and Sonal talked of the wood and had questioned Jayson intently on his experience in the barn.  If, like Gideon, his blood appeared hidden from Gath by the wood of Green Home he knew as soon as he moved outside the influence of the cottage and grounds, Gath would be able to seek him once more but without the compulsion he could once convey.  He fully intended to ask Varan how to shield the strange blood flowing through his veins, after all until now he had never known he had it, but for the moment and whilst he could, he would help these people with his own unique skills.
Discussions lasted into the evening as one by one as possible solutions were explored and rejected, eventually it was decided that Dotty along with Gideon’s parents and Jayson would travel to Devilly to stay with Jayson’s aunt, her own home was still there and vacant in any case and it had shielded her before.  She also knew people of the blood in Devilly who could help hide the family if the need arose and although she did not much warm to the idea of returning so soon, she could see the reasoning behind it, too large a party travelling to Green Home Village at this time would attract unwelcome attention.  She smiled at Gideon’s father shyly and warmed as he smiled back.  Gideon, along with the rest of the party would travel on to Green Home and to the forest.  Young Jed, torn between the need to rescue his family from slavery and staying with Lemba decided on the latter, Rhoàld using diplomacy and tact made Jed realise his presence amongst the group going to Devilly would endanger them further.  He was, after all a deserter from the Derovian Armed Forces and well known about town.  There was also the suggestion that Gath could possibly use him to get to Gideon because of their shared blood.
‘We’ll watch out for your family as best we can Jed,’ said Dotty trying to ease his worry.
‘We’ll get ‘em back ‘ave no fear, them an’ the rest of the villagers an’ iffen we can’t then we’ll die trying,’ offered Gideon’s grandfather angrily, ‘Good King Gath has a lot ter answer fer,’ he added, looking at Lemba knowingly.  Lemba blushed; Dotty had explained Lemba’s inability to speak the previous evening, when Gideon senior had mistakenly tried shouting at her thinking she was deaf.
With the decisions made, the company began to drift off to bed, Gideon, struggling to stay awake finally succumbed to his weary body and was the first to say goodnight.  As Dotty rose to follow the others, Varan stopped her.
‘Dotty…, would you have any objection to Lemba receiving back that which is rightfully hers?’  He asked.  Dotty looked at Varan with a puzzled expression on her face.
‘I don’t understand,’ she replied and looking at Lemba she asked, ‘do I have something of yours Lem?’  Lemba looked as puzzled as her sister did, Varan smiled gently at the two women.  ‘Lemba is going to be in great danger; Gath will almost certainly follow Gideon here and on to Green Home.  Now might be a good time to return the gift you have held secure and safe since you were both children,’ he said.  Dotty’s hands flew to her face.
‘Your magic Lems, he means your magic.’  She said, ‘of course she can have it back, what must I do?’
Dotty sat on the sofa her hands holding Lemba’s own tightly.  She remembered the night she had received the gift and Lemba’s tiny frame that was tortured with dreams.
 ‘Don’t be afraid, this was always yours Lemba.’  She said as she smiled at her beloved sister and kissed her cheek.  The twins, Sonal and Varan held forearms above them, slowly Sonal began to sing, his usual singsong mumbling voice now obviously a thing of the past as he held his brother.  His tune was sorrowful, yet a hint of hope could be heard like a blackbird singing just before the dawn or a child’s smile in the face of the rain.  Varan’s voice joined in, calling the root of the magic to open to them.  The tunes began to wax and wane like a silver moon and pulsed with power, Rhoàld, still sitting across the room watched in awe as he felt his blood begin to rush around his body, his breathing quickened and he began to ‘see’.
Until he had been cut with Gath’s knife, he had not realised that his blood was any different from anyone else’s, although he had always felt gifted in that he could usually reason with people to do exactly what he wanted them to do, apart from with Gath that is, he thought as he tried to rationalise what was happening.  As the music filled the air, he watched as everyone in the room began to emanate a golden light, an aura softly glowing and pulsing with the song.  The song continued and some of the lights began to change, fascinated, he held his hand before his face and compared the glow from his own body to that of the others and eventually he realised their various auras were different.  From Sonal and Varan who glowed like the sun in a clear blue sky to Jed and his father, whose auras were faint and coloured in an entirely different way but all were shining and pulsing like a second skin, young Jed’s being different again.  Lemba was the exception, her body remained, as it always was, beautiful and silent and he wondered absently how Gideon’s aura would look.  The radiant lights looked fragile and yet beautiful, every colour of the rainbow shimmered and pulsed as they were teased from within by the melodious song.  The lights shimmered and danced as they twirled and spun, all moving in accord, the song seemed to go on and on as the twins sang.  Suddenly a second light seemed to rise from Dotty as she added her voice to the song, stepping up the quality of the harmonies.  Her voice lifted the lights, and the pattern of the dancing changed.  What had been slow and gentle suddenly became faster and more focused, another voice, a voice Rhoàld recognised, Bastian, he thought and smiled as his beloved began to sing in the ether, changing the chords of the music once more, a depth unheard for a very long time.
Colours spun and split as the music weaved and glided, intertwining and separating as the individual notes blended and encouraged the ambient sounds to change pitch and character.  The tones changed from whispering caresses to angry demands as Rhoàld’s blood flowed faster and faster, suddenly, he found himself joining in with the song, his deep bass voice joining as one with perfect harmony in a song he knew he had never heard in his life before and in a language, he did not understand.  As they sang, the room itself began to glow, power unheard of burst through the doors filling the house and grounds with light and music.
Gideon lying fast asleep in his bed above the lounge saw the song in his dreams, he heard the music and felt the notes that were missing and unconsciously he hummed the accompaniment.
Downstairs, Dotty’s second light glowed stronger and suddenly broke from her body, finally free it rushed around the room creating new sounds for the song, new patterns for the dance.
Lemba, hearing only the beautiful music felt empty, the rapturous faces of the people she had grown to love all around her filled her with envy, she closed her eyes to hide her thoughts.  She wanted to see what they saw, feel as they did, to be loved as they were.  Silent tears ran down her face as the beautiful music called to her very soul.  Suddenly she gasped as the lights surrounded her body forcing her to open her eyes in wonder and as if a curtain had lifted, she saw the lights and the colours as they swirled around her enveloping her like a beautiful but diaphanous shroud.
The song drew to a crescendo as the lights intensified again as they drew closer and closer, suddenly they disappeared and she sighed, knowing she would never see the like again.  Her skin began to itch as her blood pounded in her ears, her heart beat to the song as her blood raced around her body and at last she ‘saw’ the others around her as if for the first time.  Their own lights swirled and played in ever decreasing circles as if exhausted, why, she thought when she was so full of energy and wanted to sing, to shout her joy from the rooftops.  Why does everyone not feel as I do?  Her heart beat to its own song and her body tingled, she had never felt that something in her was missing but now, somehow now, she felt complete, as her stub of tongue began to itch and tingle she released Dotty’s arms and opened her eyes wider in shock.  She had had no feeling in her tongue since Gath had so roughly cut it out when she was but a child, she put her hand up to her mouth hoping… but no; the stub was still just that, the rough end of a useless piece of dead flesh in her mouth.  Her eyes watered in disappointment and hastily she blinked her tears away.  Jed, she thought as she saw him watching her as intently as a mother would a child making its first steps.  Jed was standing across the room and as she looked at him, she could feel the love he was offering her, his need to protect her and her heart warmed sadly at the sight of his worn face and the growing dark circles under his eyes.  She saw his shame and guilt at his actions toward his brother and his worry for his family.
‘I love you,’ his fingers told the tale.
‘I love you too, always and all ways,’ she flashed back as she rose to meet him.  His arms closed around her and her life was complete.


Chapter 19
Gath Leaves Devilly


Gath rode with his entourage out of the city, the city of Devilly that had been his home for so very, very long.  Now, today I am beginning my journey home, he thought, after so many years trapped with no magic on a planet where life spans are counted in moments.
‘Home,’ he said aloud, in his heart, he had always known this day would come.  He could not remember how many lives he had lived or how many times he had tried to sire a daughter.  With Lydia’s birth, he had finally known the end of his exile was drawing near.  Until her birth his own magic and his memories of home, of Arotia had slowly eroded as the blood in his host body drew further and further away from the blood that had run through his veins when he had been born, so long ago on Arotia.
On Lydia’s death, his world had collapsed.  Many times over the years, he had looked at his burgeoning young daughter and thought her ready for him but prudence held him back, his best chance of success was with her as a woman.  Therefore, he had waited until her sixteenth birthday and had taken her then, she of course had been frightened and hurt but she had not understood his need of her.  Only as it became obvious that she was with child had Gath left her physically alone, he remained as always, solicitous of her every need and desire but the pregnancy made her an object of fragility, after all, he believed her child would be his salvation and nothing that could endanger that would be permitted.
From her first years, Lydia was frightened of her father and his intensity around her and he allowed her no friends other than the maidservants he chose, so she grew into a solitary young woman, happy to be on her own in the great castle libraries or in the palace gardens.  Gath considered this fitting and left her to her own devices provided she always had her maid with her, the maid that would report to Gath directly on any of his daughter’s needs.
As she grew, she craved the company of people other than her father’s successive chosen companions.  Her attempts to be friendly with other servants employed in the castle always seemed to come to nothing as her ‘current guardian’ thwarted each tentative offer of friendship but despite the girl’s best efforts, Lydia did meet and become friendly with one of the garden lads.  The maid duly reported the friendship to the king and surprisingly, Gath allowed it to stand.
Just before Lydia’s fateful birthday, her father had her likeness commissioned by a renowned artist.  She sat for the portrait quietly and patiently, enjoying the scenes and the memories playing out in the artist’s head.  Never allowed out of the castle alone and never having travelled far, her interests in the known world had had to be satisfied by the books she read and the tales servants told her.  Until that is, she discovered she could also read the minds and memories of people in her father’s employ.  Over the years she became very good at it but kept her ability a secret from everyone around her, this, a habit born of necessity as everything she did or said she knew was reported directly to her father.  His mind she was never able to read, his remained blank and though she often tried, there always a barrier of some kind.
On the evening of her birthday she knew something had changed with the king, his intensity around her had been increasing and throughout the day she had caught him looking at her with such concentration on his face that it made her shake with fear.  At her birthday dinner, he decreed she was now an adult and had given her a glass of foul tasting wine.
‘To celebrate you’re becoming an adult,’ he said, as she finished the wine and accompanied him to his rooms to retrieve a special gift he had inadvertently left there.  Lydia went with him gladly; knowing that her day was soon to be over and she could retire to her own rooms and be alone.
That night though, Gath had taken her forcibly and repeatedly, he kept her in his rooms and used his now enhanced magically ability to change the perception of servants who knew her.  They saw only a king’s whore in his bed and their ears seemed deafened to pleas for help.  After the repeated rape and the princess’s resulting pregnancy became apparent, Gath ensured that the blame be directed at the garden boy’s door, the only friend Lydia had ever been allowed.  She pleaded for her friend’s life relentlessly until one day frustrated by her constant whining; Gath struck out at her, knocking her to the floor.  In his horror at his action and the possible damage done to the unborn child, he left himself unguarded for the first time and as she lay stunned from the blow, she subconsciously sought to read his mind.  His concern for the unborn child left him weak and vulnerable with his mind open to assault as he searched for any sign of damage he may have inflicted from his violent blow, so Gath was completely unaware as his daughter went deeply into his psyche.
In an instant, Lydia saw his memories flowing before her like a running tap, each memory deeper and darker than the last; she saw his long and many lives, the deaths he had caused and his love of all that was violent.  She saw the memory of darkness, hiding away inside him awaiting the time to claim his soul.  She saw an old man laying beneath a tree a knife in his body, blood pooling beside him.  The injured man mumbled, pointing unsteadily at the person whom Lydia knew to be Gath, her father but looked nothing like the man she now knew so intimately and loathed so fully.
Then she saw her mother, pale, exhausted and beautiful, looking at her lovingly and as Gath nodded, her mother’s face changed as her throat was sliced open, dark red blood flowing fast into a large bowl held by a man who frowned sadly, Rhoàld, it was Rhoàld!  She recognised him as tears fell from his eyes just as Gath took her from her mother’s dying arms and held her to him laughing.  She saw the future and his intention toward her, his only daughter, Gath wanted her child, she was to die as she birthed him the way her mother had died birthing her.  In the back of her mind, Lydia began to plan her escape from that moment; Gath would not use her child the way both she and her mother were used.
After pulling the garden boy’s tongue to prevent the truth from being exposed, Gath had the boy publically executed for rape.  The dead boy’s father knowing the truth of his son’s friendship bravely sought out the princess, who for once came into the gardens alone and he promised to help her if the need ever arose.
Gath and his willingness to accept a bastard child into his family, the child of a rapist and a servant at that, was once more seen by the people of Derova and the surrounding kingdoms as the act of a generous and loving monarch.  The dead boy in their opinion had seen justice at its best.
When Lydia had run away, Gath’s powers had once again slowly begun to fail him and although he sent teams across the country looking for his daughter, each following his weakening seeker spells and verbal instruction he found nothing.  Finally, she disappeared, he could neither see, nor feel her in the ether that was becoming faint and difficult for him to enter once more.  Then, he knew she was dead and taken his salvation with her.
Now, just as Lydia had disappeared so long ago, so Rhoàld too had vanished taking Lemba with him.  Gath did not understand, he had taken Rhoàld’s blood and should have been able to locate him wherever he was hiding and he had indeed once, his seeker had found him far away across the hills and at the time, it amused him to think Rhoàld believed he was getting away but now there was nothing.  Rhoàld was gone, he could feel his skin beginning to age and he needed either Rhoàld’s blood or the boy Gideon, so he could become truly young in body once more.
He looked across at Darnel as he rode beside him, would Darnel appreciate a younger body to play with, he thought as an image of Gideon rose in his mind.  Though even Gideon with his pure blood seemed able to hide himself from him at will, Gideon’s magic was untrained, without the knowledge and the training required the magic would simply explode out of Gideon killing and destroying indiscriminately.  He could not possibly have learnt enough control in the last few weeks, Gath thought.
His mind drifted back once more to a time after Lydia’s death, when he had felt lost, his ability to feel the magical blood of his people deteriorating and his manhood failing fast alongside it, the way it had in the desolate years before he had found Lena.  He remembered one time after her death when he had felt the call though and so strongly he had left to castle to seek the source, desperate as he was, he walked the streets of Devilly night after night until dawn, as he followed the song.  Sweet and pure it beckoned him come, promising youth and vitality, then almost a week after it started, the call stopped as if it had never been.  He remembered venting his frustration on numerous inhabitants of the dungeons ensuring their last journey began painfully.
‘Jed Brewster.’  Gath voiced the name aloud; he had not felt the call of the blood again until he had met the innkeeper’s son.  Darnel seated on a horse beside his lord looked at him questioningly.  Gath said no more, returning to his thoughts and pleased at the reprieve Darnel returned to his own.  I should have known, Gath thought, remembering the way Jed’s blood had screamed at him, blood brother to my own son, again, his thoughts drifted.
The prisoner, the man from the bleak, the dirty man from the dungeon, almost an animal when he had first arrived in chains, Hackman too had betrayed him, allowing the creature to escape but not before Gath had acquired the tattoo.  The tattoo on the prisoner’s back had called to him just as the magic did, it had spoken to him from the start, there was just something about it, it struck a deep chord in his mind, resonating and shaking up his memories.  The man’s cell carvings had finally been the catalyst; he finally remembered why the two images struck him so.  The Great Chamber of Justice, part of which was drawn in ink on the man’s back and a huge hexagonal crystal standing tall in the fore front of the tattoo and then the whole chamber painstakingly represented on the solid stone walls of the cell.  From the twelve great pillars to the crystal-topped throne, someone somewhere knew the way home.
The man had come from ‘The Bleak’, captured as he tried to escape its boundaries, it makes sense, he thought, I arrived on this world at the bleak.
Gath had arrived on earth through the gateway from Arotia, welcomed by the sight of a blue sky and a crystal-clear lake.  Trees and grasses had been thick and green, the whole valley had been teeming with life and vitality, Themos and Thaddrick chose the area for that reason I’m sure.  He thought, surprised that he could remember both their names after so long.
‘Thaddrick, be dammed to hell on this world or the next, I will get home.’  Gath said his voice loud and full of steel as a vision of his last encounter with Thaddrick came unbidden to his mind.
He twisted in his saddle to take a last look at Devilly Castle knowing his last and he hoped final instructions would be carried out to the letter.  Gath wanted every contingency covered even to his failing to return home to Arotia.  If by some chance I do fail, well, I have somewhere to return to, he reasoned.  Returning his gaze to the road ahead, Gath felt discomfort in his neck, he had slept badly and his neck was painful and stiff.  In his mind, he could feel his body aging; he needed blood but since Rhoàld had disappeared, his need could not be sated, his paranoia returned with a vengeance.  Betrayal had originally marooned him on this accursed world, Astin’s betrayal and then Rhoàld betrayed him with Bastian before running away, he ran knowing that I need his blood in order to survive, he thought angrily, just like Lydia ran...  Lydia had also betrayed him by taking away his salvation and without the blood or the child; Gath believed he would never return home, he would grow old… and die.  Gath’s thoughts had turned full circle.
Morosely he watched as the horses snorted loudly, sending plumes of hot white breath, billowing out into the cold crisp air, dissipating quickly only to be replaced by another and another, each breath aging the animals a little more, just like me, he thought.  By the journey, I want to be young again!  His thoughts screamed at him.  Glancing behind, he saw Darnel, alone like a god atop his steed and almost hidden by the huge cloak he wore, Gath massaged his neck with his free hand thinking he would order a stop soon.  The young man would be able to ease his tension, perhaps he would order the carriage drawn up and he and Darnel could retire to its warmth and its furs.  The caravan could continue without him at its head, yes, that’s it, we will retire now, he thought as he called for a slight halt whilst he dismounted and signalling for Darnel to follow, he made his way to the waiting carriage.
The caravan continued on its way, heading toward Green Home Village by way of Branton Town.  That was the direction that his son’s outburst had come from and by now he believed Toby would have him.  Once I meet up with Hollins and have Gideon, no, have become Gideon, I’m heading with my men into the bleak.  He thought, it had begun there so many years ago and he was sure now that from there he would find his way home.


Chapter 20
The Latticework Coffin


‘We must travel light and fast, I don’t know how long Gideon will be able to hold out from the sickness once we are away from here,’ said Varan, as the group gathered the next morning.
‘It’s a shame we can’t take the protection of the forest with us,’ muttered Sonal in return as Gideon’s grandfather suddenly grinned.
‘Iffen I may ‘ave a word in private gentlemen,’ he said smiling as Dotty’s party in their hastily loaded carriage called love and goodbyes as they set off down the road.  Gideon’s father turned as he walked into the cottage, he stood and watched as Jayson drove away the carriage carrying his parents and Dotty.  As he watched, Dotty raised a hand in a good-bye that seemed directed only at him.  The colour crept up his neck as he called out.
‘I’ll be with all o’ yer as soon as I can be Dotty…’ he shouted, surprising himself at the depth of his affection for the young woman.
‘I know you will and I’ll wait for you...’ she replied faintly, waving once more.  The carriage moved on, finally moving out of sight and for the first time since his wife had died, Gideon’s father felt his heart lurch as it disappeared from view.
‘Silly old fool, she’s young enough ter be me daughter…’ he mumbled to himself as he turned away to re-enter the house.
Between preparing the abandoned military horses for the three-day ride and loading a number of planks of Green Home wood to the cargo, Varan and Sonal took the time to marvel at the carvings inside the barn.  The warm wood seemed alive and comforting, inspiring trust and friendship.
‘The forest must be a very special place Sonal, to inspire such love as this,’ said Varan, as he carefully ran a hand over the warm wood.
‘It is brother; it’s been my home now for many years.  I believe it’s been the dictate of my destiny,’ he added, looking meaningfully at Varan.  Over the last few days he had begun to realise, Gideon was at the heart of a lot more than just prophecy.
‘Military horses are such useful creatures,’ smiled Sonal as he tied yet another plank of wood to the side of the animal so conveniently left behind by the soldiers, the horses were calm and obedient as the stores were loaded on to the animals amongst the wood.  Then finally, all was ready.  Sonal warned Gideon to inform them the moment he felt ill and he and Mayan climbed onto the back of a horse, Jed and Lemba also mounted a horse together leaving Jed, Rhoàld, Sonal and Varan to ride separately.
Just prior to the party setting off the elder twins walked around the cottage and grounds holding each other, singing and gesticulating as they cast spells of warding and protection.  Gideon watched them thinking of the way his father always placed the stones on the cairns of his family before leaving home for any length of time and Jed, seeing his son frowning, crossed to him.
‘Gid lad, we be goin’ ‘ome, it’ll all be fine now, I know it.’  Gideon shuddered as his father lifted his hand from his shoulder.  Somehow, he knew this was not over yet.
As the day wore on Lemba saw the world with a different awareness.  At first, Jed talked to her, telling her what he knew of the slave markets in Devilly and the plight of the Green Home families travelling toward the same fate.  Gradually though, as Lemba could not reply and the talking remained one sided, the conversation drifted and slowed, leaving each to their own thoughts.  Jed became quiet and morose, now no longer even attempting to converse, his thoughts were with the suffering of his parents, the villagers and his own attempt on Gideon’s life.  Lemba thought of the pretty box with its grizzly contents that she held securely in her jerkin and she sighed as she wound her arms around Jed’s waist.
She held him tightly, offering as much comfort and love as she could, she could feel his sorrow and worry just as she had seen it the night before in the cottage.  She closed her eyes and rested her head against his back listening to his heart beating and the blood pumping around his veins.  Exploring further and found she could feel the blood in the horse between her knees, the power in its muscles, there, quivering just waiting to be unleashed.  She could almost see the thoughts in its head, jumbled, full of grass and wind.  Expanding her sight further, she could feel the life and the hearts of birds in the sky above her, the magic of the world felt as if it was hers to command and she loved the way it made her feel, all glowing and strong.
Opening her eyes once more, she looked around at her companions, all of them seemed to have an aura; she could feel them close by and strong.  Still experimenting with her newly found power, she closed her eyes and tried to see through the magic and knowing roughly whereabouts around her, her friends physical bodies were; she began to search for them.  As she searched, she could feel varying degrees of strength all around, from the sap drawing up the boles of the trees as they slept through the cold to tiny pulses of life she could identify as animals hibernating nearby and then there was the fast, furious heartbeats of the birds overhead.  Magic is everywhere, she thought as she once more she squeezed Jed, wishing he could join her in her exploration; she felt his aura close and comforting before her, again felt the horse under her and reached out further.  Two almost identical pulses both powerful and strong but complete opposites, two sides of one whole, Sonal and Varan, their hearts beating as one, Varan seemed linked to Jed somehow and through Varan, Sonal, confused, she  tried hard to follow the faint traces of life flowing between the pair.
As she tried to go deeper into their minds to find the source of the link, she suddenly hit a wall.
‘Lemba my dear,’ a voice in her head seemed to smile at her.  Her eyes flew open and she looked up in surprise, suddenly aware Varan was looking at her and knew she had been trying to read his mind.
‘It’s really not polite to pry into other people’s minds without permission.’  He smiled at her to take the sting from the words and added.  ‘Do not explore too deeply, there is much for you to learn and the power can be dangerous, we will talk more when we stop.’  Sonal turned and smiled at her too and once again, she realised that they both knew she had inadvertently been prying.  Closing her eyes once more, she noted that the both twins’ minds were now shut off from her and she could no longer feel their presence, unperturbed, she continued her search.  She thought of Rhoàld and his past kindnesses as her probing found him.  He was at first hard to read, hard to see, something was stopping her, it was not a barrier like the one that had suddenly shut the twins off but there was something.  She tried harder and all at once, she was through, Rhoàld seemed to glow with a pale light and she felt the sadness somehow tinged with joy.  Strangely, she noticed a second glowing presence surrounding him, faint and insubstantial but pearly and shining.  She touched it and felt the love it held for the man it encompassed.
‘Bastian,’ she whispered with her mind to the ethereal form.  Bastian seemed to turn and smile at her before covering Rhoàld once more, so feeling like an intruder witnessing a private act she turned away and sent her probes further into the ether.  Jed, Gideon’s father was there, strong and grave.  His natural earth magic kept him going, not magic in the way a spell caster would weave threads but in the way of a man who knows and loves nature, of life and natural things, a bird on the wing or a fish swimming against the current to spawn and die in the place it had been born.  She could feel his love for the trees and the creatures of the woods, she could see trails of energy flowing out all around him, his blood was of the earth and fields and the same pulses that she had felt in the trees and animals were there in Jed too. So very different from the twins or Rhoàld, different even from my Jed, she thought as she squeezed his middle and wondered at his taut muscles.  She smiled as she realised Jed had no idea that she was prying and she grinned to herself as she thought of Varan telling her off the way he had.
The effort it took for her to read people was becoming easier as she continued to practice and again she wished she could share the experience with Jed, as she thought of him, his heartbeat changed and in alarm, she sent herself back into him.
Jed was thinking of his sister and the lies Toby had told him, then what he himself had almost done to Gideon on the strength of those lies, his thoughts were dark and cloudy, full of malice and hatred for Toby, with guilt and loathing for himself.  Lemba felt her own mood changing as the strength of Jed’s dark energies spread from him like a virus spreading a nasty fever.
She began to think of Jed himself trying to lighten his mood as an image of her kissing him came into her mind, her licking his lips with a tiny pink tongue, one hand playing in his hair and the fingers of the other running down his chest parting his chest hairs with her nails.  Her thoughts became hot and unfocused as she continued, she could see them both naked on a large soft bed, his muscles rippling beneath her.  She could feel his energies changing once more as his thoughts joined hers and seemed to take over; Lemba blushed at the ideas that were running through his head.  Hastily, she pulled away from his mind allowing his fantasy to run its course.  Glad that she had been able to lift the dark depression that lurked so closely beneath the surface, Jed seemed to want to punish himself for not believing in Gideon, she was going to have to watch him she decided.  Gideon, where are you?  She thought as she sent her probes out again.  She could not see him physically as he was on the other side of Jed and she was facing away but she knew he was there with Mayan behind him just as she was behind Jed.  At once, her head began to ache and she felt sick, she could not get near to Gideon or Mayan without feeling very ill.  Something is wrong, she thought as she withdrew into herself.  Physically she pulled away from Jed’s back and tried to draw his attention by touching his hand, tenderly and still in the throes of his fantasy; he stroked her hand lovingly in return.  Frustrated and worried she sent her probe back toward Varan.
‘Varan,’ she screamed, unsure of whether she could get past his barriers.  ‘Varan, its Gideon…, something is wrong with Gideon!’  Varan’s head snapped round to Gideon, seeing him sitting quietly with his eyes closed with Mayan sleeping soundly against his back as the horse ambled onward, he looked questioningly at Lemba.
‘Why do you say that my dear?’  She heard his voice deep inside her head, comforting and smooth as he replied and he looked deeply puzzled.
‘I feel sick if I try to get near him, my head hurts and I can’t ‘see’ something feels… bad… wrong… I don’t know, it’s just I have this feeling…’ she babbled on as Varan turned to Sonal.
‘How are you feeling Gideon?’  Sonal asked as he studied Gideon and felt nothing unusual in the ether, he walked his horse a little closer to the boy.  Gideon lifted his eyes to his friend, blue eyes, dark with pain and suffering, looked back at Sonal and he answered quietly.
‘Me ‘ead ‘urts a bit Sonal, but I’ve not said as May’s asleep.  I feel sick again too,’ he added as his skin seemed to turn slightly green and pasty looking, Sonal mumbled a few words and looked into the roots of the magic surrounding the boy; he gasped and looked back at Lemba briefly as a puzzled expression crossed his face.  Quickly, he turned back to Gideon and reaching behind him, lifted the sleeping girl from the back of the horse.
‘Wake child,’ he commanded and placed her rather unsteadily on the ground.  ‘Varan,’ he called, as he helped Gideon climb shakily down, ‘it’s started, get the box,’ he added as he too, climbed from his horse.
Gideon stood beside his horse swaying and with his head pounding, a solid band drawing closer and tighter squeezing and straining against his skull.  The pressure behind his eyes forced him to close them tightly as he feared in his pain they may pop out of his skull like a chick from an egg.  His body somehow felt too small for him and his skin too tight, everything hurt.  His mouth suddenly filled with saliva and his throat constricted pumping bile from deep within his gut.  It stung his throat and began dribbling down his chin as fire licked at his guts, burning him up from the inside out, he fell to his knees and threw up struggling to draw breath as his stomach vented and retched even after it was empty.  As the pain drew toward a crescendo Gideon again thought he was going to die and his world began to turn black.  Somewhere behind him, above the fierce uncoordinated sounds in his head he could hear Mayan sobbing and Jed, his brother shouting at the elder twins to do something.
‘It’ll be all right boy, yer jus’ need ter ‘old on...’ he heard his father say from somewhere above him as he and the twins worked quickly with the dark wooden planks.
‘Da… ‘elp me…’ Gideon began as his breath left his lungs and he fainted.
‘Jed, it looks like a coffin,’ whispered young Jed as a box began to take shape; he was frightened for his friend and again, reminded of what he had tried to do.
Suddenly Gideon was outside his body looking back, pain free and light, he watched the scene playing out before him dispassionately.  The elder twins, Varan and Sonal were slotting the wooden planks together firmly and quickly.  Both he and the younger twins had asked what the planks were for as they were loaded onto the hapless horses but had not received any answers and in their eagerness to get home, they had let the matter drop.  Now though, with the planks reassembling, Gideon recognised the wooden chest his grandfather had shown him just days ago, the first piece of furniture his father had ever made.  As he watched, the scene below him quickly disappeared amidst a chaotic mass of colour.
The colours surrounding his friends were fiery and red with sickly flashes of yellow and green building in depth and hue from the centre, each successive colour growing like a cancerous tumour.  The unbalanced colour left him feeling sick in his stomach even though he knew he was no longer in his corporeal form.  Somehow Gideon knew he, he was creating this madness, this angry chaotic disruption in the ether and it was building, growing with voracious intensity, he had never seen such power, had not known that this was inside him and he was frightened.
“By the Journey’, who am I?’  He asked, terrified at the ferocity in which the warring colours were straining for release and for Mayan, her tiny figure almost lost in the anarchic mass below, he could not see her face but it broke his heart to think she would be crying and scared.  As the box was completed, he watched in horror as Lemba threw in a pillow and a blanket before Jed and his father gently lifted his unconscious body and laid it inside.  Varen and Sonal holding the lid placed it on top of the box sealing the wooden creation closed.  I must be dead, he thought, as the lid closed over his body and lay in the road like an elaborately carved coffin.
Lemba watched the scene unfolding before in her in awe, she could see the mass of violent colour and hear the terrible sounds echoing and resounding through her head, bouncing off the people and objects in its way and exploding in her ears.  She stared at the others in horror as they rushed about seemingly oblivious to the growing danger.  As her Jed took Gideon’s arm, she opened her mouth to scream at him, to tell him to get away, to run away as far and as fast as possible from the horror, that Gideon was becoming.  She turned her face toward the horse she was holding and pushed it into the horse’s warm flank, mourning the loss of her tongue once more as she covered her ears with her hands trying to block out the sound as well as her sight.  Her teeth sank into her lip unnoticed as she felt the magic pulsing and intensifying with each beat of Gideon’s heart, wave after wave washing over her, drowning her.  She could feel herself pulled toward it, an unstoppable power dragging her in as she fought against it clawing and spitting.  Silently she screamed for help as she pushed herself harder against the horse feeling the small box sewn into the lining of her clothes digging into her ribs reminding her she was alive herself and not just a part of Gideon’s magic as the music of the song clashed and jarred.  Each note screeching for attention, there was no harmony, just inconsonant noise, no tune just senseless sound, a cacophony of discord, with spikes and spears of colour fighting and trying to absorb her very soul along with her newfound magic as it fed off her, adding to the abstract chaos multiplying and expanding around her.  The power that was Gideon was alive and uncontrollable as it sought release from his pale and weak form.  She was losing herself, losing her battle to remain free and as the blood pounded in her ears and her heart began to beat in time with Gideon’s she tried to reach for Varan.
As the lid closed upon Gideon, Varan felt Lemba’s call and he looked to her in the ether and saw Gideon through her eyes, again he wondered at her power as he sent himself toward her, calming and drawing her soul back into her body.  Lemba heard the gentle harmony of Varen’s song through the senseless clamour that was holding her.  She tried to draw away from the magic that was Gideon but it held her, the very music of the song had her enthralled, from the chaotic madness to the quiet sleep inducing harmonies of Varan’s tuneful voice.  Through the ether, she could now see the completed box with its tightly fitted lid looking so much like a coffin she wondered if Gideon was indeed dead, not thinking that if he had been the pull from his power would have stopped.
The box clearly was a thing of beauty, a mass of carvings and latticework not unlike the carvings Gideon’s grandfather had shown her in the barn at the cottage.  Swirls and vines intricate leaves and tiny insects.  It shone with a deep rich glow emanating from within the wood itself.  The colours still seeped out through the lines of the box and poured through the latticework lid throwing shapes and patterns through the darkness like a skilfully worked panel of stained glass in the sunlight but as she watched, the warring colours gradually became more muted, not so angry, not quite so violent.  They were calmer and gentle, easier to look upon and shining softly, the music Gideon exuded now from his subconscious was calm and peaceful, full of life and hope.  Pastel colours seeped through the gaps in the latticework lid creating pale rainbows against the darkness, angry reds and purples turned into pale pinks and lilacs, so beautiful that Lemba felt tears ease from beneath her eyelids and soak away into the horse’s coat.  Still she could not draw herself away, the power was like a drug, it held her, intoxicating and terrifying yet she wanted more.  Slowly as the colour dimmed and the noise began to quieten, her headache eased and she no longer felt so sick.  Varan’s song finally caught and surrounded her, she felt herself cut away from the drug that fed her and Lemba found herself again.  She smelt the earthy mustiness of the horses coat and tasted the hot metallic blood on her lip from where she had bitten it as she tried to stop the sounds.
‘Let go of the magic my dear,’ she heard Varan’s voice in her head comforting and peaceful and gradually as she released the power she began to cry, soft silent tears.
In the ether, Gideon became aware of the darkness behind and around him, he could feel the existence of souls, lost souls all rushing toward the disturbance he had inadvertently created, a beacon in the darkness.
‘Where am I?’  He asked, still feeling the presence of others, ‘am I truly dead; is this then the start of my journey?’
‘It could be, if you wished it so.’  He turned toward the beautiful soft voice, a young girl stood next to him, she looked as solid and alive as anyone he had ever known.
I’m dreaming, he told himself, knowing the people in the scene below him were the live ones and he was dead.  The girl, younger than he was himself was tiny, golden blonde hair fell from her head to past her waist and her eyes were like the deepest pools of clear blue water he had ever seen.
‘Do I know yer?’  He asked, ‘yer do remind me of … someone…’ he added and looking into her eyes, was instantly reminded of the last set of beautiful blue eyes he had almost fallen into, in that particular dream he had been holding his unfinished carving and standing with his grandfather.
The girl before him was wearing a long white and blue robe that seemed to float, giving the gown a dreamlike quality, the gown was a similar robe to the one the old man had worn, only a different shade.  The blue of her gown made her eyes sparkle and at her neck, she wore a pendant, a silver amulet holding a piece of crystal that reflected the many colours thrown up by his body far below.  Something about the crystal necklace seemed familiar and instinctively he put his hand to his chest where his own crystal hung against his skin.  Noticing the movement, she smiled warmly at him.  Looking down once more, he was surprised to see how far they had risen away from the people below him.
‘I didn’t say g’bye,’ he said wistfully as he glimpsed Mayan.
‘You did not say goodbye,’ the young girl corrected Gideon’s speech with a smile, as she reached out to stroke his face.  Her fingers were cool and insubstantial like gossamer butterfly wings as they brushed his cheek.  Gideon smiled at her.
‘Somehow, I know I know yer,’ he said, as his attention was drawn back toward his fiancée far below.
‘Tell your father, ‘thank you,’ the lady said as Gideon began to drift back slowly toward his body.
‘Who are yer?’  He whispered as he began to thin and fade.
‘I love you Gideon, I have always loved you,’ he thought he heard as the world went black once more.
As Mayan watched, her twin and Gideon’s father skilfully tied the box gently between two horses and she felt helpless and alone.
‘Oh Gideon…’ she whispered, her voice full of sorrow.
‘It will be all right my dear,’ Sonal said placing his arm around her and hoping he was telling the truth.  He looked over to his brother who was comforting Lemba.
‘I’m not sure how strong you’re magic is, or if you have sufficient control,’ Varen said as he entreated Lemba not to attempt using her magic again.  ‘Looking through the ether is not usually too hazardous but it can be extremely dangerous, especially if you don’t know what you’re doing.  Stay away from it Lemba, at least until we can teach you how to control it.’  Lemba smiled in agreement remembering how badly frightened she had been by the pull of the power inside her and the way it had cleaved toward Gideon as he lay inside the box.  At that moment she had felt as if her very soul belonged in his keeping, an idea that she found most unpleasant, she did not intend to lose herself now, not now she had her Jed.
As the company moved on once more, Varan began to sing softly, occasionally Sonal joined in but for the most part the group remained silent, each holding their own counsel.
Jed was conscious of Lemba holding him fast as she sat behind him, he loved and wanted her deeply but as each stride of the horse took him further away from Devilly and the slave pens, his guilt mounted, they were free whilst his family and their friends were captives.  Toby, he thought silently renewing his vow.  Toby you will pay for each and every hurt they suffer.
Rhoàld travelled at the back of the convoy behind them all, not close to either set of twins and not really knowing Gideon or his father at all, he felt very much an outsider, even with Lemba, but he could see his friend was in love with the young soldier and wished the pair nothing but happiness.  He watched her struggle with her newly returned magic and realised it was as alien to her as his was to him.  Guilt also plagued him as he looked at her, knowing how she had suffered in the past and knowing his own involvement in that suffering had been great, he had helped, albeit unwillingly, as Gath had tortured the child and it was not until he had lost Bastian that he had actively tried to help her.  Before then, he had been too much of a coward.  Again guiltily, he remembered that Bastian himself used to help her more, even to accompanying her on her occasional jaunts outside in the city knowing that punishment would be inevitable should Gath have found out.  In his head, he saw the day that Gath had first seen her, as usual; he had been standing behind Gath as he entered his bedchamber.  Lemba was giggling with her mother and sister as she helped to change the bed, he smiled sadly remembering how beautiful she had been even then and with the sun behind her, she had looked just like Gath’s daughter.
‘Lemba,’ she had said, smiling as she corrected the king, ‘Lemba, not Lydia!’  He remembered how her smile changed after Gath took her tongue and he shuddered remembering Gath ordering him to help hold her down, he, together with the filthy dungeon keeper Hackman.  How he had held her fast until he realised her pain and released her, how Gath ordered him to stand away and watch as Lemba kicked out.
‘Stand over there, if you can’t hold her still.’  The king had ordered, smiling coldly and realising that Rhoàld had deliberately released her legs from their painful hold, thus allowing her the freedom to kick.  He had wanted to stop the king from hurting her but fear had stopped him, fear his lord’s fury would turn to him, so he had just watched, watched, as the beautiful happy child became a beautiful, silent and desperately unhappy young woman.  He felt guilt even as he saw her now, knowing his cowardice had added to her pain, I should have tried harder, he told himself, instead I just detached myself from everyone, everyone that is, except Bastian.  His thoughts turned again to Bastian, the sound of his voice and the feel of his skin, his face cool and serene as he said goodbye for the last time and uttered the prayers for Bastian’s final journey.  He closed his eyes as they began to burn with the hot tears welling up from deep inside him and his heart felt heavy as he realised Bastian’s features, once so dear were now not quite as detailed in his memories as they had once been, he choked back a sob.
‘Look with your heart Rhoàld, not with your head,’ said the voice he remembered so well.  His tears fell as the pain of his loss and of the past months of loneliness engulfed him; he had felt so isolated since Bastian’s murder and so very, very alone.
‘I am here Rhoàld,’ Bastian said, ‘I am always here, open your eyes and see me.’  Rhoàld opened his eyes and found he had slipped into the magic, into the ether; he looked up at Bastian who smiled warmly at him.  ‘I will always be here,’ he said, ‘you will need to help Lemba my love,’ Bastian added as he took Rhoàld’s form into his arms.  Rhoàld smiled at his lover, his insubstantial shape seemed to pass completely through Rhoàld but he felt the love that was still there.
‘Lemba will need you as you will need her.’  Bastian said again, Rhoàld looked around him in the ether as Bastian spoke and for the second time in his life he felt the power draw him.  His skin itched as the magic sang and he stared at Gideon’s box, no longer a coffin it sang with life, colours streaming from it with promise of power and light.  Hundreds of tiny beams where the light slipped through the holes in the latticework, each one lighting up the dark velvety nothing, just like bright torches.  Behind him, the void was growing blacker and denser; it felt threatening and evil.
‘We are close to the void here, the power and the disturbance at the root brings the barrier closer.  You must go back my love; this is not safe to linger without an anchor, without a balance.’  Bastian smiled as Rhoàld looked into his face committing every line and every expression to memory before falling back into his body.
The horse snorted as Rhoàld patted its neck, it had been hard to find the way into the magic but he had done so, he would learn along with Lemba how to control it, how to make it work for him.  Moreover, not in the way that Gath makes it work, he promised himself, I must find the way to achieve a balance, his thoughts concluded as he rode along behind the others, happier than he had been in a long, long time.


Chapter 21
The Clearing


The canvas wall flapped in the wind and pushed at Darnel’s back as Toby gave his report to Gath, he thought the obnoxious man looked uncomfortable and could not believe the change in him.  The sergeant’s hair seemed greyer and his skin had weathered leaving his complexion sallow, almost old.  When Toby had insulted him outside the king’s chambers, he had believed the man to be not much older than he was himself but now, going by the wrinkles alone the man looked to be nearer his thirties.  He could hear them talking about Gideon again and could see Gath’s anger as he questioned Toby about his inability to capture the boy.  Who is this Gideon?  Darnel thought, knowing King Gath talked of him constantly, often telling him how much he would like him and what ‘good times’ they would share together.
He shuddered as he remembered the last good time Gath had shown him, the King had taken him to the dungeons where guards had grabbed him, holding him down and tying his limbs to the alter-like arrangement in the middle of a dingy dirty room with only an oily candle for light.
The new dungeon keeper was a huge man who wore a filthy leather hood that constantly concealed his face but Gath seemed to approve as he greeted the man as a friend.  Although frightened, Darnel knew he was not going to die; he had a feeling they were going to cut away his tongue, just as Lemba had once lost hers.  For weeks, he had heard whispers about Lemba and why she never spoke, until finally, one of the maid’s had spoken to him as she was leaving Gath’s service to get married.
‘Get away from here,’ she whispered as she met him in the corridor, ‘Gath will take your tongue, just as he took Lemba’s,’ she said no more as the guards approached to escort him to his rooms, just as he was escorted everywhere he went then.  Even when Gath allowed him a short visit to his little sister, a guard resplendent in his red, gold and green followed him, he knew then he would never be free, that Gath would use Ffion, his small defenceless sister against him if he tried to get away.  In the dungeon, Gath had requested oh so politely that he offer him his tongue, he smiled at Darnel as he lay on the cold table and bent down to kiss his lips.  Darnel, finally understanding that this was real, turned his face away from his master.
‘My dear boy, I cannot have my body slaves conspiring now, can I,’ Gath said still smiling and leaving Darnel wracking his brains trying to think of a time he had spoken with Lemba.  Then, he remembered with horror his whispered words of sympathy to her as Gath had tried to make her speak and the look Gath had thrown his way.
‘Yer majesty, I’ll not be talking again, I’ll stay silent…please,’ he had begged, with tears burning in his eyes.
‘My dear one, if you let me take your tongue it will heal all the faster, I will be able to heal it for you myself.’  Gath said as he had run a gentle finger down his cheek.  ‘If you fight me, the magic may not take and you may bleed to death.’  Gath explained it all to him as if he were a kindly healer.
Darnel thought of his sister Ffion, working away in the castle kitchens and also knowing she would be a beauty someday, some man would fall in love with her and they would marry and get away from here… he mapped out her life, as he refused to open his mouth and comply with the king’s vile request.
‘Morgan, show my body servant what happens to disobedient slaves,’ Gath said to the hooded dungeon keeper, as a young boy no bigger than Ffion shuffled into the room, dragged by a chain around his waist.  ‘This child was caught stealing and as you can see, he has already lost one hand.  Sadly…’ continued the king, ‘he has not learnt his lesson and has been caught stealing again, for justice to be done he should lose his other hand but I cannot justify burdening the city with yet another beggar.’  Darnel remembered the boy’s tears rolling down his face and mixing from the streams of snot from his nose.
‘Me ma, yer worship,’ the boy had cried, ‘me ma be dying an’ she needed the medicine fer ‘er pain,’ he continued as he wiped his face with his good hand.
‘Well boy she’ll be joining you all the sooner then, won’t she?’ Gath had smiled in reply and nodded at the guard holding the youngster.  The guard grabbed the boy’s hair at the top of his head and pulled back, exposing the dirty throat.  The boy screamed as Gath sliced through the skin and tissue almost severing the child’s head, the guard holding the boy jumped back as blood spouted in a great gush across Gath’s robes, the scream cutting off abruptly as the boy died and his body fell to the floor.
Absently Gath tasted the blood that had sprayed across his mouth.
‘Darnel my dear, I am told your sister took some bread yesterday,’ said Gath coldly as the child’s blood registered nothing and he nodded again, this time toward the dungeon keeper.
The leather-hooded man ripped off the cloth covering Darnel’s modesty and held a pair of pincers over his flaccid manhood.
‘You choose, my dear, your manhood or your tongue, but remember though; you will be no good for me without… without you being whole...  I am sure you understand what I’m saying,’ Gath said.  Darnel turned his head to the side and with his eyes fixed clearly on the dead boy’s cooling body, he stuck out his tongue and the young boy’s blood mingled with his as the knife sliced through it like a hot knife through butter.
‘It’s so much better when we co-operate, don’t you agree?’  Gath smiled as Darnel gagged on his own blood.  ‘I’ll see you soon my dear I am sure,’ he added as the dungeon keeper cut Darnel’s bonds.  Gath took his silken handkerchief and wrapped up Darnel’s tongue placing the wad in his pocket.  ‘I’ll keep it safe for you my dear,’ he said, ‘as a reminder...’ and he walked out of the room.
It had taken a week for the bleeding to stop fully and Darnel had been in the care of the dungeon keeper for all of that time.  Gath never did attempt a healing and as that week ended, Morgan received the order to bathe him before returning him to his room, only this time there was no guard on the door.  The veiled threat to his little sister, whilst he was helpless in the dungeon was as strong a chain as any Gath could forge from iron and on the stand in Gath’s chamber, where once Lemba’s jewelled box had been, now stood a new box, its beautiful casing no match for the ugliness it held.
The canvas flapped noisily, bringing Darnel back from the painful memory as once more the sergeant limped agonizingly toward the tents entrance bending awkwardly to allow his stiff leg to remain straight as he passed through the low opening.  Gath’s face was like thunder as he called for a page to get his horse.
‘Darnel,’ said the king we are going riding.’  Darnel threw a thick robe around his shoulders as protection against the frigid air outside and followed the king out of the tent feeling pathetically grateful Gath had made provision for warm clothing, instead of the usual thin toga.
‘I like easy access to your wonderful body,’ Gath had told him when he had given him the toga.  ‘This is your uniform from now on,’ he said.  Only changing his mind about the uniform when Darnel had gotten so cold he had fallen into a hypothermic state early on in the trip, Darnel had thought he was dying, a thin linen toga and a linen shawl, resplendent, as they were, were no use against a Derovian winter.  On his recovery, Gath had supplied new, warmer clothing comprising of trews, a cotton shirt and a thick leather jerkin.
‘You must not die dear.’  Gath said, as he dressed Darnel himself and stroking his cheek he added, ‘besides, Mayhap a little wrapping will make the gift all the more exciting, don’t you think?’  Darnel did not reply.
Outside the tent, the skies threatened rain and heavy clouds cast a dark feel to the day.  Impatient horses snorted in eagerness as Gath, his greatcoat over his shoulders strode over and clumsily mounted the lively stallion waiting for him.  Darnel followed mounting his own horse with the grace and finesse of an expert, scowling and once more regretting the loss of Rhoàld and his precious blood, Gath turned his horse from Darnel and began to ride away toward the encampment of the elite guard to pick up Toby.
The encampment was buzzing with slavers and soldiers alike, the villagers themselves, were encamped overnight in large tents to avoid the cold as the previous night two children had died, despite efforts to keep them warm.  To minimise further loss the slavers had decided upon both tents and hot food, which the villagers’ gratefully accepted.
Darnel looked across at the people herded like cattle into lines for gruel, a thin porridge that here, cooked in vats on open fires.  He could also see where large earth ovens, U shaped holes in the frozen ground were cooking bread, the smell wafted from them to mingle with the smells of unwashed bodies and stale smell of animals.  I would rather me an’ me sister be with them, he thought, as he watched a young man take a chunk of bread from an iron bucket and pass it to a small girl next to him.
Gath smiled taking a deep breath.
‘Darnel, a benevolent king will always feed his subjects,’ he said, tossing a coin at the baker, ‘the bread smells divine, my man,’ he called as he passed by, ‘send a round or two over to my tent.’
‘Yes, sire,’ replied the baker, a grin revealing a mouth full of decay as he took the coin between his lips to his teeth and attempted to bend it.
Toby stood beside his tent waiting quietly for the king.  Gath had healed his broken leg but healed it badly as a punishment for losing Gideon and he knew he would be in constant pain until Gath saw fit to relieve him of it.  He scowled as he saw the body slave watching him, Darnel felt nothing but pity for the man, knowing that Hollins was as much a slave as he was himself, his pity showed in his expression and Toby hated him for it.
‘Do not say a word Hollins, just show me where man, shown me where…’ Gath said, forestalling Toby as he opened his mouth to speak.  Toby nodded, climbed onto his mount awkwardly and set his horse off the road in the direction of the woods, each jolt and jar of his leg showing on his face until the grimace of pain became almost a permanent feature.  For nearly an hour, the small company rode through the trees until they reached a clearing where Toby stopped and turned his horse to face the king, his face wet with tears of pain.
“Ere me lord, it were ‘ere,’ he said, as he struggled to get down from his horse and sit upon the cold ground.  Thunder rumbled overhead as Toby looked at the clearing where he had had Gideon at his mercy.  I should ‘ave killed ‘im then, he thought as his leg throbbed.  He did not know how Gideon had done whatever he had done but one moment he was inside Mayan and the next he was lying under the tree beside the road, in perfect agony.  Since then he had repeatedly replayed the scene in his head wondering just what had gone wrong.
Gath too dismounted, a look of incredulity on his face, he fell to his knees and thrust his fingers as far as he could into the soil.
“By the journey’, can you not feel the magic in this place?  Can you not feel the life here?’  He whispered.  Darnel looked around the clearing and at first noticed nothing.  The ground was still cold and hard and the trees were still dead and brown but as he looked closer, he could see there were green shoots peeping above the soil and buds trying to form on the stick like branches, the air too felt a little warmer, spring had come to this tiny corner of Derova.
‘My son was here, here, in this place.’ said the king as he walked toward where Toby was nursing his painful leg.  Gath knelt and took Toby’s leg between his two hands as he began to mumble, the air suddenly became cold and Darnel watched sadly as numerous green buds withered and died, clouds of warm air left his mouth and spiralled into the cold winter chill.
Toby was pain free, his eyes lit up as he clasped his king’s hands.
‘Sire, I won’t let yer down again…’ he said, his eyes shining with gratitude.
‘No, sergeant you won’t,’ replied Gath as he stood once more, his face turning toward the denser trees in front of him.
‘Hollins…how close are we to Green Home Village?’  Gath asked abruptly, his eyes boring into Toby who had also risen from the ground and was standing as straight as his stiff leg would allow.
‘By road sire, three days, though it should be quicker across country and riding fast, I reckon they’ll be using the road though,’ he replied, thinking of the carriage he had seen at the Green family’s cottage not far away.  ‘Sire…’ Toby said as a thought burst into his head, ‘Gideon’s grandparents live half a mile from ‘ere, could be they are still there,’ he added, looking anxiously at Gath wanting only to please him.
‘No, I would be able to feel him if he were that close,’ Gath replied.  ‘Come, we go back to the encampment, they are not far ahead of us I can feel the trail heading away, and as you say we’ll like as not meet them on the road.’
The king’s party arrived back at the campsite as the slavers were striking camp and herding the people of Green Home Village back to the road and as the convoy moved slowly away, toward Devilly.  Toby watched them go, people he knew, had known all of his life, he stood and watched the road until the last person disappeared into the distance.  The winter festival was almost upon them and he had done to the villagers what they had done to him nearly three short years ago.  He could still see them, how they laughed and giggled in pity as he had crawled on all fours out of the inn.  Suddenly he raised his fist high into the air at the now empty road and shouted.
‘Oo’s laughin’ now then…  C’mon, oo’s laughin’ now?’  The road stayed silent, as the sky opened and the threatened rain fell hard and fast, Toby continued to stare down the empty road with the drops bouncing off the dirt around him like rubber balls thrown by children.
‘Oo’s laughin’ now?’  He whispered the question again angrily, though no one could hear.


Chapter 22
Tom and Selda Hollins


Gideon, lying uncomfortably in his box for yet another day felt the change as soon as the party passed the Great Oak.
‘Stop, I wanna get out,’ he called but the horses were already stopping, Jed and his father raised the lid of the box and finally Gideon was able to sit up.  Nearly three days in the cramped conditions of his father’s blanket box had left him aching and sore, not to mention hungry and thirsty, personal breaks had been the only reason anyone removed the lid at all.  The company had done their best to get Gideon to eat and drink but once outside of the box, he very soon began to feel sick and ill.
‘I be right as rain now,’ he said as the heavens opened and the rain did indeed fall, hard.  He looked up, relieved to see the dark brooding clouds and feel the drops on his face and he opened his mouth letting the water trickle inside; it was cold but refreshing.  Three days of sky as seen through the latticework lid had been enough.  The two men helped him down.
‘Whoa, the ground be moving,’ he wailed as his feet found the wet ground and he stood shakily, young Jed grabbed his arm to help steady him and Mayan called over as the lad found his land legs once more.
‘Look,’ she shouted over the noise of the rain and pointing at the great oak, standing as it ever did, a sentinel guarding the village and its people, its branches reaching out across the roadway and providing a little shelter to the standing horses.  ‘Look at the tree.’  She called again.
Still slightly unsteady from his long confinement in the box, Gideon hurried, supported by young Jed, to where the girls and the elder twins were gathering under the dry covering of the oak’s boughs.  Once his father was happy that Gideon could walk unaided, he pulled the horses deeper under the natural shelter as the rain continued to lash down.  The heavy clouds made the day seem dark, as if night were about to fall instead of before noon as everyone knew it to be.  Mayan stood quietly, her back to the broad trunk her fists curled tightly at her sides, her clothes were wet and dishevelled and her hair hung down her face like a bedraggled curtain.
‘Will yer look?’  She pleaded as she moved aside to show the others the notice she had seen nailed fast into the tree’s wide bole, the inscription said…

GREEN HOME VILLAGE HAS BEEN CLOSED
RAZED FOR TREASON

By Order of the King.

‘Because of me,’ whispered Gideon, his joy at his release from the box short lived.
‘No lad, because of Gath.’  Varan replied, drawing the boy away from the poster and tearing it down.
‘Come we must go, we shouldn’t shelter under a tree in a storm,’ added Sonal as he motioned to Jed to take the horses back out into the rain.
‘Ow can I ‘elp ‘im Sonal?’  He asked his friend, his heart breaking at the pain so evident in his son.  ‘Mayhap I should o’ let ‘im go with ‘is ma…,’ he whispered.  Sonal stopped abruptly and pulled Jed round to face him.
‘Don’t say that; don’t ever say that, this isn’t your fault any more than it’s his.  Never say that, never… never!’  He said again emphatically as he turned abruptly and began to walk toward the village once more.
The others, walking a little behind Gideon’s father and Sonal saw and heard nothing but the relentless rain as it continued to fall, crashing into the frozen ground and bouncing high as if trying to reach the sky once more.  Puddles were rapidly forming as the waterlogged ground refused to absorb more and only the sound of the wind driven rain hitting the trees and the branches crashing together above them was audible as the company made its way silently to the village that was once home to most of them.  They walked on, each lost in their own thoughts.
Finally, as the friends stood silently in front of the Green Home Inn, the rain stopped just as abruptly as it had begun, the inn itself looked to be the only habitable building in the square and not a soul was in sight.  Burnt and blackened shells stood crumbling around them and a sour sooty smell permeated the air
‘Ello, is anybody ‘ere?’  Young Jed called as his twin stood beside him as white as a sheet, staring at her home with tears filling her eyes.
‘Why would they leave jus’ the inn…?’  Mayan whispered as the tears fell.
‘Jed...,’ Sonal called to Gideon’s father as he was about to follow the younger twins into the inn.  ‘Jed, come here…’ Sonal said again urgently.  Jed turned to see Sonal squatting beside a bundle of rags on the far edge of the green.  He walked back down the steps and made his way over the trampled wet mud and grass to his friend, as he drew closer, he could see what the pile was.
‘Selda..., Tom...,’ his voice broke as his knees gave way and he fell to the ground kneeling in the mud, ‘Tom…’, he whispered, his onetime friend’s face, bruised but wet and clean, was lying in a puddle staring sightlessly up at the grey sky.
“By the Journey’ why, all of it… why?’  He said looking up at Sonal, his home, his village and his friends were all gone, the truth of the scene suddenly hit him hard.  With tears running down his face and his throat burning, Jed roared in fury before leaning forward and gently closing Tom’s eyes.  Sonal placed a hand on his shoulder and opened his mouth to speak just as a piercing scream emanated from the inn.  ‘Mayan…!’  Jed exclaimed, hastily wiping his face as he jumped up to follow Sonal, who was running back toward the inn.
Inside, they found Mayan sobbing loudly in Gideon’s arms, young Jed throwing up in a corner and Lemba crying large silent tears.  On the floor of the parlour, where the villagers had danced and where the three youngsters had played as children, lay the near naked body of a girl, her head burst open with blood and brain matter rotting amidst the insects feeding on both it and the congealed blood between her legs.
‘By the Journey!’ exclaimed Jed, whilst Sonal hastily removed his wet cloak and threw it over the distressing sight.
‘It’s Bea… it’s Bea,’ cried Mayan, sobbing and holding her face fast against Gideon’s broad chest.
‘Gid, take the twins and Lemba, go into the kitchen,’ said Gideon’s father as he gently gathered the corpse into his arms, ‘Sonal, Varan and I will deal with this,’ he added sadly.
He cradled Bea’s soft, cold body and sighed, realising by the lack of rigor that she had been dead for quite a while.  The older twins followed him out of the inn and onto the green where he placed her body gently beside those of Selda and his friend Tom.  He stared at the senseless scene unable to find reason for the deaths, Bea, whose smile had been like sunshine, Selda, once so full of love and compassion and then Tom.  Tears rolled down his face once more as in his mind, Jed saw Tom as the man he once was, young and full of life, laughing at himself as he walked Jed home the night of the fire, the night his wife Mayan and their son had died, Tom, who had refused to forgive himself.
‘You were always me friend Tom, an’ I never blamed yer...’ he whispered with tears in his eyes.
Linking arms Sonal and Varan began to sing, softly and plaintively.  Jed stood and watched the earth as it loosened and opened, flowing up and out of the ground like water and the bodies of Bea and his friends sank softly to their rest beneath the welcoming blanket of darkness.  As the soil finally covered them, Jed sank to his knees on the hard ground once more and rested his chin on his chest.  As the song ended the elder twins began to speak, one after the other and Jed, whispering, joined them.
‘May yer be blessed on yer Journey, me friends’, an’ not judge too ‘arshly,’ he said quietly wiping a tear from his eye.
‘Blessed on your journey…,’ he heard echoed behind him.  Turning around, Jed saw the others had joined him.  Slowly, Varan, Rhoàld and Lemba moved quietly leaving the last inhabitants of Green Home Village to mourn their dead.


Chapter 23
Blue


The next morning, after eating and collecting a few essentials, the group moved on toward the forest with a sombre mood still hanging over them.  Despite Rhoàld and the younger members of the group now wearing clean, dry clothing, gleaned from the various bed chambers at the inn, all were worried and uncomfortable with what had happened at the village and it was not until they turned into the lane that led to Sonal’s home, that their spirits raised once more.
Blue appeared.  The silver wolf pranced and played like a puppy, clearly pleased to see Jed with Gideon and the men climbed down from their horses to greet the creature.  It stood on its hind legs with its front paws on their shoulders in turn, licking ferociously until both men climbed back onto their mounts, the horses themselves stood firm but wild eyed and trembling as the wolf gambolled around them.  The group could not help but be cheered and Lemba, at first afraid of the wolf that was bigger than she was soon delighted in its antics as it rolled and raced, darting off as she leant down from her horse to stroke it and coming close as she sat up once more.  Rhoàld was clearly terrified, Blue constantly went to him to sniff inquisitively and refused to be put off, as in vain Rhoàld tried to shoo him away.
‘Ok, Blue I be mighty pleased ter see you too,’ Jed laughed as he pushed the hairy wolf away for the umpteenth time.
Briefly, the company stopped at the cottage Sonal had called home for so many years and Varan, on seeing Sonal’s garishly coloured and decorated legerdemains’ cloak laughed aloud.
‘You always did want to be a famous magician Sonal,’ he said, as he placed the cloak on the bed.
‘It was a good life …for a while...,’ Sonal replied, retrieving his grandfather’s book and stuffing the cloak and its box back under the bed.
Quickly the older twins changed into some of Sonal’s clean clothing and leaving the house walked around it carefully creating wards of protection.  Finally finished, the elder twins re-joined their companions in the lane looking like two peas from the same pod.
‘It was so much easier when yer looked like yersel’,’ grumbled Jed, as he walked his horse next to Sonal.
‘I still look like myself, Jed,’ exclaimed Sonal a puzzled expression on his face.
‘Yer, but now yer looks like Varan too.’  Jed said with finality and Varan, walking on Sonal’s other side smiled at Jed’s confusion.
‘It’s easy to tell us apart Jed... I’m the handsome one’, he laughed as Sonal punched his brother on the arm.  Jed, on catching the punch out of the corner of his eye grinned.
‘I’ll bet yer played some motley tricks on yer folks when yer was little,’ he laughed and reddened abruptly, realising how he had alluded to Sonal’s tale of his twin vanishing behind a barrier and of the guardians.  Sonal reached out to his friend understanding the reason for his embarrassment.
‘Jed, it’s all right…’ he said, looking at his brother and adding, ‘and yes, we had lots of fun as children.’
‘We all live by the ‘Journey’s Will’ Jed.’ Varan added softly.
‘Journeys will…,’ repeated Jed as he thought of the long and often painful road he himself had walked since he was a child.  ‘Yeah,’ he said, ‘Journeys will,’ and he walked his horse on in silence as a light rain began to fall once more.
The sky was still dark and full of cloud as they entered the forest and under the diverse canopy of both deciduous and evergreen trees, the air smelt fresh and washed clean.  To Varan, Rhoàld and Lemba it felt quiet and just a little strange.  Bright yellow forsythia bushes were flowering, making their leafless stems heavy, the bark of the silver birch, white, patchy and flaked with brown curls of bark, sat with the evergreen pines and huge oaks.  Ivy grew in abundance, curling around the great boles and along branches of every tree, each bright green or dark yellow leaf showing its face to the light, each leaf eager to see the sun.  Underfoot the ground was soft and earthy despite the recent frosts, with pine needles and cones from all manner of coniferous trees paving the way for the small party, now mostly quiet and thoughtful once more.  Rhoàld wondered at the variety of growth and flowering shrubs for the time of year but the thought was lost as Varan spoke in alarm.
‘I can no longer feel you Sonal.’  He said abruptly.
‘Yer won’t not in ‘ere,’ young Jed answered before Sonal could reply, adding, ‘Mayan an’ I ‘ave never been able to do the twin thing whilst we’re ‘ere.’  Varan looked at Jed in puzzlement, a twin himself and of the blood, he had always been able to feel Sonal’s whereabouts, until of course, he disappeared behind the barrier and he had lost him.  He also knew that while Mayan and young Jed were also twins they were not born of the blood, so it surprised him that they were gifted in this way too, a magic he had thought solely belonging to the ancients.  The path narrowed, forcing him to walk behind his brother and he resolved to ask about it at a more convenient time.
It seemed only moments later that they arrived at Jed’s cottage deep inside the confines of the forest and were sitting beside a roaring fire.  Blue, was acting strangely, pacing up and down and unable to settle.
‘Lay down Blue or go out,’ exclaimed an exasperated Jed, as he opened the front door and gestured to the wolf, the wolf turned its back on the open door with an expression of distaste on its muzzle and walked to the fire, plopping himself down on the rug with its back to the door.  ‘Well, at least yer made a decision.’ Jed laughed.
The enormous pressure the entire group had been under over the past few weeks showed in their individual faces and they all looked clearly exhausted.
‘We be safe ‘ere,’ Jed sighed as he broke open a bottle or two of his favourite wine and proceeded to pour it into various glasses and cups enough for all.
‘Yes, for the time being,’ replied Varan, accepting a pewter tankard from his friend, smiling wryly at the choice of receptacle and looking to young Jed.  Speaking solemnly he said, ‘Jed lad, as I promised the time for explanations has arrived and you have been very patient but…I don’t think anyone would benefit from any explanation just now,’ he looked pointedly at the sleepy folk around him.  Sonal also looked at the assembled company.
‘Gideon, how do you feel?’  He asked the boy sitting on the rug in front of the fire, his arms and upper body lying across the silver wolf.
‘Now me ‘ead feels jus’ fine, but I’m really tired… can we talk in t’ mornin’?’  He asked, yawning widely.
‘Yeah boy, finish yer wine an’ go ter yer bed,’ said his father making the decision for the entire company.  ‘We should all go ter bed; the hay in the barn is clean and soft, leastways t’was when we were last ‘ome.  We’ll talk in the mornin’ ...the tales can all be told in the mornin’.’  He added with conviction as he stood and opened the cottage door, ‘I s’pect the girlies would prefer the beds though Gid,’ he smiled, as he took the empty cup from his son and ushered him through the door.
So the company broke up, each to beds they knew or to the barn where the hay, as predicted by Gideon’s father was warm, dry and clean.  Blue, without looking back, loped off slowly and disappeared under the rich dark canopy of trees and young Jed, anxious as he was to learn what was driving them all fell asleep at last, his mind too weary to stay awake past a cursory good night to his fellow travellers.
The next morning a succession of men threaded their way down the banks of the stream beside to house to wash.  Jed heated water for the girls to bathe in privacy inside the cottage and both were feeling much more refreshed but Lemba could not help being embarrassed as Mayan stared at the still colourful collection of bruises adorning her body.  Mayan had not said a word but looked sorrowfully at her new friend as she also dressed, Lemba smiled as she saw the tears in Mayan’s eyes and wished she could tell her they were better now and she was happy, despite all they were going through.  She took her friends hand to convey her feelings and held it as they sat with their hair loose and drying beside the fire.  Rhoàld entering the room picked up a brush and stood behind them brushing the deep silver-blond and rich red-gold tresses lovingly.
Young Jed, knowing he was about to be told why his life and that of his family had changed so dramatically over the past few months was as nervous as a kitten and lingered back with Gideon.  The fate of his family and that of the villagers was paramount in his mind, after all, last night the older twins confirmed that they at least, were all safe for the time being, but what of the others, Jed thought, what of me fam’ly?  He stood watching Gideon as he walked toward the stream with a large bucket to collect fresh wash water, just as he had so many times in the past.  He was still tired, his eyes felt as if they were full of grit and were watering at every opportunity, ashamed he was about to cry, he shook his head and called out.
‘Wait fer me then Gid,’ he said as he passed Varan and Sonal making their way back to the cottage, having finished their own ablutions.  On reaching the bank, he stripped off to wash in the icy cold water just as Sonal and Varan entered the cottage.  In his peripheral vision, he saw Blue, as fast as quicksilver dart in ahead of them and a feeling of foreboding grew inside him.  Again, he began to ponder the fate of his family and as dark depression attempted to claim him, freezing cold water fell over his naked back; Gideon stood beside the stream trying not to laugh an empty dripping bucket in his hand.
‘It slipped,’ he said innocently.
‘Aaaawwww!’ Jed shouted as he leapt after his brother ensuring Gideon was to be as wet and cold as he was himself.  Time stopped and worries disappeared as the two played like the children they had been when they had first entered these very waters so long ago.
‘JED,’ a familiar warm fuzzy feeling disturbed Gideon’s father as he grilled pancakes for breakfast.  ‘JED, COME NOW.’  Sonal, entering the cottage after his brother and the racing wolf was chatting amicably as he sat at one of the kitchen benches, he stopped mid-sentence and looked from Jed to the wolf.
‘What the…?’  He said softly, shaking his head.  The wolf immediately turned its deep piercing gaze on Sonal, its beautiful blue eyes almost the same shade as Sonal’s own.  Sonal began to feel the warm fuzzy glow he had felt once before as the wolf had stared at him.
‘Are you trying to talk to me boy?’  He smiled and stretched out his hand to scratch behind its ears.  Sonal’s head felt warm and fuzzy as if he had had just a little too much to drink.
‘What is it boy?’  He asked the wolf, as he looked deeply into the animal’s eyes and continued to scratch.  Jed remained oblivious as he cracked eggs into a pan, his back turned away from the scene.
‘Sonal…,’ began Varan exasperated as he tried to get Sonal to finish his conversation.  ‘Sonal…,’ his irritation died as he watched the wolf and his brother staring intently into each other’s faces.  If anything, it’s the wolf that is looking frustrated; he thought and reached over smiling indulgently now as he touched Sonal on the arm to regain his attention.  Immediately both men started, as if an electric current had run throughout their entire bodies and shocked them both, while a piercing yell sounded in their heads.  Varan released his brother and stepped back knocking into Jed who was cooking, the pancakes he was preparing flopped out of the pan and into the fire sending coals, sparks and ash scuttling across the hearth.
‘By the journey, that was all the eggs we ‘ad, now the girls’ won’t be getting any breakfast neither, not till I can get ter me stores anyroad,’ he said crossly looking at the company in the room.
“Journey’s Gates!’ what was that…?’  Sonal asked, after Varan hurriedly extended his apologies to Jed.  Jed still cross began to clear up the mess, Blue hadn’t moved, he sat still, staring intently at the brothers before turning to Jed once more.  Jed looked at the wolf.
‘Blue, I can’t go with yer jus’ now.’  Jed said aloud unthinkingly, Varan nudged his brother.
‘I believe they are communicating.’  Varan sent through the ether, Sonal nodded and tentatively Varan reached out his hand and touched his brother once more.
‘….OW,’ they heard the noise vibrating in their heads loud and clear, Varan looked to his brother then to Jed.
‘How long has the wolf been able to talk to you Jed?’  He asked quietly.  Jed looked up from where he was clearing up the last of the mess.
‘Oh blow, I was ‘hopin’ yer ‘adn’t ‘eard me, it jus’ kinda slipped out, coz I was cross like.’  Jed said by way of explanation.
‘How long Jed…?’  Sonal repeated.  Jed, embarrassed at having been found out was about to refuse to answer when Blue placed his furry head under his large hand.
‘EXPLAIN’ he heard and Jed smiled.
‘Well it’s like this see, I first ‘eard ‘im when I were a kid, younger even then than Gid is now…’ Jed replied his reluctance easing.  ‘E’s a special wolf, special.’  Jed added, ‘always ‘as been.’  The wolf turned his head toward Varan and slowly advanced, confused, Sonal watched as the wolf took his brother’s hand between its teeth and gently dragged Varan back toward him before releasing the hand and letting it fall onto Sonal’s shoulder.  Not liking the slimy feel of the saliva coating his skin Varan lifted his hand to wipe it.  Immediately the wolf growled loudly startling everyone in the room just as Gideon and young Jed rushed into the parlour slamming the door behind them, still wet from their water fight.
‘I think Blue wants you to put your hand back on me,’ stated Sonal with a smile at the wolf.  ‘You do boy, don’t you?’  Sonal asked the wolf as he took hold of Varan himself.
‘IT’S A BIT OF SALIVA FOR JOURNEY’S SAKE, IT’LL WASH OFF!’  Shouted Blue crossly, sounding for the entire world as if he were scolding a schoolchild.  In total shock, Varan flopped down beside his brother on the bench.  Both men burst into nervous laughter, Sonal, recovering first reached once more for his brother’s arm but before he touched it, he smiled at the wolf apologetically.
‘Blue, can I ask that you don’t shout, your voice is really deafening…’ Sonal smiled again.
‘I have to shout for Jed to hear me, my apologies young man.’  Blue said as the older twins linked a forearm.  Both Sonal and Varan had such looks of incredulity on their faces the others drew nearer in wonder.
‘Jed, Gideon, Blue is talking to us…’ Sonal said a grin exploding across his face.
‘Hey, Blue can yer talk ter us too?’  Mayan called from her place beside the fire where Rhoàld was in the process of plaiting the girls’ now dry hair.
‘How?’  Sonal asked, looking at the blue-eyed wolf once more.
‘I will explain,’ replied the wolf his voice now cultured and refined, instead of loud and aggressive.  ‘I will explain all, but not here and not now, Gath’s men are attempting to enter the forest and if they gain entry they will come this way, we do have a little time as the forest will help us but we must go… NOW!’
Sonal looked at his brother and nodded, Varan dropped his brothers arm and moved away to start collecting his belongings together, leaving Sonal to explain.  Sonal looked first at his friend and then at the assembled company, his face changing from happy relaxed surprise, to worry and consternation.
‘Well,’ said his friend, closely.
‘What’s goin’ on?’  Gideon asked.
‘We ‘eard Blue, growlin’,’ said Jed adding, ‘can ‘e really talk?’  His question went unanswered.
‘It’s the soldiers,’ Sonal explained to everyone who would listen, ‘they’ve followed us and are here, attempting to enter the forest.  Blue says we must go, now.’  Gideon’s father smiled at the wolf and stroked his head lovingly.
‘If Blue says it’s so, then tis so,’ he said, adding ‘‘e’s never been wrong yet,’ he turned immediately to douse the fire and becoming business like he began issuing orders.
‘Gid go open the pens, Rhoàld ‘elp ‘im would yer, Jed set out some ‘ay fer the ‘orses ‘case they come back, ladies find some warm clothes ‘n’ blankets an’ get some grub stored in a bag.  Gid, go find me ‘mergency pack too.  I gotta task o’ me own ter do.  You two,’ Jed said, looking fast at Sonal and Varan, ‘talk ter Blue, find out where we be goin’, coz I know pretty much all o’ this forest an’ iffen the soldiers can find their way ‘ere, they can find us anywhere.’  With that, Jed pulled on his topcoat and walked out of the cottage.  Twenty minutes later the company was ready to move on again as Gideon’s father placed the final stone on the top of the newest cairn, that of Gideon’s real mother, Lydia, the king’s daughter.


Chapter 24
Gath Reaches Green Home


Gath stood with two of his men at the edge of the forest, from the time they left Devilly they had travelled quickly and stopped only once they arrived at the village but although pleased at the progress they had made he was feeling very uncomfortable.  He had felt this way ever since his party had crossed the village boundary and it was worse now the forest was before him.  It looked and felt oppressive and he knew his men could feel it too even though they were not of the blood.  In the full light of day, he intended to enter the dark green world before him and capture his son but for now, he just wanted to see the forest he had heard so much about for himself and to gain an insight into the lie of the land.
Since leaving the slavers, Gath had had Toby by his side and he had been very willing to share information about Gideon, the village and the forest.  He also explained that Gideon’s home was deep within the forest’s leafy borders with a man he called father and he had eagerly regaled the strange tales he had grown up alongside and it amused him to think Toby was scared, more scared of the forest than he was of his king.
Dawn had not been far off as they stopped and Gath ordered camp to be set up on the village green.  Leaving Toby in charge of making the inn ready for his own personal use Gath, Colonel Thurl and a young recruit headed out of the village toward the dense woodland ahead.
‘On up the lane sire,’ Toby had said, ‘past Sonal’s cottage.  Can’t miss it…,’ he added as he finished his directions.
The three men had walked their horses in eerie silence in the pre-dawn light and before long, they had reached the cottage, just as Toby had described.  Going inside, Gath walked around the house feeling very unwelcome, almost as if he were intruding, which he was.  He came across a legerdemain’s elaborate costume cloak in a box stored underneath one of the beds, its bright corner stuck out as if it had been hurriedly and not to carefully put away.  Smiling to himself, he fingered the fabric and remembered seeing costumes like this before many times; years ago, he had scoured the country for magic users, inviting all to see him at Devilly.  Some had been the magic users they claimed to be and he had relished the harvesting of their ancient blood, albeit much diluted but others were just quick, ordinary citizens with the ability to do sleight of hand.  Sonal, he thought, recalling the name Toby had given him and for some reason the name rang bells in his head.  Suddenly he remembered, once before he had heard the name Sonal, coupled with a tale of such amazing ability that he had been sure this Sonal was of the blood.  He had had Rhoàld send an invitation to the magician to perform for him and although accepted, the legerdemain had never turned up.  I believe it was only a few years after Lydia disappeared, the king’s thoughts continued.
The cloak, clutched tightly in his hands grew hot, so hot it burst into flame in front of his eyes and Gath dropped it on the bed watching as the flames took hold, spreading across the counterpane quickly and eagerly and eating up the beautiful fabric.  The hot burning body of gas echoed the bright gaudy colours hungrily with yellow spikes and red feathers of flame that licked at the wooden bedposts and stretched for the draperies hanging at the window.  Gath watched dispassionately as the room began to blacken, though he moved slowly back away from the radiated heat.  He watched the fire grow, its devotion to colour and detail fascinated him, each tiny flame that licked and caressed the very fabric of the room, like a lover leaving no flesh un-kissed.  He stepped back once more as the fire spread again, a ball of orange flame growing like an orchestral symphony reaching toward a finale.  It spoke to him of beauty and passion.
‘Sire,’ called Thurl as he dragged the king from the burning rooms and out of the house, Gath stood in the lane beside the fence watching as the house burnt, its timbers glowing white hot as the flames leapt into the pre-dawn sky.  The horses snorted and reared in fear as the flames grew ever more ferocious, ever more savage.
Gath laughed as the house burnt; he was exhilarated, the fire made him feel alive.  Reluctantly he turned his back on the flames and taking his frightened horse by the reins walked toward the forest once more.
‘Come Thurl,’ he said, his hand petting his horse’s neck, his touch calmed the skittish animal and gently he led the horse toward the trees.
Standing now before the forest Gath smiled.  He tied the horse to a small bush out on the fringes of the wood and jumped over a ditch that seemed to run for miles along the edge of the trees.  The wet earth smelt of loam and pine and he could smell freshly washed leaves in the air and with a feeling of pressure building in front of him, he laughed aloud.
‘Sire?’  Thurl called as he handed the reins of his horse to the young recruit; carefully he crossed the ditch, to stand a little way behind the king.
‘Can’t you feel the magic Thurl?’  Laughed Gath, as he walked nearer the dense trees, he squatted down pushing his fingers deep into the soft soil.  It’s warm, the soil is warm!  Gath thought in surprise as he reached for the ether.
‘Colonel…,’ called the young trouper as he tied the horses loosely together.  ‘Colonel, I need a piss...’ Thurl turned and scowled at the use of rough language in front of the king but he nodded toward the trees and the young man walked quietly away for some privacy.  The officer looked back to the king as he squatted on a loamy verge before the forest and he sat upon the dead trunk of a felled tree, his back resting against an upright branch, he closed his eyes and waited quietly.
Finishing his business, the young soldier did up his trews and made his way back to where he had left his colonel and his king slowly, he liked the brooding forest it reminded him of the home he had not seen for such a long time.  As he clambered over a pile of broken logs and dried grasses, he inadvertently disturbed the home of a hibernating family of hedgehogs.  He picked up the branch he had dislodged in order to replace it and protect the tiny spiky creatures from the cold and the winter chill but as he handled the wood he realised it was a fine dry piece of oak.  Exactly what I need for my new bow, he thought and with a second look at the now exposed hedgehog family, the soldier sighed.
‘Sorry boys and girls, my need is greater than yours,’ he said as he threw a handful of dry twigs over the family in exchange for the protection of the dry clean length of hardwood.  He saw the King, still in the same position as when he had left him, squatting in a, quite undignified fashion for a king, he thought, with his fingers buried up to the knuckles in the surprisingly soft earth and he could see Colonel Thurl sitting against a fallen log fast asleep.  He grinned; deciding to take advantage of his unlooked for good luck and sat down against the bole of a tree on the edge of the forest.  Removing the quiver and arrows from his back, he laid them beside his bow on the forest floor, in an attempt to make himself more comfortable as he inspected his piece of wood.  Smiling again, he stroked the old bow with his fingertips as it lay in the ivy, remembering how his father had made it for him when he had joined the army, cutting and cleaning the green wood before removing the skin and soaking the length of pine in boiling water.
‘Help’s the bow to bend boy,’ he remembered his father saying as if it were yesterday and he had watched as his father tied the wood over a fire, steaming it gently for hours until it was dry and pliable.  Yes, it had been a good bow but the soldier knew that the centre of the bow was becoming thin with age and use.
The excellent find of the yard long piece of dry oak would make a wonderful replacement.  He held the wood up against the dawn sky attempting to find the natural curve of its lines and congratulated himself again as he realised just how fine the length was, not a sign of greyness or cracking and completely free of knots, twists or whorls.  Finding the line the young soldier took his knife from his belt and began to shave the wood carefully, allowing its natural curvature to guide him.  As he shaved, he heard the wind blowing gently through the treetops and the birds beginning to sing their morning chorus, he closed his eyes for a moment to allow the beauty of the forest morning to ease his homesickness.
Resting his head back against the bole of the tree, he felt warm and safe; he inhaled the fresh clean air deeply and smelt the winter jasmine; he smiled again remembering how much his mother liked the jasmine that grew so abundantly around their front door at home.  As he sat deep in his thoughts and dreams he failed to notice the ivy around the tree begin to grow, slowly, so slowly it moved around the young soldier’s ankles.  Like a thick blanket, it moved up his legs and began to cover him as the piece of oak dropped from his fingers, landing beside the fallen knife.  The young soldier thought he should get up but he was so comfortable and so sleepy.
‘Just a few minutes more mama,’ he whispered and his heartbeat slowed and finally stopped as the thick vines of white winter jasmine absorbed him completely, taking back a life for the lives of the tiny but not inconsequential hedgehog family that would never wake again.
Gath, with his eyes closed stared hard into the ether, around and behind him, he could see and feel the lines of life, powerful earth magic spreading out and flowing like vast rivers.  Such power in this place, no wonder I could never feel my son before, he thought as he followed the spreading pulsating lines like veins carrying the fluid of life throughout one huge body.  Gath felt the giant orange glow that was the burning building disrupting the symphony of light, strange, he thought, that the fire should show, here in the ether.  He passed on, feeling Thurl sleeping near him and the power of the jasmine as it enthralled the young soldier at the edge of the forest.  He found he could not read the forest itself, it was, it seemed, to be barring him in some way so he tried harder sending his soul deeper and deeper into the ether.  The warm soil held him, enticing and beguiling, he had never felt this way, so calm, so peaceful.  The forest before him seemed to be promising him more, he wanted to see; he wanted to gain entry through the magical barrier thrown up before him.
Thurl, sitting away from the king atop a log snored loudly, his chin dropped onto his chest making him gag and he awoke, yawning widely.  He noticed the sun was now high in the sky and wondered how long he had been asleep, he had been having such a nice dream and he had felt so warm.  As he stood to stretch, he glanced over toward where his king was still crouched upon the ground.  To his horror Thurl noticed the forest seemed to have grown, Gath seemed to be right on the edge now whereas before he was sure the forest had been a few feet away, quite a few feet away.
‘Sire,’ Thurl called, as he attempted to step forward, his feet catching among the strands of bright-variegated ivy, the yellows and whites in amongst the dark green of the leaves giving an impression of a living tapestry of colour.  He fell to the ground and as he tried to sit up, he noticed the ivy twist around his ankle on its own, a shiver ran down his spine, he could no longer free his leg by pulling, it seemed to Thurl as fast as he freed one leg the other became ensnared.  Afraid for his life and with Toby’s tales of the forest horrors fresh in his mind he grabbed for his knife and frantically began to cut himself loose, the sharp blade sliced through the soft leaves and wiry vines easily and as he became free, he called out to the king once more.
Gath still deeply entranced by the power of the earth magic heard someone call, do they want me, he thought absently, no, I’ll stay here, his mind answered for him.
Unexpectedly, rough hands were shaking him, pulling at him and someone was shouting at him, calling his name.  He dragged himself out of the ether, opened his bleary eyes and tried to focus on the owner of the voice as he attempted to lift his hands from the soft loamy soil.  Startled and suddenly wide-awake, he realised he could not move his hands or his legs, the ivy seemed to have grown around him holding him in its vice like grip.  Gath began to sing but his singsong mumbling had no effect, he could enter the magic quite easily but could not use it, somehow he was unable to access it, just as he was unable to access the power the forest so obviously contained.  Thurl was shouting, crying out, telling the king to pull himself away, he was slicing the ivy fast and furiously with his knife and slowly Gath’s hand was free and he was frightened as never before.
‘Quickly man, the knife...’ Gath demanded, holding his one free hand out for the knife.  The magic would not work for him but he knew what would.
As Thurl came close to his king, his hands pulling at the vines surrounding his king’s ankles, Gath plunged the knife into his neck.  Hindered by the handle of the knife Thurl could not turn his head,  his blood began pumping and in an abstract fashion he noticed the vines around him turning a thick dark red and he saw the green and yellow ivy as it slowly rose up to meet him.  The colours began to merge and gradually the world around him became dark as finally, he lay still.
Gath began to sing again, this time with a different note, a different song and Thurl gurgled as he lay dying with his dark red blood pumping out across the ivy surrounding the king.  Gath stared in eerie fascination as the plants began to shrink where the spelled blood touched them, they shrivelled and died leaving the dark, blood stained earth exposed, the living ivy shied away, as if the blood were tainted somehow.  The plants circled the spelled blood and the drained body without touching it as they reached for Gath once more, leaving the tainted earth and the body alone, like an island in a green and yellow sea.
Still afraid, Gath fell back, his hands behind him and crablike he scuttled away from the encroaching ivy until he was far enough back to turn and stand.  He ran then, jumping the ditch and reaching his horse, mounted fast.  When he turned back to look, the ivy was retreating toward the forest leaving Thurl’s body now empty of blood exposed and alone.  As he watched, the body began to move, with dread in his heart Gath watched as the ground beneath the body undulated and shifted, giving the corpse a semblance of life as it moved away from the reaches of the forest and it’s magic.  As it reached the ditch, it stopped and Thurl gently rolled over the edge and down where it became lost amidst the cold bracken and dead teasels.  A shower of blood soaked earth followed it down.  The forest had cleaned itself of the contaminating effects of Gath’s blood magic.
Gath had no thought for Thurl, whom he had killed to save his own life or of the young trouper who had just disappeared.  Their horses were gone too; they were on the wrong side of the ditch!  The thought crowded his mind and his brain screamed for explanation.
‘Gideon.’  Gath said aloud, ‘Gideon, Gideon…clever, clever little boy...,’ he said as he turned his horse to walk away back toward the Village.
As Gath passed the cottage of the legerdemain Sonal, he leant to one side of the horse and threw up.  The tension of the morning, almost losing his life after so long and to a child and a child of his own loins, it made him feel sick.  He passed the tiny white cottage now glistening clean and bright in the winter sunshine, no sign of the fire that had ravaged it only hours ago.  Gath scowled at the cottage as he realised that while the fire had been fierce and the cloak had seemed hot, the flames had not burnt him and there had been no smoke.  I saw the fire in the ether, Gath told himself again, angry now he knew Gideon had somehow tricked him.  Rising high in his stirrups, he turned once more to face the forest, shaking his fist.
‘Gideon, I will get you yet, you are mine do you hear, mine...’ he shouted to the tree-filled skyline, before pulling his horse’s reins roughly and walking back toward the village.
Toby Hollins watched anxiously as Gath re-entered the village and glanced at the camp, he had prepared everything as instructed.
‘Toby, prepare to move the camp again tomorrow, we head north.’  Gath dismounted from his horse and threw the reins toward Toby, hesitating as he moved up the short steps to the door.  ‘See to the beast Toby and find yourself a new uniform, I find I am in need of another commanding officer.’  Surprised but delighted Toby answered with a smile.
‘Thank you sire, May I tell me men…,’ Toby hardened at the power the words commanded ‘my men,’ he said again adding, ‘where in t’ north we be ‘eading,’ he finished.
‘We head to the Bleak Toby,’ Gath returned forcefully.  ‘We head to the Bleak...’ now Gideon seems to have come fully into his power that is where the power will draw him, he still needs to learn control I am certain of it… ‘And I intend to be waiting!’  Gath finished his thought aloud, adding, ‘to give him all that I am…,’ then with a smile on his face, he walked up the steps.  He had no doubts Gideon’s was to be his next host body and with his power so amplified opening a gateway would be all the easier.  He reached the top of the stairs and turned around, his glance light housing the remains of the village that was now his camp.  The dull white canvas of the bell tents, the animals corralled in the distance and ready to feed the army on its journey north, the sounds and smells of men and their women followers going about the business of setting up a new encampment amidst the ruins of the once thriving village.  He had seen it all before so many, many times over the years; over the countless lives he had spent, whilst waiting to beget a daughter.  All this bored him now, he was ready to go home, to seek his revenge, further off he could see the great forest where he had almost lost his life and in the ether, he could see the magic that he was somehow barred from using and unable to feel.  Look after your body for me my son, he thought, and come after me soon, I begin to grow impatient.
Taking one last look at the distant forest, he turned back to the inn once more and entered where a meal, a hot bath, a bed and Darnel were waiting for him.


Chapter 25
Frustration


On and on the small company walked, Gideon’s father had at first, recognised the pathways the wolf took but before long even he had no idea whereabouts in the great forest they actually were.  Soon the trail narrowed even more, talking, which had been difficult at first because of the fast pace the wolf was setting now became impossible as the group walked in single file, sometimes bending low in order to pass overhanging trees.  The trail they were following was an animal track made by the wolf himself as he travelled between his home and Jed’s cottage over the many years he had lived there.  Around lunchtime the wolf stopped in a small natural clearing, he turned back to face in the direction they had travelled and twisted his head to one side as if listening.  Instinctively Varan and Sonal reached for one another.
‘The danger for the moment is past,’ Blue said before he turned and resumed his journey.
‘Wait!’ called Rhoàld, as the elder twins made to follow the wolf, ‘what did the wolf say,’ he insisted, angry at the presumption that the rest of the party did not need to know.
‘The danger is past,’ Varan offered, apologising for not passing the message on and turned once more to follow the wolf.
‘What did ‘e say?’  Young Jed asked, entering the clearing last and as the wolf was moving away, ‘What did yer say?’  He said again as Varan turned, Varan repeated his statement.
‘Then we can go back, May, we can go and rescue the fam’ly,’ the young man said smiling broadly at his sister, Mayan and Gideon nodded their heads in agreement.
Young Jed had done a lot of thinking since the party had left Gideon’s home.  Forced to walk alone with no opportunity to talk his problems through he had been his own prosecuting council.  He felt drained and completely exhausted.  Over the last few months, he had had his illusions of a soldier’s honour shattered by his king, had met Lemba and fallen in love, had contracted severe pneumonia, been stung to death by poisonous ants and then literally brought back from the dead.  He condemned himself bitterly for his attack on Gideon and then for offering love and protection to his beloved Lemba, only to abandon her, twice.  In addition, he had left his family in the hands of slavers with his elder brother Jackie broken and bleeding and even after reuniting with Lemba he realised he had not spent two minutes alone with her since leaving Devilly.  No one would tell him what was going on and here he was following blindly after a talking wolf, even iffen I ‘ave known Blue all me life!  He thought.
‘I’m going back,’ he said again turning around, Mayan and Gideon as unsure as Jed as to what was happening turned to follow him back the way they had come.  The rest of the company halted.  Within seconds a blur of silver streaked past them all barring the way, Blue stood on the narrow trail in front of the retreating youngsters with his hackles high and his teeth bared, he seemed taller somehow, his growl low and threatening.
‘Me fam’ly Blue…’ Jed said angrily, ‘me fam’ly ‘r’ ‘eld ‘ostage an’ I’ve gotta ‘elp get ‘em out,’ he shouted, rage building in his heart.  Mayan burst into tears of frustration as young Jed put his hands to his head trying not to let loose the tears of anger that threatened him.  Inching slowly forward, stiff legged and still growling Blue’s hackles bristled slightly, giving the effect of extra height.  He looked longer too with his tail held out vertically and slightly curled toward the back, his muzzle, which was normally roundish and very fluffy now looked as long and thin as the rest of his body and with his ears pointed forward stiffly, it just added to the frightening effect.  Blue forced the three dissenters back into the small clearing and unnoticed by the party, the forest trail behind Blue slowly disappeared as the trees and branches cleaved together.  The way back was now lost to them.  Jed felt his head buzzing as the wolf stared hard at him.
‘HOW?’  Young Jed heard through the anger and the fuzziness that seemed to engulf him, not wondering how he was able to hear the wolf.
‘I’ve got me wages...,’ Jed answered and he thought of the AWOL notice he had seen outside the pub.  He felt suddenly helpless and sank to his knees as he realised any wages due to him would have been confiscated, he had nothing.
‘I, I’ve… not got a penny… not a brass…Gid!’  He said in despair and the burning in his throat eased as the tears finally fell.  Blue, his growling stopped hooked his nose under Jed’s arm, offering comfort and love.  Gideon placed his hand on his brother’s shoulder and looked meaningfully around the assembled group.  This is all my fault… all of it, he thought, his heart breaking for Jed’s distress.
‘Gath wants me,’ he said finally, his anger at the king building.  ‘Iffen I go ter ‘im in exchange fer the village folk, ‘e’ll let ‘em go,’ he added.  Cries of horror rippled through the party.
‘No, Gideon, you still don’t understand…,’ began Rhoàld as he shook his head sadly.
‘Then make me unnerstand!’  Gideon said loudly, interrupting Rhoàld; suddenly his own anger was bubbling to the surface threateningly.  ‘Tell me what’s goin’ on; tell me why ‘e wants me, who I am…, what I am?’  He finished quietly as he sank to the ground beside young Jed his anger gone as quickly as it had appeared.  With tears still wet on his face young Jed echoed his brother’s thoughts.
‘What’s goin’ on Varan, yer been promisin’ ter tell me fer weeks an’ always sommat stops yer.  Me fam’ly are in more danger now than they ever were an’ I’m not movin’ till I know, an’ don’t just say it’s sommat ter do with Gid, coz that much we ‘ave already figured out.’  Jed, still angry but now composed, looked at Varan for explanation and Varan in turn, looked at Gideon’s father as if for help.
‘Don’t yer be lookin’ at me,’ said Jed, Gideon’s father, as he played with his small beard, adding ‘I wanna know mesel’…, think on this,’ he added.  ‘Me boy turns inter a magician under me nose… e’ can’t leave his ‘ome in case ‘e explodes and kills folk iffen he gets angry an’ ter get ‘im back, king Gath is prepared ter beat up on me folks an’ enslave an ‘ole village… I wanna know what’s goin’ on too, coz d’yer know as ‘ow stoopid this all sounds, an’ iffen I hadn’t seed those dead bodies mesel’ I may not ‘ave believed it!’
Lemba sat to one side watching as the glade erupted with angry questions and half-hearted explanations.  She had not had a chance to communicate with young Jed properly for days and she was feeling lost and alone, even Rhoàld had stopped trying to talk to her in the finger-speak he had been attempting to learn during their travels.  She picked at her hair braid as the company argued and jumped visibly when the wolf suddenly howled, loudly, causing an awkward silence to descend once more.  Varan and Sonal held hands as Blue looked toward them.
‘We will have reached our destination by this afternoon, most of our answers will be found there.  Please, follow me until then, sit now though and rest for a while.’  Sonal said, translating Blues mind-sent comments.  Blue turned his back on the small group of people and moved off taking the trail once more.
‘Well Sonal, did Blue say anythin’ else?’  Gideon’s father asked as the wolf walked away.
‘No, just for us to be patient and follow him a little longer,’ Sonal answered wearily as he sat down on the ground against the base of a tree.  ‘We need to rest here a while.’  He added to the rest of the emotionally drawn group.
The preceding months had been hard for them all; from Mayan, coping as she had, with both the attempted rape and Toby’s successful attack, to Gideon finding out the circumstances of his birth and knowing his incestuous natural father wanted his blood.  Each and every member of the party was tired, all of them worried about the fate of the villagers and all knowing that somehow Gideon was at the heart of it.
‘Gideon, Jed…’ Gideon’s father said quietly, ‘we ‘ave followed Blue this far an’ like I said, ‘e’s never steered me wrong in me ‘ole life, yer would’ve died along with yer ma Gid, iffen ‘e hadn’t made me follow ‘im inter the wood.  Come on boy, we can trust ‘im,’ he said as he helped Gideon to his feet.  ‘Jed lad,’ he said addressing the boy who had been named for him and holding out his hand to help him rise. ‘…we’ll get ‘em back Jed, we jus’ need time ter figure it all out.’  He added, thinking of Dotty, Jayse and his parents who had put themselves in the way of danger for the people of the village knowing they would try to save them, all of them.  Young Jed stood and faced the older man.
‘I’ll not be waiting fer ever Jed but I’ll give Blue ‘is time,’ he said as he moved on up the path slowly following along behind the wolf, only this time as they walked the path behind the group continued to close quietly and unnoticed, as if it had never been.
The sun had begun to sink when they stopped again, the food rations exhausted and the water nearly gone, Blue finally led them into another glade, only this time the clearing was larger.
The ground was covered in small spring crocus flowers, alive with colour, white, gold and purple blossoms grew in clumps around the edges of the open space with huge trees growing tall and strong in an almost circular fashion.  The spreading canopy of green leaves and brown branches far above their heads joined and melded, leaving a lattice-like effect showing a clear blue sky, directly over the centre of the glade, albeit darkening slightly as the sun went down.  Beneath their feet pink, yellow, purple and white primroses spread like a carpet, bursts of colour, jewels amidst the greenery that covered the floor in abundance.  The sprigs of green and yellow ivy fought in competition for space to grow, to stretch their tendrils toward the light and warmth as forsythia bushes full of tiny yellow trumpet like flowers grew tall and wide between the trees.  Blood red berries filled the holly trees and even more vibrant yellow, in the laburnum trees as they dripped their golden flower heads over the scene.  The air felt warmer too and the atmosphere somehow felt hopeful.
Gideon had never seen such vivid growth or colour and guessed the other members of his party felt the same way as they all remained quiet and staring, absorbing every detail, shade and hue imaginable.  The sweet heady fragrance was like a drug, calming and soothing and the group’s recent altercation, was for the moment forgotten.  Blue sat quietly on the edge of the glade, after a while, he walked in a small circle as if he was in front of Jed’s fire back in the cottage, he finally lay down amidst the flowers sighing, his huge head resting on his paws and his eyes firmly fixed on Gideon.
‘Where are we?’  Mayan asked, in awe at the beauty and colour around her.  ‘Did…, did we miss the winter festival…?’  She asked hesitantly as she sat on an ivy-covered log under a tree and stared at the growth of both spring and summer flowers.  There is so much ivy…, Lemba thought as she looked at the trees around the clearing, ivy, for fertility, good luck and for aiding prophecy if used correctly, helps headaches and cramps too…, she thought, hearing her mother and stepsister, Dotty behind the words.  Dotty would have loved this place, Lemba’s thoughts continued as she looked at the various trees and shrubs that would not normally be seen growing in harmony together.  The tall thin leaved Ash tree, usually used for bow making because of its strong and flexible nature, the leaves of the tree often used by the gifted in soft down pillows to induce prophetic dreaming, then water infused with ash leaves was useful in warding off illness.  She could see Poplar trees, some old with rough deeply fissured lines of black diamonds in the bark in places that broke up the smooth green and grey skin of its youth.  Some stretched so tall toward the heavens that she could not see just how tall they actually were; again, the wood of which would often be the base used for arrows, spears and shields.  The most surprising thing was that one was flowering, showing its spring twigs covered in a soft white fur and budded catkins sprouting from their short stalks like many fingers trying to catch the wind next to the flowering Poplar, a smaller version in its spring clothes of leaves.  Each leaf different in size and shape spirally arranged by nature herself, some circular, some triangular and as the breeze caught them the tree seemed to wobble as if it was showing off its twinkling new dress.  By autumn, Lemba knew the leaves would turn to a bright yellow and gold catching the sun and dancing just the same way its spring clothes did, as well as warn of bad weather to come when it turned its leaves.  We must be by a river, Lemba thought, knowing the majestic trees usually grew near water, she heard her mother again, talking to the innocent children she and her sister had once been.
‘The Poplar offers hope and optimism, the ‘Journey’ often takes us on painful and difficult pathways, the poplar will offer strength and the will to succeed.’  Lemba continued to be amazed at the variety and season of the various bushes and trees in or near the glade, each one offering something, the Hawthorn with its brown shallow scaly-ridged bark, its twigs used for curing depression and to protect travellers from misfortune.  Now she looked, she could see Hawthorn everywhere, again like the Poplar each in its various stages and seasons of growth, it seemed to ring the outer paths of the clearing like a hedge, protecting all within its circumference.
The slender and attractive Rowan tree, its silvery-brown bark and creamy-white clusters of spring flowers standing tall and proud next to its sister already covered in the brilliant scarlet of its autumn berries, Lemba remembered the surprise she had felt when her mother had sliced a berry from the Rowan in two, a perfect pentagram revealed in all its glory.
‘It will protect us from trickery and entrancement; will give you courage should you need it, little one.’  Her mother had said as she sliced and pulped the bright red berries into a sauce for the table.  There were Birch trees attractive and graceful, its bark used for tanning leather, its sugary sap used for healing and wine and its branches and twigs, not only used for protection against evil but also symbolising love and fertility and there was the Holly, used for protection and balance.  Balance, Lemba thought as she both recognised and characterised the abundant growth around her.  A cold shiver slide down her spine and her eyes turned to the wolf, closing them she tried cautiously to enter the ether to find the way to the root as she had so easily done before, there was nothing.  What need’s all this protection, what is this all for…?  She asked herself as her eyes slid to Gideon now sitting quietly, also alone at the edge of the glade.
‘What do we do now Sonal?’  Young Jed asked, as he sat beside Lemba amidst the crocuses and ivy at the opposite edge of the clearing, he had said he would give the wolf time and he would do so, but already he was itching to move on, to go back, to follow his parents and family.  He resigned himself to be still.  Sonal glanced at Varan and both men looked to the wolf.
‘We wait,’ Sonal said without looking at Jed.  ‘We wait,’ he said again, as he too sat down.
Rhoàld walked to the centre of the clearing where a raised tree stump also covered in bright yellow and green ivy stood slightly proud of the ground and looking up saw the darkening blue sky high above them.  He closed his eyes as he had done a thousand times that day and felt for Bastian, there was no response from the magic but strangely, he felt no despondency as he had done when he had previously lost the connection.
There was something familiar about this clearing but he could not fathom it out, the answer was there in front of his eyes but somehow eluding him and he had no Bastian to offer advice.  He knew he had never been here before, he had never been to this part of the country before but he definitely recognised something.  In an attempt to figure it all out he also walked over to the edge of the clearing and sat on another log only this time it was covered in moss.
Time passed slowly, the light in the glade lessened as the sun passed its zenith and eventually lowered and began to set; sending the light in the sky above them orange and red, night flowers opened and began to give off their own heady perfume.
‘It is still winter… isn’t it?’  Mayan asked sleepily as she recognised yet another summer evening flowering plant beginning to unfurl its petals alongside its spring brothers.
Varan stood and all eyes turned to follow him as he walked to the centre of the clearing in an effort to stretch his legs.  The moon suddenly appeared from behind one of the evening clouds bathing him in light.  Rhoàld looked up as the moons brilliance suddenly hit the glade and he saw Varan covered in a perfect shroud of silvery light, a great beam of intense energy straight from the heavens.  He turned white as he watched the man from the bleak.
“By the Journey’, it’s you…’ he whispered, pointing at Varan.  The wind caught the whisper and it swirled around the glade until everyone had heard it.
‘What’s me,’ replied Varan with a puzzled expression on his face and he looked at Rhoàld in confusion.
‘The carving in your cell at the castle, it’s this; it’s here, here…’ said Rhoàld suddenly animated, he walked toward Varan emphasising with his hands toward the trees and the moonlight.  The shadows had lengthened turning the ivy and the flowers into multi shades of black, white and silver while the trees had become the solid, massive columns supporting a vast roof, its centre left open to the world like a window to the gods.  Varan was standing on the ivy-covered tree stump that represented the Dias in the carving, the Dias rose from the floor with an occupant sitting in the centre shrouded in light, Rhoàld turned to his companions.
‘Do you see…’ he began, as excited as a child given a promise of sweets, he took a deep breath as he realised even the people in the cave carvings seemed to be represented by members of their own small company. By now they were either sitting up or standing against those dark strong columns, no features or gender, their shapes seen only by silhouette, by base relief, as if projected from the seemingly smooth surface of the columns themselves, part of the column but different.
‘There is a difference…’ he continued, ‘the tattoo shows a …a stone hanging above your head, here there is no stone, a…’ he stopped as Varan finished the sentence for him.
‘A crystal, there is no crystal.’
Blue howled loudly to the moon and began to race around the glade jumping and gambolling like a small puppy, his huge shaggy head seemed to be smiling as he ran from one member of the party to another.  His tongue rolling out of his mouth and almost scraping the ground as he bowed, his forelegs and front of his body close to the ground as his hindquarters stuck up in the air.
‘Can someone tell the rest o’ us what’s goin’ on?’  Gideon’s father asked in frustration as he joined the group in the centre of the clearing, closely followed by young Jed with Lemba and Mayan.  Varan sat down on the raised stump like a teacher about to give a lecture.
‘Please sit down everyone,’ he said, ‘perhaps the time is right for the telling of tales.’
Gideon sat still only half listening as Sonal told the company his tale of the Guardians, his family who for generations had guarded the Bleak knowing most of the tale he had already heard.  The group looked animated under the silvery light of the moon and they did not notice as he slipped away from them to take a seat against one of the huge trees closely followed by Blue.  He had to think, he knew this whole business was about him and just who he was, so taking the unfinished carving from the pocket of his jerkin and the knife from his belt, he carefully began to ease slither after tiny slither from the figure, knowing it always helped him to think if his hands were busy.  Blue sitting close beside him put his huge head upon Gideon’s knee, even in the moonlight; the wolf’s eyes shone a piercing silvery Blue.  Gideon smiled at the wolf and scratched its ears.
‘Who am I boy?’  He whispered as brushed the tiny wood pieces from the wolf’s fur before he sat back to resume his carving.  The wolf nudged Gideon’s knee and Gideon looked up once more into eyes that were so blue and so deep he thought he would surely drown if he fell into them, eyes that seemed so fixed they could see into his very soul.  Gideon felt odd as his head became light and as he looked at the wolf, his hands continued to carve, piece by piece the razor sharp blade cut and gouged the wooden figure in his hands, taking a wedge here and a slither there.  The blade worked slowly and carefully as the figure was at last finished.  Shaking his head to regain control of himself Gideon smiled again at the wolf.
‘Don’t quite know what ‘appened there boy.’ he said, ‘day dreamin’ me da would ‘ave called it, ‘cept its still night.’  He looked over to his companions still listening to Sonal and turned back to his carving.  As he stared at the carving, he saw the face of the man he had seen in his grandfather’s house, his dream rescuer, he had been about to fall into… blue eyes, he thought, this man would ‘ave blue eyes…’  He could see in the wood carving an old man dressed in long robes, he pictured him as he had first seen him grey and blue robes, hair white, thick and glossy with a black streak running down one side.  Gideon knew he would have the bluest eyes he would ever see on anyone other than the wolf.
In the dream, the old man had extended his arm, his fist tightly clenched toward Gideon.  Gideon in turn had slowly raised his own hand, palm up and underneath the old man’s closed fist.
‘This is who you are my boy,’ the old man had said with a smile. Gideon had closed his hand over the object that dropped with a tinkling sound into his palm and it had been warm from the old man’s touch.
‘Open your hand when you are ready young Gideon,’ he had added. ‘I don’t unnerstand…,’ Gideon had replied.
‘Understand.’  The old man said, correcting his speech.  Gideon smiled and stood abruptly, staring at the now completed figure in his hand and he glanced around at the others to ensure they were still engrossed with Sonal’s story.
‘Don’t yer go tellin’ no one ‘bout this Blue,’ he said as the wolf rubbed its body against Gideon’s legs, ‘but, stranger things ‘ave ‘appened on this Journey,’ the wolf moved in front of Gideon to watch, its blue eyes dark and staring.  Gideon felt a bit of a fool but he had an idea he wanted to try.
Holding the figure still and at arm’s length, he held his other palm flat, open and beneath the clenched fist of the small wooden statue.
‘Who am I?’  He whispered quietly.
From the Dias, Sonal felt the sudden shift in the magic, something he had not felt since entering the forest, Varan looked at him enquiringly, it seemed most of the  company had felt something as they were all looking slightly dazed.
‘Gideon, look at Gideon…,’ whispered young Jed as he finally noticed his friend and brother was not among their small group but in the centre of a glowing ball of intense sparkling light across the clearing and as they watched Gideon began to fade into the brilliance.  Varan gasped with horror as the glowing ball grew brighter and brighter.
‘No… no…not here,’ he whispered as he hastily clambered to his feet, joining the others who were now also standing and watching as the light grew in intensity.
‘Gideon…,’ Mayan screamed as she felt him call to her and launched herself toward the ball of light.  Rhoàld grabbed her around the waist and pulled her to the ground preventing her headlong flight, sobbing she fought with him amongst the sweet smelling night flowers, as her desperate bid to reach Gideon failed.
The glowing ball changed as pinpoints of black appeared to mar its shiny brilliant surface, the tiny spots of darkness grew and expanded into small hexagons that also seemed to be growing, spreading out across the shape like water poured from a bowl across a clean floor.  Ribbons of light now ran like rivers of liquid fire around the sharp edges of the solid black shapes deeply embedded in the brilliance.  The hexagons continued to grow crushing out the intense sparkling light as they spread; leaving strange patterns deeply entrenched on the retinas of the impassioned watchers.  Through her tears, Mayan could see hundreds of tiny reflections of her own image, as the hexagons grew and finally joined as one with a sudden snap, tessellating, cutting the light from view.  For a moment the outline of the hexagons could clearly still be seen but then, as the change completed the large circle flattened and became still, deep black and solid looking, it stood quietly as if it were waiting.
The clearing now seemed dull in the moonlight as the glowing brilliance of the hexagon shape turned into smooth velvet darkness.  Its surface absorbing the available light, it seemed to pull the light toward it somehow.  Mayan, first to recover pushed Rhoàld’s hands away from her.
‘E needs me,’ she said as she clambered to her feet and walked slowly toward the darkness before her, determination making her voice stern.
‘Mayan, no…, it’s a gateway…,’ whispered Varan his voice full of horror.
‘Where’s Gideon?’  Asked his father worriedly as he too inched toward the silent gateway, ‘where’s me boy?’  He asked again as he reached the warm black shape hanging patiently in the air and he stood beside Mayan as she too silently stared hard into the glossy black substance, trying to find Gideon in its hidden depths.  ‘It’s warm,’ Jed said as he lifted his fingertip to touch the black surface.
Lemba still standing beside the dais reached out her hand to touch young Jed as Varan stood trembling next to her, his fear almost palpable.
‘NO,’ shouted Varan as he watched Gideon’s father also attempt to touch the oily black surface, ‘No, please…,’ he called again, as he quickly crossed the few feet between the mound and the couple standing before the shining black shape, his glance nervously moving quickly between the velvet nothing and his friends.  ‘Please come away, even now we are too close, far too close.’  Varan pleaded, as Gideon’s father hesitated, he heard the panic in Varan’s voice and holding Mayan’s arm securely he turned to him.
‘Well man, what is this?’  He asked quietly adding, ‘me son’s in there…’ the silence in the clearing became deafening.
‘Jed,’ Varan begged, ‘I have seen a thing a little like this before, in the bleak.  Things came through… Sonal tell them, behind the wall, the barrier at home …Sonal!’
As Varan stood before the darkly gleaming hexagon imploring Jed and Mayan to come away, the ivy around his feet spread and grew, silently entwining Varan’s ankles with its sinuous vines.  Varan turned to beseech Sonal’s aid in explanation of his home, of what lived behind the barrier the Guardian’s had protected all their lives and his movement caused the vines to tighten, Varan’s attempted stride, coupled with his feet caught up in the ivy made him trip, he fell headlong into Jed and Mayan.  Lemba saw the panic on his face as the trio fell against the seemingly solid surface of the gateway and they fell through.  The surface absorbing them as it did the light of the moon, it rippled and then steadied once more, the tiny undulating waves causing oily black colours to shimmer and shine as they made their graceful way to the edge of the circle.  It reminded Sonal of a pond near his childhood home where both he and his brother would skim stones on lazy days watching to see whose could make the most skips.  He grinned ruefully to himself remembering Varan had always won.  The gateway was now still once more and in just a few moments, their company had halved.
‘What d’ we do now?’  Asked young Jed, Rhoàld watched the light bend and play around the gateway as a tiny moth attracted to the light fluttered near to the inky black surface.  He watched as it make a wrong turn and disappear the way his friends had done, seconds later the moth reappeared fluttering toward the light once more.  Gasping with realisation, he walked toward the still shimmering disc.
‘Come on,’ he called, ‘it is a gateway, if we can go in, we can come out again, like a door… like a door.’  He said, and promptly walked straight through.
‘Well?’  Jed said looking at Sonal as he squeezed Lemba’s hand tightly for comfort, ‘do we or don’t we?’  Sonal touched the long scar on his jaw, made by the creature that had pulled Varan through the rift in the barrier so many years ago.
‘I’m not about to fail my brother again,’ he said as he walked toward the still surface, trying to force away the pictures of the monster that caused the scar.  ‘I’ll not lose Varan behind a wall again, so we may as well, don’t you think?’  He added as he slowly walked toward the darkness.  ‘After three then,’ said Sonal, when Jed and Lemba joined him next to the wall.  ‘One… Two…’
‘No, wait…’ interrupted Jed as he turned to Lemba, ‘If we are going ter die, I’m glad I knew yer,’ he said as Lemba lifted her hand to cup his cheek.  ‘I love you,’ she mouthed in reply as small tears fell glistening down her face leaving silver trails reflected by the moonlight.  Jed raised his hand and held the back of her head, loosening her carefully constructed braid allowing her hair to fall as freely as the tears.  The moonlight caught the soft silver tresses as a gentle night breeze blew them around the couple like a perfect silver shroud cocooning them in a separate world.  He pulled her toward him and kissed her, his tongue slipping easily between her lips into her open mouth and, for a moment, Lemba stiffened as she thought of her tongue, the rough stub left by Gath’s shears but as Jed kissed her, her mind filled only with him and the thoughts of a future that might never be.  If my life were to end now, she thought, I would die complete.  Sonal turned away; he felt like an intruder, instead he stared into the depths of the mirror like surface.  The wind took Lemba’s tresses and teased them gently as they crossed through the barrier of the gateway and returned moments later.  Sonal watched as Lemba’s silvery hair again seemed to pass through and return unharmed, his mouth opened to speak as he realised what Rhoàld had been trying to tell them as he walked toward the disc.  A door, it’s just a door.  He thought as a slightly red-faced Lemba appeared from behind the curtain of hair.  Jed was grinning happily like a dog with a bone and for the moment, all his cares were gone.
‘Hrummmp!’  Sonal said, feeling slightly embarrassed but privileged at witnessing such a tender moment, ‘shall we continue then?’  He asked with a smile as he linked his arm through Jed’s.  ‘Ready then, on three..., three…’  The three friends stepped directly into the darkness and vanished, leaving the clearing empty and silent, with no one to witness the pin points of light appear once more as the tessellation broke apart and the hexagons begin to shrink, becoming smaller and smaller until they too finally disappeared along with the brilliant light.


Chapter 26
The Valley


Gideon stared at the old man before him; he looked just as he had remembered from his dream, his blue eyes kind and sparkling with humour.
‘It took you a while longer than I anticipated young Gideon,’ he said as he dropped something from his closed fist into Gideon’s outstretched palm.  The sun twinkled through the leaves and caught the crystal in the silver pendant as it fell the short distance causing sparkles of dancing colour to race across his hand.  Gideon held the pendant by the chain, his free hand reaching up to his neck.
‘It’s like mine,’ he said, as he withdrew his own amulet and pulling it free from his neck held it next to the first.
‘They are not exactly the same,’ began the old man, ‘although they do look identical, watch...’ the old man said as he held out his hand once more, Gideon let the pendant fall softly into the man’s hand while allowing his own to fall back into his shirt.  As he watched the pendant with its chain nestling in the palm of the  man’s hand it began to glow, suddenly it was so bright Gideon could not look directly at it, as fast as the glow appeared it vanished taking the little silver and crystal amulet with it.
‘As I said they were similar and looked identical but yours was real.  Sometimes Gideon you must look outside the box and think laterally.’  The man smiled at him fondly and reached forward to lift Gideon’s chin, closing his open mouth.  Gideon thrust out his chin defiantly, angry for being treated like a child who could not learn his lesson.
‘Well then Surr, who am I?’  He asked again as the sun disappeared behind a cloud.  In reply, the old man held his arms wide indicating the area around them and Gideon noticed his surroundings for the first time.
‘Oh’ Gideon said breathlessly as he realised the tree they were standing by was the only full-grown tree in the area and it topped a green grassy knoll.  In the distance, he noticed some beautiful white stone buildings with a small river twinkling in sunbeams and running swiftly across the landscape like a ribbon of blue green cutting through the grass.
‘Where are we?’  Gideon asked.
‘In the years to come this will be a magnificent forest,’ the old man said, pointing around him at the various people busily filling the ground with small trees and plants.  Gideon blinked, somehow, the lay of the land looked familiar and a suspicion began forming in his mind.
‘Surr,’ he said seriously, turning again toward the man. ‘This may sound a bit odd but nowt about this ‘ole situation is not odd…, should I ask, when... are we?’  The man began to laugh.
‘It’s whole lad, not ‘ole, but let’s sit a while and wait,’ he said, smiling at Gideon’s pique for being corrected, his deep blue eyes twinkling.  He sat himself down leaning against the bole of the tree, quietly smiling up at Gideon’s scowl until Gideon too sat down on the soft grass and absently scratched an itch on his ankle; he stared at the old man wondering what was going on.  He had a thousand questions and wanted answers but the old man, satisfied that Gideon would do as he requested tipped his hat over his eyes and settled more comfortably against the tree.
‘We wait a while now boy…’ was all he would say as he folded his hands over his lean frame.
Gideon, tired and hungry ignored the rumbling in his belly and the slight itching of his skin and layback on the grass.  He stared up into the tree trying to focus his mind, wishing for a piece of wood to whittle and wondered about Mayan and his friends, whom he supposed were still sitting under the moonlight in the glade listening to Varan’s stories.  Blue had been with him when the old man had appeared in front of him, where was the wolf now he wondered.  No, Gideon corrected his errant thoughts, the wolf ‘ad been beside me but moved when I asked me question, the ole man ‘ad appeared where Blue ‘ad been…, Gideon sat up staring hard once more at the old man, not at all sure where his chaotic thoughts were taking him.  What did he know about the wolf, that he loved him, yes, that he had always known him, yes, never aging…, and in fact, didn’t he remember his father telling him he had been around when he had been a boy himself?  Then there were Blue’s eyes that distinct shade of deep piercing blue and not dissimilar to the man asleep under the hat!  He took a gulp of air and opened his mouth to speak his thoughts when in front of his eyes his father, along with Mayan and Varan all tangled together, fell through the air in front of him landing with a thud on the soft ground.  The old man lifted his hat and looked at the stunned group before him.
‘Hmmmm...,’ he said, adding, ‘wake me when everyone arrives will you Gideon, I’m rather tired.’  He pulled the hat down over his face once more and effectively ended any sign of continued conversation.
‘Where are we an’ what be goin’ on ‘ere boy?’  Asked his father, as he pulled himself up and helped Mayan to her feet; all the while looking suspiciously at the old man lying on the ground.
‘Where be this place Gid?’  Mayan whispered.
‘Don’t ask May,’ Gideon replied as she also looked around her, wholly relieved to be with Gideon once more she closed her mouth and much to Gideon’s surprise, for once did as he asked and said nothing more.
Just as his father opened his mouth to speak again, a voice came from under the hat.
‘Oh, hello Jed, nice to see you, nice to be able to talk to you too, without shouting I mean,’ Jed looked at the old man quizzically and glancing at his son raised his shoulders in silent question.  Gideon did not answer, so taking his cue from his son, Jed looked around once more, taking in his surroundings and sat down next to him rubbing his legs and arms absently, quietly puzzled, his eyes returned to the old man under the great tree.
Varan also said nothing but walked a few paces away from the group to look at the view before them from the edge of the knoll and turned to speak, when suddenly pain was evident on his face.  He turned his back to the company, his shoulders tense and gently heaving, finally he fell to his knees.  Gideon knew his friend’s brother was crying, was in pain somehow and wanted to help but was not sure how.
‘Leave ‘im boy, let ‘im ‘ave ‘is privacy…’ whispered his father as Gideon made to stand, so he stayed where he was and left Varan to work out whatever ‘it’ was alone.
Varan sobbed, not noticing as the sun came out and played over the pale and rainbow coloured dome that he had inadvertently walked through.  It covered the entire valley before him, almost but not quite up reaching up to the place where the rest of the group sat around the tree, a pearly, almost translucent barrier and very similar to the failing one he had grown up beside, the difference was that this one was whole and perfect.
There they rested, whispering quietly amongst themselves whilst they waited.  Eventually Rhoàld then Sonal, a smiling young Jed and Lemba stepped out from nowhere into the sunshine and joined the group on the grass.
Sonal rubbed his arms slowly and stared around him nervously, wondering if the gateway had closed behind them and they were stuck here, wherever here is, he thought as he revelled in the feeling of peace and acceptance that filled the very air they breathed.  Lemba walked to Varen and sat beside him as pain consumed her for a moment and tears filled her eyes, she swallowed hard repressing the lump in her throat and the pain passed as quickly as it had come.  Not understanding what had happened she assumed everyone had felt the same thing and ignored the sensation.
Excited voices welcomed the late comers as Gideon cleared his throat, Varan turned to the group, whatever demons that had held his thoughts completely gone as Lemba, her sudden pain also forgotten, smiled at the welcome and the hug Mayan gave her, feeling that she truly belonged for the first time in her life.  I would die for these people, she thought as she rubbed the roof of her mouth with the stub of her tongue to relieve an itch.  She could still feel Jed’s tongue as it had explored her mouth tenderly and as if in response to her thoughts, he moved to sit beside her, shivering gently as he sat and squeezed her hand.
‘Would yer look at that?’  Mayan cried, pointing to the dome that seemed to come down between them, almost cutting Varen, Lemba and young Jed off from the rest of the group.
‘It’s a dome of protection,’ Varan began and lifted his hand in wonder as he tried to touch the delicate fabric of magic in front of him, explaining as much as he could about the shiny iridescent barrier and marvelling at its strength and beauty as he did so.
Gideon had sat quietly whilst awaiting his friends and had been mulling over all he knew, or thought he knew so far.  Think laterally ‘e said, well let’s see iffen this is lateral enough fer ‘im, Gideon grinned at his thoughts and prepared to be laughed at.
‘Blue,’ he said taking a deep breath, everyone turned to look at him bar the old man who seemed to be sleeping.  ‘Blue,’ he called again ignoring the questioning glances from his companions.  ‘We be all ‘ere,’ he added as the man lifted his hat and raised his eyes to greet the small company.
‘Actually Gideon,’ he said, ‘my real name is Thaddrick, and it’s we are all here,’ he smiled as he corrected Gideon’s speech, his eyes belying the scold.  A hushed silence broke over the small group sitting under the tree, finally broken by Gideon’s father.
‘Well…, ‘By the Journey,’ iffen I can walk through a gateway from night ter day I think I can believe yer tellin’ the truth.  Though ‘ow comes yer be spending yer time as a wolf I dunno,’ laughed Jed as he pulled himself to his feet and walked over to the man still seated under the tree.  Standing before the man and bending down from the waist Jed peered closely into the old man’s eyes.
‘Yeah folks, thissen be Blue, I’d kno’ them eyes anywhere…’ he said and held out his hand to help the old man to his feet clapping the man’s back hard.
‘Remember this, Jed?’  Thaddrick asked, as he pulled open his shirt to reveal a jagged scar high on his shoulder. 
‘Well I’ll be…,’ Jed smiled again, ‘Blue, I never did thank yer fer saving me life,’ he said and pulled the old man into a tight embrace.  The rest of the group looked on clearly puzzled, unaware that as a wolf Blue had pulled Jed from the burning smoke filled cottage after he had tried to kill himself and been injured during the rescue.  Jed had cleaned and sewn the wound closed himself and nursed the wolf back to health.
‘Where are we Blue?’  Gideon asked, for what he felt was the fiftieth time as he rubbed at an irritating itch on his back.
‘You have guessed already I believe young man,’ Thaddrick answered, allowing the name of the wolf to stand.
‘This is ‘ome ain’ it’ Gideon stated matter of factly.  ‘This be Green ‘Ome Forest!’  The assembled company looked around them with puzzlement evident in their looks.
‘We travelled through the void, through time itself…,’ Varan said softly, turning to his brother, amazement written on his face.
‘How is this possible?’  Sonal asked.
‘No, ‘ow come yer a wolf?’  Young Jed asked as he stared incredulously, noticing for the first time the man’s colouring and eye colour really was exactly the same shade as the wolf he loved.
‘I will answer all your questions after we have eaten and rested but…,’ he said as he faced the company, spreading his arms wide encompassing the mighty shimmering barrier before them and the whole area within and smiled again.  ‘Firstly, let me say you were right, Gideon, this is Green Home Forest, or will be in time to come and welcome to my home.  Know that time in the outside world will not pass in quite the same way, however long you stay here so please, follow me,’ he said as he turned away from the company and began to make his way down from the summit of the grassy knoll.  Gideon crossed through the domes barrier and felt his blood begin to pound, he recalled Sonal’s tales of the bleak and shuddered but the feeling vanished as he saw the others experience something similar as they too passed through.
The small company had no option but to follow Thaddrick as he crossed through the verdant growth of small trees and bushes, all in various stages of new life.
‘I have the role of Verderer here,’ Thaddrick said as he walked on and the small company caught him up.  ‘I am in charge of the forest, maintaining its growth and health, as you know in time this will be one of the most magnificent forests on this world.’  Pride sounded in every word.  Sonal, hearing the meaning behind the phrase glanced at Varan and tried to reach for the roots of the magic, he desperately wanted to talk privately with his brother but as before, there was nothing.
‘There is magic in the air here,’ Rhoàld stated as they walked, ‘I can feel it,’ he added looking suspiciously at Thaddrick.  Apart from his recent activities, Rhoàld’s only other experience of magic had been with Gath and magic had always stood for blood and pain, over the last few months it had meant his own pain and Bastian’s death.  Thaddrick stopped walking and immediately turned to him.
‘I can see you have been used my friend,’ he said gently, staring at Rhoàld, Rhoàld stared back, there was something about the depth of Thaddrick’s eyes, he felt once more calmed and reassured.  ‘By the Journey’ you will not be used here.’  Thaddrick crossed his right arm over his chest and bowed from the waist completing the solemn vow.  Standing tall once more, he looked around at the assembled group.  ‘There is magic in the air, in the soil and all around us here, after you have eaten I will explain it all,’ he added as Rhoàld smiled regretfully at the old man.
‘My apologies for any offense I have given,’ he said, clearly relieved.
“Ere we go again with the ‘I’ll explain later’ speech,’ young Jed whispered to Gideon referring to the way he believed Varan had treated him during their escape from Devilly.  Gideon grinned at his friend who was obviously feeling as frustrated as he was himself.
The company moved forward once more across the grass, through the trees and toward the white brick buildings in the centre of the vast fledgling forest.
‘Come, come and be welcome…’ called Thaddrick as he made toward the largest of the white buildings, young Jed looked around him at the small clean houses, most with one story, a few slightly larger.  Everywhere colourful flowers grew in abundance and birds sang gaily, the very air seemed different, cleaner and full of life, in the distance Jed could see the silver flashes of fish as they jumped out of the river to catch flies and fell back into the water with a splash.
As they walked on through the cluster of houses, they passed a group of youngsters playing in the dust, their blond heads grouped together as they threw small stones up into the air and attempted to catch them on the back of their hands, with each success they would throw again and pick up another stone from the ground.
‘I know that game,’ young Jed whispered to Lemba as they passed.
‘Hello Thaddrick, wanna play?’  A young boy asked rushing to the old man’s side and pulling at his robe.
‘Thank you for the offer Jonus,’ Thaddrick replied adding, ‘and it is want to play, not wanna.’  Gideon smiled as Thaddrick ruffled the boys’ hair.  So it’s not only me ’e corrects then, he thought.  Leaving the boys playing, the group soon reached the largest of the white buildings, this one in the centre of the village.  Its tall walls and large windows marking it as the main building, one by one they entered through the stone archway denoting the front door.  Lemba last in the line followed the others inside; fervently wishing her mouth would stop itching.  A stray thought crossed her mind as she probed her mouth with her stub but she dismissed it straight away as absurd, there was no way Jed would have given her an infection from that wonderful kiss.
Thaddrick showed them into a large hall in the centre of which was a long table laid out with plates and glasses, large mirrors distributed around the room reflected the light from the windows giving the room a bright and airy feel despite the intense and heavy wall art.  A large fireplace situated at one side of the room was already set with logs ready to burn and numerous comfortable chairs and smaller tables were set around the fireplace, giving the room the appearance of a meeting place, or a hall for social events.
‘After you have eaten the council will welcome you but until then enjoy…’ Thaddrick said throwing his arms wide with obvious pride.  Lemba walked around the room looking at the walls covered in tapestries and hangings each depicting various colourful scenes from rolling hills covered in sunflowers to magnificent castles and icy cold mountains, the stitching was so delicate she imagined she only had to make a small step and she would be there, standing amongst the flowers and grasses.
‘This shows our home, a world called Arotia,’ Thaddrick had moved to stand beside her, he smiled offering her his hand and gently led her to the table now covered in food, wine and beer. ‘Please eat,’ he said and smiled as he continued, ‘after we are rested we will talk and explanations will be given.  For now though please avail yourself of anything you require.’  He smiled once more and left them alone walking slowly out of the room and young Jed looking at the food before him, grinned.
‘Well, I’m hungry,’ he said and sat down closely followed by the others.  Soon they were all eating and drinking, questions and explanations pushed aside for a time.  Lemba took a leg of chicken from a large plate and bit into it hard, rarely had she enjoyed such flavours.  She could taste garlic and sage, a creamy buttery taste and something else, she could not quite recognise the taste and bit into the chicken again, as a sudden excruciating pain exploded in her mouth and she swallowed hard choking on the large lump of chicken.
‘Lem, you all right?’  Jed asked, concerned as Lemba coughed, she shook her head and reached for a glass of water from the table.  ‘Lemba, yer bleeding!’ Jed said as he watched a trickle of dark red blood slowly run from the side of her mouth.  Lemba’s face turned white with shock, slowly she lifted her fingers to her mouth and with tears trembling on her lashes she pushed the chair back from the table and ran to the nearest mirror.
‘Lem...,’ called Jed as he too pushed his chair away, it crashed to the floor as Jed rushed across the room to follow her, worry obvious on his face.  The other members of the party became silent and still with suspicion apparent on their faces as they watched.
‘What is it, what’s wrong?’  Called Jed as he neared the silver-headed girl now kneeling on the floor her hands covering her face, he knelt beside her and lifted up her chin before taking her hands from her face.  Tension filled the room as the company looked toward the couple on the floor, toward Lemba, who now had tears coursing down her cheeks as looked up at Jed.
‘I…, I bit my tongue,’ she said, smiling through her tears, her voice cracking slightly, ‘Jed, I bit my tongue…’ she collapsed against him laughing gaily, her tears now shown as tears of joy.  Bemused, Jed held her there tightly and smiled.
‘There!’ said Rhoàld grinning madly and breaking through the stunned silence from the rest of the group, ‘what did I say, there is magic in the air,’ and taking a large piece of chicken himself, he too bit into it.  ‘Aahh, Rosemary, my favourite herb,’ he said and smiled as he chewed, sighing as fat dribbled down his chin.  The others laughed, slowly at first then loudly and gaily as the tension of the last few months began to melt away.
After the meal, Thaddrick returned with eleven men and women who solemnly stood before the now sated guests.
‘Welcome Gideon, welcome friends, we are the valley council and with Thaddrick as our lead we welcome you, be pleased to stay for as long as you require,’ an elderly man said as Thaddrick smiled and winked at Lemba.
‘I do not know how, but my tongue seems to have re-grown, I… I thank you Thaddrick.’  Lemba said as she returned Thaddrick’s smile and laughed as he held his hands over hers to steady her fingers as they flashed, faster than the words would come.
‘My thanks to you also,’ Jed added, standing beside his fiancée and offering his hand, Thaddrick extended his own and clasped forearms with the happy young man.  Finally, he turned back to the Lemba who had returned to the mirror and was poking out her tongue, studying it.
‘Lemba,’ he said a serious look upon his face.  ‘Whilst you are here the magic will allow your tongue to be whole, to be as you were, whole and perfect but once you leave I believe it will be as it was before.’  Jed took Lemba’s hands in his as she spoke again, as always; accepting whatever the journey threw at her.
‘Then I must talk enough now Thaddrick, for my voice to be remembered.’  She smiled sadly back at him and returned her gaze to Jed.  ‘Jed,’ she said quietly, ‘if I can never say it again I would say it now, I love you,’ Jed took the small girl in his arms and with tears threatening to fall and a lump in his throat he kissed her cheek.
‘I would know it, iffen yer never ever said it,’ he replied as Thaddrick moved away, quietly making his way across the room and sitting down at the head of the table, boys and girls all dressed similarly to the adults, with long flowing robes or togas were busily clearing the table.
‘Hello, my name is Roidan,’ began a small woman smiling as she approached them.  ‘I am first woman of the council, this room is our meeting hall and our communal room so don’t be surprised if you see people come and go all the time.  Our council is informal for the most part but as one we welcome you,’ she said as she moved to stand quietly behind Thaddrick, her hands on his shoulders.  Thaddrick reached up and patted her hand gently.  ‘When the time comes if you need any one of us to go with you we will and gladly,’ she added, smiling at Gideon.  Gideon felt like a fish in a bowl, it seemed all eyes were constantly moving toward him and he was pleased when the council moved away to sit in unallocated chairs about the large room.  Roidan alone stayed beside Thaddrick, she looked at him lovingly, before letting her hands slip to the chair back.
‘Please,’ Rhoàld said offering his chair to the standing woman, she shook her head and smiled her thanks, whilst Mayan raised her eyebrows at Gideon.
‘My friends,’ Thaddrick called to gain the attention of the travellers, he looked at Gideon’s father, ‘I know how much you love stories Jed and you too Gideon, I have a story to tell you, to tell you all,’ he added.
‘Blue, err Thaddrick, I just wanna know who, what, I am.’ Gideon stated matter of factly, ignoring as best he could the many pairs of eyes that still seemed to bore into his soul, for once the old man did not correct his speech as he replied and suddenly looked grave.
‘Soon Gideon you will know everything and wish you did not.’  Gideon shivered at his tone and remained silent as the other members of the party sat quietly around the long table and waited for Thaddrick to speak.


Chapter 27
Arotia


‘My story begins a long way from here, in another time and on another world.  A once beautiful world called Arotia.  I was born on that world, as were most of the people here.  Thaddrick looked around at his listeners and tried to study their incredulous faces.  Only Sonal and Varan do not seem surprised, he thought, but what I know of Sonal must also be true of Varan and they both know of the Bleak.  Trying not to let his thoughts run away with him, he began his story once more.
‘There was a long and terrible war, our world was dying…,’ he stopped again, once more trying to gauge the feelings of his audience.
‘How does this tell me who I am, Thaddrick?’  Gideon asked, impatient now that the moment for truth was here.
‘Lad, let the man speak,’ his father said from across the table.  Mayan put her hand onto Gideon’s as it rested on the hard wooden table.  Gideon looked down at the small pink hand, felt the soft gentle touch as it held his rough and callused skin and the tension flowed out of him.
‘It’s all right May, I be fine,’ he said looking at Thaddrick once more, Thaddrick rolled his eyes heavenward.
‘I am fine,’ he repeated after Gideon, smiling.  Gideon grinned suddenly, he did not know why Thaddrick seemed to take such delight in correcting his speech but it amused him to tease Thaddrick, though he was finding it hard to think that the wolf he loved was really a man.
‘How did yer become a wolf Thaddrick?’  He asked, ‘an’ ‘ow come yer belong ter us?’  He added.
‘Gid, I think yer’ll find that Blue belongs ter no one, ‘Jed said in reply to his son’s question.
‘Well then, I mean, ‘ow come yer was a wolf an’ stayed with us?’  Thaddrick laughed loudly.
‘How. You, and Were Gideon, but please, only one story at a time,’ he replied, “By the Journey’ you have questions enough to try the patience of the Gods,’ he laughed again as both Sonal and Gideon’s father nodded their heads in agreement.  ‘Now,’ he said ‘let me continue, just where was I?’
‘There was a war and the planet Aro… sommat was dyin’…’ called Mayan quickly as all eyes turned to her.  ‘What?’  She said, as she looked at her companions, adding, ‘I like stories…’ the group laughed softly and settled down again to listen to Thaddrick’s tale.
‘Arotia, not unlike this valley is a magical place and everyone was born into magic.  Those strong in magic became mages, dedicating themselves and their abilities to ensuring the health and happiness of the people.  A long time ago one of these mages became corrupted by the power at his command, he was known as the Gatherer because of his habit of gathering followers of weak minded and greedy fools and he, along with his followers were the ones destroying our home, albeit unintentionally, but destroying it all the same.  He became all-powerful using an outlawed form of magic that allowed him to herd his unwitting followers like sheep, these followers became known as Gathersmen.  The Gatherer himself began using them and their own inherent magic for his own gain using false promises of wealth and position and they gave their blood willingly to advance the Gatherer’s game, becoming dependent upon him for everything.’
Rhoàld stood, breathing hard, his hand reaching for his neck and the scar Gath had left him with as a reminder that he belonged to the king.
‘Please Rhoàld,’ said Thaddrick, ‘this will be hard for you to listen to but my vow stands, you will not be used, we would not use you any more than we would use Gideon.’  Rhoàld slowly sat once more though he seemed tightly wound up, like a coiled spring waiting for release.
‘Please, none of you will be harmed, in this place time stands almost still, this land has magic of its own and, well, if you can close your eyes and listen, you will hear the truth of my words.’  Young Jed stared at Thaddrick, what does he mean, time almost stands still, he thought but as no one else had seemed to notice, he said nothing.  Once more Thaddrick began speaking and as one by one the company closed their eyes they found themselves watching as the story took on a life of its own, the listeners seemed to be part of the tale, imagined themselves there, watching silently as the events unfolded.
‘The Gatherer constantly challenged authority and with his growing number of followers caused conflicts all over his home region, people unaffected by his charisma and undoubted charm strove and fought to get back loved ones they believed had been spelled.  He began experimenting with the magic causing inexplicable damage and untold death, eventually the entire population of a small village disappeared in a spell that went horribly wrong, only then did the Council of Parton, the major city of Boetesh finally act.  Some say too late, but the council managed to capture Gatherer and many of his chief disciples, bound and imprisoned for the study and the use of illegal Blood Magic they awaited their fate as the council then deliberated over punishment. The council’s decision was to re-educate the people who had fallen victim to the Gatherer’s charm, as it was the humane thing to do.  The wise and loyal men of the ancient kingdoms had long ago outlawed this type of magic, Blood Magic, knowing it to be a form so destructive and evil, so old and rare that most people believed it nothing but folklore and superstition.  However, one could still feel the air turn to sand if the subject ever came up late at night and around the old and fearful.
Underestimated by the council and enraged by his incarceration the Gatherer and his men plotted escape and they chose their moment well.  A celebration, held for the supposed ending of the Gatherer’s power and a return to peace allowed for leniency toward other inmates of the prison and in honour of the occasion, the council declared a day of visits from families, loved ones and priests.  It was permitted of course, in the belief that it would help rehabilitate the prisoners.  A sudden and dreadful storm occurred during the visit and whilst every available mage was out helping to calm the tempest and counteract the damage it was causing, the Gatherer managed to escape from his cell.  He stealthily released his men and together they killed their fellow prisoners, their families and the guards, they made their way out of the storm-ravaged city passing through the city gates and again running as freemen.
The Gatherer and his surviving aides again began to use blood magic freely; they became stronger than ever commanding vast armies.  The Council of Parton was at a loss, not knowing how the Gatherer had suddenly become so powerful.  Gathersmen in their hundreds rose up and lashed out against the Council, the war and hostility now spreading across the globe.  Over time, a Council of Schools was created, with a mage from every nation offered a seat, all in an effort to stop the Gatherer.
Years of war, both magically and physically violent followed, great armies of the Council Loyalists and Gathersmen marched and battled until, it seemed, there was not a continent on the planet that was unaffected by the vicious war, not one soul untouched by the death of a loved one.  People died in their millions, whole communities were wiped out as the old, the frail died and the men and boys would follow the Gatherer’s banner.  Still, the schools mages could not work out why he was so strong, why people flocked to fight and die for him.
Eventually common soldiers forgot why they fought; the only thing they knew was the fight itself.  Then the planet’s very core began to falter under the stress of everlasting war and pain, the Gatherer gained the upper hand, his men infiltrated the Council at its heart, using the blood magic so abhorred by civilised society, he devised a way of extracting the minds and souls of certain chosen men, the most powerful members of Arotian society.  He replaced them with the souls and minds of his own followers, men loyal without question to him; these chosen and extracted souls were contained and held within spent spell crystals, crystals whose magic had been used up, and were now no more than pretty ornaments waiting like sponges to be refilled.
These stones, mined from the mountains of Dakar and used for good were born again, born of blood magic and they became powerful artefacts for evil.  A source of a power the Gatherer and his closest men had never imagined or even hoped for, here in these once spent crystals the stolen souls would remain until the stone shattered finally allowing its release.  Freed at last it would continue its journey into the afterlife.  Once empty of a soul, the original fallen bodies, now just empty shells of men, remained to wither and die, so great pyres were constructed where the bodies were burnt.  Those that missed the fires were left to rot and decay with wild animals and even insects refusing to prey upon the corpses, somehow knowing they were evil.
The Council of Schools and the people had fought using all the power they safely could but the evil that was the Gatherer and his followers had virtually triumphed.  The battles had gone on too long, the war had to stop before the planet died and all died with it.  The warring factions had almost drawn the planet asunder and had had a cataclysmic effect on the core of the planet itself.  The once stable but molten centre became volatile as the countless magical barrages devastated the population with disease and malnutrition becoming rife, wiping out entire regions, small pockets of people survived only to die of starvation as food stocks and clean water became scarce.
Now on the verge of complete collapse magically enhanced explosions tipped the planets axis out of true, causing climate change, flooding and drought.  The seas boiled, life was almost gone from the roiling waters as ice melted, mountains fell and buildings lay in ruins after constant earthquakes.  Volcanic action in the South Seas filled the very air needed to sustain life with toxic waste from the bowels of the planet, the sun was hidden behind by vast clouds of red dust and debris, everywhere around the globe, life was being extinguished, but still the Gatherer and his followers fought on.  The world, our world of Arotia was dying, shaking itself into oblivion.
In desperation, the few remaining leaders of the allies, once a part of the council had gathered for a final summit at Parton, thought to be the only remaining populated capital.  Amid the trembling earthquakes and falling masonry...,’ Thaddrick stopped speaking, Roidan knowing these were painful memories squeezed his shoulders once more.  Lifting his left hand, he placed it over hers and started speaking again.
‘An envoy was dispatched to the Gatherer with a message.  ‘Peace, we beseech you,’ it read but the head of the envoy was returned in reply, the Gatherer did not want peace; he wanted to rule the world.
The fabric of the world was coming apart as spell crystals were becoming scarce, of the crystals on which the councils magic focused, only a few remained.  Their source, the mountain ranges of Dakar had been heavily mined and fought over, once beautiful beyond measure the mountains now lay in an area where life was not possible.  The few crystals that did remain in Parton were weak but it was unknown if the magic of the crystals alone would be enough to save the world.  At last the planet itself began to vibrate constantly, as if it were just waiting to explode and a gentle hum filled the air continually as it shook.
One of the council members conceived a simple plan, so simple it was almost idiotic.  There was considerable doubt about its success but they had no other choice, although the price for success, the price in balance for Arotia’s survival, would be high they had no other choice.  Théoden...’
Again, Thaddrick stopped and Gideon peeped out from under his lashes, he was not surprised to see Thaddrick’s eyes mist over.  He glanced quickly at Mayan whose own eyes were tightly closed but as Thaddrick resumed his story all trace of the tears Gideon had seen were gone, he closed his own eyes once more and watched as the pictures again filled his mind.
‘Théoden, First Mage of Schools had spoken long with his peers, the Council of Mages.  All were in agreement, all wanted the very slim chance to evacuate some of the people and save a little of the culture of Arotia, the planet and the few remaining inhabitants that could not be evacuated were to be left to fate and courage.
A few months before, a follower of the Gatherer, a man named Astin, was caught as he attempted to steal the soul of a Mage named Themos.’  Thaddrick faltered again, it had been so long since he had spoken this name aloud.  Roidan squeezed his shoulder once more; he swallowed hard and yet again resumed his tale.
‘Themos was too strong a mage for Astin and forced his surrender.  Under a spell of truth, Astin confessed to his crimes, confessed to the theft of minds and of souls.  Finally, he told of the Gatherer’s pact with a Demon from the void, this was the reason the Gatherersmen and their leader had become so powerful almost overnight.’
‘Demon…!’ mouthed Mayan, almost smiling at the absurdity of it and peeked at Gideon from beneath half-closed eyes, Gideon did not respond and Thaddrick had stopped talking again, so Mayan closed her eyes once more.
Thaddrick himself shuddered; he thought of the arrogance and the mistaken leniency the Council of Parton had shown the Gatherer and his men whilst it had held them captive and from that arrogance, the beginning of the final mage war.
‘My friends,’ Thaddrick said slowly, ‘the next part of my tale is taken from a memory orb, a pulse of magic if you like an orb that can collect or show memories in their truth.  I warn you now, although very old it is still very potent, the sound, ‘Thank the Journey,’ has long since corrupted, although I will narrate.  I show you only because I want you to understand what the council was up against at this time.  This memory was taken from Astin and for this, you will need to open your eyes as it was not my memory although I have seen it many times, it pains me as much now as when I first saw it.’
As everyone opened their eyes, a light began to glow from a small box Roidan placed in the centre of the table.  The light grew and expanded, pulsing as if it had a heartbeat of its own, the light in the room dulled as it sucked into the ever-growing orb now spinning, even as it thinned and expanded on the tabletop.  People appeared within the yellowy light, some old, some young, men, women and children all silently screaming and then falling silent.  Mayan could see tears running down faces and knives flashing as throats were savagely sliced open one after another.  Everywhere there was blood, deep red blood.  She saw the back of a girl’s head so close to her she thought she could touch it, a hand; my hand she thought, even as she realised it was not her own hand but the hand of the man Astin, whose memories she was watching.  The hand reached out and pulled the girl’s head back by the hair.  A flash of silver and she tasted blood, felt hot, warm blood flowing over the knife used to slice open the child’s throat and she felt herself stutter in her song as she licked her lips to rid herself of the blood splatters.  By the journey ‘e were singin’ as ‘e killed ‘er, she thought feeling sick and wiping away real tears of horror and shame that she should be watching such a thing.  Strewth Gid, what’s this got ter do with you?  She asked herself silently and closed her eyes with a loud sob, unable to watch anymore.  Instead, she listened as Thaddrick told the tale the others were watching.
‘As I have already said, the people and the Council of Parton held a celebratory party on the Gatherer’s initial detention where he and his men plotted escape.  In desperation, they killed their guards and herded the rest of the prisons hapless inmates, along with their families into the great dining hall where he held them captive.  Here, led by the Gatherer himself they performed a dangerous spell of summoning.  In their self-congratulation, thus their arrogance and arrogance surpassed only by the Gatherer’s own, the council believed the gatherer and his power were at last contained.  Never had they been so wrong.  The skies darkened and the wind and waves lashed the castle above them as they sang their spell, the balance for the extraordinary spell was the frightful storm that raged above Parton.  Trees uprooted and great ships in the harbour were flung around like mere flotsam, whilst the city mages struggled to calm the unexpectedly bad weather, attempting to prevent damage and loss of life.  The Gathersmen themselves blindly began to chant with their master as one by one, the captive men, women and children lost their lives; their throats cut with ruthless savagery.  Their blood used as a sacrifice to appease the Dark Magic’s balance, as the victims bled, and screamed, their pain also joined the song of summoning and a discordant noise filled the air.  Exultant, the Gatherer sliced his own wrist and sang of death and promise as he watched his lifeblood fall away in a deep scarlet stream.  When he weakened, his followers changed their song, cutting their own wrists, pouring their own power into their master, giving him their support, their aid in his spell.  Finally, for the first time in the history of the worlds a rent in the barrier of the void, the place between worlds and between times appeared briefly and the Demon slipped through.  The Gatherer was half-dead with his own his soul, black and iniquitous, clinging to his body by a thread even as he bargained.  The Demon offered a powerful compulsion spell, a worldwide compulsion, a glamour that eventually drew men and women alike into the Gatherer army.  In return, as the Gathersmen and their victims died and began their journey into the afterlife, their souls, up to a thousand, thousand would belong to it, belong to the Demon.  The Gatherer himself it was agreed, would keep only a select few.’
‘It’s finished May,’ whispered Gideon placing his warm hand over Mayan’s, ‘It’s ok, it’s done,’ he whispered again as he wiped a tear from her wet face.  Thaddrick was still speaking as she turned and clung to Gideon tightly, once more closing her eyes and quickly becoming reabsorbed in Thaddrick’s story.
‘In exchange for the memory orb, leniency was offered to Astin and he accepted, this at least gave him a chance for life, he was offered a place on the exodus from Arotia and he accepted.  Themos was able through Astin’s treachery to plant a hidden link in his mind and through this link; he was able to read the mind of Astin’s master.  A dangerous, tentative connection, barely there and although unable to influence the Gatherer actions, information via the link enabled the Council of Mages for the first time to capture and hold all the known sympathisers and infiltrators within the castle, the deed was kept silent by using one of the last precious spell crystals.  Then the council sent another envoy to the Gatherer, this last with just one message.
‘We offer surrender,’ it said.  Arotia was to be handed to the Gatherer and his followers in a ceremony to be held at a place of his own choosing.  Théoden and the council knew this was the pivotal point in their plan, a last ditch attempt to save if not themselves and their planet, at least part of their culture.  This plan, so simple in its conception had to work.  Their hopes centred on their enemy being reliable in his vanity, in his absolute certainty that he was the victor.
To vast relief, the Gatherer, drunk with ambition and elation at his final triumph accepted the terms of the surrender and with arrogance, he himself demanded the handing over of power to take place in the Chamber of Justice, at the heart of Parton Castle, a fitting place he believed, for a new ruler to begin his reign.
This had been a moment of joy, tinged with infinite sadness for Théoden and his fellow mages, for the plan to work and the Demon’s spell to be countered, the ceremony had had to be in the great chamber.  The balance needed was great indeed; Théoden hugged his beloved wife and infant son goodbye, knowing he would never hold them again.
‘We’ll meet again my loves,’ he said, ‘we’ll meet on the ‘Journey.’’
Mayan let the tears fall from her eyes as she watched the woman bravely holding her son and kissing her husband goodbye.  There was such love between the two people Mayan could feel it, it almost broke her heart to see the beautiful woman let a single tear fall as the man gently stroked her cheek with his finger.  She reached for Gideon’s hand knowing he was seeing the same things and hoping Gideon could feel the love she felt for him.  She could have stayed there watching the couple but the pictures changed once more, as Thaddrick continued to speak.
‘The Gatherer arrived at the appointed hour with the majority of his vast army left outside the castle walls in the remains of the once beautiful stone city.  He rode with his entourage of mages through the gates, amazed at how much of the city and its castle had survived the constant earth tremors.  Taking great lungfulls of the magically cleaned air, he rode on toward the heart of the castle and, he believed, his destiny.
The enormous circular room built entirely of grey stone and crystal, had so far managed to withstand the constant explosions and rocking of the earth.  Large glass panels adorned the walls around an outer walkway where stone columns supported a vast crystal ceiling; this filled the room with light, both natural and reflected, making the vast hall seem infinite in its proportions.  Magic was a tangible thing here in this hall, the Gatherer’s skin tingled as his blood responded to the magic he could feel in the very fabric of the air.’
Varan gasped aloud, his mind in a whirl; the pictures Thaddrick was drawing in his mind were images he was as familiar with as his face.  The tattoo Gath stripped from my back had depicted this place, the rock carvings I made in my cell... all a crude attempt at copying this... this chamber.  Varan shook his head to clear his thoughts as Thaddrick continued unaware of his confusion.
‘The Gatherer, looked about him and found what he sought, he locked eyes with the leader of the Council of Schools, Théoden.  The man was standing across the vast hall with his family, one hand holding his wife who looked from where he stood as if she had been crying, she held her infant in her arms, Théoden’s other hand rested on the shoulder of a young man who stood beside him.  One of Théoden’s reclusive older brothers, whom the gatherer had never seen but knew all about from spies, was standing to the other side of the boy, he was almost hidden behind a pillar mumbling to himself and scribbling into a book.’
Listening to Thaddrick’s words, the vision remained real and the company watched as behind their eyes the drama continued to unfold, they could almost feel the thoughts and fears of the people in the great hall.  Mayan shuddered, as her perspective became that of the Gatherer himself.
Themos, the Gatherer smiled, he had sent a spy to take that particular individual.  Quickly as he tried to reach the man’s mind a light headed feeling suddenly enveloped him, then disappeared as fast as it had come.  No… nothing, Astin must have been unsuccessful, he thought, strange though… he stared hard at Themos contemptuously; unable to believe Astin had failed, he had until now believed Astin had orchestrated the surrender.  The old fool is still mumbling, he thought as he caught sight of Themos staring at him.
Looking once more about him and ignoring the small sounds of warning in his head he continued into the vast hall.  He stepped over the circular outer walkway, between the outer walls of the hall and through two of the twelve majestic pillars that dominated the space, as if they were legs reaching high into the air supporting the vast crystal ceiling, his eyes never leaving those of his defeated opponent.  At the very base of each pillar stood a robed mage, head bowed and hooded, arms held across chests and hands locked between large sleeves.  More of this defeated council, he thought.
At any other time, the Gatherer would have taken a moment to admire and gloat over what he considered was now his but always impatient, he moved to the centre of the room where a raised stone dais held a granite throne, encrusted with beautifully coloured gemstones.  His entourage moved as one to shadow the Schools mages around the gallery.  Although vain, the Gatherer was not a stupid man, he had taken precautions to ensure every member of his company was a battle mage.  If this was a trap then he was prepared, his own Demon enhanced magic combined with the magic of his men was enough to know the outcome of any battle within these walls would still see him as the victor.
As the Gatherer walked the last few steps to the raised stone platform, the earth again began to shake making him stumble up the stone steps of the circular dais.  Reaching forward to stop himself from falling completely, he placed his hands on the floor for support.  The stone was surprisingly smooth and cool, the Gatherer let his fingers hold the cool polished granite as the quake continued to rumble from deep underground.  Valeria, Théoden’s wife held her breath as the Gatherer seemed to stroke the stone beneath his fingers, the stone remained solid but an inch either way and the Gatherer would have felt the invisible and intricate symbols carved into it, entirely encircling the crystal and gem studded stone chair above.  Another shake of the earth and the quake passed allowing the ceremony to continue.  Standing once more, the Gatherer took his position on the raised dais to accept the surrender of Arotia.’
Gideon opened his eyes, he felt sick and his mind whirled, he held on to Mayan’s hand for support.  He thought he could feel the earth beneath him shaking and the air turning to violence and death.  Thaddrick continued to speak as he watched Gideon and his reaction to the story.  Roidan moving quietly placed her hands over Gideon’s eyes encouraging him to close them once more and ‘see’ as Thaddrick spoke.  Gideon’s lids closed and Roidan returned to her place behind her husband.
‘Théoden, watched by his silently weeping wife walked toward the Gatherer with the emblem of the schools, the circlet, its thick band of gold and powerful twelve sided diamond symbol held high in his hands and knelt upon the first step still holding the emblem high, his head bowed as if in defeat.’
‘Théoden, place the crown upon my head yourself, it will show to the world your complete acceptance of me,’ said the Gatherer as he lowered himself on to the beautiful throne.  Suddenly as he sat, blue lights in the stone dais surrounding the throne seemed to come alive through the deeply carved spell symbols, they swirled about him and grew in intensity.  Within moments, a stone and glass cell with a small crystal atop it had surrounded the Gatherer and looking up he could see a second larger crystal suspended above that.
‘Treachery,’ the evil one screamed as the magic closed about him holding him fast.  He screamed in vain as another, last fearsome battle ensued, the Gathersmen cut off from their master and lost without his supporting Demon enhanced strength behind them began to fall and everywhere skin itched as battle magic imbued the air.
The Gatherer screamed repeatedly in frustration as he realised Théoden and his mages had set wards on his cell, powerful protection spells against assault from the inside, captured by deception he raged, knowing the fault was his own.  He could do nothing but watch in anger and intense frustration as his eleven chief followers fought and died one by one; he felt their loss of power keenly as each man fell to the embrace of death and appointment with the Demon.  All around the castle, the invading army of Gathersmen began to waken from the compulsion spell as its source, the Gatherer weakened, weary and scared they began to crowd into the castle grounds looking for clean air.
Another earthquake began to rumble across the land in response to the abundance of spent battle magic, the floor of the cell along with the great room began to heave and buck, the crystal of the cell stretched and thinned threatening to break.
The quaking ground at last began to quieten once more amidst screams of pain and death, then a last massive contraction of the earth and the quaking eased.  The Gatherer still held fast in his ornate cell noticed a tiny crack, a weakening in one corner of the crystal ceiling above his head, hope soared in his evil soul but fell just as quickly as the warding held.
The soft cries of the wounded and the silence of the dead became ominous and he could feel the dead souls swirling throughout the chamber, their secret onward journey not yet begun.  From his warded cell, he watched as the fallen, both mage and Gathersmen alike were carried away quietly and quickly.  Hate filled his black heart; he was incensed, captured by a simple trick.
Injured and holding a bloodied arm across his chest, Théoden stood with his back to the Gatherer, the emblem of schools still in his one good hand; he solemnly walked across the detritus of battle to his eldest son and gently placed it on his head.  Kissing his wife’s hand once more he moved back to take his place at the base of one of the two pillars so recently defended by a schools mage.  Not once did he look upon his vanquished enemy.  To his left a second mage claimed the base of the only other vacant pillar, Théoden smiled sadly at his friend and as if a silent signal had been given, the remaining school’s mages began to chant, just softly at first, a low harmonic drone easy to listen to and almost intoxicating in its fervour.
The Gatherer remained a silent watcher in his opulent prison; although still held fast he began to itch again.  His skin crawling almost unbearably, like a million spiders feeding on him all at once and he could feel incredibly strong magic as it was used against him, somehow it was being drawn from him and in a way he just could not fathom.  He silently screamed in fury as he frantically worked on the tiny crack unnoticed, mumbling and chanting himself, loosening and unravelling the warding spells holding his own weakened power at bay.’
Varan and Sonal sitting close together at the table and so engrossed in the tale, added their own voices to the mages chant, a chant they knew, a chant they had learnt as boys at their father’s knee.
‘Outside his cell the chanting increased, the tones changed, building in intensity and volume until the vast hall was almost vibrating and the crystal ceiling began to resonate in reply to the music and singing of the mages.  Inside the cell the air began to thicken, bright colours began to swirl and bend in front of the Gatherer’s eyes, pink swathes of silken air turned to red then purple.  Yellow and green ribbons of colour began to dance and mingle with the purple, running like rivers of light and as his world spun, becoming lighter and brighter, then darkness began to gather in the very centre of the cell.  A spinning vortex was born ever growing darker and denser in colour as it changed shape and took on the form of a hexagon, another appeared then another and another, until finally, as the world turned black around him the hundreds of hexagons tessellated and seemingly became solid.  He felt changes within his own body and being, he began to expand and darken, he felt as if he was thinning out, that he was losing substance somehow, that he was becoming one with his cell.
Through eyes that were no longer eyes, he watched in astonishment as for the very first time he looked upon his soul as a tangible thing, black and evil.  His cell expanded with him as the darkness held, fused into its hexagonal shape, it stopped briefly then grew again though it shimmered like a liquid, a deep, dark black velvety nothing.  Still the singing increased, infusing his brain with unwelcome hope for Arotia.  His fragile mind began to lose its grip on sanity as he tried to see himself as a man within the confines of the crystal prison and as the singing continued he found a certain peace, a ‘oneness’ with his insanity.
Suddenly the singing stopped, a complete silence filled him.  Emotion for the moment suspended, he could still see the mouths of the battle hardened mages opening and closing, he could see the crystal ceiling above him vibrating and the enormous hanging crystal spinning, he felt nothing, could hear nothing, he had become one with the still, velvet darkness.  He watched the scenes unfolding before him in the Chamber of Justice ardently, he could see scores of people gathering, pouring out of doors and corridors all leading to the chamber.  Where have they come from?  He thought dispassionately as the lines of people, all carrying boxes and crates, old, young, mage and novice alike gathered before Théoden.  Théoden smiled fondly at the people before looking lovingly again at his wife.  His voice, still held in thrall by the song faltered slightly before strengthening once more.  From all societies and all lifestyles, Théoden had gathered these refugees, the last hope of a dying planet.
Thaddrick, Themos’s twin and Valeria, Théoden’s wife led the procession, his hand lightly on her elbow, her arms holding her small son tightly, as if she would never let go.  Absently he watched Themos as he ran from the crowd and thrust something into Valeria’s hand; it sparkled as brightly as the tears coursing down her silent face.  She walked past her singing husband with dignity and sorrow in every movement.  Turning to look at him one last time she mounted the dais, and glanced toward her eldest child still standing on the walkway near his father.  She smiled sadly and turned as she stepped toward what he, the Gatherer had become.  Toward him, into him, through him…and disappeared!’
‘No...,’ Mayan whispered, as she watched the pair separate.  She could feel the despair of the woman and the hopelessness of the man, Théoden as they realised they would never see each other again.  With silent tears coursing down her face she felt Gideon squeeze her hand and she gathered the strength to remain within Thaddrick’s story.
‘In his altered form the Gatherer realised the people were not reappearing on the other side of him.
‘Where are you going, what’s happening?’  He tried to ask as the cortege passed through.  There was no answer but suddenly wave after wave of strong emotion assaulted his peace, both hope and sadness, fear and joy.  Fury overcame him once more, a new awareness of his situation.
‘I can still feel their souls Théoden Mage,’ he shouted noiselessly and fervently began again to work on the cracked glass he knew was there but could not see.  He could feel the people’s pain of leaving; their terror of him, and their fear at going to an unknown place and their intense fear gave him strength.  He became aware he had transformed, changed somehow into a gateway, a door, to where?  He thought, knowing the mages were using his own powers against him.  Inwardly he seethed; how he hated them, the mages for their deception and the people of Arotia for their rejection of him.
The long procession of people continued to pass through him, their emotions sickening and cloying.  A tingle of recognition slid down the spine he knew was there somewhere within the great doorway that he had become.  Astin, a worthy and willing soul, a traitor to me it seems, his brain whirled at a fervid pitch as an idea crept in amidst the chaos that had become his mind.  Can I do this?  Dangerous I know but I will die anyway he thought, smiling with lips that could not be seen, he continued to mumble with the mouth he no longer had.  Time seemed to stand still as he pondered the ramifications of transferring his own condemned soul into another body at the same time as installing the stolen soul into his own.  Never before had this been attempted, the old body previously had just become an empty shell and died, the soul itself lost forever to a prepared crystal to be used for magic until it too exhausted of power or was shattered.  A complete swap! he knew it should work, prayed to all the Demons of the void it would work.  My Journey will not, cannot begin now, he thought.
Within him, the people continued their passage to the unknown.  He doubled his efforts at the now small hole in the cell’s warding and finally rewarded, he began to draw power from the dead souls still lingering in the great chamber but it was not enough, he needed more.  He screamed in frustration and as if in answer to his silent scream, another furious rumble and shaking of the earth began.  In his soundless state, he watched as cracking stone and rending glass flew about the hall as the earth moved.  The air shimmered with dust from the disturbed mortar and shards of glass sliced through unprotected skin adding drops of glistening red blood to the thickening air.
The Gatherer smiled sensing the fresh blood and added power and began again to attempt the transfer; Themos mumbling behind the pillar opened his eyes in horror.  The massive earthquake convulsed the planet, at its height, the mages lost their concentration as the solid stone floor heaved like an angry sea and the great magical doorway snapped shut trapping people on both sides.  Thus, the Councils arrogance had allowed the beginning of the mage wars and the Gatherer’s arrogance, allowed its end, and our escape.’
A loud sob emanated from the back of the room as Thaddrick spoke of arrogance and the sob rebounded among the people like an echo, he looked at his audience, his face grey and tired and he finally stopped speaking.
‘What happened?’
‘Why have you stopped?’
‘Where did the people go?’  Questions came at him from all sides of the table and Thaddrick sighed deeply.
‘We came to Earth, to this planet; to the part of it now known as the Bleak...’ Thaddrick answered looking intently at Sonal and Varan and catching their own inquiring glances to each other.  Gideon’s father pushed back his chair and walked to Thaddrick who seemed to have shrunken into his body, his pallor pale and wan, he smiled at Roidan as she moved aside.
‘Ole friend,’ he said as if he were talking to Blue, ‘ole friend, go rest, we’ll talk some more when yer rested,’ he said, holding the old man’s shoulder.  Thaddrick placed his hand over Jed’s and smiled at the group.
‘I agree I am just a little tired, it’s hard to relive it all in such detail.’  He said.
‘Yer be the Thaddrick from yer tale then, yer went inter the gateway,’ stated Gideon, ‘jus ‘ow ol…,’ a questioned formed on Gideon’s lips and quickly changed as he corrected his own speech fully aware that Thaddrick’s appraising stare had reverted to him once more.  ‘How old are you?’  He asked slowly, the unfamiliar sounds of the words on Gideon’s lips made Mayan smile despite her sadness and pique at the unfinished story.
‘Very, very old, Thaddrick replied with a smile, ‘remember, I told you while we were on the hill that here in this place, time itself stands still, or it seems to, Jonus for example, the child we met as we walked here, was but an infant when we crossed through the portal.  As I said before I will explain it all, but please just have a little more patience.’  He stifled a yawn.
‘… but I still want ter, to know who I am?’  Said Gideon angrily as his father spoke, looking around the table attempting to forestall any more questions.
‘Rest now then, Blue, iffen yer well enough, tell us the rest termorra, we can wait, after all we’ve waited this long, ain’t we Gideon!’  He gave Gideon a stern look and nodded toward the old man, Gideon seeing the tired and worn look on Thaddrick’s face suddenly felt ashamed of his behaviour.  Like Gideon, Varan too still had something to say.
‘You are an ancient, I should have guessed,’ said Varan as he looked meaningfully at his brother, ‘he is like us.’
‘Actually,’ the old man said, smiling slowly, taking in both men with his smile, ‘you are like me.’  Gideon looked across at his father again before turning his thoughts back toward the old man, he began to mull over in his mind everything he had heard and trying desperately to work out how this affected him and who he was.
‘What happened to those left on Arotia?’  Mayan asked adding, ‘did Valeria ever see Théoden again?’
‘My own tale of Arotia ends there,’ Thaddrick continued, ‘what I know of Themos and his part of the story is only what I have pieced together from his healing of me, and our mind link.’
‘Blue, eh… Thaddrick, sorry, what d’yer mean ‘ealing, yer never said yer got ‘urt…,’ Gideon’s father said, his concern for the older man obvious, Thaddrick smiled at him warmly and spoke again to the group.
‘My friends, that is truly another part of a long story and with your permission will wait for tomorrow, I will, as Jed has suggested, resume the tale then.  For now the others will show you to your rooms.’  Thaddrick pushed back his chair, stood and turning back to Gideon’s father smiled again warmly and hugged him tightly.
‘Jed, it really is so good to finally meet you, as I am meant to be,’ he said, releasing him from the embrace and walking slowly away, his form suddenly looking frail and weary as he crossed the room.
Whilst Thaddrick had been talking, unnoticed by the small group around the table, the room had filled with people, each listening to the tale as they had done.
‘Goodnight Thaddrick,’ was called repeatedly as he passed by, leaving the people talking animatedly about what they had heard and seen, none more so than the group from Green Home Forest.
As more people began to filter out of the room an elderly man, one of the council who had welcomed them so prettily walked up to the party, he hobbled painfully.
‘Gideon,’ he said, his voice full of cold menace, ‘Gideon, you bring danger here with you, leave now before we all die,’ he spat acidly, as Roidan came to usher him away and with an equally acid look to her, the old man left the room.  Roidan looked sadly after the departing bent figure.
‘Forgive him; he lost many friends and family when the gateway closed.  His constant pain could be easily treated but he will have none of it,’ she said as she too walked away with a sad ‘Good night.’
‘Whoa! ‘E don’t care fer us too much, do ‘e,’ exclaimed Gideon’s father, staring after the strange pair.’
‘Ner da, yer mean ‘e don’t care fer me at all.’ Gideon corrected him.
Eventually Jonus, the small boy Jed had met earlier in the day crossed the hall to speak to them.
‘Would you like to rest now?’  He asked, as an older woman joined them.
‘Yes, would you come this way,’ she said, taking Gideon’s father by the arm.  ‘I will show you to your rooms, they’re all prepared.’
The small company rose and crossed the hall, leaving the rest of the village residents chatting amicably and as with Thaddrick leaving, calls of Good night followed the tired group from the room.
The woman spoke as they walked.  ‘We are excited to finally meet you all and we’ve waited such a long time.  Thaddrick rarely tells the story of our escape, you are lucky, he is such a wonderful orator and his words make the story come alive for us too, they help us to remember who we are,’ the woman said, smiling at the bemused expressions on the faces of her charges.
She abruptly pushed open a door entered and a large second wing of the building.
‘There are rooms and beds enough for all but if you need anything please just call.  Sleep well and we will see you and talk some more in the morning,’ she added smiling again, ‘come on Jonas, leave our guests to rest.’  She called to her son who was lingering behind and she turned her back and walked away leaving the group to settle.
The group looked at the corridor and the numerous closed doors.
‘They’re all ready for you; please just go in ...goodnight.’  Jonas called as he followed his mother down the hallway.
‘Well then, let’s jus’ pick a room, Gideon’s father grinned sleepily as he opened a door and walked through one of the doors.  The other members of the party soon followed suit.
‘Brother, we must talk, we must talk of our pa...’ began Sonal, fully intending to speak of their childhood and the legends they had grown up alongside, he had been stunned as the songs of his youth had bubbled up out of him to join in with the songs of Thaddrick’s memory.
‘Sonal,’ whispered Varan interrupting his brother as he followed Sonal into the room prepared for them. ‘Lemba has been made whole once more…,’ he said, clearly upset about something.
‘What is it, what’s wrong?’  Sonal asked, concern filling him as Varan closed the door behind him.
‘This,’ Varan replied quietly and remaining with his back to his twin, he pulled off his jerkin and lifted his shirt over his head.
‘By the Journey...’ Sonal gasped and sat down heavily on the bed.
In the next room, Gideon, tired and without a thought for Mayan who was standing behind him, stripped off his clothes and threw them on a nearby chair, finding a jug and bowl of cool wash water on a small wooden stand he splashed his face and rubbed his tired eyes.
‘Gideon...’ Mayan said in a small voice.
‘Please let’s not talk now May,’ he replied as he fell on to the large bed and closed his eyes.  A feeling of foreboding had slowly come upon him from the moment he had recognised the pendant in the old man’s hand as being like his and when it had vanished before his eyes the feeling had begun to grow.  So many strange things had happened lately, he felt his life was no longer his own and he still did not know who he was.
His eyes remained closed as Mayan silently undressed and lay down on the bed beside him.
‘Gid…, she said quietly, ‘they loved each otherr very much did’t they, Valeria ‘n’ Théoden I mean, I dunno iffen I could giv’ you up like that, even ter save a world.’  She added softly.
Gideon, feeling her sadness turned gently and pulled her into his embrace, he felt the soft smoothness of her skin and smelt the delicate fragrance of her hair and he raised her chin softly and kissed her lips.
‘Yer never ‘ave ter giv me up...,’ he said as he kissed her again.  The moons silver glow filtered through the high window throwing soft shadows across the bed.
‘We’ve never been alone like this afore…,’ Mayan giggled and returned his kiss.  ‘I love yer Gideon Green,’ she breathed quietly, ‘whoever yer are, or were meant ter be.’
‘I love yer too May.’  He replied as he held her close and kissed her as if he would never let her go.
Later, after finally making her his, he watched the room lighten as the sun began to rise, he looked to Mayan once more, watching her breathing softly, he could hear her heart beating with its regular rhythm in time with his own and before long, he too drifted off to a much needed but fitful rest.  That question, the one that burned with his every waking thought was buried for a time under a much-needed blanket of sleep, just who and what he was, would have to wait another day.


Chapter 28
More Frustration


Next morning, a much-rested and very happy Mayan, with a rough looking Gideon joined Lemba and young Jed in the large hall once more where a breakfast of bread, cheese and oats with milk or small beer waited for them.  Rhoàld with Jed, Sonal and Varan had gone for a walk accompanied by Thaddrick and Roidan.
‘Do we know what’s goin’ on yet?’  Mayan asked as she sat beside her brother at the long table.
‘The twins ‘ave gone with Rhoàld ter find out I think,’ he replied taking yet another mouthful of the small beer.  ‘This be good stuff May, try some,’ he said, swallowing hard and enjoying the sweetness with the malty aftertaste.
‘I agree, it really is good Mayan,’ added Lemba as she too sat with a large glass in front of her. Mayan laughed merrily.
‘Yer doin’ it again Lem, using yer fingers when yer speak,’ she grinned at her friend.  Unabashed Lemba returned the smile.
‘I mustn’t get used to not using my fingers; I don’t know how long I will have a voice,’ she replied with stoicism, Jed took her hand and squeezed it lovingly.  Gideon said nothing, he sat quietly while Mayan placed a glass of the beer before him and dipping his finger into the beer began rubbing the rim of the glass.  Before long, the glass emitted a loud high-pitched whine.
‘Gid, stop will yer,’ called Jed as he placed his hands over his ears understanding immediately what his friend was going through.  ‘I be as frustrated as you but we can do nowt till first we find out what by the journey is going on an’ what we actually be ‘ere fer… tis not only you who’s wanting answers yer know,’ he said quietly, adding, ‘it’s me own fam’ly in chains, d’yer think I don’t wanna know…, don’t want answers mesel’?’  Gideon looked at his friend contritely and pushed the glass away from him.
As before when Thaddrick had been speaking and the hall had filled with people, no one noticed as the absent companions returned.
‘Thaddrick will be here directly,’ said Sonal his face unusually grave.  Silence descended upon the group as the newcomers took their places and sat down.  When Thaddrick appeared alone moments later, the air was thick with tension once more.
‘Good morning everyone, last evening I told you who I was, today I will tell you who you are,’ he said looking at Gideon and the rest of the group as he sat down at the long table.  Roidan entered the room and smiling at the table took a place in a comfortable chair before the small fire.  Mayan stood up and walked over to the sideboard for a mug of the sweet small beer and pouring two large glasses, she crossed the room to Roidan and offered the first to her.
‘Thank you my dear.’ Roidan smiled, accepting the glass as Mayan returned to the sideboard, taking both the second glass of sweet brown beer and the jug with her, she placed them both before Thaddrick and returned to her seat.
‘My thanks,’ he said his tone the same as Roidan’s, as he lifted the glass and drank deeply.
Gideon could see Thaddrick had already spoken to the men whilst they were walking, none of them would look at him bar his father and he looked… sorrerful, Gideon thought.  Whatever they been sayin’ they ain’t tellin’ us yet!  Gideon mused, as his father’s face continued to look grave.  Same face as the time me pony died during the night whilst birthing too large a foal and da ‘ad ‘ad ter tell me the next mornin’.
‘Gideon,’ began Thaddrick interrupting Gideon’s thoughts, ‘would you show Sonal and Varan the necklace you wear around your neck,’ asked Thaddrick gently, Gideon reached into his shirt and withdrew the small silver and crystal amulet.  He held it up enjoying as he always had the way the light played on the finely cut facets of the crystal held so securely in small silver claws.  Sonal turned pale as he reached for the pendant.
‘How have I not known you had this Gideon,’ Sonal said as he held it in his palm, tears forming in his eyes as he passed the pendant quietly to Varan.  ‘It is the one, Varan, isn’t it?’  He asked as he turned his gaze back to an even more puzzled Gideon.  Varan held the necklace and closed his fist over it.
‘I was hoping…, Analeen...,’ he faltered as the tears began to build behind his eyes, slowly and silently they fell, the bright sunshine reflecting off the silvery tracks on the man’s face.
Your father has told us that this amulet once belonged to your mother,’ Varan said, clasping the crystal so tightly it began to bite into his skin.
‘I ‘ad ‘er ring too,’ replied Gideon defensively, ‘but I gave it to May,’ he added. 
‘May I see it Mayan?’  Sonal asked quietly.  The company watched solemnly as Mayan took off the small silver ring and as he took the ring into his palm he recollected his last dinner party and the ring that had sat on his grandfather’s old book as he had tried to impress his guests.  He had not recognised it then and grew cold thinking of that foretelling of the future, he had seen Apple and Jack in chains, seen Jed covered in blood and seen Gideon and young Jed fighting, all had come true.
‘The ring, of course, that then is why I felt something was odd, why I knew something looked… not right, I could see no future for the ring because it…, foretelling will not work… for oneself... I saw you too Thaddrick, I think I did anyway…,’ he whispered as he remembered the way the wolf’s fur had shimmered and changed its shape.
‘What d’yer mean Sonal, foretelling for oneself I mean, what are yer talkin’ about?’  Gideon asked, reaching protectively for the small ring he had given Mayan as a token of his love.
‘It was once my ring Gideon, I left it with my grandfather, as a parting gift for my sister, Analeen.’  Gideon stared, first at Sonal then at Varan.
‘Gideon,’ said Varan, ‘this pendant, your crystal amulet, it once belonged to my mother, our mother…,’ Varan added, looking not at Gideon but at Sonal, ‘our mother gave it to Lena on her fifth birthday.’
Rhoàld gasped and stood up, understanding suddenly dawning on him.  He had been sitting quietly throughout the telling showing no emotion and wondering how this could be related to his own plans for killing Gath and freeing Bastian, he’d been thinking of Bastian and how used to hearing his thoughts he had become but since entering the forest he’d hardly heard Bastian at all and had been very lonely.  Now half-heartedly listening to the older twins, he watched the scene around the table unfolding before him and on hearing the name of the older twins’ sister his heart had almost stopped with shock, he gasped aloud.
All eyes turned to him as he stood before them, then as he looked directly at Gideon, the dead young queen’s face swam before him.
‘Lena was Lydia’s mother,’ he whispered, your grandmother Gideon.
Thaddrick looked at Roidan who sat silently beside the bright flames; she smiled in response to her husband and nodded her head as he turned his gaze toward Gideon and his eyes twinkled merrily. 
‘This is who you are boy,’ Gideon heard in his head, ‘this is who you are,’ before he could utter a sound his father erupted.
‘What..., ‘ang on, are yer sayin’ that my boy is Sonal’s nephew?’ Jed asked, with an astonished look, one equal only to the look on Gideon’s own face.
‘The pendant is, was, a family heirloom, the females of our line have always handed it to the next in line.  It’s the only one of its kind,’ Varan added, as if seeing Gideon for the first time.  ‘If you have the pendant then it must mean…,’ he said and closed his eyes, pain again close to the surface.
‘Lena must be dead.’  Sonal finished for his brother.  Rhoàld watched the men as they realised their beloved little sister was dead.  Guilt flooded him as he remembered Gath ordering the dungeon keeper to make the cut, so he himself could watch death as it slowly claimed his young wife.  He remembered the sharp knife cutting into the sweaty pale white skin after the young girl had given birth; then Gath ordering him to collect her blood carefully, he didn’t want any wasted, he thought and it pumped so slowly… his memories continued as he remembered how long it took the exhausted young girl to die.  For a second time guilt washed over him as he remembered Gath holding the newborn infant up to her mother as her eyes had finally clouded over.
‘Say goodbye my dear.’  Gath had said and laughed maniacally as life finally left Lena’s pale form.  Rhoàld remembered washing the poor girl’s body and removing the pendant from her neck and a small silver ring from her delicate but rapidly cooling finger.  He remembered hating the cruel insensitive man then, still I never left him I just thought more of my own position and power, Rhoàld thought.  Again, shame and disgust filled him as he recognised the grief in the twins faces.
‘I’m so sorry; If Lena was your sister she died a long time ago.’  Rhoàld finally said, ‘I knew her, she died on the childbed, giving birth to Lydia.’  Rhoàld said nothing further to explain how the young girl had died, thinking the pair had suffered enough.  He prayed to the gods to allow him licence with the truth.
The silence in the large room was almost physical, a solid thing stopping further conversation.
Gideon’s father looked around at his companions.
‘Well now, who’d ‘ave thought it, tis a rare an’ funny way the journey takes us,’ he offered as he looked again, first at the older twins, then at his son, ‘lad it seems yer’ve got more fam’ly ‘en just me an’ yer granparents’ after all,’ he said, moving to clap Sonal on the shoulder.  ‘I always knew there was a reason I liked yer so much, even iffen yer wine making skills aren’t ser good…’ he laughed lightly, as Sonal slowly but still unsure smiled back.
‘I‘d not seen Lena for a long time, but she would have been proud of her daughter I am sure and of you, her grandson Gideon.  If you will allow me, I know I speak for Varan too, we welcome you into our hearts and our family…’
‘What there is of it anyway,’ Varan added his assent by throwing his arms around the still surprised young man.
‘Let me add to your tale’ said Thaddrick speaking quietly as Roidan moved across the room to join him.  As before, she stood behind him her hands resting protectively on his shoulders. Thaddrick reached to take the pendant Varan still held in his fingers.  ‘You say the pendant is one of a kind.  You will be surprised then to hear then that it is one of a pair.
A long time ago a man named Thurlson commissioned a gift on the announcement of his wife’s first pregnancy.  He had ordered a ring made for his first child but when his wife birthed twin boys he gave the ring to his wife and he ordered identical pendants of silver and Dakar crystal made for his twin sons...’ he paused before he spoke again.  ‘They were called Themos and Thaddrick,’ he said and carried on before anyone could speak.  ‘Thurlson and his wife also had a third child, his name was Théoden and her ring was passed on to him.  When the older boys were grown men, Themos, knowing he would never see his sister in law again gave his pendant to her, moments before she passed through the gateway to Earth.’
‘Valeria…’ whispered Mayan as she began relating the story to the tale Thaddrick had told the night before.  Thaddrick smiled at her nodding his assent before taking a deep breath and looking at Roidan.  She also smiled and pulled her own pendant from beneath her dress, the one her husband had given her on their wedding day, the twin of the one Gideon wore.
The silence was almost deafening as Thaddrick spoke again, ‘In short Gideon, you, Sonal and Varan are all descendants of my brother Théoden and as such are related to me and also by marriage to my wife.’  Roidan reached forward and took Thaddrick’s hand.
‘Welcome to the family Gideon, we have waited a long time for you,’ she said, her smile reaching high up into her eyes.
“By the Journey,’ this be confusin’,’ began Mayan who had been relatively silent throughout the morning so far and despite the revelations, something had stuck in her mind.  She stood up and began to pace, her hands moving to emphasise her thoughts as the company watched her.
‘Sonal, apart from Thaddrick bein’ so very old…,’ she glanced at Thaddrick who saw the unanswered questions in her eyes and smiled as she continued.  ‘There ‘as ter be sommat…. sommat that connects us all together, there is, ain’t there,’ she said not expecting an answer. Thaddrick opened his mouth to speak but as Mayan continued voicing her train of thought; Thaddrick closed his mouth and joined the rest of the company as they listened quietly.
‘Sonal an’ Varan are twins; Gid, is the son of their little sister’s daughter…,’ she said, working things out in her mind and aloud not really noticing as both the older twins and Thaddrick nodded in agreement.  ‘If Thaddrick an’ Roidan are yer uncle an’ aunt, well… sort o’ anyway,’ she smiled apologetically at Thaddrick and Roidan who gave a nod of encouragement in return, ‘an’ they be yer uncles,’ she added, nodding toward Sonal and Varan forging on with her theories.  ‘Jed, you an’ me are twins too but not really connected ter the others…’
‘Gideon has shared his blood with Jed remember, on the night of your eighteenth birthday, the winter festival when Jed joined the army.’  Sonal interrupted.
‘Oh yeah, the blood brother thing, the night Gid give us our stones…,’ Mayan said smiling at her fiancé as her hand reached to her neck and the stone hidden under her clothing.
‘Go on May, coz yer makin’ more sense ter me than me own brain is…,’ Gideon laughed weakly.
‘My own brain...’ Thaddrick said, sighing at Gideon’s speech.
‘I also have shared my blood with Jed,’ said Varan holding up his palm that was clearly showing a pink scar, Jed held out both his hands, palm outwards.  Two scars almost identical, one clearly old and white, the other slightly raised and still pink ran from the base of each thumb to the base of the little fingers.  Lemba ran her finger over the pink scar thinking of how ill Jed had been and how worried for his life they all were after his being poisoned and suffocated by the red ants.
‘Rhoàld an’ Lemba ‘ave this magic in their blood too,’ continued Mayan as her thoughts went on, ‘an’ Thaddrick says they are ancient’s…,’
‘She don’t look that old ter me…,’ young Jed said lightly and promptly rubbed his arm when Lemba punched him hard grinning.
‘Jed,’ Mayan said, addressing Gideon’s father, seems we be mice among the cats,’ she added ruefully, concluding her train of thought.  ‘We ain’t connected.’
‘I beg to differ young woman, Thaddrick said, ‘Jed, you, as Gideon’s father, effectively allowed Gideon to live and you Mayan, are Gideon’s life, you seem to forget I have been around you all your lives, though not always in this form.  All of us here are connected; even you Rhoàld, each of us who has even a cupful of the ancient blood have a connection.  If we traced the family lines back far enough you would find most of us have a blood connection to Arotia where all have the same magical abilities as we do, to varying degrees too, just as we do here.’  Thaddrick continued to look around the room at his guests almost willing them to contradict him.
‘Ain’t no magic in me blood Blue, I’m tellin’ yer.’ Gideon’s father snorted with a horrified look on his face.
‘Jed my friend, if there was absolutely no ancient blood in your veins you would never have heard me speak to you in my other form, I admit it was hard to get you to listen most of the time but you did hear me,’ he said.
‘Why did yer never speak to me then, iffen me blood is ser strong,’ asked Gideon.
‘Only now Gideon, have you believed in the possibility of your blood being different, only now do you believe in the magic.  If I had spoken to you, you would have dismissed it and possibly ignored it.  In a similar way, I could not speak to young Jed here or Mayan, any more than I could speak to Varan or Sonal unless they were touching.  Your mother Jed,’ Thaddrick said addressing the young man.  ‘She named it herself I believe, ‘the twin thing, she called it.  You and Mayan, Varan and Sonal, two parts of one whole, twins... so whilst they are together, I could speak to Varan and Sonal here, unfortunately though although you have a degree of old blood by courtesy of the transfusions you have received Jed, Mayan does not, so neither of you would have heard me.’
‘Good thing yer love me then Gid, else there really would be no use fer me….’ Mayan smiled wryly, a quizzical look on her face.
‘Lemba,’ Thaddrick continued, ignoring Mayan for the moment and turning his gaze toward the tiny girl sitting beside Jed.  ‘Your powers have only recently been returned to you and I am not sure how much control you have.  As for you Rhoàld, I would not speak to you as I did not know you or if you posed a threat and once I had found out you had been used by Gath I was already a man again so the point became moot.’  Lemba who was listening intently suddenly thought of a question that had burned in her mind for days.
‘Rhoàld, how did you manage to live with Gath for so long and not be discovered by him?’  She asked.
‘I know not,’ smiled Rhoàld sadly, ‘it seems I did not know I was any different to anyone else until my blood began to flow freely after… after I held the knife that killed Bastian,’ he added quietly, ‘for some reason Gath could only feel my blood then,’ he finished.
‘I can answer that question,’ replied Varan to Lemba, ‘I’m sure Thaddrick will tell me if I am wrong…’ Varan looked at Thaddrick and accepted the nod the old man returned as confirmation.
‘Rhoàld wears a spelled charm, the black hexagon around your neck is a powerful spelled charm of protection, I have seen one like it before and took the liberty of strengthening the spell whilst we journeyed here,’ he said, as Rhoàld placed his hand to his neck and puzzled pulled the charm from beneath his clothing.
‘I have always worn this, since I was a child, I don’t really remember ever being given it, though I like to think it was from my mother,’ he added.  Roidan moved across to Rhoàld to examine the charm and bending at the waist slightly to see better she rubbed its surface between her fingers.
‘The charm is a form of dark crystal found only in the Dakar Mountain’s on Arotia,’ Thaddrick smiled as Roidan answered, adding, ‘once, someone in your past must have walked the land there.’
Gideon’s father looked around the table at the satisfied smiles and the beginnings of new relationships, a thought also burning inside him.  He had inadvertently overheard a comment about his son on the evening Lemba had her magic returned to her and it had disturbed his sleep and gnawed away in his belly countless times, as he tried to make sense of it.  It seemed to him everything strange that had happened had happened since young Jed had left home to become a soldier.  Using his hands to indicate the importance of the words, he asked the question that had bothered him so.
‘Now we ‘ave all worked out where we fit in, could someone please tell me why both Sonal and Varan think my son an’ their nephew is the one and what fer ‘Journeys Sake’ is it anyway?’   Thaddrick looked at the older twins, both of whom blushed and looked away from him.
‘To answer your question let me continue with my story Jed,’ he said smiling sadly.
‘Remember I said we arrived through the gateway to a beautiful green valley beside a lake...’  He looked around his listeners to gauge their understanding before continuing.  ‘Well, very soon after we arrived something happened and a prophecy was given by a mage who was old even then, prophecy that spoke of a healer, a sage magician who could right all the wrongs and send death back into the void from whence it came.’
Sonal looked meaningfully to his brother as Thaddrick began to mutter under his breath and almost without meaning to, the twins as one joined in.  Thaddrick had not heard the words spoken aloud for many years; he had given the prophecy himself as he lay dying from a knife wound beside a tree.  It had been the last time he had truly felt his own brother, his own twin.  Their unique magic and balance had combined as Themos struggled to heal him from within, they had created an unheard of direct contact to the root and the words had tumbled from Thaddrick’s mouth as they had screamed inside Themos’s head.

‘Soul to soul will evil be
Two become one
Two will die
Life from death will be the key
Unity is flawed.’

Thaddrick felt Astin’s knife once more as it pierced his body and his brother’s struggle to complete the healing.  Once more, he watched through blood-shot and weary eyes as Astin, the body the Gatherer had stolen escaped unnoticed, slipping away into the trees.
‘I felt the Gatherer as we entered through the Gateway onto this world,’ Thaddrick said as the older twins sat quietly, astonishment on their faces, ‘and I am sure now that Gath is he,’ he added looking at Gideon who sat quiet and still.  Mayan reached out for his hand and almost recoiled when she felt the cold tension lying under his skin.
‘The Gatherer has transferred his soul from his son to his son throughout the generations, becoming weaker and weaker as the blood line thinned and became more dilute.  I had believed he was dead, no… hoped he was dead but he found Lena, and we know from Sonal and Varan her blood was nearly pure.  He was cursed at the time of the prophecy never to have a daughter, a son from his daughter would be all-powerful but such is the nature of balance, denying him because of the curse and then giving all, her blood was strong enough to fight the curse.’  He continued to look at Gideon as he spoke.  ‘Do you see Gideon, you are his son from his daughter, you are also of the blood line of Théoden, and in, Two become one, two blood lines become one, in you.  Rhoàld tells us he wants you for your blood, he wants not only your blood but your body and your powers too, with his evil soul inside you his power would be immense, I believe now he wants to return to Arotia and seek the revenge he has always been denied.’  Thaddrick finished.
Varan looked at Gideon’s father and smiled sadly, ‘although we didn’t know then what we know now Jed, both Sonal and I could feel the power lying dormant in Gideon, it’s why we believe your son is the one.’  Sonal too looked at his friend Jed, avoiding eye contact with Gideon who was looking incredulous and annoyed once more.
‘Jed, you told me yourself Gideon was cut from Lydia’s belly after she had died, ‘Life from death will be the key’;’ he quoted the prophecy.
‘Wait… this is tellin’ me who and what I am?’  Gideon said, bristling with anger, ‘well, let me tell yer what I’m not, I’m not sum sort o’ magician born ter right someone else’s wrongs!’  Gideon finally exploded, his face as cloudy as a stormy day, ‘I might o’ been bred like a dog fer a specific purpose but I’m me own man now, an’ I’ll not be doin’ anythin’ I don’t wanna do.’
‘Doing, anythin’ and, want to.’  Thaddrick said correcting Gideon automatically.
‘Will yer please stop correctin’ me like I’m a child who ain’t speakin’ properly!’  Gideon raged as Thaddrick smiled apologetically.
‘I’m afraid it’s a habit Gideon but please feel free to ignore me.’  He smiled, a rueful expression settling on his face.
Incensed, Gideon stood up scraping his chair back, he had a lot to consider and he wanted to be alone, he looked apologetically at Roidan who still stood beside her husband.
‘Sorry mam,’ he said as he turned and squeezed Mayan’s frightened hand.
‘Stay Here, love,’ he said, looking at Thaddrick and daring him to comment again on his speech.  ‘I need ter, sorry, To go for a walk..., Alone,’ he added as Mayan began to rise.  She watched, worry and fear for Gideon written across her pale face as he walked away, she turned to her twin.
‘It’s all right May, I’ll go after him.’  Jed said as he quietly followed his blood brother out of the hall.
Gideon’s father stood up and crossed the hall to the window, looking out he spoke to the company behind him.
‘Ow came you ter be ‘ere then, Blue?’  He said as he watched his namesake following his son across the road and into the young forest.
‘A few years later,’ Thaddrick continued, ‘after our arrival on this planet, we realised something was wrong, we made a decision to split the colony up, half of us came here,’ he indicated the surrounding hall and the area outside.
As Jed turned from the window the sunlight shone through onto Thaddrick’s face showing each wrinkle and crease, even with the explanation of slowed time Thaddrick looked ancient.  Jus’ ‘ow old are yer?  He thought as Thaddrick spoke.
‘The other half of the population were left at the valley to protect all outside from the growing menace within.’  Thaddrick said.
‘You are talking of the Bleak and the wall; you are talking of the Guardians.’  Varan said in a hushed tone.
‘Yes,’ the old man replied. ‘I am.’


Chapter 29
Boys Become Men


Young Jed soon caught his friend up and the pair walked on in silence as they moved away from the hall, they crossed green and yellow fields each bursting with life, the new growth of small trees already showing promise of the great and diverse forest this would one day become.  They continued to walk until, at last both hot and bothered they came across the silver river they had seen from the hill and the few trees that were older than saplings.  They followed the course of the winding water in silence and before long came to a point of land they thought they both recognised.  The river bent and spread here creating a large pool just right for the valley children to fish and play almost exactly as they did in their own time and as children themselves they had fished for hours attempting to make sense of the world they lived in, vowing to make it better.
‘D’yer remember the time when we went off fishing on our own an’ left May at home?’   Jed asked his friend as they sat down on the soft grass, a smile playing around the corners of his tired face; sleep had eluded him for the last few nights, so much so that Lemba had spoken to Mayan about it and dearly wished she had kept a few of her sisters herbs.
‘Do You remember?’  Gideon replied, with a stern look, imitating Thaddrick and the annoying way he had.
‘Ner ner ner ner ner,’ Jed sang the schoolboy song and both boys burst into unexpected laughter, easing the tension that had been building all morning.
‘What am I gonna do Jed?’  Gideon asked as they relaxed on the bank.  He looked up at the cloudless blue sky and squinted against the suns glare.
‘Jus’ think, it’s still winter at ‘ome,’ Jed replied, revelling in the warmth and knowing his friend didn’t expect an answer.
‘Hey, come swim,’ called Jonus their little friend from the previous evening as he swam up past them splashing them from the silver water.
‘C’mon,’ grinned Jed, as he began to remove his clothing, before long, he was nearly naked and had thrown himself into the icy cold water.  Gideon smiled as he watched the pair splashing about and at last agreed to join them.  In his haste to undress he tried to take his leggings off over his shoes so there was no surprise when they got stuck and he was left hopping semi-naked around on the bank as he tried to extricate himself from his unruly clothing.  Finally and with much laughter coming from the water, he managed it and threw himself headlong into the cold depths to join his friend and Jonus.
A while later, exhausted, the two young men and Jonus clambered out of the river and fell onto the grass laughing.  Jonus looked at them both inquisitively.
‘Which of you is the one’?’  He asked conversationally.
‘What is the one, what’s ‘e s’posed ter do?’  Gideon replied, quietly watching Jonus from beneath his lashes.
‘Thaddrick says, when he comes, we can go home once more,’ Jonus answered, his persona still that of a young boy but with a depth of character in his eyes that had not been apparent before.
‘What d’yer mean?’  Jed asked, puzzled.
‘We’re held here, when the colony split, we came here for our safety, Thaddrick is the only one who moves around in the outside world and we wait for the one who will save us and both our worlds.’  Jonus answered, grinning once more like the child he was.
‘It’s not so bad, when Thaddrick is not here we kind of sleep,’ he added as Gideon looked on open mouthed.  ‘Actually we sleep a lot,’ he added wryly.
‘What d’yer mean, save the worlds?’  Jed asked, looking meaningfully at Gideon.
‘Jonus…’ his mother called from the roadway, Gideon looked over at the young woman who did not look much older than he was himself.
‘The gateway needs to be closed,’ said Jonus jumping to his feet to answer his mother’s call, ‘but Thaddrick says it has to be closed from the Arotian side as it was opened from there.  There’s a hole, like a leak, and life, the life from both our planets is seeping into the void; it’s slowly killing both our worlds.  Thaddrick believes there must be an area like the Bleak on Arotia too.  That’s why the Bleak keeps expanding, because the life is being sucked out.  Didn’t you know?’  Said Jonas grinning, he turned toward his mother and ran to her call across the grassland only stopping briefly to turn and wave.
‘So that’s what I’m supposed to do, what I was born for, ter save the world.’  Gideon began to grin insanely, ‘no,’ he corrected himself, ‘I’m supposed ter save two worlds.’
Jed looked at his friend, slightly cold and still damp from their impromptu swim.  Unnoticed by Gideon his speech had begun to change just the way Jed’s own had when he had joined the army.  We’re both becoming something different, he thought and mentally shook himself.  He opened his hand and ran his finger along the old palm scar.  We’re still brothers, he reminded himself fiercely.
‘Hey bro,’ he said, smiling at Gideon, ‘we’ll save the worlds together jus’ like we planned when we were kids, Jed the Dark and his trusty side kick,’ he said standing up and flexing his muscles, pretending to be the hero of their childhood.  As he laughed at himself, Gideon joined in and also stood, pushing Jed out of the way and racing for the water once more, screaming as he went, still laughing, Jed ran quickly after him.
The young men swam and played like children pulling and pushing, ducking each other under the clear water and swimming for the bottom, they played hard trying to forget who they were and that they were no longer children.
Eventually, tired of the games Jed swam lazily for the shoreline leaving Gideon floating on his back his ears covered by the cold water, floating in his own silent world with the crystal clear depths below him and the warm sun above.  There he began to think more deeply on how his life had changed, from a woodsman’s son, which was all he had ever wanted to be, to a King’s son, with a line of magicians behind him as far as he could imagine.  Magic blood, all it’s done so far is kill, he thought, thinking of the deaths of the soldiers he’d killed when Toby had raped Mayan.  If I’m supposed ter be this saviour of worlds aren’t I supposed ter think like one, shouldn’t I know what to do?  He asked himself.
‘You ok Gid?’   Jed called from the riverbank as he pulled his discarded clothes toward him.
‘Yer, I’ve ‘ad enough now.’  Gideon replied as he swam slowly over to join his friend.  From the water he watched as Jed dressed, his stomach rippled with muscle and his arms bulged, he looked toned and strong all over.  Reaching the shore himself, he climbed onto the grassy bank and sat drying in the sunlight subconsciously comparing himself to Jed.  He was as fair as Jed was dark and his arms were almost, if not as full as his friends were, years of working in the forest had given him his father’s strong, manly physique and he had slight blonde hairs on his chest and full thick thighs just as Jed did.
‘Jed, when did we grow up…?’  He asked, as he realised he had up until now played at being a man.  His father had always told him that being a man held responsibilities; he had thought that meant taking care of Mayan and the forest, settling down and having a family.  Pulling his trews up over his legs and under his rear and with his shirt loose he sat looking toward the water his elbows on his knees and his toes entwined in the lush green grass.
‘Jed, from a tactical point o’ view, as a soldier I mean, what should we do…, what should I do?’  He said quietly as a silver fish jumped up out of the water to catch a long legged fly hovering just above the surface film and looking for a good place to lay its eggs.  The sun caught the fish reflecting the silver scales and lighting it up for a brief moment before it fell back into the cold water with a gentle splash.
‘The question was right first time bro, what are we gonna do?’  Jed replied as he sat down beside his friend.
Once more Gideon lay back on the grass and stared at the sky; soft willowy white clouds were forming as he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep.  Jed lay back beside him; he could feel the worry emanating from his friend and he knew he had added to that worry, he had caused his best friend, his brother, pain, with his heart heavy with guilt and sorrow he also closed his eyes.
As Gideon slept his head swirled with emotion and his heart felt heavy, no, it isn’t me ‘eart it’s me chest an’ the amulet, he thought as his dreams continued.  He saw himself struggling in the water; the weight of the pendant dragging him under, the world began to turn black as he struggled to breath, deeper and deeper he dropped into the murky depths.  Strange creatures swam toward him with evil in their eyes and soft cold tentacles brushed against his skin.  He could not feel the fleshy arms as they stroked and caressed his body but the stinging pain they left behind made him open his mouth to the viscous fluid he was sinking into.  The thick, sticky water flowed into his lungs and the creatures backed off just watching as he struggled, they seemed to be waiting for death to claim him, no, they waited for his soul.  Struggling against the weight of the amulet, he knew he was indeed dying.
Suddenly the weight lessened, and the world began to turn bright once more.  He could no longer feel the pain from the stings and the pain in his chest also began to fade, he felt the water turn from sticky, thick claws pulling him down ever deeper, to light silky caressing fingers easing his hurts and soothing his mind.  In his dream, he thought he was dead.  Me Journey is beginning…, he mused as the silky water left his body and the amulet around his neck stopped pulling him under.
A tinkling laugh interrupted his thoughts. 
‘My Journey…not me Journey,’ Gideon opened his eyes and realised he had slipped into the ether, he looked on the girl he had seen once before as she took his hand lovingly.  She was wearing the same clothes she had worn previously, white and blue robes that seemed to float as she moved, her golden hair long and thick, the colour of Gideon’s own and eyes, also as blue as his own smiled back at him.
‘Even bein’ dead don’t stop folk from correctin’, sorry, correcting me,’ he grinned at her.
‘Gideon, you are not dead, you are just sleeping, look,’ she smiled as Gideon continued to stare at her.  ‘Look,’ she said again, turning his face with her pale cool hand.
‘Should I know yer, er… you?’  Gideon asked with a grin as he corrected himself again.
Again, the girl smiled and pointed, Gideon sighed and turned his head in the direction she indicated.  He could see his body and that of Jed’s, both fast asleep on the green grass with the silver river rushing by.
‘Jed looks uncomfortable,’ Gideon said as he watched his friend tossing and turning his brow creased in worry.
‘Jed does not sleep well anymore,’ the girl replied, adding, ‘would you like to see his dreams…?’  Gideon looked up at the girl as she smiled at him; he had never seen such love and depth of feeling in another person’s eyes before.
‘Who are you?’  He asked.
‘Look Gideon,’ she said again.  Gideon tore his eyes away from the deep blue pools and looked around.  The scene before him had changed, he could still see his own body and Jed’s, but now Jed was holding him on the ground against the bole of a large tree, blood was pouring from a wound in his neck and running like a river, flowing away fast and deep for as far as Gideon could see.  In the river were people, people from his village, they were all staring at Jed begging him to save them, they were drowning in the blood under the weight of golden chains.
‘So much blood,’ Gideon whispered.
‘Watch, listen…’ the girl replied as Jed wielded the knife, his face full of conflict.
‘I love yer Gideon,’ he was saying as he pushed the knife to bite deeper into Gideon’s neck.  A second figure of Jed appeared and knelt in the blood before the first, it seemed to be pleading with the one holding the knife.  Gideon could see the mouth open and close but no sound came forth, tears of rage and pain mingled with sorrow and regret poured from the face of the pleading figure, the tears coursed down his cheeks, silver rivers running fast and furiously as they joined and mingled with the river of blood.  The people began to disappear into the blood red water.
‘Jed loves you, and hates himself deeply; he wants to help his family too but does not know how.  Help him Gideon, as only you can.’
‘How?’  Gideon asked, his heart reaching out to the clearly distraught figure below him.  ‘You do not need me to tell you my son,’ the girl said as she released his hand.  Without hesitation, Gideon stepped into his friend’s dream and kneeling in the blood that pooled around him, Gideon took his friend into his arms.
‘Speak to me Jed’, he said as the figure continued to plead silently as if it could not see Gideon beside him, could not hear his words.  ‘Lady...,’ Gideon called feeling helpless.
‘You do know the way Gideon, look into your heart,’ he heard her say, into me heart... my heart, I carry me ma’s pendant against my heart, Gideon thought.  Suddenly a vision of the bloodstone, the deep red bloodstone he had given Jed on the night of his eighteenth birthday so long ago sprung into his mind.  He pulled open the sobbing figures shirt.
‘This was for love and protection Jed,’ he said, as he held the bloodstone in his hand, tears formed behind his eyes and his voice choked with emotion as his friend sobbed silently, his body shaking with the pain and depth of the emotion.  ‘I gave this ter yer because I love yer, you could not, would not ‘urt me as I would not ‘urt you.  We are brothers, an’ we’ll help the villagers too Jed, we’ll find a way, I promise,’ he vowed, as the tears fell unashamedly from his eyes.
The silently pleading figure of Jed seemed not to have heard, he continued to beg the form of himself holding the knife against Gideon’s neck.  Gideon felt as ineffective with the weeping, pleading Jed as he imagined the figure felt, as he pleaded with himself.
‘Please Jed,’ Gideon wept.  ‘You are more than a brother to me, you are part of my soul and together we can do anything, I love you...’ he said, not noticing his speech had altered once again. The weeping figure suddenly turned slightly in Gideon’s arms and he spoke slowly.
‘I love you too Gid, but I’m still not goin’ ter kiss yer.’  Gideon grinned slowly through his tears at his friend.
‘I hope not, I’d rather have Mayan kiss me, if there are any kisses going that is,’ he said, his voice trembling with feeling.  Jed held his friend’s hand tightly.
‘I am so, so sorry Gideon, please, please fergive me,’ he sobbed as the tears continued to fall.
‘Brother, there is nothing to forgive, my life is your life, my blood your blood.’  Gideon said and swallowed, desperately trying to rid himself of the hard lump in his throat, he had not realised how hard his friend was punishing himself.
The figures beside the tree and the people in the red water slowly began to fade, finally they disappeared, the river of blood and tears changed into a river of flowers, light and sweet smelling amongst the green, green grasses.
‘Sleep well now my friend,’ said Gideon as he gently pushed his friend into a more comfortable position amongst the flowers and watched as he drifted off again, this time to a deep and healing sleep.
‘Gideon,’ the lady called, Gideon smiled at the lady who was once more beside him.  ‘You truly are my son,’ she said.
‘Am I the one?’ Gideon asked quietly as she took his hand once more, the movement causing her amulet to move and twinkle in the bright light that seemed to surround them both.
‘The way will be hard for you Gideon, but Jed will be with you, I also will be with you, for as long as I can be,’ she answered as she kissed his brow and slowly began to fade, as she did so, Gideon too fell into a dreamless sleep.
The sun had begun to lower in the sky when Gideon opened his eyes again; Jed was still beside him watching the silver water as it played and ran.
‘Wherever you go Gid, I will go,’ he said, without looking at his friend.
‘It would make me proud to have yer beside me.’  Gideon replied with emotion, not realising his speech was almost correct.  In his mind, he could see the lady, his mother, smiling.  Understanding between the two men at last complete, Gideon stood and offered his hand to his friend.
‘C’mon Jed, let’s get back, the others will be worrying,’ he said.  Jed placed his hand in Gideon’s as he allowed himself to be pulled to his feet and together they walked back toward the low white halls in the distance.
They had gone to swim as children and they returned as men.


Chapter 30
More Tales Told


‘There yer are,’ called Mayan smiling as she ran out to greet the returning swimmers, she had been watching by the window for hours worrying about them both.  As the men approached, she realised that something about them had changed but as she could not put a finger on it and she made a mental note to discuss it with Lemba just as soon as she could.
‘Is everyone in the hall?’  Gideon asked Mayan, squeezing her hand gently.
‘Yer, we waited fer yer coz we knew you’d be hungry.  Lunch was hours ago and dinner is on the table,’ she answered as the three walked into the open door and on into the large room.  Thaddrick was sitting alone at the head of the table almost where they had left him.
‘Thaddrick,’ said Gideon as he took his chair casually, ‘I…, we,’ he corrected himself as he looked at his friend who smiled in return, holding tightly to Lemba’s hand.  ‘We need for yer…, for you, to tell us about the Bleak, about the gateway and just how we are to fix it,’ he said.  Varan turned white and began to cough as he choked on a succulent piece of chicken, Sonal, pale but able to pull himself together more quickly handed his brother a jug of sweet small beer.
‘What?’  Said Gideon’s father standing quickly, ‘yer no a soldier boy,’ he began angrily, ‘I’ll no allow yer ter go ter fight, I’ll no lose yer now,’ he said, clearly upset.  Rhoàld sat quietly saying nothing, knowing his fate was to accompany Gideon and now, it seemed, young Jed too, wherever they went.  Thaddrick smiled.
‘Da, I was born to do this…, you know I was.’  Gideon said as Thaddrick who had been about to speak closed his mouth and listened.  Jed looked at his son as if for the first time, suddenly seeing the man he had become and for a long while, no one spoke.
‘Yeah lad, I suppose I do,’ Gideon’s father answered as he  shook his head sadly in resignation, ‘an’ yer’d be no son o’ mine iffen yer shirked yer responsibilities,’ he said, adding, ‘I be mighty proud o’ yer Gid, always ‘ave been,’ he sat down once more and stared hard at the food before him.
‘I couldn’t ‘ave ‘ad a better Da…’  Gideon said warmly and deliberately, as he smiled at his father and his father smiled slowly in return, for once Thaddrick did not correct his speech.
‘Blue, can yer tell the lad about the Bleak,’ Jed said, still smiling sadly at his son.
‘Well,’ Thaddrick began.  ‘To understand the Bleak, you must know how it was created,’ he said as the two young men began to help themselves from the food piled on the table.  Varan and Sonal sat silently, knowing only legends from their childhood, they were eager to understand the truth.
‘Long after our arrival…,’ Thaddrick continued and as before the hall began to fill with people, all as enthusiastic to listen to Thaddrick’s stories as the group around the table.  ‘It was noticed that the site of the gateway was becoming barren and the lake seemed to be changing too.  We had already moved our little camp away from the lake and the site of our arrival to the high flat ground under the lee of the mountain range that surrounded the valley.  It offered more shelter from the winter storms, the lake did tend to thrash around when the wind caught it as I recall,’ he paused, remembering the tall waves and the soaking tents on the occasion of the colonies first winter.  ‘We had found a large cave in the side of the mountain that served as a council chamber and our best stone masons spent months carving it into a replica of a similar chamber at home so it seemed sensible to move closer to it.’
Varan paled as Thaddrick spoke but remained quiet as the older man continued.
‘Anyway, the site of the gateway was becoming barren and everything seemed to be dying slowly, even the grass seemed to turn brown and wither and the trees seemed to just, give up.  It was as if something had sucked all the life from the area.’  Rhoàld shot a look to Varan who remained rigidly composed and avoided looking at anyone.
‘The child with dead eyes,’ he said looking at Varan, ‘the child with dead eyes sucking the life out of the land, killing everything, like a disease…’ Rhoàld added, as Varan turned at last to Rhoàld and on to Gideon.
‘It was a message my friend, for the one, a message to bring help and hope,’ he finished, his eyes remaining on Gideon’s face as he spoke.
‘What message?’  Lemba asked, feeling somewhat bewildered.
‘Show them Varan…,’ demanded Rhoàld, ‘they need to see it too,’ he said, as Thaddrick interrupted.
‘I can show them Rhoàld,’ he said, it was my message originally.  Puzzled expressions passed around the small band at the table but the words and questions remained unasked once more as suddenly in their minds they could see a small child sitting on lush green grass against the bole of a large tree.  It was summer and the full dance of nature, glorified in the sunlight was evident.  The wind blew ensuring the weaving of the branches making the leaves twist and turn to the harmonious music of the physical world.  A deep wide silver river flowed fast and furiously beside the child and fish swam and played, darting around the water as they leapt to catch the flies that stopped by to lay eggs under the surface.  The child lifted a hand to caress the tree and where the child’s hand touched the bark it began to darken and shrink, it was dying.  The patch of now lifeless bark began to spread like a disease.  The tree’s very branches rustled and shook, screaming in protest as the life was drawn away from it and sucked into the child, slowly, so slowly the tree stopped fighting for its life and began to succumb.  The full green leaves began to turn yellow and then brown finally dropping off the branches and falling all around the small child still touching the trees wide bole.  The child looked up toward the silent watchers, the deep dead eyes holding no life; he just continued to stare as if nothing was happening.  The tree dried up and finally died leaving withered lifeless branches reaching into the sky like pleading hands asking for help that never came.  The ground around the trees roots slowly began to change colour, from the lush green grass it had been it turned slowly to yellow then brown, as it too seemed to be drying up, dying.  Still the wind blew only now, it pushed dead brown leaves and tumbleweeds of dried grasses.  The river slowly turned brown then grey, the once silver fish floated belly up their scales dry and peeling…
Rhoàld held his head in his hands as once more he saw the vision Varan had sent him, very slightly changed but essentially the same one.  ‘Yes, that’s it,’ he sobbed.
‘That’s horrible,’ cried Lemba as she held her hand to her throat, as if forcing the lump that had been growing there to empty of tears.
‘Yes my dear, it is, and it is exactly what happened, is still happening inside the barrier that holds the Bleak, the child you saw represents the void that holds no life.
‘We discovered by some quirk of fate that the gateway from home had been left partially open, just a tiny bit but enough to cause the life of this planet to be slowly sucked out and into the void, life, a grain of sand at a time just leaking away. I, along with our greatest mages got to work at once trying to complete the closing spell but whatever we tried was ineffective, the gateway remained open and piece by tiny piece our beautiful valley was dying.  We could not stop the death and some of our younger people even began to fall ill as the air grew thin and the waters turned foul.  A few families chose to leave the protection of the valley; these families expanded over the years and grew, mingling with the planets original inhabitants.  Which we believe, is why some of the peoples of the planet became, em…, special and others did not.’  Thaddrick smiled at Mayan, ‘no offense meant my dear,’ he said.
‘None taken,’ mumbled Mayan quietly in return and Thaddrick continued.
‘As the valley continued to die, we decided to split up once more.  I did mention this earlier,’ he said looking at Jed who nodded his agreement.  ‘A valley, similar in every way to our original home was located, this valley in fact.’  Thaddrick stopped and gestured around him before reaching forward and taking the jug of small beer that sat in front of Varan, poured himself a drink.  ‘All the families were volunteers, the spell we created contained an element of time which meant that the people sent here would not age as normal people do, this would mean they would stay as true to Arotian values and traditions as possible and remain free from the threat of any hostile indigenous peoples.  Remember, this was a very long time ago,’ he said sagely, as Gideon’s father snorted loudly at the mention of hostile peoples.  ‘We spent a long time in the preparation of the spell and imbued the very soil with magic and health to ensure both our own and the lands survival.’
‘So that’s why our forest is so diff’rent then...!’  Young Jed exclaimed; he had followed a recruiter’s wagon across the whole of Derova, since his eighteenth birthday and he had seen forests and woods in plenty but never in all his time travelling had he come across a forest that had had the same feel as the forest of his home.  He smiled, thinking that he had always believed that was the reason it felt special, because the Green Home Forest, was home.
‘Shhhh!,’ smiled Lemba, encouraging Jed to remain silent whilst Thaddrick continued as if uninterrupted, Mayan also nudged her brother, irritated by the interruption in the story.
‘The spell was to last only until the gateway was closed and we could call the people home, my nephew, Dèvin, Théoden’s son and your ancestor,’ he added, looking directly at the elder twins and Gideon pointedly before continuing again.  ‘Dèvin, now a man took his family and a few of his friends and made a camp outside the boundaries we had set for our colony within the mountain range.  There they stayed whist we worked together to create a spell that would build a wall of protection around the valley, the wall would hold the life outside of the valley safe and protected from the void.  The spell was very complicated and intricate for it had to last and be strong enough to hold back the void should we fail to close the gateway and it took weeks to prepare.  I argued with my nephew who felt that he, as the son of Théoden, First Mage of Schools, should be the one to be the sacrifice, the balance.  We knew the spell would need a sacrifice to the void as the magic was to be so strong and we could not allow any more life to be taken from the planet itself, the spell needed balance and I intended to be that balance.  So, to give my headstrong nephew something to do and to get him out of harm’s way more than anything else really, I sent him to take a last check on the site of the gateway.’  Thaddrick halted in his story; he picked up his glass once more and stared for a moment deep into the depths.
Roidan, as ever at difficult moments for Thaddrick, moved to stand behind her husband lending him her love and support, she gently squeezed his shoulders as Gideon spoke.
‘What is it Thaddrick, what ‘ap… happened?’  He asked, unconsciously correcting his speech and suddenly feeling dread.  Sacrifice, he thought, am I to die then, is this how I close these doorways into the void?  Thaddrick began again, his eyes staying for the moment deep in the now empty glass.
‘The wall was created, a magnificent seemingly solid barrier, a wall that would withstand years of the void trying to wear it down.  Within the spell we added a warning to all those who would try to breech the barrier, a warning of what would happen if the wall failed, hope would die along with the freedom to love and laugh, all life would eventually be extinguished.’  He turned to Varan as he spoke.
‘The source of your message Varan, I can only assume you breeched the wall at some point.’  Varan nodded unhappily and said nothing, leaving the silence to answer for him.  Thaddrick smiled and continued.  ‘Something happened though, as the spell was completing, not enough to stop the barrier but well, something came through from the void as the spell finalised.’
‘What happened?’  Gideon asked again, his voice low and trembling.
‘To answer your question Gideon I must ask you to imagine the void,’ Thaddrick looked up and into the deep blue eyes so like his own.  ‘The void is a timeless, deep dark place, full of evil.  The dark, so dense that even the sun’s brilliance would not penetrate more than a few feet, so silent that even a stray thought offered by something passing through would reverberate like the noise from a beaten drum and be heard for miles.  Imagine then, years of life flowing through a small hole, directly from life and into the void, free life and light, full of hope and joy, with the sounds and smells of every living thing pouring like a stream, a river of life flowing into the realm of darkness, a sunbeam through the winter clouds on a dark day.  Such was the open doorway, a banner held high, floating through the dark recesses of the void inviting all the lost and dead souls, teased with what they could not have, though yearned for so desperately.’
Thaddrick poured himself another drink, the frothy beer stained his beard and he wiped it away carefully.  The listeners, from each small child and their parents who remembered the events to the listeners around the table, all attention held, devoted to every syllable that fell from Thaddrick’s lips.
‘A being followed the trail of life in the darkness as it wound its way across the void; it followed it revelling in the life and promise it could feel ahead.  Eventually it found the doorway still partially open and being of no substance thicker than the wind that blows through the clouds on a sunny day, through it crept.  Dèvin was at the site of the gateway and open to the source of magic, open to the root and as such, vulnerable.’  Thaddrick’s voice had changed, from the strong voice of the confident orator to the whispered thoughts of an old man repeating his memories and sins aloud.
Still the hall remained silent, every soul in the room quiet and pensive, waiting; just waiting for the now, sad old man to speak again, when he finally did speak again, his voice was strong once more, the teacher instructing his errant pupils.
‘Whenever magic is undertaken,’ he said, light housing his glance around the room, ‘be it a spell as magnificent as the spell used to create the barrier or a spell to heal a cut finger, the user must touch the root, the outskirts of the void.  In order for the balance to be maintained, a… an offering, you could call it,’ he said, musing over the phrase.  ‘Balance you see,’ he explained, ‘you take and you give,’ he smiled at his explanation and continued.  ‘An offering to the void is necessary.  In this case, Dèvin, my nephew was open to the void and extremely vulnerable, he’d been instructed to do no more than gather information as to the precise state of the gateway, but always impulsive, he attempted to close it alone and by himself, when for years stronger mages than he had tried.  I told him to return with the information… return to the place where we had decided the flexible quality of the walls structure would begin.  It had to be flexible you understand…’ Thaddrick again began to look lost, almost pleading as he continued.  ‘Flexible because we knew the void would continue to pull the life from the planet and the death would expand, if we could not stop it, we needed to slow it down.’  Thaddrick closed his eyes once more pain evident in their depths.
‘Go on Thaddrick,’ encouraged Gideon’s father, as he touched his friend’s hand, he was distressed at the sight of the old man in such obvious pain.  In Thaddrick’s eyes, Jed could see the wolf Blue and the pain it had suffered on his behalf after it had pulled him from the burning building.  For the first time Jed really and truly believed the old man was his beloved wolf, the lip service he had paid to the old man previously shamed him and he felt the tears of empathy sting his eyes.
‘Go on Blue boy,’ Jed said again, love flowing along his words and Blue smiled sadly back at him.
‘Somehow, the evil soul crept over my nephew and entered him, vulnerable and alone it became him.  We did not realise it had taken him over at first; using Dèvin’s memories it came after us, we, who were trying to build the barrier.  Our plans were mostly complete, the inhabitants divided, half left to maintain the barrier and the others already sent here to await the one; the spell had already begun when what we took to be Dèvin joined us and entered the spell making process alongside us.  I felt the change in him but in my arrogance, I thought it was because I would not allow him to die in my place.  I watched him unbelievingly as I realised the magic he was using was wrong, I called to him across the ether and told him the spell was wrong that he had mixed his words badly, I shouted that what he was doing would open the gateway directly into the void.  The spell was too complicated for me to overturn but in vain I tried to stop him, we battled in the ether, each trying to stop the other, I had thought my nephew was just angry but I saw he was now no longer my nephew and I finally realised what must have happened.  I believed he was dead and in his place was a creature, an evil soul direct from the void.  In its fury as I tried to stop it from reversing our spell and opening the gateway fully it tried to kill me using magic.  I could feel the heart inside my body stutter and slow and my throat close as I fought for breath, I could feel my blood slow and still, it was winning and I was dying.  For a moment its power faltered, I believe now it was my nephew trying to stop the evil from within.  As I fell to my knees, my peers noticed our battle and joined with me, slowly turning the tide in my favour, suddenly I heard my nephew loudly exclaim across the ether.
‘I am sorry uncle Thad,’ he called and he died, trapping himself, his own soul, deep within his body, possibly for all time, he had willed his own death, stopped his own heart, unable to expel the evil from his body and mind, he used his inherent magic to will his own death.  He knew you see that only the sudden death of the host could hold the evil inside his body, he had sacrificed himself after all.’
Thaddrick’s face was now wet with tears as he remembered the man he had promised to care for, he looked up and saw Gideon sitting across the table, so like the nephew he had lost so many years ago.
‘I think I knew from the moment I watched your father bring you into the world that you would be the one Gideon,’ he said.
‘What did yer do with yer nephew’s body Blue?’  Jed asked, his hand resting once more comfortingly on his friend’s arm.  Thaddrick tore his eyes from Gideon’s silent form and looked around at the assembled company once more.
‘With the half completed barrier spell stable for the moment and still surrounding the valley, we took Dèvin’s body to the site of our first home.  We still had a crystal, one of a few remaining, still powerful spell crystals brought from our home world and with much care and preparation, we placed the body of my nephew along with the crystal on an alter in the stone chamber on the mountain.  We conducted a spell of summoning using the crystal and a little living blood, the spell called the soul of my nephew and the soul of the being that had entered him into the stone itself.  As the spell took hold, my nephew’s body began to dry and whither, eventually crumbling to a pile of ash and dust leaving nothing of the man my brother’s son had once been.  The evil soul that had taken a hold of Dèvin had separated from his body and fused securely into the crystal that had rested on his chest.  Long ago, our people had banned this type of magic, blood magic but we had had no other choice, my nephew had done the only thing he could have done; he had used magic against himself, something that is also forbidden, he had willed himself to die holding the evil inside him.  Trusting that we, the remainder of his family would battle to save his soul and allow him to begin his own journey…  Could we have done less?’
With tears of pain and remembrance, Thaddrick saw the spell happening again before his eyes and he watched once more as the beautiful Dakar crystal turned from the powerful, dazzlingly bright, clean and translucent stone that shone with life, to a dull matt black, with purple’s and blues swirling here and there as the evil within fought to escape.
‘We took the crystal containing the evil to the centre of the then vast dead and stagnant lake,’ Thaddrick continued as if talking to himself.  ‘It was carefully wrapped it in clean white linen and placed it in an iron box to protect it from the fall through the dirty thick waters and we dropped it in and watched as it fell through the murk never to be seen again.  When we returned to the site of the wall we rejoiced, the wall had held despite the break in the casting and we finished the barrier spell turning the flimsy and transparent temporary shield we had created into a barrier of love and strength.  We hoped the wall was strong enough to hold back the void and any other beings or creatures that, should we fail to find a way to close the gateway, would surely try to make their way into our world following the bright banner of life, just as the evil that had caused my brother’s son to die had done.’  Thaddrick stopped speaking and stared into nothing.
During Thaddrick’s story Varan had remained silent, keenly interested in the tale of his homelands origins but as Thaddrick had continued to speak, he began to feel decidedly sick.
‘That crystal, Thaddrick,’ he said as the old man stared blankly, lost in thought.  ‘Was it six sided with an elongated point at the bottom and tipped with silver at the top?’  Without waiting for an answer he stood, turned his back on the old man and raised his shirt revealing the once more perfect tattoo, ‘and did it look like this…?’  He asked.


Chapter 31
The Sentient Crystal


Rhoàld, along with Thaddrick gasped aloud, the last time Rhoàld had seen the tattoo was the day his beloved Bastian had died, then it had been hanging in its gilt frame in Gath’s bedchamber in Devilly.  Thaddrick stared, unable to believe his eyes.
The magic had worked on Varan’s badly scarred back just as it had on Lemba’s tongue.  As soon as he stepped through the gateway onto the hilltop, he had felt the itching and then as he walked to the edge of the knoll the intense pain had brought him to his knees.  His back had burned as if tongues of flame were licking his skin, as if his tattoo was being stripped from his back once more, peeled slowly piece by piece, only this time in reverse.  He could almost feel the knife as it sliced at his body, replacing the skin it had harvested.
Thaddrick paled as he stared, he looked at the representation of the stone chamber drawn into Varan’s back; the two-dimensional tattoo became three-dimensional in Thaddrick’s mind.  Twelve pale columns with a stone altar drawn in the centre and on the altar stone itself stood a depiction of a hexagonal elongated crystal, the top of the crystal was dark, indicating a cover or a tip.  Varan heard rather than saw the old man gasp, he lowered his shirt and turned once more to face him.
‘It was seen again my friend and it is still sentient, it is worshipped by the creatures of the Bleak.  Slaves are offered to it for sacrifice, blood sacrifice...’ he said, adding, ‘and it is very powerful.’  Quietly he returned to his chair not noticing how Rhoàld flushed red as his gaze passed over him.
‘By the Journey’ this changes things,’ whispered Thaddrick, as he wiped his brow and emptied the beer glass before him.  ‘How long has the crystal been… um, above the water line?’  Thaddrick asked Varan quietly.
‘There is no longer a water line as there is no longer a lake.’  Varan answered, looking stoically at the old man, ‘there is just a vast dried up reed bed and the crystal was found many, many years ago, I know not what happened to the box but the crystal is in the temple carved into the mountain where the Bleaks’ inhabitants worship it.  As a boy, I and a few other prisoners were taken in a raid to be a blood sacrifice to it.’
Varan gazed at his brother who was sitting pale and still across the table from him; Sonal quietly stroked an old scar that ran down his jaw line, a living reminder of how Varan disappeared through the torn veil of the barrier.
‘That’s the reason why there are raids upon people living near the Bleak,’ he said as if he was trying to ease his brother’s guilt.  Looking back toward Thaddrick, he said, ‘as part of the sacrifice ceremony, each of those destined to die are given the crystal to kiss, offering their very souls to it before they are bled.  The priests tell them that if they comply and offer their souls freely, their families will be kept safe during future raids and by the time I was offered the crystal I thought I could proudly die alongside so many, knowing that I kept my family free.’
Sonal reached across the table and took his brother’s hand in his for support and grateful thanks and Varan turned to stare into his eyes as if he were the only person in the room before he continued.
‘One by one we kissed the crystal and spoke the words Sonal, one by one we died as our throats were sliced open like ripe fruits, so many men… so many women and children!’  Varan stopped speaking as he desperately tried to hold back his emotions, ‘all too soon it was my turn…’  He continued to stare into his brother’s eyes seeing his own past swimming before him.  ‘As I took it into my hands Sonal, I swear I prayed it would accept my soul and keep my family, keep you, free of it, free of the crystal.  I held it so tightly between my fingers that I could not feel how icy cold or how sharp its edges were and it sliced through my skin but I didn’t feel it then, as I brought the crystal to my lips it began to glow.  It pulsed with colour, purple and black swathes of rich vibrant colour, ribbons of a… a newfound life.  I touched it to my lips not realising I had inadvertently smeared the blood from my fingertips across my mouth.  The blood on my lips felt hot, so burning hot, I lay them on the cold crystal once more to cool the heat and to stop the dreadful burning.’  Varan withdrew his hand from his brother’s clasp and held it empty and open before him, he looked down onto his palm as if he could still see the cuts on his fingertips, silent tears fell from his eyes leaving tracks of silver running down his face and he was almost whispering as he continued.
‘The priests got very excited and couldn’t decide whether to slit my throat then and there or to save my sacrifice for another festival, such a thing had never happened before.  The high priest immediately removed the crystal from my hands and I never spoke the words that I believed would free my family from further torment.  At once, the crystal dulled and turned black and again this was something that had not happened before, so hastily the high priest returned the crystal to my hands where for a second time it began to glow.  I had been spared and my life changed.’  Varan’s tears now seemed inconsolable he wept openly, beseechingly.
‘I became a priest; a living representative of the entity within the crystal, the crystal itself had chosen me as a servant.  The tattoo I bear now is the mark of the high priest.’  Once more Sonal reached across the table to offer comfort to his brother.  Varan pushed his hands away gently.  ‘Sonal’, he said, ‘I watched our Grandfather die… I, I killed him.’  He added, so quietly the sound was below a whisper.
Sonal paused for a moment, unsure of what his brother said.
‘Did you not hear me Sonal?  Grandfather died at my hands.’
‘I don’t understand, what do you mean, you killed him?’  Sonal asked quietly.  Varan shook his head as he spoke.
‘Grandfather was taken in a raid, he was old and ill and he was brought before me amongst a group of men who had also been taken.  As high priest, part of my role was to select sacrifice for the stone and I deemed the frail old man not worthy to kiss the altar let alone the crystal itself.  I, I did not realise who he was...’ Varan’s voice dropped once more causing all the listeners to move forward slightly.  ‘I don’t think I would have cared if I had known,’ he added, ‘during the selection ceremony, the captives selected for the crystal are taken away and kept in seclusion and their blood is taken to clean and feed the stone.  The rejected men, women and sometimes children are hung… he, grandfather, was hung high on a stone altar, the altar stones guard the entrance to the chamber, I believe they were once upright columns’ but over time they’d fallen to a degree that had become useful…’ Thaddrick immediately saw the entrance to the large chamber of justice he and his fellow colonists had painstakingly cut from the rock.  Large columns cut from the living rock to represent justice and peace for the twelve schools of Arotia; he shuddered to think of the atrocities that had defiled the once sacred domain.
‘There are grooves cut into the rock so when a man’s wrists or throat is cut the blood flows slowly along the groove and falls into a collecting chamber, once the corpse is empty it is destroyed by fire and the blood is taken to the site of the gateway.’  Varan paused in his tale and looked squarely at Thaddrick.  ‘The gateway is venerated by all and once there the blood is placed in a bowl on a similar altar to the one that holds the crystal, a priest then watches over it as it slowly becomes part of the void itself, sent to act as a beacon to find others like the spirit within the crystal.’
‘By the Journey…’ Thaddrick whispered to himself, ‘I should have found a way to destroy the entity not just throw it into the lake and wash my hands of it.  Tell me Varan; why do I detect no evil in you, nothing like the being whose presence I felt in my nephew so long ago.’  Varan smiled weakly in reply.
‘My grandfather saved me, he recognised me and said nothing in case it endangered me, then as I prepared to slit his throat just like I had the others he spoke to me…’
Varan saw the scene once more in his mind as he told his tale, seven of the other captives already bled out and dead, two more whose blood was slowly dripping along the grooved rock ready to fall into the collecting bowls and himself reaching up to the neck of another old man a ceremonial knife in his hand.  He was singing a spell for confusion and pain, something to capture the old man’s soul as it departed and became one with the entity.  The old man looked into Varan’s eyes showing no fear, only love and forgiveness, surprised, Varan hesitated with his knife.
‘Varan, the Journey Wills, as it will,’ the old man said painfully, the words sending a paroxysm of shock and recognition through him.  ‘Remember your brother’s oath, the Guardians oath.  I love you boy, I always have, now then, slice deep so I die quick.’  He added, leaving Varan unable to move as he recognised his grandfather and finally he remembered just who he was and remembered his brother’s oath, the oath he was never born to take but had so many times with his twin each time they traded places and clothes on the mountain as children.
‘Cut deep boy,’ he heard his grandfather hiss, as the watching priests became aware of the change in the ritual and began to take notice.
‘I can’t grandpa, forgive me, I can’t,’ he whispered as the tears of regret and shame at what he had become built in his throat threatening to fall as tears.  Forgiveness filled his grandfather’s eyes once more and Varan felt his love.
‘Kill me now boy, before they kill you too, the Journey wills us all along our path, find your brother,’ he said.  Varan had been about to speak again when one of his fellow priests had called up too him.
‘Are you well?’
‘Perfectly, thank the crystal,’ he answered and with pain in his heart he pushed the knife deep into his grandfather’s throat.  He watched as the flesh parted and the blood began to fall freely tracing its path, winding toward the ornate collecting bowl and the altar servant ready to carry the offering of blood.
‘I know not why but from that moment I was free of the crystal’s influence, I planned my escape with meticulous care and trusted no one.  I arranged to go on a raid near the pass and I remembered a small cave where Sonal and I had often changed clothes, as we became each other, I hid there until the raiding party had passed back through the barrier once more.  Over the years, the barrier has weakened very significantly and periodically one can predict where it will break down completely for a short periods.  If done correctly, one can avoid the message and the sickness,’ he said quietly.
‘What sickness, I don’t recall a sickness or a message?’  Sonal said, clearly puzzled and looking up at his brother for the first time since he had revealed the details of their grandfather’s death.
‘The message is passed on through contact with the barrier’s fabric, in some subject’s it causes conflict within the soul, if the soul is inherently evil the conflict causes the person to become ill and usually they die, torn apart from within.  I believe I didn’t die from the sickness because my heart was no longer evil and I prayed to the Journey to protect me, to let me live as I passed through.’
Sonal stood and rounded the table his face full of sorrow; he took his brother’s hands into his own once more.  ‘Forgive me Varan, I should never have asked you to be me, the burden should never have been yours to bear,’ he said.
‘There is nothing to forgive, as grandfather said, the Journey wills as it will.  You must forgive yourself my brother.’  Varan replied and stood to accept the arms that encircled him, tears of love and regret washed through both men as the others watched.
Mayan, slightly embarrassed by the tears of the two grown men turned her face away as Thaddrick spoke.  ‘If the crystal has risen from the lake and Gath gets to it, he may not need Gideon, he may be able to open the gateway alone,’ he mused, his own face full of concern.
‘Thaddrick,’ Mayan smiled suddenly, ‘that’s a good thing isn’t it?’  She said, relief forging a smile.  She did not like the idea of Gideon or Jed, her brother going to the Bleak any more than Gideon’s father did.
‘No my dear, If Gath reaches the crystal before Gideon, he may well be strong enough to open a gateway alone but I believe he will open it into the void and not onto Arotia.  If the gateway is opened to the void, all life as we know it will die, and sooner, rather than later.’  Thaddrick paused in his speaking; his thoughts seemed suddenly to be miles away as Gideon spoke.
‘Thaddrick,’ Gideon said again a little louder this time, his father touched the old man on the arm.
‘Blue, Gid be asking yer a question.’  Jed said as Thaddrick shook himself to clear his thoughts.
‘I said,’ Gideon began again, ‘he won’t reach it first will he, the gateway I mean, he’s still here outside the forest where ‘e, sorry, he, was yesterday, remember, you said, ‘time played differently for us ‘ere.’  Gideon had listened intently, still not happy about the amount of death or sacrifice being bandied about like gifts at the winter festival but he listened, knowing it was his duty to do what he could to help the old man.
Thaddrick looked at the members of the small group around the table.  ‘I believe time is running out, as I have said time here is different, not stopped and, as Varan told you the spells are wearing thin, wearing out.  Alone, I don’t have the power to remake either the wall or the barrier around the Bleak.’
Mayan shivered and yawned, suddenly very tired, unbeknownst to the small group, night had long since thrown her blanket of darkness over the world and the room had slowly emptied of most of listeners even though the story had not finished.
‘Well if I’m ‘the one’ ‘ow can I ‘elp… er, how can I help if I can’t even get outside the forest without killing someone or making myself sick?’  Gideon exclaimed, ‘but if fer one moment you think I am travelling all the way to the Bleak in me… sorry, my granda’s coffin you have another think coming.’  He added referring to the wooden box made of Green Home wood he had travelled back from his grandparents’ house in.  Thaddrick hid a small smile behind a hand as he noticed Gideon continually correcting his own speech.
‘Oh, I heard about that that,’ Thaddrick chuckled quietly, again hiding his smile at Gideon’s ever changing speech in the idea of the wooden travelling box.  ‘I’m sure the others made it as comfortable as possible… under the circumstances,’ he smiled again, as Mayan and her brother turned their faces to the floor, not quite able to hide the grins that turned their mouths up at the corners.
‘Anyway,’ Thaddrick added, coughing politely, ‘it’s very late, indeed not long until dawn,’ he stood quietly, his face serious once more.  ‘Whilst you are here Gideon we will endeavour to teach both you and young Lemba the control your magic requires.  Rhoàld I think you should attend some of the lessons too,’ he said adding to the group, ‘if you had been born on Arotia you would all have been schooled from infancy to control the forces your blood calls to and it would by now, seem as natural to you as breathing but you will soon learn.  For example Gideon, do you remember using magic yourself before you became ill in the woods?’  He asked as Gideon also stood.
‘No, never have,’ Gideon replied looking a little surprised at the question.  Sonal looked at Gideon strangely.
‘Gideon, my own command of the magic has always been stronger when you are around, for example do you remember the time we, no, you, made the holes in the stones you wanted to give the twins as gifts?  Remember how I struggled to maintain the magic, it was only when you took over when you touched the roots yourself that it could be accomplished.  You bored the holes using the magic, not me.  Do you not recall that I was surprised at the lack of a balance needed?’
Gideon looked back at the time he had studied rocks and stones with Sonal.  Sonal was right he had had a hard time trying to bore the holes until he had touched Sonal’s arm to gain his attention to suggest another way of cutting through the rocks, perhaps using something other than magic.  He had suddenly felt one with the rock; he had seen the way the cuts were to be made and when Sonal had moved away from him he had watched as the holes had become real, not just a thought in his mind.  The particles of rock seemed to melt under his gaze as the holes had formed and he had thought Sonal’s magic was a wonder to behold; not realising he was using the magic himself.
‘Were that me then?’  Gideon asked, surprise evident on his face and his tight control of his speech slipping in the shock.  ‘Can I really do magic?’  He asked bemused, ‘d’yer hear that Jed,’ he looked toward his friend, ‘I can do magic!’  Jed in turn stood up and pointed his finger threateningly at his friend.
‘If I ever find out yer cheated an’ used magic ter best me at skimming stones across the Beaut, I’ll…I’ll throw yer in,’ he laughed suddenly at the look of consternation on his friends face.  Joining in with the laughter both Varan and Gideon’s father stood and moved away from the table and Jed held his hands out to a small fire burning merrily in the grate.
‘Me ole bones are tired so I’ll be sayin’ goodnight ter yer all. I too am goin’ ter bed,’ he said nodding toward the almost empty hall, ‘an’ I’ll see you all in the mornin’, Journey Willin’ o’ course,’ he added as he walked out of the room.
The tension eased as the boys laughed and joked remembering various tasks Gideon had always bested Jed at and the ones he lost until Mayan also yawned once more.
‘I got ter get some sleep, comin’ Lems?’  She asked as she stood and moved away from the table.  Rhoàld quietly said goodnight and followed the two girls from the room, arm in arm the young men began to follow behind their companions.
‘Gideon,’ called Thaddrick, before he had gone too far, ‘please be so good as to carry Jonus back to his room,’ he said, indicating a bundle of rags curled up in one of the large chairs before the fire.  He had gone unnoticed, as the company had talked, listening as long as he could until he had finally fallen asleep dreaming of skimming stones, that hopped across the water forever.
Gideon picked up the young boy and carried him off as Thaddrick smiled after their disappearing backs.
‘You have a question for me Sonal?’  Thaddrick said as he moved over to the fire and sat in the chair so recently occupied by the small boy.  ‘Please, join me, sit,’ he said indicating a second chair nearby.  Sonal move to the chair and perched himself on the edge, he felt cold.  The weak and dying flames of the fire giving off little or no heat; he rubbed his arms around his body and clapped his shoulders to bring a little warmth to the surface of his skin.  ‘The void is colder…’ Thaddrick said matter of factly, ‘that is what you wanted to ask about is it not?  I felt you trying to bridge the ether even though it is almost impossible here,’ he said, his glance becoming deadly serious.
‘I wanted to ask about opening the gateway, if Gath does open the gateway how do you know it will open into the void and not on your home planet?’  He said in a rush.  Thaddrick pulled at his beard before he answered.
‘Firstly, it is our home planet.  Secondly, because I was able to construct the spell to fully open the gateway onto Earth.  I made notes and kept them close by me always thinking I would find the spell for closing as easily as I made the spell for opening, balance again you see, but I never found the correct sequence or used the right intonations.  I’d not been able to construct the closing spell here on Earth and then, if I had opened the gateway and led us all back to Arotia, assuming it was still there of course, would I be dooming the Earth to the mercies of the void, and what if something went wrong and I destroyed both worlds.  In the end, the point became moot and I gave my notebook to Valeria for safe keeping, when..., well, I gave the notebook to Valeria and it was lost… If I could find my notebook…’ Thaddrick said almost to himself, ‘if I could find the notebook and open the portal onto Arotia we could close the gateway from there…’ Sonal sensed Thaddrick had almost forgotten he was there and wondered if his original question had even been answered.
‘What will you do now then?’  He asked instead and stood indicating his questions had finished.
‘Now…?  Well, for now, I will teach young Gideon, we don’t have much time but I will endeavour to do my best.  Goodnight Sonal.’  Thaddrick said in a hurry as he too stood and walked quickly toward the door leaving Sonal before the dying fire.  ‘My best for all our sakes...’  Sonal heard as Thaddrick left the room.
Sonal stared at the ashes of the fire, he thought of the revelations he had heard, Gideon being his great nephew.  The king, Gath, being a dark mage, a man who steals souls and bodies, the same man being married to Lena, his small and fragile sister, her death her after she had given him a child and not to mention the ring, now sitting prettily on Mayan’s finger as a love token from Gideon.  Then of course Thaddrick himself, another member of his family though distant, and once he thought about it, he realised Thaddrick did have the look of his grandfather about him and he should have known they were related somehow.
‘Grandfather...!’  He suddenly thought of the book he held so precious, the book his grandfather had given him so many years before and his vision, the man he had seen writing in it, staring at him as the vision ended.  ‘Is it really beyond the bounds of possibility that my book is the book Thaddrick seeks?’  He whispered, and making his mind up quickly, he quietly walked to the room he shared with his brother.  He could see by the light of the candle that Varan had cried himself to sleep; his pillow was wet with tears.  As gently as he could he removed the pillow from beneath Varan’s head and replaced it with his own dry one and Varan smiled, gently smacking his lips together once or twice before settling down again.  Satisfied his brother was comfortable once more; he moved back to his own bed and retrieved the book from its habitual hiding place under the bed.  Re-crossing the room, he blew out the candle and silently closing the door behind him headed out toward the hall, intent on finding Thaddrick.
Through the dark corridors that looked so different in the light of day, Sonal moved as quickly as he could but as he entered the hall, he heard the main door open and close quietly.  Turning quickly toward the main entrance in a vain attempt to catch the old man, Sonal walked straight into a chair knocking his shin painfully and sending the chair flying with a loud clatter.  Hurriedly he picked up the chair and with a quick cuss and a brief rubbing of his shin, he quietly limped to the front door, opened and passed through, again as quietly as he could.  He could see Thaddrick within hailing distance but it was still not quite dawn and people were still asleep, so Sonal limped as fast as his painful shin would allow after the old man.  Before long, the pain in Sonal’s leg eased and he was able to move a little faster but he still could not seem to move as fast as the old man did.
‘Thaddrick,’ called Sonal softly as the old man stopped beneath the huge tree on the hill, it stood out in stark relief against the predawn sky as Thaddrick stood beneath it and began to sing in a low but harmonious voice, his arms moving in intricate patterns as he sang.  Sonal moved closer as a pinprick of light appeared, growing brighter by the moment, the light held a dark centre and the centre began to grow and split, making more dark spots appear, Sonal realised he was watching the birth of a gateway, in wonder he watched the beautiful lights shine and sparkle as Thaddrick sang.  The dark spots changed shape as the surface of fiery light broadened and once more, he recognised the shapes as hexagons, soft dark hexagons, they swam and spun in the brilliance of the light.  Sonal could see Thaddrick’s face, serene and peaceful as he sang the gateway into being and just as before, the shining sphere flattened and the hexagons stopped moving quite so fast, gently they tessellated and became solid, a solid black velvet mass.
‘Thaddrick,’ called Sonal softly once more just as Thaddrick stepped through into the darkness.  Annoyed with himself for waiting so long before calling again, Sonal rushed toward the gateway all evidence of his painful shin gone.  He was beginning to feel very sleepy all of a sudden and taking a deep breath and praying his journey was not about to start he fell rather than stepped through the inky black surface.
As the dawn chorus began and the first light of day began to creep over the pretty, white stone buildings and their sleeping inhabitants’ time seemed to freeze.  Birds stopped in flight and song, the wind ceased to blow and the sun seemed to stop in its tracks.
The pre-dawn sky would stay a pre-dawn sky until Thaddrick’s return.


Chapter 32
Sonal Returns Home


The wolf crouched by the large rocks hiding the gateway’s entrance, it thought it had heard a voice as it entered the portal but unable to distinguish the owner or stop his momentum, having already begun the journey along the short corridor through the void, it hid to check that it was not followed.  The time-lapse spell should have kept the inhabitants of the valley in suspended sleep until my return, the man inside the wolf thought, but I am sure I heard something…
Within seconds of Blue’s hiding the tessellation occurred, the shimmering black hexagons stilled and seemed to spread, joining fast together giving the illusion of a solid base, the inky black surface rippled slightly and an almost comatose man fell through, landing hard but heavily asleep in the moon washed dirt and stone before the entrance of the portal.  As the sleeping man lay sprawled on the ground the portal shimmered once more and the hexagons changed, taking on a mirror like appearance, the rivers of fire usually so bright and impressive becoming dull, the whole construction taking on the reflection of the world of rocks around it.  Blue looked at the gateway in deep satisfaction, it had taken him a long time to change the spell and alter the design, any observer now coming across the portal would see only a reflection of the sky or the mountainside upon which the gateway stood.  A sudden noise from the man on the ground reminded Blue he was no longer alone and suspicion filled him and his hackles rose, his eyes narrowed dangerously and his usually prominent ears lay back against his skull.  Gingerly he stepped toward the sleeping man allowing the man’s scent to wash over him, as he recognized the smell he relaxed slightly.  With his wolf sight and in the moonlight, the man’s clothes were a combination of different densities, ranging from deep black where the shadows lay, to a light grey where the jerkin faced the moon’s pale light.  Blue knew this particular jerkin was usually a mix of green and faded black, as a wolf, his eyesight was extremely good and he could with difficulty see colour but even he had to admit not very well and especially in this light.  Sonal, thought Blue, realising whom it was what on the journey are you doing here.
Sonal moved as his enforced sleep began to wear off, no longer under the influence of the spell his body reacted fast bringing him around within minutes after falling through the portal.  Rather dazed, Sonal sat himself up and looked around him.
‘Well, this surely isn’t Green Home Forest,’ he said as he took in his surroundings, all was quiet and still in the moonlight apart from a soft hiss, what’s that?  He thought absently, it’s like, like air escaping from one of my old balloons, he ignored his own question as he saw the wolf standing so close to him and stood up.  ‘Blue, I guess this is going to be a one way conversation then,’ he chuckled as the now relaxed wolf pushed its head under Sonal’s hand.  Sonal responded and pulled at the wolf’s ears.
‘Where are we boy?’  He asked as the wolf moved away motioning with his head for Sonal to follow.  Slowly, Sonal clambered the well-trodden animal track, his larger feet finding it slightly more difficult to traverse as easily as the wolf and his eyes stayed fixed firmly on the ground to find his footing and prevent a fall.  To Sonal, they seemed to walk for moments only until the pair finally rounded a corner and stopped.  He was totally unprepared for the scene before him, the mountain range suddenly seemed to open up and from his position he could see a large dome like shape covering almost the entire valley before him.  The dome shimmered in iridescent beauty as it reflected the moons pale light and he felt tears sting his eyes as he realized he was home, he had returned to the Bleak.  He fell to his knees and softly began to cry.
‘Home,’ he whispered. ‘Blue, I lived near here; my family has a small farm… no, by now it will be inside the wall…’ he cried as he realized the wall had indeed expanded.  He looked once more at the pearly, shimmering barrier before him, in places, the wall looked thin and dull, almost gone, strands of the original spell structure still held but barely.  They added their lustre to the shining brilliance as if a cord were stringing together shining pearls, a vision of his mother swam before his eyes, smiling and happy holding a long sting of the pale white orbs.
Sonal’s mother had always worn a string of white stones around her neck on special occasions, they had been a gift, her brother, a second son himself had been allowed to leave the Bleak when he was a young man and much like Sonal in his turn had always yearned for a different life.  Many years later, he returned with jewels and trinkets from a lifetime of sea faring and he had filled Sonal’s head with the tales and wonders of the outside world.  Sonal’s father, fearing the influence on his susceptible older son had discouraged the visits when he could but not before his brother in law had given a string of pearls to his sister, Sonal’s mother.  The pearls radiant beauty and shape had done nothing but remind the young man of the barrier he hated and in his mind he could still see them, only now, they were dull and patchy; not with shining iridescence he knew they, like the barrier before him had once held.
‘How has it deteriorated so fast?’  He asked still staring at the wall, ‘where are the Guardians... why have they let it get into this state, what happened here?’  He asked again, the questions falling off his tongue like water from the sky in a rainfall.  The wolf, unable to answer, led the man further into the valley and nearer to the failing wall.  Sonal could see that in places, the curtain of magical fabric was actually torn and to his horror, he could see that where the rents had occurred, already life outside of the barrier had already begun to wither and die.  Walking toward the nearest of the small rents, Sonal rubbed the scar on his chin gently, as if trying to remind himself how he got it.  He shook his head and deliberately stepped carefully and quietly through, that hiss is louder here, he thought.  Blue opened his mouth and emitted a low-key breathy whuff, clearly upset at Sonal having moved inside the dome.  His ears flattened against his head and he lowered himself to the ground inching forward almost on his belly as he trailed after the man.  Sonal kept moving through the gloom, the moonlight refused to penetrate the wall leaving the whole area dull and unreal, like walking through fog, Sonal thought, suddenly feeling like each step was a labour, his arms and legs felt heavy too and it was difficult to breath.  He walked on regardless, passing places he knew he had known as a child but now was barely recognisable; dust covered everything and nothing seemed to be alive.  The fog like atmosphere thickened, broken only by the occasional beam of muted light as it filtered through a tear in the dome high above his head, as he walked he removed his scarf from his neck to tie it across his face in order to stop the dust and fog from penetrating his lungs too deeply.  I condemned Varan to live like this…, he thought, the tears drying in his lids before they became viable.  On he walked, mile after mile of nothing but dirt, fog and death, with Blue as silent as the grave loyally following.
Finally, Sonal saw in the periphery of his eyesight what he had subconsciously come to find.  A long low wall stood before him, the petrified remains of a small grove of trees and a stone well, miraculously still intact; then the remains of a barn with its doors open and swinging awkwardly off the hinges, its cavernous interior making the shadows look deeper and more threatening as they passed by.  Still Sonal walked on, slower now and with dread holding every step, making every footfall scuff up the sand and dirt beneath his feet, the only obvious movement among the miles of desolation.  On he crept through the dead village, past outlying tumble down shacks and lost faded buildings that had once held his friends.  His chest became tight as he struggled to breathe the thin air and again he slowed down, almost not wanting to see.  Then, out of the gloom appeared what had once been another building, it was just as ramshackle and dead as the rest of the village but this one the breath still in his chest.  A still sturdy chimneystack grew from a ruin that had once been his childhood home, here and there, the roof remained intact allowing him to glimpse inside the once lively house, rotten wooden floors, doors hanging from hinges and torn rags flapping at broken windows threw him instantly into the throes of memory.  He walked slowly around the building seeing the rooms for what they once were, tears for himself and his family refusing to fall from his eyes, drying even before they were born.  He saw ghosts from his past, his mother sat with her twin sons and daughter before the roaring fire telling the three children stories before bedtime.  His father, teaching him how to use his magic to repair small hurts in trees or animals and how to maintain the balance the magic required, all in preparation for his duties as a guardian.  He saw Analeen crying on the last day he had seen her alive, her small face contorted with tears and sobbing because she didn’t want to go visit an old aunt of her mother’s, she had wanted to stay at home.
‘With the boys and grandpa,’ she had said, he remembered how happy both he and Varan had been when their mother had refused to allow her request.  Lena had always been able to tell us apart, he thought, she would have spoiled our game of swaps, his thoughts continued guiltily.  Maybe she would still have been alive if she had stayed; he shook his head to remove the depression that had settled over him.  He thought of his grandfather, the grandfather who had put so much trust in him, the grand old man of the family, so loved by all of the children.
‘It’s a secret from me to you…,’ the words entered his head with such force they startled him.
‘The book, of course, grandfather’s book,’ he said whirling around to face the wolf sitting alert but unhappily beside what had once been the life force of the house, the now dead hearth.
‘I came to give you this.’ Sonal said, suddenly angry at the overwhelming emotion engulfing him within the confines of his old home, guilt laying heavily on his mind.  ‘Did I make this happen Blue?’  He whispered as he placed the book before the wolf on the dirt floor.  ‘Did I cause them all to die, Lena to die?’  Unable to shed viable tears he sat breathing heavily and with difficulty as he leant against the outer wall of his old home his head held low in his hands.  ‘Some secret, grandfather,’ he sobbed aloud, his voice raw and filled with pain.
Blue looked quizzically at the book before him before lowering his head and sniffling and snuffling all around it, his attention suddenly transfixed, he began pushing the old book gently with his nose.  Sonal looked up as he heard the scraping of the book across the ground as it inched its way with the help of Blue’s paw toward a single patch of pure moonlight and following the moonbeam’s upward path as far as he could toward the ceiling of the large domed barrier, Sonal sighed.
‘Somewhere up there Blue, is yet another hole in the barrier!’  He said softly, acknowledging the single candle of pure light in the desolation surrounding them, he felt ill knowing that as the moonbeam penetrated the broken barrier, so was the void sucking the life in from outside the dome, eventually it would suck everything through and leave the whole planet as desolate and dead as this place was.
Finally, the book reached the silver patch of moonlight and Sonal stared as the wolf leaned even closer and began to breathe over it, soft snuffling and sharp short barks, the soft whuff of each breath accompanied a gentle howl, each conveying something to the inanimate object.  The book suddenly began to change colour, from its bland undistinguishing dirty leather to a brilliant green and gold, the intricacy of the pattern on the cover now a recognisable gateway and with a huge number of the brilliant hexagons almost at the point of tessellation, almost ready to open.  Immediately the wolf began to wag his tail high, his tongue lolled from the side of his mouth and he drooled.
‘What is it boy?’  A bemused Sonal asked, the colours of the book reminding him again of the vision he had witnessed back in his home beside the Green Home Forest.  He knew without looking that if he picked up the book now and opened it would at last be full of writing, he still would not be able to read it, but the writing would be there.  With the glorious book still green, gold and shining brightly in the centre of the pale silvery moon beam, the wolf began to frolic like a puppy and gambol playfully, madly.  Finally, it slowed and bowed low placing the front of its body down to the ground, while holding its rear high, its tail still wagging furiously whilst its brilliant blue eyes shone with pleasure.  He’s smiling!  The thought crossed Sonal’s mind as suddenly Blue stopped, his ears alert and erect, his fur suddenly bristling, Sonal watched, his own fear mounting as the wolf he had known for years curled his lips back and snarled, a long low sound that sent shivers down his spine.  The wolf before him seemed to double in size, as the hairs on the animals back seemed to puff out and expand, his tail pointed straight out behind him giving him length, its muscles taut and quivering, it was ready to fight.
‘Come on Blue, we have outstayed our welcome I fear.’  Sonal said quietly as picked up the book, absently noting the beauteous colours vanishing before his eyes, he replaced it deep inside his jerkin pocket and began to move away, back the way they had come.  He moved awkwardly now, the lack of air making him slow.  Through the thick fog he moved, exertion making his heart rate quicken and his breathing labour even more as he staggered back toward the opening in the wall.  It seemed so far away, the wall has expanded so far, Sonal thought remembering how as a young man, he and the other guardians had had to walk almost half a day past their house to reach it.  It has expanded a day’s walk since I was young, how is this possible?  His thoughts continued as he strove to keep ahead of the wolf.  Now and then, his heavy body protested and he had to stop for breath but the wolf pushed him on relentlessly, Sonal had the feeling something was following them but did not want to stop to find out what.
The eerie silence surrounded them, broken only by the inescapable hiss that seemed to be everywhere; a soft gentle sound that caressed the eardrums belying the danger it represented.  If the earth was a balloon in the hands of the void, then the air was escaping at an alarming rate and all too soon, the balloon would be flat, earth, like the balloon, would die.
At last, the wall was in sight and both Sonal and Blue quickened their pace with Blue, as ever taking the rear.  Standing just inside the rent in the fabric of the wall Sonal suddenly felt the full force of the void’s pull.  With his body pushing against the current of air he struggled to step through the tear until a tremendous push at his back had him over and on the dead earth outside the hole once more with Blue standing over him.  Tired but free from the pull of the valley he immediately stood and stared back the way he had come.
‘If I can do nothing else I can do this…,’ he said to the wolf as he prepared himself to perform a spell he had not spoken in what seemed a lifetime.  The wolf paced back and forth giving off soft breathy whuff’s and sharp clicks as his teeth ground together, it was impatient to be off and letting Sonal know it.  Sonal attempted to concentrate until irritated by the constant movement in his peripheral vision he turned to the wolf and hissed.
‘Will you stay still, it’s hard enough without you fidgeting…’ turning back to the wall, he smiled to himself hearing his father in his words, as he attempted to teach an unwilling boy the correct intonations.
‘Father, I’m ready now,’ he whispered softly to himself before looking at the wolf and adding, ‘you know I was born for this Blue.’  Then placing his fingertips together to aid his concentration he began to sing, a low melodious hum began building slowly, each note pure and clear as his fingers began to weave patterns in the air.  Blue could see the fabric being created before his eyes as Sonal sang, each note adding strength to the weft and the weave of the threads as if they were on an invisible loom.  As a wolf, he could see in colour but not well, so the silver and gold threads before him that glowed softly as Sonal wove the delicate lace like fabrics, he knew, would be dazzling to behold in his human form.
The music swirled around them and swept into the hole, it grew in volume and power as it entered the valley, resonating from within, echoing the new notes that Sonal sang, each chord adding its own power and beauty.  The wall itself responded as each sound melded and formed new lines, shimmering iridescent strands adding power to the old broken threads weaving strength, healing and repair.  The power seemed to double and treble as the song stimulated the tired and faded threads of the original spell structure.  Then, finally, the gossamer fabric, like fine silk cobwebs overlay the tear in the fabric of the dome, Blue could see the strain on Sonal’s face as he struggled to make the bindings stay, the intense pull from the void making the melding of the repair almost impossible.
Still Sonal sang and gently lowering himself to the floor pushed his fingers into the dusty dead ground.  He felt something changing, pulling on him, draining him slightly, the balance… he thought as he sank further onto his knees in the struggle.  Suddenly he felt lifted as another voice joined his and the task before him began to fall into place as each thread joined and combined, fusing together blending the old with the new.  The light from the moon caught the pearlescent fabric and the whole section of wall glowed with a lustre unseen for many years.  Blue continued to whuff and bark softly in time with Sonal’s music of strength and love, finally and with a tremendous bang, the hole sealed closed, just as if a door had slammed shut before them.  Still on his knees, Sonal looked at the wolf and a slow smile spread over his face.
‘My father would have been proud to know you Thaddrick,’ he said, as the wolf moved toward him and lay on the ground, sphinx like with exhaustion, his tongue lolling long and wet out of the side of his mouth.  Sonal rubbed the wolf between the ears and made no attempt to rise, he just stared at the shining wonder before him glowing pale and shimmering like silver.
‘Looks solid, as if nothing could ever pass through it, eh boy?’  He said softly, knowing the lie of the words, knowing from experience the wall and the hard-earned repair would not last long.  Time is running out for us and for the world, maybe for both worlds.  What happened here father?  Where did the Guardians go, did they give up and run away?  Just as I once ran away…’  A single tear ran down his face reflecting the light from the iridescent wall before him and he pondered guiltily about his family and other ‘guardian’ families he had grown up alongside; they had all vanished, broken up and dispersed just as the wall they had once given their lives to protect was doing.  Finally, as Blue licked his hand and he looked into the animal’s deep blue eyes he understood.  ‘It’s ‘Journeys Will’ Blue, that’s it isn’t it, the Guardians were not meant to continually struggle to mend a failing wall, I was meant to leave, meant to find ‘the one,’ meant to find Gideon to help guard him as he grew so he can fulfil the prophecy, he can close the gateways forever.’
Blue lowered his heavy head and licked Sonal’s hand once again.  ‘It’s alright now Blue, I really do understand.’  Sonal said and stared at the dome once again wishing his peace and blessings for a swift journey to the people he had once loved and left. 
At last, the wolf stood and urged Sonal to move by placing his nose under the arm of the tired man and pushing hard.
‘Blue, I’m grateful you pushed me out of the hole but I can walk unaided …,’ Sonal said as he stood and walked away from the wall, even now slightly duller than it had been during the making of the spell.  Smiling weakly, moving slowly and clearly exhausted, Sonal began to follow the wolf as it made its way back along the narrow path.  Abruptly Blue stopped, turned and padded quietly to a rocky outcrop near the edge of the track, his gaze out over the base of the mountain and on to the pass so far below, his ears alert and forward.  Sonal moved on unaware the wolf had stopped until a gentle, whuff drew his attention.  Sonal turned and gasped, he looked at the silhouette of the wolf standing firm and solid with the great barrier softly glowing behind him.  Blue’s outline wavered and shimmered and somehow Sonal could see the human man underneath the body of the magnificent wolf.  He again remembered his vision of so long ago, he and another person standing before the Bleak watching the great wall as it shimmered and shone, beautiful and deadly in the moonlight.
‘It was you in my vision wasn’t it boy, it was you!’  He said as he moved slowly toward the wolf, still tired from his run to the wall and the exertion of the song, as he neared the mound and stood beside the wolf, Blue jumped at him forcing him to the ground.
‘Hey!’  Sonal called as he fell heavily onto the hard rocks at the base of the rise, Blue returned to his previous position and once more looked down the mountain and into the pass now illuminated fully by the moonlight.  Sonal leaned forward to join him.  ‘Can you see a rabb...?’  Sonal began in jest, rubbing his sore backside and he stopped abruptly as he realised below him and encamped on the plains before the pass was a huge army; flags flew above tents that gleamed white in the moonlight, ‘Gath,’ he said unnecessarily.  As they watched, small figures began to move around the camp and lights began to glow from tiny fires as one by one they were put to flame, then the figures began to swarm toward the mountain itself and slowly they began to climb.
‘Maybe they heard the song, felt the magic…’ Sonal began as both he and the wolf moved quickly off the mound and back along the path that led to the hidden gateway.
As before, Sonal watched in wonder as the gateway opened, he thought he would never see anything as beautiful as the moment the shiny black hexagons amid their rivers of molten gold finally tessellated and snapped shut becoming the solid but liquid surface.  Again, both Blue and Sonal passed through to the valley and as a man once more, Thaddrick closed the portal, forgetting in his excitement over his newly found book to conceal the evidence of the gateway’s existence in the ether.
‘It has begun,’ Thaddrick said as he turned to the man he thought of as a nephew, noticing for the first time shots of silvery white running through his normally thick dark blonde hair, the balance, he used himself for the balance, he thought, sadly remembering the passion of Sonal’s song as he repaired the damaged section of the dome.  Solemnly, Sonal withdrew the book from his jerkin and passed it to the old man.
‘I truly forgot I had it until I heard you mention it this evening.  I wasn’t even sure it was the book you spoke of, because the pages are all blank,’ he said and he stared at Thaddrick’s hands as they caressed the cover, watching in amazement as at once the book seemed to take on a life of its own, with the colours returning and glowing vibrantly.  Thaddrick smiled and flicked through the leaves, writing appeared page by page as his fingers touched them and disappeared again as his fingers passed on.
‘With this once more, we may yet succeed…, we must succeed,’ Thaddrick answered as he put his arm around Sonal’s shoulders and drew him back toward the whitewashed buildings and the still rising sun.


Chapter 33
The Crystal Rages


Deep inside the domed basin, within a stone chamber carved from the living rock of the mountain, a crystal sat on a stone plinth, its silver cap black with tarnish and dirt.  Once it was clear and clean, its silver bright and shining in the radiant sunshine, once it was full of pure energy used for the good of all.  The evil soul it now held imprisoned within its confines had existed for many, many years and over time had learned to use the crystals magic for itself.  It used the remaining power little by little to dominate the weak-minded creatures that eked out an existence in the almost toxic atmosphere within the dome that surrounded the once green and fertile valley.
The crystal was aging as the power it held lessened and the spelled barrier broke down, becoming less of a prison than it had always been and as the spell waned, the once solid crystal was becoming more and more like pretty glass, fragile and brittle.  The entity had waited; it had waited patiently for many, many years and now knew that it would soon be free to begin its spree of revenge.  The magic of the crystal had done more than just imprison it, it had enabled it to absorb the souls of those who touched it, absorb the energies of the weak.  Already the entity was more powerful than it had been as it had emerged from the void into the dead lands of the Bleak and found its host.  It had travelled the void for an eternity seeking a way home, a way to exact its revenge on the mortal men it hated most.
Across the void, it had felt the call, felt the life flowing through the small hole in the fabric of the void like a ribbon of brilliance, lighting up the darkness, full of emotion and exuberance.  The world itself had called to it and the entity had swum up the stream following its call remembering emotions it had long forgotten, feeling life in the thousands of memories and feelings from souls lost on their journey.  Memories of a life it had once lived began to resurface, the call of a crow, the flowing of blood as a knife slit a vein, the sound of a woman screaming in agony as it cut away her unborn child.  All things it remembered and the memories became a mercy to it, cast out as it was into the void for all time and time meant nothing, a minute, an hour, a century, in the void, time did not exist.
The memories grew greater as it neared the source of the stream it followed, the love of its mother as she held her first-born, the feel of her arms as they caressed the infant it had been.  The curiosity at the mother’s swollen belly that was to be its sibling, then the new baby, the one that had taken its mother’s life and its sadness and confusion at its mother’s disappearance and the disdain of its father when it had looked for love and comfort.  The pain it had felt for the ever neglected children, its loneliness, the hate that grew for her; the sibling who had caused its pain.  Then it tasted greed and envy, loving the feel of the dark emotions caressing its being, it tasted the lust it had felt for that human sibling as she had grown more and more like the mother who had died birthing her and it remembered taking her...  Then rage filled it as it recalled its separation, its immortal soul, torn from his mortal body and the pure malevolence it felt toward the twelve who had cheated it of life.  It remembered Dèvin, Théoden’s son, willing his own death to trap it in his own human form.  
Then it remembered waiting
For the entity, time had begun once again when Thaddrick had cast it into the crystal.


***


The soul of Théoden’s son had been silent for a millennium.  At first, it had fought to be free, free to begin its pathetic journey, such sacrifice and noble indeed, the entity thought, deeply sarcastic.  It had not really believed such sacrifice could exist, it vaguely remembered as a mortal being taught about balance and sacrifice, the act of giving something up for someone else but it could not comprehend the why of it, Dèvin for example, why would you knowingly trap your own soul?
It fought through its vast vocabulary for the right word to describe what it was, as, such as, as… I. That’s it, I…I… I. Am. Medim. I, I will soon be free and I will take my place amongst my own kind once more.  It glorified in remembering its once human name.
The soul that was Dèvin stayed silent and hidden in the depths of the crystal.  It would have sacrificed its body again and again to keep the monster away from other people.  While still human himself he had been the vessel that the entity had used long ago in its attempt to kill his uncle Thaddrick.  It constantly lived the thoughts of the evil one as it coerced and planned the death of its captives and they were captives, these poor deranged folk left behind when the Guardians finally abandoned the wall and the lake had gone, dried up like the life that leeched away into the void.
Dèvin’s soul knew regret and sorrow, lamenting his heady youth that had almost caused the barrier spell to fail.  Yes, the vanity was mine, mine was the fault, I allowed my body to be vulnerable to it as I attempted to close the gateway, using a magic I was never strong enough to undertake.  Dèvin’s soul mourned for every other spirit that perished, every soul absorbed by the evil of Medim, knowing he must share the blame and knowing that soon the crystal would shatter, no longer able to withstand the constant barraging from Medim’s spirit.  Slowly the evil had eroded the crystal’s timeless surface
Soon, soon now…  It, Medim, began to laugh gleefully, even as it felt the disturbance in the roots of magic as Sonal sang and cast his spell.
A resounding boom and suddenly the barrier felt strengthened, Medim’s soul felt the wards surrounding the crystal tighten and toughen, it screamed in rage and fury as the soul of Dèvin quietly smiled.
The crystal turned purple and black, the colours swirling sickeningly fast inside the twelve-sided stone sending shadows with an almost palpable intensity of pure hate the like of which had not been felt before.
The priests surrounding the stone paled under the onslaught and screamed in pain as one by one prisoners’ were hastily sacrificed and bled out around the base of the crystal’s plinth, all in an effort to placate the raging stone but to no avail.  As Medim’s temper grew, the crystal grew hotter.  Finally, in an almost cataleptic trance, the priests took up their knives and swords as one and wailed as they sliced through skin offering their own blood for the sake of their crystal’s pain.  Their heavily disproportioned bodies began bleeding profusely as they attempted to cool their precious stone the only way they knew how.  Still, the crystal heated and raged as it pulled against the power holding it tightly confined.  Fear smothered the priests and chilled their hearts as their blood continued to flow freely.
Only once before had they seen the crystal act in this way, a captive, a hated guardian of the dome had held the crystal in homage ready to die.  As he had knelt ready to kiss the stone in his final humiliation and say the sacred words, it had suddenly pulsed with life and reflected emotion.  It burned brighter than it ever had before and ribbons of darkness had shot from each of its twelve sides seeming to pierce the very souls of those waiting in their turn, to bleed and die.  The priests had removed the crystal from the guardian’s hands in horror and the crystal had dulled as it cooled but it had cooled.
Now, the priests continued to wail as their sacred icon burned, it demanded more and more from them.  Their blood flowed from their wrists and fell, filling the small trough surrounding the stone plinth.  As the blood pooled, the soul of Medim raged as his temper reached its height, I was so close, so very close to escape, it thought and slowly its temper began to wane just as the blood flow slowed and stopped.  The priests bled out happily, as one by one they died, willingly giving themselves in sacrifice to their precious idol, believing their sacrifice would enable them to become one with it in the afterlife.


Chapter 34
Gath Feels the Magic


Gath stared up at the mountainside high above him.  Here at the head of the pass he had hoped to await Gideon’s arrival in comfort, knowing from his memories that there had never been any other way in or out of the vast valley now known as the Bleak.  He remembered this pass well, somewhere here, on this plain; he had killed a deer and fed off it for almost his entire journey out of the mountain range.  I’m sure it was greener then, he mused, so long ago, so very, long ago.  He heard the flap of fabric behind him and turned to find Darnel close by.
‘Do you recall my mentioning I began this life here Darnel?  Strange how I could have forgotten all about this place for so long, don’t you think?’  Darnel said nothing and he stood quietly in his toga, cold and shivering under the cool night sky.  The white toga along with the pale skin reflected the moonlight beautifully.  Gath smiled; remembering the brown sun-kissed youth he had first met during the pledging ceremony, and how he had enjoyed changing the young man to what he was now.  A little magic had whitened the boy’s skin to the colour of alabaster and a servant always available to apply white powder to the young man when his own enthusiasm caused a blemish to mar the pale almost translucent skin.  Gath loved to look at the young man standing so still in the pale silvery glow, a slight breeze played at the curls that were so carefully coifed by another of Gath’s servants and the boy gave the illusion of a statue turning from stone into life, as Gath watched he felt himself harden with desire.
‘Ahh, dear boy, you are a living god, and, you belong to me, my own personal angel of pleasure,’ he said as he reached his hand toward the young man’s perfect form.  Darnel’s short toga left nothing to the imagination as Gath lifted the garment and feasted his eyes on his muscular legs, his large flaccid manhood and his delicately sculptured pubic hair.  Darnel cringed inside, how he hated this man, this man who had taken his tongue and his honour, he knew his sister was so far unharmed but he also knew as soon as she grew up, Gath would have her just as he had him.  He cursed his parents for dying and leaving both of them to Gath’s mercies, he had no life, no friends and his only personal possession was a small black pearl trinket box, holding a shrivelled and dried piece of meat.
‘A reminder,’ Gath had said, ‘so you remember what you could have lost and be eternally grateful to me that you didn’t.’  Gath had been referring to the choice Darnel had made, to lose his tongue or his penis.  Sometimes, alone in the dark when Gath was asleep, or away on affairs of state Darnel would remember the horror of that night once more, he would see the young boy with his throat exposed to the sharp blade.  The blood spurting across the filthy dungeon, the look on Gath’s face as he finally made his choice and stuck out his tongue and the metallic rusty taste of the dead boy’s blood mingling with his own as his tongue was cut away.  Sometimes... sometimes, he wished that he had chosen differently, at least then he and probably his sister would both be dead now and journeying on to meet their parents.
Darnel cringed inwardly as his king cupped his manhood in full view of the soldiers and their women followers, in his head, he could hear their laughter, the cruel jibes of the men and the pitying looks of the women.  Finally, as Gath let the toga fall and took Darnel’s hand in his own he felt cold comfort in knowing that although the king was taking him away from the prying eyes and the pitiful looks, he was going to be with him in his bed, alone once more.
Suddenly Gath turned back toward the mountain and stared hard, all thoughts of Darnel and his own personal pleasures’ gone from his mind.
‘Do you feel that?’  He asked aloud, concentration clear on his face, ‘does anyone feel that?’  He said louder.  Gath walked a few steps nearer to the mountain and continued to look up into the dark recesses of the rocky crags.  Darnel also looked up, under the night sky; the face of the mountain looked unscalable and darkly eerie.  Pockets of total blackness occurred here and there where the moon’s pale light could not reach and the small plants that grew from rocks and crevices moved softly in the breeze blowing across the plain, making moving shadows of the tentacles and feelers look as if they were alive and crawling across the cliffs rocky surface.  He shivered once more under the strange feeling of tension in the air, cocking his head to one side listening intently and thought he could hear something, something compelling.  Involuntarily he took a further step forward.  Soft gentle music, strange music filled with strength and healing, it called to him, since he had lost his ability to speak his hearing had become more acute and he found the strange music soothing.  Suddenly out of nowhere a loud noise reverberated across the plain, it assaulted his ears and he quickly covered them with his palms to protect them as the noise continued to echo around the pass and explode again and again, like a mighty thunderclap, filled with the promise of rain on a hot and close afternoon.  Darnel shivered as he watched Gath’s men along with their wives and followers leave their tents and gather, they too stood staring up at the dark mountain before them as the noise finally moved on and died.
In the silence that followed, the worried and superstitious women re-lit fires to ward off any lurking evil spirits, while their men folk awaited orders.
‘Assault the mountain... now,’ Gath hissed, as finally Darnel felt what Gath had felt moments before.  His skin itched and crawled and the stub inside his mouth tingled painfully as if stung by a wasp.  Around him, he could see where others were affected too, more than a few were scratching or rubbing their skin, magic, someone is using magic, Darnel thought, knowing the feel of a spell well, having witnessed Gath using magic many times.
Gath watched as his men scurried toward the mountainside, for some reason he thought of his escaped prisoner, his creature, the man from the Bleak and his intriguing tattoo.  Home, he thought I will get home.
Gath had felt the presence of the wall, the great barrier, as soon as he entered the pass and in the light of day, he had fully intended to climb the mountain to view the marvellous structure.  This expending of power, so much power… by ‘The Journey’ tis an omen, his thoughts continued.  It began here… And it will end here…  Abruptly he turned and walked the few steps back to his tent without giving Darnel a second glance, quietly Darnel hurried away to the semi-privacy of his own small dwelling space, a side tent attached to Gath’s but kept apart by a wall of soft linen.  Still easily accessible to Gath should he require Darnel’s services during the night but somehow Darnel thought that this night, he would probably be left alone and for that, he thanked the gods.


Chapter 35
Gath Meets His Son


After the morning communing in his rooms with his newly recovered book and becoming reacquainted with the language of his birth, Thaddrick spent the afternoon walking along the bank of the river before finding a secluded shady spot.  Sitting on the lush green grass to compose his thoughts, he absently began piling small stones in a heap beside him.  He knew the small Green Home group would be waiting for him this evening to tell tales and make plans as they had been want to do over the last few days but he needed time alone to think.
He gloried in the warmth of the sun shining on the clear clean river and the fleet fish glinting like molten silver just under the surface as they rose and fell catching the myriad of tiny flies and insects skating on the thin skin of the swiftly moving body of water that in this time did not have a name.  At some point in the future, he knew something significant would happen here for the river to be named the ‘Beaut’ but although he had ventured, via a gateway into the future of the Green Home Forest many times, he had never yet found the particular place in time or the reason for the great river’s naming.  Regardless, it mattered little to him whatever its name; he had always found this river a great source of solace.  It had been on one of his trips into the great forest of the future, the forest so like the forests of home, that he had met Jed, Gideon’s father for the first time, a small boy as lost and alone as he felt himself.  He had silently followed the boy as he played at survival and been impressed by both the lad’s respect of the flora and fauna around him and his care to leave the forest unspoiled.  He remembered seeing the child fall from a tree and lay stunned on the earthy floor and the wild beast that had decided Jed would make a good meal, as he lay unconscious and the fight the wolf had had protecting the child.  The boy had trusted him from the start and Thaddrick, as the wolf, had visited that time on many occasions over the years telling himself it was just to see how the boy was faring.  Eventually he had grown to love him, both the child and then the man.
During the dark time, when Jed watched as his wife and child died in a fire and he had fled to the comfort of the forest the wolf had stayed beside him and tried to give comfort to the man he had grown to think of as a beloved son.  On the night Gideon was born, he had been with Jed in his cottage trying to sleep beside the hearth.  Even in his wolf form, he had known something was happening at the root of the magic, all day he had felt it, a disturbance in the very air, like a hot close day waiting for a storm to break, the signs of ‘the one’ had all been there but he had not noticed them.  The girl Lydia, Gideon’s mother had even tried to tell them before she died that the Gatherer was the man after them, after Gideon.
‘Gath,’ she had said, ‘he wants my baby, save my baby.’
‘Did I know even then Themos?’  Thaddrick asked his dead brother, would I have acted differently if I had known that he was the one?  He questioned himself.  I could have brought him here, taught him from infancy the control and the histories he would need to know...but Jed... without the child, Jed would have never known the joys of fatherhood and Gideon would never have been the man he has become, the man he was been born to be.
Thaddrick picked up a stone from the now large pile and after considering it a moment he tossed it into the swiftly flowing water, it disappeared quickly with a small splash, leaving no trace, not a ripple to mark its passing.  Jed would have been like that stone, disappearing in a sea of pain with no one to love him or to mourn his loss... he thought, knowing then, that he had done the right thing.
The river sped on, gurgling and chuckling as it raced away through the valley; the river, it had always calmed him, helped him during his periods of darkness and despair and over the long years and there had been many of those.  Thaddrick, as the wolf had for an inordinate length of time watched helplessly as the great barrier he and his fellow mages had orchestrated, disintegrate piece by piece before his eyes as the pull of the void ate away at it.  He had watched as the last of the Guardians had perished or had given up and walked away from the task before them.  Behind the wall, he had helplessly been a witness as the beautiful valley died, the trees turning brittle and brown and the once fertile land turning to dust.  His feelings of guilt and inadequacy as the barrier began to fail and the seemingly unpreventable death of this, the host planet plagued him, this planet, intended to be a salvation to the peoples of Arotia.  All they had given in return was death, unless of course he could close the gateway, if he could not, well, then he and his brother would be to blame.  We came up with this plan to save the life we knew, not to be the engineers behind another world’s destruction!  He thought as in his mind, he could hear Themos even now, extolling the virtues of the earth and it being the perfect choice for colonising and possibly mixing with the indigenous people.
‘To a degree Themos, you were right,’ Thaddrick said aloud, again speaking to the brother he had not seen for centuries, ‘by mixing with the human inhabitants, civilisation on this planet has advanced tremendously, but to what cost?’  In his mind, he saw once more the dilapidated state of the once magnificent impregnable wall and he saw the strength of Sonal as he struggled to repair the tear in the magic’s fabric.  Sonal, he thought, your act was as dangerous as it was courageous.  The spell had as surely announced their presence and continued existence like a morning sunrise across a dark sky.
He smiled sadly, as he remembered the song Sonal had sung and his own surprise as the wolf in him had joined in.  In all the long years he had masqueraded as the wolf, he had never so much as ventured inside the wall despite its many tears and rents.  Brave Sonal had humbled him, pushing on through into the mouth of the dome and then returning and singing his spell of healing so valiantly.  He had felt the rush of blood as the music of the root and the patterns in the magic’s fabric reminded him of long dead friends, friends who had elected to stay behind to guard the boundary between life and death.  Their strength and sacrifice had flowed through Sonal, bursting out of him and reaching into Thaddrick’s soul, buried as it was inside the wolf and suddenly he filled with hope.  Generations and generations of past Sonal’s, those men and women whose sole purpose in life was to add strength to the barrier.  What did we condemn our children and our children’s children to?  He wondered sadly, as he thought of the families who had grown old and died maintaining the wall whilst his people, the people who had come with him to this valley had lived on in safety and peace.  Sonal, so brave… he thought, and the Guardians’.  They who struggled and died in vain, just waiting for a relief that would never arrive, eventually not even knowing why they did what they did, just blindly fixing and repairing, day after day giving their lives as Sonal had given part of his for a wall that should never have been needed in the first place!
A lump burned in Thaddrick’s throat threatening to choke him and he swallowed hard.  Sonal, he again saw Sonal and the new white streaks in his hair as he used himself as the balance for his song of repair.
‘Themos, what did we, no, what did I condemn them too?’  Thaddrick cried to the illusory figure of the man beside whom he had grown up as the tears silently began to fall.
As the tears slowed and finally stopped, cramp in his leg caused him to move and the book hidden beneath his robes stuck into him awkwardly.  Wiping his face with his sleeve he took the book from the hidden pocket and flicked through the pages once more, seeing the ghost of his brother sitting beside him and scribbling into a book very similar to his own as they debated some point or another hotly and beside a river, just like this one, Thaddrick remembered.  Perhaps that is why I love this river so much, because it reminds me of home, home and Themos and family.  Abruptly Thaddrick knew what to do, in seconds he was on his feet, his aged appearance belying the fitness of the man he was.  He gathered his few belongings and began to hurry back along the way he had come, a slow smile spreading across his face.
As he walked back toward the living accommodation, he looked at the fledgling forest around him.  All of the plants and trees brought as seeds from the dying planet of Arotia, from home.  Parts of the mature forest Thaddrick knew would so resemble his old home he would find himself venturing back there, repeatedly as he sought for news of the one, or some sign that the prophecy would soon, come to pass.  Then, when ‘the one’ finally arrives, I don’t recognise him, he thought, angry with himself for not seeing the truth before this.
‘Think on this Themos,’ he said as he continued to discuss the situation with his imagined brother and finding the process helping to settle his train of thought.
‘Gideon carries in him the blood of two great lines, one evil and one good, surely that should mean the balance would be satisfied,’ Thaddrick said aloud, the imagined Themos snorted in disdain.
‘Providing that the boy can learn to control his power of course,’ Themos answered.
‘Jed has instructed him from the beginning about love and life, respect and honour.  Could I have done a better job preparing the boy for the choices and the sacrifices he must inevitably make?’  Thaddrick retorted.  Themos said nothing as he slowly faded leaving Thaddrick alone once more; comfortable at last with what he knew he had to do.
The long low communal building came into view with the sun setting behind it, turning the white walls black in silhouette against its brilliance.  Streaks of red and gold fanned the sky with long white trails of wispy cloud reflecting back the red and orange hues as the sun seemed to blend into the rooftop of the house.  Thaddrick loved the sky at sunset, the colours always more intense and brilliant than they seemed to be at dawn, a grand finale of colour before the world turned, twilight gave up her dance and night fell revealing the millions of tiny stars twinkling in the blue-black sky.  For too many years before arriving on earth, the Arotian people had suffered under the choking and cloying atmosphere of their dying planet, heavy, sulphur filled clouds and toxic rains fell from the heavens as the world they had lived in slowly blew itself apart.
‘Ahh Themos, if only you could have seen such a night.’  Thaddrick mused aloud, thinking sadly of his last days on his home planet and wondering if any of the tiny pinpricks of brilliance were Arotia.  He had no real notion of whether Arotia had survived the cataclysm following their escape through the gateway, only a deep feeling that it was so.  He had been in on the planning of the Gatherer’s downfall so long ago and had certainly felt his brother during the time of his healing after the colonists’ arrival but not since.
‘Are you still out there Themos, is our world healed?’  Thaddrick asked the twinkling stars; a shooting star suddenly flew across his field of vision trailing a mighty tail.  In reality, he knew a shooting star was nothing more than a meteorite forced by gravity to enter the earth’s atmosphere and its tail was the meteor itself burning up as it passed through from the death of space to the life on earth, but he smiled anyway.  ‘An omen Themos, home is still there, I am sure of it,’ watching the shooting star as it quickly faded from view Thaddrick turned and entered the low building closing the door quietly behind him, he saw Roidan standing alone and went to stand beside her.
‘I know you won’t approve but I released the constraints on the magic,’ she said, adding, ‘Gideon and the others need to learn control now.’  Thaddrick smiled.
‘As always my love, you are right,’ he said.
Jonus was in the centre of the room before the fire with the travellers standing behind him.  All eyes fixed on him as he slowly lifted one piece of wood after another using magic and set them aflame before guiding them slowly back to the hearth.
‘Now, your turn Gideon…,’ he said as the flames took hold.  ‘Using the balance carefully you can do most things.  I mean, I can light the wood using magic with no harm to the balance as the flames eat the wood… see…,’ he continued as if he were the adult and Gideon the child.  ‘The wood becomes its own balance.  To control the strength, think of a candle forever alight in your mind, you can control the magic using the candle by not letting it burn out too fast or too strongly,’ silently, Thaddrick watched as the young boy gave basic instruction in use of magic and balance, the key behind the root of magic’s ultimate power.  Sonal and Varan on noting Thaddrick’s presence quietly joined him at the back of the room.
‘He is a far better teacher than I would have been,’ Sonal said nodding toward the youngster guiding Gideon’s first, knowing forays into the art of balance.  ‘I would never have found such a simple explanation,’ he explained.
Lemba took hold of a piece of wood and stared hard at it.  Suddenly she felt as if she were part of the tree itself, she could feel the pain as its limb tore off during a powerful storm and the aging of the wood as it dried, she dropped it quickly and it burst into flame.  Glancing around to see if anyone had noticed she kicked it swiftly and grinned as it flew into the fireplace.  Picking another log she tried again this time not only managing to lift the small log using magic but to maintain its altitude as it burst into flame and slowly move back into the grate.
‘Show off,’ young Jed nudged her arm, pride at her achievement making him glow.  Mayan smiled as Gideon winked at her and Thaddrick frowned as he watched Gideon preparing himself.
‘Watch this then…,’ called Gideon as he reached for the largest of the logs with his new found skill, he felt the shape and contours of the heavy log in his mind and willed it lighter, slowly the log before him moved a little and began to rise.  He grinned quickly at Jed and the log wobbled, immediately he turned his full attention back to the lump of wood hovering unsteadily above the ground.  He looked harder at the misshapen log seeing its knurled bark and tight knots, looking deeper, he saw the trees rings of life and felt the seasons as they had turned.  The seasons seemed to run swiftly past, each one showing the tree from which the log had been cut, bare for winter, cloaked in a green mantle for spring, full of flower for summer and the glorious autumnal reds and gold’s for autumn.  Faster and faster, the seasons whirled past until Gideon was dizzy with the speed.  Suddenly surrounded by darkness he felt power growing inside him, a tiny seed bursting with life, building and filling him.  He stopped, waiting for the sickness and the blinding headache that usually accompanied this feeling in him whether he knew he was doing magic or not.
He turned his head looking for a light in the darkness and as before with the lady, he could see his body standing with that of his friends far below, a log balanced carefully with a tiny lick of flame trying to rise from one end.  The power continued to grow as the darkness intensified, Gideon reached forward to see if the darkness was as solid as it looked and immediately saw a glow following where his hand had been.  He moved his other hand and watched amazed as the movement also left a trail of colour more vibrant than he had ever seen.  He moved his feet creating a dance of colour, feeling like an artist creating a magnificent picture, reds, green and gold’s burst through from his fingertips creating rainbows of light, purples, greens and shades of pale pearlescent pinks, white and soft lilacs blended in harmonious accord.  I need music, he thought as the darkness around him already filled with light and colour added sound, each shade and hue of colour singing a different tone, each note in total and perfect harmony with the other.
He reached up into the ether sending the symphony of colour and sound high and wide creating a glorious crescendo of intense power flowing thought his veins.
‘I am doing this, me… I’m a magician… I could rule the world,’ he shouted, elated as his voice added cadence to the body of the song.
‘You could…, we could,’ an oily voice seemed to answer him.  Giddy with power and emotion he continued his dance.
‘How can I?’  He asked the voice, ‘I get sick if I try magic away from the forest, I, get sick if I’m away from the forest,’ he corrected himself. 
‘I will show you,’ the voice answered and led Gideon’s song in a new direction, the colours slowly began to change, darkening and becoming more dense, the music grew louder and here and there a note of discord slipped in, creating a jarring sound in Gideon’s ears.  Like a child learning to play an instrument for the first time, the music slowly became harsh and grating and with the conflicting clashing notes ringing shrilly in his ears, Gideon began to feel nauseous.  The notes became low and threatening as the same sickness that had made him ill when he had left the confines of the forest, threatened him once again.  Suddenly he understood.
‘I see…,’ Gideon began, ‘if I forget the harmony I become ill.  My magic, my music needs…colour and life, it needs light and dark but in balance…,’ Gideon laughed as he realised this was how to overcome the sickness and stop the build-up of power, like the overload that had killed the soldiers in the woods outside his grandparents’ home.
‘Thaddrick was right after all,’ he said laughing.  Suddenly the music changed once more and Gideon immediately felt as if his mind was tearing apart, the song now jarred constantly, he held his hands to his ears to stop the noise from entering his skull and he felt the chill in his bones and his mortal body shivered violently.
‘Gid, you ok man?’  Jed asked as he watched his friend intently, Gid shivered again despite the warm evening; Jed threw another log manually onto the fire.  ‘Be a little warmer now,’ he added as his friend remained still.
In the ether, Gideon watched as the colours became a sickening mix of oily yellow, green and black and he felt as if he were somehow detaching from himself, disappearing.
‘Join with me or die,’ he heard as the throbbing in his head intensified, ‘join me…’ he heard as the pain made him light headed, every bone in his body jarred with the colours and the notes of the awful song, he felt his belly churn as his body far below became weak.  I could let go, he thought then it would not hurt anymore.  His thoughts continued as his physical body fell to its knees, his skin turned ashen and his lungs refused to work.  Every breath came as if drawn over hot and acid coals burning his throat and he felt death close by him.  He saw stars bursting far away in the darkness, stars beautiful and true, if only they could reach me, he thought, somehow knowing help was out there he just had to find it.
‘Stop please,’ he begged as the pain continued and mounted, finally, as he could take no more he felt something in his mind give.  Before him suddenly was the lady, slowly fading away, tears rolling down her face and as she vanished, Mayan appeared, naked and looking up at him with large bruises on her body, she opened her mouth to scream but as she did he saw a stump where her tongue used to be.
‘No,’ Gideon said, shocked as he looked at his beloved, ‘no,’ he said again as he shook his head attempting to rid himself of the vile unwanted image of Mayan and he thought of Toby smiling as he raped her on the dirt floor of the wood and the pain she had gone through for him.  He felt something holding him, trying to shake him, part of his being, his soul, that which made him who he was loosen and he realised this was the thing that would hurt his Mayan and this was the thing ready to steal his body and his power.
‘Jed help me…,’ he screamed silently as Jed in the real world worriedly placed his hand on Gideon’s arm.
‘Gid…,’ he began, as he felt something drawing on him.  Gideon’s white face flushed with colour as Jed himself felt suddenly weak, he wanted to pull his arm away from his friend but held on, knowing somehow, Gideon was in a struggle, perhaps for his very life.
‘I’m here fer yer bro,’ he whispered into his friend’s ear remembering how he himself had very nearly killed the man before him.  ‘I’ll always be here fer yer,’ he whispered again as he fell to his knees weaker than he had ever felt in his life.  Mayan, ever sensitive to her twin grabbed him in terror not knowing why but knowing she had to hold on.  Gideon felt the sudden rush of strength and power building up in his head.
‘NO,’ he shouted, ‘NO…,’ he screamed again as the accumulation of energy was finally released throwing the usurper out of his head.
The song disappeared as Gideon found himself back in his body with the log crashing to the floor.  Tears rolled down his face as he looked at his friend and Mayan, who stood beside her brother and her fiancé.
‘What ‘appened Gid?’  She asked, confused and worried, her hand tenderly stroking his head.  Thaddrick crossed the room walking slowly toward the young men still kneeling on the floor.
‘My dear, dear Gideon,’ he said sadly, as Gideon turned his head toward Thaddrick’s voice unconsciously putting Mayan behind him.  ‘You have fought your first battle with a terrible foe, he may never be able to best you alone but you must always be on your guard and keep Jed near you,’ he said, pulling the young men to their feet and helping them inadvertently complete their turn away from Mayan.  Varan and Sonal who had also been silent watchers of the battle in the ether smiled in encouragement.
They had been amazed, as they had watched Jed lending his strength to Gideon to fight off the attack, all three men had attempted to help Gideon during the battle but Gideon’s own magic had rejected the help, seeing Gath’s power as part of itself.
‘We were unable to aid you as the balance in you sees his strength as part of yours, the choice was and has always been for you to make.  You chose Gideon, with Jed’s help you chose, but be warned, he will use any and all means to harm you now you have defied him.’  Thaddrick added finally.
‘Who was he?’  Gideon asked as he rubbed the tears from his exhausted face.
‘He was the Gatherer…, your biological father.’  Thaddrick replied, ‘and he now knows without a doubt that I also am alive.’
Mayan looked at her fiancé, his arms held by her brother and Thaddrick; even the older twins had their backs to her.  She suddenly felt alone more than she ever had in her life before.  The truth of her words days before hit her with a violence that made her physically sick.
‘Good thing yer love me then Gid eh else, there really would be no use fer me…,’ she had said and it was true.  There really is no place fer me amongst these mages an’ magicians, even the youngster, Jonus ‘as more magic in ‘is little finger than I ‘ave in me whole body an’ Jed, me own twin is connected ter Gideon in a way I never could be… she thought quietly backing away from the group shaking her head in sudden bewilderment.  Lemba watched her go, intuition telling her now was not the time to go and comfort her friend.  Tonight, she decided, I will talk to Jed about it; he’ll know how to ease her mind.


Chapter 36
Lessons Continue


Days followed into weeks as the lessons continued, never again with as much impact as Gideon’s initial foray into the world of magic but always under the watchful eyes of Sonal, Varan or Thaddrick himself.  Lemba and Rhoàld were delighted in their newfound talent where Gideon’s own, still frightened him a little.  For some reason Jonus, their young friend always seemed to be around to help with an intonation or a word in the right place if one of the friends were in difficulty, especially if Lemba was present and the one having the problem.
Gideon teased his friend endlessly about Jonus but Jed took it well, liking the boy for who he was.  He even joined in when Lemba began teaching Jonus the finger-speak mainly to keep in practice as she knew when they left the valley she would lose her ability to speak once more.  Jonus was a quick study and caught on easily with all the slight nuances and movements that meant different things if performed badly.  Mayan tried to learn too but as the others were too quick for her, she smiled politely and left them to it assuring herself constantly that she would be of use somewhere else.  When I’m not feelin’ ser ill anyway, she thought, having been plagued with more than one headache as she tried to come to terms with what was happening.  Personally, she believed it was worry and constant tiredness, even in their bed at night she felt as if Gideon were a million miles away, though in truth she could reach out her hand and feel him next to her, usually sleeping soundly.
Eventually as Mayan began to feel more and more isolated, she began to look for companionship amongst the other women of the community and she felt instantly better when Jonus’s mother asked her to help run the vast kitchens and prepare the rooms every day for the guests, herself included.  Doing these menial tasks was a stark reminder to her of the plight her family, friends and the villagers and she tried not to feel guilty, knowing that their group had to be here in the valley, both for Gideon and for the others.  They all had to learn to control their newfound powers and here was the only place they could do so but she promised herself to seek out Thaddrick and ask his advice at the first opportunity.  Iffen I can get him away from Gideon’s father that is... she thought, laughing merrily, busy and happier than she had been for many weeks and content in the knowledge she was doing her bit.
Jed, Gideon’s father was spending a lot of time alone with Thaddrick either walking along the riverbank or in Thaddrick’s workshop and often the older twins would join them there in the evenings.
‘It might help, my friend,’ Thaddrick said handing Jed a number of small coloured phials.
‘It ‘as ter help Blue, yer knows ‘ow I feel about ‘em all.  I can’t spend any more time ‘ere with yer than I ‘ave ter whilst they be sufferin’.’  Thaddrick smiled lovingly at his friend and the use of his wolf name.  To Jed, he would always be Blue, sometimes man, sometimes wolf and Thaddrick did not think even he had the courage to ask Gideon’s father which persona he preferred.
‘The Journey wills us all Jed but we can try to help it a little.’  He smiled knowing the time for parting was coming upon them sooner rather than later, he only hoped Gideon and the others were ready.  The small spells filling the coloured phials were little enough he could contribute.


Chapter 37
Mayan is Lonely


Mayan hung the washing quietly on the line in the early morning sunshine, she was exhausted, having spent the long evening before scrubbing the dirty linen whilst the other members of her party practiced their various arts or spoke in hushed tones before the fire.  This morning she had risen from bed early and kissed Gideon on the nose as he slept, noticing a few more wrinkles than she had previously seen.  Gideon looked slightly older than the man she knew him to be, she also knew it was something to do with him not achieving the proper amount of balance yet, despite Thaddrick telling her he should not require balance because of who he was.  Jonus’s mother had told her how difficult it was as a beginner and how things would even out but the new wrinkles still upset her; he was changing just as her brother had changed when he joined the army.
As she watched him sleeping she realised she had to climb halfway over the bed to reach him, not slide from beneath him as she had been wont to do when they first arrived here in the valley.  Last night had been another night when he had said goodnight with a peck on the cheek and turned to sleep facing away from her.  Then, she had been so tired she had not noticed but this morning she did and took her thoughts with her as she went about her daily chores.  She had been fooling herself; she had taken to working very hard, scrubbing and cleaning all day, sweeping the floors and doing the community washing.  Roidan, Thaddrick’s wife had tried to befriend her but she had been too busy with her chores and even Roidan had eventually left her alone.  She was sure she had caught a chill too as she felt awful, her head was constantly aching and she had been sick more than once.  This morning as she pegged out the brilliant white sheets in the sunshine they failed to give her the pleasure they normally did, so she left the washing still half pegged out and walked slowly away, up the slight hill and away from the gurgling river; on and on she walked her brain in a whirl.  Finally, she reached the place where she had first fallen through the gateway with Gideon’s father and Varan, not noticing the involuntary shiver as she crossed the magical barrier protecting the valley and its inhabitants.
‘I thought yer needed me Gideon,’ she sighed as she sank down on to the grassy floor at the base of the tree.  ‘Gid, yer be a king’s son now an’ yer don’t need me, not anymore.’  Softly she began to cry, huge tears rolled down her face as she realised she had been filling her life with tasks so she would not have time to think.  With her thoughts came a certain truth, she had no magic, she was not like the other members of the party and was perhaps the only living person in the whole valley without a thimbleful of the ancient blood.  With her face wet with tears and a heavy heart, she sat thinking of the future she had seen for herself for her entire life, Gideon as her husband, children around her feet and a small cottage in the vast Green Home Forest.
‘It was my dream, mine, it were never ‘is… never Gideon’s.’  She said aloud, the truth of the statement hitting her hard, all her life she had meant to have him and she had never given him a chance to want anyone else.  “E be a king’s son an’ surely deserves more than an innkeeper’s daughter; more’n me anyways,’ she cried softly, as her tears fell and her dream of home and family crumbled away, she continued to sob feeling exhausted and ill and finally she fell asleep as the morning sun rose above the huge tree drying the tears on her face.


Chapter 38
Medim Despairs


Within the silver-capped crystal sitting high on its stone plinth, Medim’s soul wailed with despair, the bodies of his priests, left undisturbed where they had fallen were scattered around the floor of the temple.  Soon they would dry up and turn to dust just as everything here in this accursed valley did.  The remaining inhabitants of the valley were either too scared or too stupid to be controlled; their mindless devotion left almost nothing to rule.  He called them to him sending his summons across the ether.  One came and then another and another but despite his calling; they could not be persuaded to enter the sacred room, the forbidden inner sanctum that until now was used only by the priests.
Inside the airless warded and domed valley, only those who possessed a modicum of intelligence were eligible for priesthood, the lack of clean air seemed to sap the inhabitants’ brains just as it sucked at their lives and grotesquely changed their physiques.  Medim sent his call again as strong and as demanding as he could.
‘COME TO ME!’  He called repeatedly, still the witless inhabitants gathered and waited in the outer room of the temple obeying the summons as much as they were able.  With the dome partly strengthened once more and the bonds holding the crystal tightened, Medim seethed, and the soul of Dèvin kept his silent smile.


Chapter 39
The Man in the Mirror


Gath stood beside the tree with a sardonic smile on his face.  The girl slept soundly on the grass, clearly outside of this particular domes protection and he recognised her at once from glimpses of both his son’s memories and those of Toby Hollins.
‘So you are she...!’  He whispered quietly, not wanting to wake her.
The morning after the vivid explosion, he climbed the mountain himself and saw first-hand the vast valley and the dome encircling it and he marvelled at the strength of the magicians that had woven the spell.  Its age was evident, he could feel the power emanating from the dome despite its state of deterioration and strength from it had flowed into him when he laid his hand against the translucent surface for the first time.  At that moment, something within the dead valley had spoken to him, called to him, inviting him to take all he needed and he had.  At that point, Gath had not known Thaddrick was still alive and although he had come across the badly hidden gateway during his climb to the head of the pass, he had not then been able to identify its creator.  Instead, he noted its location intending to revisit the site later and pushed on toward the summit of the pass and the head of the valley.
Returning to the portal on the side of the mountain, he found he could now easily reproduce the creators spell and reverse it, causing the gateway to open once more.  The path was clearly so well established and so well used, that Gath, whilst within the ether, could almost see the well-worn and direct wormline connecting both gateways as it brushed against the void.  Moreover, as Gath had stepped from the wormline and through the gateway under the tree he had seen another dome similar to the barrier surrounding the Bleak but this one was strong, healthy and shimmering with life as it surrounded the valley before him, keeping its inhabitants safe whilst the populace remained inside.  Gath tried to penetrate the seemingly flimsy structure but it was as solid and as impregnable as the castle walls in Devilly but he had sensed Gideon, his son.  You’re in there my boy, somewhere... I can feel you... he thought.
He stayed beside the new domed valley all the next day attempting to gain access, to find his son, then as evening drew near he felt a shifting within the ether and he felt him again, felt Gideon, the boy was trying to access the roots.  Gideon’s strength had truly amazed him and as he saw the power growing and the unsure technique Gideon was using to solve his problems of balance, Gath had stepped in.  Once again, it was easy, his own power and hold on the roots were so similar to Gideon’s he thought he could have snatched control there and then but to be able to access the boy’s body completely Gideon would have to give permission.  In the past, his successive sons had been taught from infancy that this was their destiny, their sole reason for life and had given themselves to him, if somewhat reluctantly, when the time came but Gideon, unlike his predecessors had not grown up with him as a father.  At the time, the idea of snatching Gideon from himself in front of his protectors’ noses had seemed novel.  He had been on the point of success too, the boy had been so willing to learn and so ready to acquiesce when Gath himself had spoiled everything.  Gideon innocently revealed Thaddrick’s presence and in shock, Gath reacted badly attempting to wrest the power from the boy and get away as fast as he could.  If I had thought about it a little more rationally I would have realised Thaddrick had survived and couldn’t have helped the boy, or he would have done so when I first touched his power.  I don’t doubt he would have been able to recognise me...  Gath fumed at his own incompetence as he found himself thrown out of Gideon’s mind, his precarious hold on his son lost in that moment but he had had time to look into Gideon’s memories and now this child before him on the grass, along with Toby Hollins featured prominently.  Which brings me back to Thaddrick not protecting the site of the gateway; perhaps he thought I was dead…  He mused.
Gath was wrong, Thaddrick’s training, ever meticulous ensured his magic’s were kept hidden, until that is Sonal had returned his lost book and in his excitement, Thaddrick for once had forgotten to conceal his gateway’s residue and the thought did not occur to him even after he had seen Gath’s encampment far below the cliff top.
Thaddrick is still trying to keep his pathetic people safe.  Gath thought as he realised why the gateway was outside the barrier, to keep followers from getting in.
‘It didn’t stop this child from following her own will though, did it Thaddrick?’   Gath said aloud, looking once more at the girl asleep and defenceless under the tree.  Gently kneeling and taking a braided lock of her flaming chestnut hair, he cut it swiftly with a knife, the slight jarring making her stir in her sleep but she did not awaken.  Gath instantly ran his hand swiftly through the air above her body mumbling in a monotone way and sending the girl into a deeper slumber, instantly a patch of dead grass appeared around and beneath her as the balance of the magic took its hold.  Pricking his fingertip with the point of his knife, he watched as blood pooled like a bright red bead, gently he smeared his blood over the braid and with his bloody finger; he traced the outside pattern of the gateway’s frame.  He paused now and again to squeeze more blood to the surface of his skin to finish the frame then holding the braided hair to his lips and speaking softly he left his message for his son and for Thaddrick.  Lastly, he spoke a word to his knife and the sharp blade shrank, Gath gently hid it between the thick strands of chestnut red hair.  He smiled as he laid the bright braid on the grass before the portal; the dried blood looked black, staining the tresses badly.  Carefully he picked up the sleeping girl and walked back toward the oily surface of the gateway and with one last look through the barrier at the low white stone buildings and the fledgling forest; he walked on through, this time I am taking a prize with me, he thought.  As the fluid substance closed over and behind him, he felt the first searching probe toward him through the dome.  His echoing laughter abruptly shut off as the surface of the gateway stilled once more and slowly began to fade, becoming invisible.
Thaddrick felt the rush of power from outside the protective dome and woke immediately.  Something had happened he was sure of it, he sent out a searching probe beyond his valleys wall. Gath would never have been so bold as to show himself, not unless he thought he had the upper hand, he mused, remembering the man’s vanity from all those years ago, when he had believed that Théoden would just hand Arotia to him in a ceremony to mark a surrender.  That simple plan had been more effective than they had ever realised it would be...
He shook himself to clear his head of his memories and quickly got out of bed, throwing water over his face and dressing before walking to the great hall.  It seemed everyone else had felt something too as the whole community appeared to be in the meeting rooms.  The travellers were waiting as usual beside the table but unusually there was no food available. Perhaps Mayan has overslept, Thaddrick thought knowing Mayan herself had been the person taking sole care of the groups needs for over a month now.  Thaddrick saw Gideon and the others and made his way through the bewildered valley peoples trying not to answer questions about the power surge.  He hated to be rude but until he knew for sure himself, he would say nothing.
‘Is Mayan still sleeping my boy?’  He asked as Gideon shook his hand in greeting.
‘No sir, she’s been up for hours.’  Gideon answered, feeling a little guilty that he had not actually had a thought for her since he fell into bed exhausted last night.  A young man and woman crossed the room to the group at the table with a tray of steaming mugs and sweet bread, Gideon had seen them before but not spoken to them.
‘To break your fast Thaddrick, you and our guests,’ the young man said, and nodded quietly as the room around them hushed.  Gideon felt the gift of the tray was a sign or a signal as the silence in the hall became almost threatening.
‘There was a change in the roots, we all felt it, even Gideon’s father and his ancient blood is rather weak,’ began the young girl smiling at Jed who winked back, the young girl flushed readily.  ‘My father and Jacob are out of the dome at the site of the gateway, my father asks that you join him there.’  She added as she turned quickly to Gideon and whispered.  ‘Mayan is missing.’  In the silence, the whisper could have been a shout as the whole room heard.  Gideon dropped the cup he was holding and it crashed to the floor, steaming broth going everywhere.  Thaddrick went white, he was sure he had closed and sealed the gateway the last time he had used it but with the valley council behind him, he left the room and walked as swiftly as he could through the saplings toward the protective barrier and the large tree on the hill.  As he walked, he explained again to the travellers that the site of the gateway was outside the domed barrier that protected the valley, chosen to be outside deliberately for protection, protection for the inhabitants of the valley from outside forces.
Neither Gideon nor Jed, Mayan’s twin felt the need for explanations, they hurried ahead of the rest toward the old tree high on the rise before them.  Gideon felt sick; a feeling of dread was growing in his belly as the company made their way between the small growing trees, destined one day to be the most diverse arboretum on earth.
‘So it begins again here Thaddrick,’ stated Jacob, as they arrived at the top of the small hill.  Gideon watched the old man who had been so rude to the company when they had first met; he ignored the small party of travellers, his eyes only on Thaddrick as he pointed down at the burnt and dead ground behind him.  Moving out of the sun, he revealed a patch of dead grass in the exact shape of a young woman.  Somehow, Gideon knew that this dead patch of ground, this perfect silhouette of death had something to do with his Mayan.
‘What is it Thaddrick?’  He asked, as he knelt down beside the shape burnt so carefully into the once living grass.
‘Well, it ain’t natural boy, is it?’  Said his father as he too knelt to touch the crisp dead grass, he stopped as his eyes caught sight of something a little further off lying atop the still lush and verdant growth.  ‘Well what be that then…’ he whispered as he moved toward the flash of chestnut standing out startlingly clear amidst the dark green grass.
The old man, his eyes fixed on Thaddrick pulled at the mages arm as he too began to kneel whilst feeling tentatively through the ether for the author of the spell.  Stopping abruptly and pulling himself upright once more Thaddrick looked toward the obviously stressed Jacob.
‘Jacob, this means nothing…,’ Thaddrick began as the old man broke down and began to sob.
‘Don’t you see, when, when he destroys this wall, we will all die, will die as they died.’  The old man looked hatefully at Gideon and the small party of travellers.  ‘They brought him here, you brought them here… they are not welcome, make them go...’ his sobs continued painfully, when Roidan as always, supporting her husband smiled kindly and led him away.  Thaddrick watched him go, a sad expression etched into his face.  The second man, the father of the young girl who had whispered of Mayan to Gideon, also watched as his companion walked away with Roidan and soon the pair became lost in the crowds of people still climbing the hill to find the cause of the disturbance.
‘Thaddrick,’ the young girl’s father said as he moved toward the rest of the council.  ‘That the Gatherer has returned we know, most of us remember how our world, our friends and our families, how Jacob’s family died.  That boy…’ he said pointing at Gideon.  ‘That boy has brought us back to his attention; we do not want to go through it again.’  Gideon was still kneeling before the patch of death, lost in his own thoughts and oblivious to the drama unfolding behind him.  Thaddrick looked around him at the nodding heads all in silent agreement.
‘The visitors must leave Thaddrick, they must go, now, before the Gatherer comes to get him,’ he added, lowering his hand once more.
‘If he is the one Thaddrick, if he really is the one he can stop the Gatherer and make us free,’ said another voice calling across from the back of the gathering crowd.
Whilst the men and women of the council debated, the people continued to gather atop the hill.  Rhoàld watched, until now he had not realised just how many of the Arotian colonists were living within the valley.
‘Do you think I could help Lem?’  He asked the equally silent silver haired girl beside him.  ‘I mean perhaps my skills as a mediator could be of use,’ he said, turning to her as Thaddrick continued to talk quietly to the growing crowd.  Lemba smiled up at Rhoàld sadly, her fingers flashing fast.
‘Oh Lemba…no,’ began Rhoàld realising her tongue was gone once more and thick tears sadly fell from her eyes but equally quickly were wiped away.  Jonus, as always close to Lemba, also looked on silently.
As the conversation between Thaddrick and the people of the valley continued, Gideon stood and walked toward his father.  Jed was standing near the brow of the hill holding a lock of chestnut hair in his hand. 
‘It’s May’s Gid,’ he said.  ‘I’d stake me life on it.’  Gideon reached out for the length of blood soaked hair and as his father dropped the chestnut braid into his hand the air behind him wavered, instantly the gateway became visible.  Jed, feeling something behind him hastily stood away as the hairs on the back of his neck began to prick, Gideon watched as the surface of the gateway shimmered with fire and just like the portal he had seen born whilst in the forest, black dots turned to hexagons briefly before they tessellated.  Its gold frame gleamed and twinkled with a million lights, despite being in the shade of the huge tree.  A sense of foreboding came over him once more as he clutched the length of hair tightly in his fist, immediately he felt a stab through his skin as the tiny blade left the confines of the braid and nicked his palm.  The blood welled once more from his old scar, adding to the already blood soaked hair.  Young Jed who had been watching the proceedings between Thaddrick and the tense, angry crowd felt the sting in his palm and lifting his hand looked in amazement at the small cut on his own palm scar and the tiny drops of blood that had appeared there.  He turned back toward Gideon and his father as the gateway began to change.
The solid black of the tessellation broke up once more, leaving rivers of light running around the multitude of hexagons; somehow, it was hard and painful to look upon, not at all like the beauty of the gateway Thaddrick had created.  The shapes moved and swam changing position and colour as the group behind him became silent, witnesses to the changing face of the gateway.  Thaddrick recovered fast, berating himself again for not noticing the change in the magic’s roots, a change a novice would have felt, he thought.
‘Gideon, Jed,’ called Thaddrick to the father and son beside the portal as the texture of the hexagons continued to change.  ‘Move away…now,’ he shouted as the hexagons tessellated once more with a loud bang.  Gideon fell to the floor with his father beside him; young Jed moved quietly to help his friend to his feet and remained there standing protectively in front of him.  All was silent, as the gateway became a mirror showing them a reflection of themselves.  Gideon stood shakily with the lock of hair in his hand and his father Jed, despite young Jed’s arm, stumbled backwards once more, falling to sit beside the patch of girl shaped death in the grass.
‘It’s a time mirror,’ said Thaddrick quietly to the suddenly silent audience, ‘it will show time as it has been, covering events that it has been spelled to recollect... something has triggered it,’ he added, unaware of the blood still oozing from the wound’s on both Jed’s and Gideon’s palms.  The company watched as the time mirror showed Gath glancing over his shoulder before walking backwards out of the mirror with Mayan in his arms, bending down and none to gently depositing her on the grass.  Then it showed the king picking her up and again walking toward the mirror, over and over it played until Gideon sobbed aloud.  He reached out to touch the image of his fiancée as she swung lifelessly in the king’s arms, the early sun glinting off the ring on her finger as her hand dangled freely.
The mirror began to change again as the tiny hexagon pieces jostled for position moving speedily once more.  Colours ran across their surfaces, dancing and swirling, the dark ribbons of fire played like rivers of feeding silver fish between the straight sides of the perfect shapes before slowing and settling finally.  Suddenly Gath’s image appeared, standing tall and straight with Mayan prone at his feet, in his hand, he held the chestnut coloured braid and as he put it to his lips, Gideon suddenly burned with rage and fear as he recognised himself in the king.
‘Gideon, my son…,’ said Gath, speaking aloud and seeming to look directly into Gideon’s soul.  Gideon could hear the whispered voices of the people standing behind him all full of query.
‘Gid, lad, what do ‘e’ be saying, can yer make it out?’  He heard his father whisper behind him.
‘He is calling to me Da,’ Gideon answered as he continued to watch the scene before him unfold.
The inhabitants of the valley looked on, troubled, as Thaddrick moved away from them to join the small group gathered around the portal.  Lemba slipped her hand into Jed’s who squeezed it reassuringly as she recognised Gath, the man who had forcibly removed her tongue, the small box forever held in a secret pocket seemed suddenly heavier than it had ever been.  She continued to stare, suddenly reminded of the tapestries hanging in the long room.  The warp and weft of those colourful fabrics was not unlike the surface of the scene before her and like this picture, she often thought the scenes depicted in the tapestries would come to life if she looked long enough.  Unconsciously she placed her hand over the box feeling as if Gath could reach out of the picture in the mirror and steal it away.
Gideon finally turned away from the scene, just as the gateway began to change again.  This time only Thaddrick and Rhoàld watched as the hexagons moved and danced becoming fluid and settling once more into the oily surface of soft shimmering darkness at last.
“Oo were ‘e’, what did ‘e’ say, did anyone unnerstan’?’  Gideon’s father asked with a look of puzzled bewilderment on his face, Thaddrick waited for Gideon to speak but young Jed answered, as Gideon’s voice remained stoically silent.
‘That was the king, the man I swore loyalty too, King Gath.’  Jed said coldly.
Rhoàld nodded in agreement adding, ‘he has become strong but he is still aging.’
‘We must return to the long hall to discuss what is to be done Thaddrick,’ said Roidan as she pushed her way between the gathered people having left Jacob to rest quietly at the bottom of the hill.  At once, the people began to shout once more, Gideon listened as their voices betrayed their fear, almost all calling for them, for him, to be gone.  Young Jed pulled his friend to one side whilst Thaddrick once more argued their cause.
Rhoàld moved toward Thaddrick with Sonal and Varan at his side, he felt strong and useful at last.  The three stood beside the old man and stared scornfully at the frightened people.
‘You bunch of hypocrites, you deserve to be bled as I was bled,’ Rhoàld shouted contempt in every word as he pulled down his collar and revealed the long scar that marred his skin.  The people fell silent as they realised what it meant, Rhoàld continued.  ‘You would send a young boy and his companions to die in order to remain safe and secure here,’ Rhoàld paused as he emphasised the vast safe valley before them with his arms.  ‘Yes, stay safe here in the valley that Thaddrick made for you but think on this... for how long will you remain safe?’  He paused again before continuing, watching the faces of the people before him.  Finally, he began again his voice slightly lower.  ‘One by one, the Gatherer has taken and bled the rest of us until there are only a few Arotian people left, other than those like you of course, you who had the benefit of this valley.  Whom would you give to the monster next when Gideon’s blood can no longer satisfy him?  Remember, he knows the way here now, which of you would give your own child, you?’  He asked, his voice full of disdain as he pointed at the man who had first been on the hill with Jacob, his daughter standing behind him.  ‘Her blood is no doubt as ancient and as pure as Gideon’s, what about you?’  He pointed toward a woman with her arms protectively around a young man not much older than Gideon himself was.
The people began to fidget and shake their heads looking ashamed as they listened to Rhoàld; skilfully he spoke, his voice filled with passion and love.  He encouraged them to think of the good of the whole, letting them know that although the companions had lived outside of the valley and had not existed as the valley people had, secure and safe in their time bubble they still had Arotian blood flowing in their veins, they were still as one.  Thaddrick remained silent as Rhoàld expertly turned the mood of the crowd from total animosity with resentment in every breath to support, using guilt, sorrow and the need for compassion as his tool.
‘We need just a little more help and we will be gone,’ Rhoàld continued his voice more reasonable now than angry or contemptuous as he too felt the mood change.  ‘We will be going to fight this monster who wants nothing but our blood and our lives, he will not be allowed to destroy this world as he destroyed your home world, our, home world.  Whilst we have the power within us we will fight back and this time we will win...’
‘I still want them to leave Thaddrick.’  Jacob interrupted Rhoàld as he walked back up the hill.  ‘I would not see this planet die and our people die because of a spell that went wrong,’ he said bitterly, referring to the gateway that snapped shut prematurely and trapping his family on the wrong side.  ‘I want them to leave… but, but I want to go with them, to go with them and fight the monster that took my family…’ he finished, as a loud bang sounded from the direction of the gateway.  Thaddrick, with fear in his heart turned to look upon the empty hillside behind him, the gateway had gone, nothing was visible on the hilltop now but the silent dead shape of a girl burnt into the once lush green grass.


Chapter 40
Into the Gateway


As Gideon and his companions stood before the portal together his father smiled.
‘Yer still me own boy Gid, don’t let no king make yer ferget.’
‘No Da,’ replied Gideon, ‘you, Mayan, Jed and Blue are me family,’ he replied as he took the final step with his father beside him, into the seemingly molten mass of swirling oil.
‘My family,’ corrected young Jed laughing, as he and Lemba joined their friends by also stepping into the gateway, leaving the world of the time bubble and Thaddrick behind them.
As they emerged on the other side of the gateway, it was dark and a bitter wind blew.  They were high up on a cold mountainside surrounded by a loud hissing noise like air slowly escaping from a balloon.
‘What’s that noise?’  Gid asked as he looked toward his father.  Jed had fallen awkwardly as he alighted from the portal and he was holding his ankle, his face etched in pain, blood was also pooling darkly beside Jed’s bottom as the glass phials he had placed in his pocket had broken, cutting through clothing, slicing skin and releasing the spells held inside to expel into the atmosphere harmlessly.
‘I think it’s broke,’ his father stated miserably, his ankle gently held between his hands.  ‘I’ve ‘urt me ars… bottom again too,’ he said as he shifted his weight, so much fer giving Dotty Thaddrick’s spells, he thought and despite his pain, he smiled warmly, thinking of Dotty and her last healing.  Young Jed, Lemba and Gideon himself gathered around the older man attempting to shield him from the wind.  No one noticed as a small figure fell through the gateway immediately after them and hid behind a pile of rocks.
The ankle was indeed broken; Gideon could see the bone jutting out at right angles just underneath his fathers’ skin.
‘Hold still Da,’ Gideon said as he gently lifted the quickly swelling foot.  Thinking about his past lessons, he looked inside himself and found the candle Jonus had instructed him to visualise.  Keeping the candle burning brightly he turned his thoughts to his father’s ankle; in his mind he could see the broken bone, the swollen tissues and the torn ligaments that normally held the ankle together.  He tried to visualise the joint as it should be and he sent his mind from one ankle to the other, copying the positioning of nerves and tendons, he lifted the fragments of broken bone, fused them back into their original positions, healed, and reattached the damaged ligaments.
Jed and Lemba standing beside Gideon and his father felt their skin itching as the magic worked.  The swelling in Jed’s ankle went down and the colour slowly changed back to a healthy glow seen in the quickly fading light.  Gideon worked on, he repaired and mended the torn skin on his father’s bottom and unable to pull himself away he began following the pathways of his father’s veins healing minor broken blood vessels and clearing clogged arteries.  He followed the sound of his father’s heart as it beat louder and louder and pushed his energy into the old muscles regenerating as he worked, feeling the blood rushing in, weak and starved and out again, filled with life sustaining oxygen.  Still he continued on, mending and healing, deep into Jed’s body aiding damaged tissues and vital organs, regenerating older blood vessels and repairing damage wrought by time.
‘The candle Gideon, watch your candle!’  Gideon heard as if from far away and looked up to find Jonus looking slightly concerned at the time the healing was taking.  As he looked again on the candle he held in his mind, he realised he had used more power than he thought, it had gone out, burnt away as the power increased.  Immediately he made it whole once more and slowly pulled away from his father’s body.
‘The candle worked Jonus; I don’t feel the least bit ill,’ Gideon smiled at the young boy who had nudged his mind, thanking him for the help.  ‘Wait, by the Journey, what are yer doing here?’  Gideon asked as he realised where they were once more.  ‘Jonus, this will be too dangerous fer you, yer need to go back.’  Gideon said and from the ground, his father smiled at his ever-changing speech patterns as the gateway shimmered and finally snapped shut.
‘Or not…,’ added young Jed staring at the place where the gateway had stood, ‘no doubt he knows we are ‘ere now anyway,’ he added as he ruffled Jonus’ hair.
Gideon’s father stood slowly and tentatively attempted to put weight on the now healed foot.  ‘Would yer jus’ look at that!’  He said in amazement when he found it completely healed.
The wind continued to blow, pushing dark clouds around in the predawn sky as the friends slowly made their way up the pass between the peaks with Gideon leading the way.  As they neared the top of the pass, Jed looked over a small natural barrier of rock between them and the edge of the cliff face.  Below them, the Derovian army were encamped in their hundreds.
‘I think this is the Bleak,’ whispered Jed remembering the tales from the barracks room, ‘an’ that hissing is getting, louder don’t yer think?’  He asked aloud, turning around to follow Gideon plodding on ahead of him.  He stared in wonder as a wall of shining beauty rose up from the ground ahead of them.  ‘Look, would yer look at that!’ he whispered pointing at a second dome, one similar to the dome of the valley but duller somehow, not quite as brilliant.
‘That, my friend is where I think we be goin’, sorry, are going,’ said Gideon softly, as his father chuckled.  Again, he was amused to find his son still correcting his own speech, even without Blue being present and in the face of such danger.
Step after step, one foot in front of the other and always with the hiss getting louder, Gideon followed the animal track carefully with the others close behind.  Something was calling to him, telling him where to come to find Mayan, pleading with him for help.
Lemba, more afraid than ever before kept her fingers silent, knowing these were probably going to be her last days with Jed.  He had told her to stay behind and stay safe when Gideon and he had discussed what Gath had said, for some reason he had also heard the king’s message but Lemba refused to leave him.  He was her life and she would if necessary, die with him as she would most certainly want to die without him.  As the morning sun rose, she began to feel tired and thirsty remembering they had not yet eaten or drunk anything since last night.  She held her hand to her throat in a vain attempt to assuage her dry throat.
‘‘Ere girl,’ began Gideon’s father loudly from behind her, ‘I’ve a drop of water iffen yer don’t mind it warm,’ he said, as she stopped and turned to take the proffered bottle.  Her mouth opened in surprise and she attempted to call Jed forgetting for a moment her tongue was gone once again, a raw bark emerged from her mouth causing young Jed and Gideon to turn.
‘By the Journey, Jed!’ exclaimed his namesake.
‘Da…!’ grinned Gideon looking down at his father with the morning sun full in his face, ‘Dotty will love you…,’ he said as young Jed leaned forward and closed Lemba’s still open mouth.
‘I’m glad you ‘ave Dotty tis all I can say, because I’d not like ter leave Lemba around yer on ‘er own,’ young Jed added almost shouting now over the increasing noise of the hissing as he grinned and turned to walk back up the pass once more after his friend.  Lemba, drinking from the water bottle kept sliding glances backwards toward her friends’ father.
‘What’s wrong with me Lemba?’   Gideon’s father asked, feeling mystified and just a little cross at both his son’s and Jed’s strange behaviour.  ‘What be wrong?’  He asked again as Lemba unable to answer followed behind the boys, a smile also spreading across her own face.  Jonus also stared open mouthed but for once stayed silent.
At last, they stopped before the dome they had seen from the distance wondering then at its size and beauty but now, now they could see why it was not quite as bright or as shining as the dome over the spelled valley, where that one was whole and sound, this one was marred.
In places, there were huge gaping holes and the loud hissing noise accompanying them for the whole of their journey from the gateway seemed to be coming from these.  The shine of the barrier in the early sunlight belied the fact it was actually rather dull and grey and it looked almost lifeless.  As the clouds passed across the face of the sun, the real barrier itself was at last visible and what was once the most beauteous wonder to behold was now dying, with only threads keeping the void at bay.
‘It’s dying…’ flashed Jonus his fingers flying, as he reached out to the source of magic, reaching for the roots to sustain the life of the barrier just a little longer.  He rushed through the broken dome and placing his fingers into the soil next to the fragile wall, he began to sing softly.
Lemba says, ‘to help him Gideon,’ said young Jed as Lemba too crossed the barrier and pushed her fingers into the dust.
‘You know I can’t Jed,’ Gideon replied sadly. ‘Gath will kill Mayan iffen I do,’ he added.
‘Your Mayan will die with the rest of us iffen you don’t young man,’ shouted Jacob, using Gideon’s speech to emphasise the severity of the decision, as he the elder twins with Rhoàld and Thaddrick emerged from a second gateway close to the edge of the barrier.  As one, they stepped through the broken curtain and knelt before it thrusting their fingers deep into the dead dry earth beside Lemba and the young boy and together they joined in song with Jonus.
‘Looks like its choice time Gid,’ said Jed loudly, referring to the one-way conversation he had witnessed between Gath and Gideon.
‘The life of your love for your own life boy, you were stolen away from me and I want back what was always supposed to be mine.  Come to me Gideon, her life for your life.’  Gath had said.
‘Time to choose bro…,’ Jed said again and as Gideon hesitated, his father stepped through to the other side of the barrier to join the others.
‘Me blood ain’t near as strong as yorn boy, but even a thimbleful could ‘elp ter stop the world from dying!’  He shouted over the noise of the dreadful hiss, kneeling on the dusty earth and joining his voice to the others, his fingers digging deep into the soil beneath the frail wall.
With tears coursing down his face Gideon made his decision, he crossed the barrier and knelt beside the wall.
‘Forgive me May,’ he whispered, tears beginning to roll down his face and his heart full to bursting with pain as he reached once more for the roots of the magic.  This is part of my sacrifice then, he thought as Jed joined him, knowing the decision Gideon had made would now condemn his sister to die.  Jed hummed tunelessly thinking of his sister, pain deeply embedded in his heart, pain for himself, for both his sister and his best friend and blood brother.
Gideon felt the barrier begin to fail as he placed his fingers into the dust.  It was so weak, so fragile and they were only just in time and as the old barrier died the new one began to live.
Gideon’s soul soared along the lifelines surrounding the valley; he could feel Thaddrick singing his greatest harmonies mingling with his fathers’ humble murmur and he could see everything.  From Jed’s lifeline, he could see a light travelling toward Lemba, who was shining in the ether almost as brightly as he was himself. On the power surged, on and on, and in wonder he realised how everything connected, a giant web of life with everything linked in some way to everything else but also as individual as grains of sand on a vast beach, each grain with its own Journey mapped out and disappearing into the future.  The colours sung in their brilliance and strength as the vast barrier continued to establish and fortify, continued to absorb the power of the one.
He felt the essence of a life as it fluttered past and died.  Mayan, he thought, believing at that moment she had died.  Gideon felt the candle in his mind burn brightly as he again thought of his failure to protect her, his condemning her to death, as his candle flickered and went out, Gideon roared in pain as he thought of her, her death on his hands.
He screamed his hurt, releasing all he was into the great barrier, his heart overflowed with grief once more as he melded and bonded the strands of life within the wall and forbidding it to fail.  His suffering was evident as tears fell from his eyes unashamedly.  At last, a loud bang reverberated around and around inside the now sealed dome and the wall shone, vibrant with life once more.  With the hissing now stopped, the silence itself was profound and Gideon fell forward, tired to the point of exhaustion.
‘It is over,’ he said. ‘Mayan is dead!’  As the silence eased, Gideon sobbed quietly. Mayan, his beautiful Mayan was dead and Gath was going to pay.  He sat up slowly, a fierce determination on his face.
‘Where do we go Thaddrick?’  He asked, pulling himself up to his feet quietly and looking across to where Thaddrick knelt over Jacob, Jonus was beside him and tears were falling from his eyes.
‘What is it?’  Rhoàld called as he too sat up, exhaustion clearly written across his now, not so gaunt features.
‘Jacob is gone from us, his journey has begun.’  Thaddrick said closing the man’s eyes.
‘Why him Thaddrick, why him?’  Gideon asked, bewildered and feeling guilty as he realised with relief it meant Mayan was still alive.
‘He gave himself up for sacrifice to the void.  Thaddrick answered, adding, ‘to satisfy the balance needed, Jacob has died. I believe it was why he wanted to accompany us.’  He crossed the dead man’s hands over his body noting Jacob’s mouth was set in a small smile.  ‘I pray on the journey he finds his family,’ Thaddrick said with finality before bowing his head in respect.
Lemba sadly remembered the story Roidan had told her of Jacobs’s family.  Of how his wife, at the last moment before the gateway had slammed shut on the colonies arrival had pushed him through saving him whilst trapping her and their sons’ on the wrong side.  His wife had saved his life, whilst forever keeping them apart.
Gideon, stunned to silence stood before the smiling corpse, again feeling guilty at the wash of pleasure that the death he had felt had not been Mayan’s
‘He hated me,’ Gideon whispered, I pray his journey is not long... I’m sorry...’ he finished, touching the old man’s forehead in respect.
‘No Gideon, he hated to be alive when his family were gone.’  Thaddrick answered, adding, ‘we cannot bury him here, this ground is contaminated.  He spoke quietly to Varan and Sonal and began to sing.  The elder twins joined him with their voices slowly followed by Jonus as he watched one of the first funerals he had ever seen.  Lemba took his hand humming quietly as Rhoàld and Jed joined them.  As the company sang, Jacob’s body seemed to shine, it grew lighter and lighter becoming as thin and as translucent as the great dome it laid beside, nervously Gideon joined in the song, his voice in perfect sorrowful harmony.  The body lifted off the ground and rose up toward the heavens, and as it reached the great barrier, it turned into a blaze of light and joined as one with the power protecting the world from the void.
The singing stopped and the dome returned to its quiet beauty.
‘Come on now, Gath will be waiting for us as sure as the barrier is whole once more,’ Thaddrick said hoarsely as he walked on into the fog.
‘No Thaddrick,’ said Sonal, ‘the barrier... it’s not just whole, it’s new and stronger than I have ever seen it,’ he whispered in awe.  Even from the inside and through the fog the great barrier dome could be seen shimmering and dazzling with life and strength.


Chapter 41
A Final Battle


All day the small group walked and always downhill, the fog was thickening continually and at times, they had to hold on to one another as it became too dense in patches to see through.  Death seemed to surround them on every side and evil felt forever near.  Darker patches of fog would loom at them only to fade away before they came to close.  At these times, Gideon’s father felt as if they were being followed, his woodsman’s skills coming to the fore in the barren landscape, he took to walking at the rear of the group watching their backs.  Having the least magical blood in a place full of magic he kept his wits about him and prayed on the journey his own was not about to start quite yet.  He kept his thoughts on his parents, Jayse and on Dotty, the way she had smiled at him and the sidelong glances he had witnessed as they drove homeward the first time they had met.  Does she like me, even though I’m too old fer ‘er?  He wondered as the darkness continued to close in and breathing became difficult.
Eventually the ground began to rise once more; Sonal and Varan looked exhausted as they finally sat down calling a halt.  Unnoticed by the others the elder twins had erected a bubble of air around them as the void was now sucking the last of the air from within the dome, breathing normally was almost impossible.
‘Stay within the bubble,’ called Varan leaving his arm firmly clasped around Sonal’s wrist.
‘Outside the bubble the lack of air will kill you.’  Sonal explained.  ‘The void has long since taken the air from the valley; the hissing noise was the air being sucked away from the rest of the planet.  Thaddrick held up his hand and extended a magical light from his fingertips illuminating the small domed bubble surrounding them all.  The bubble was filtering the air and keeping them all alive, as twins, Sonal and Varan needed no balance but kept hold of each other for moral support.
‘They will be waiting at the temple.’  Varan said suddenly, as his eyes glazed over slightly and his head dropped on one side as if listening to something.
‘Can you hear that too then Varan?’  Gideon asked in surprise as he looked toward man who looked so like his father’s friend.
‘The crystal calls us,’ answered Varan in lieu of an answer.  ‘You forget I was once a priest.’  As the light shone illuminating the yellowing fog outside of the air bubble, Thaddrick glanced over at Gideon’s father sitting with his knife in his hands, he had intended to speak quietly, but sudden shock at Jed’s changed appearance forestalled him.
‘Great Journeys!’ he began but seeing the surprised look on Jed’s face he spluttered and began to cough, the light from Thaddrick’s fingers fading slowly as he held his hands over his mouth.
‘Ere we go again,’ said Jed, in an exasperated tone, ‘will someone please tell me what ‘on the Journey’ be going on?’   Thaddrick raised his hand once more and the light reappeared.  Sonal also turned to his old friend, his jaw falling wide.
In the hurry to re-establish the wall no one had noticed how Jed had changed, the yellow darkness of the cloying fog had prevented anyone seeing the man they all knew so well, how Gideon’s healing spell had not only healed Jed’s ankle but had strengthened his bones and re-established the elasticity in his skin.  The muscle tone was improved and his heart, lungs and other organs were in prime condition, his once greying hair was now full, thick and dark, shining with youth and vitality, even in the magic yellowing light reflected by the fog.  In short, Jed’s body clock had reversed; he looked old enough to be Gideon’s older brother, not the father he was.  Sonal smiled knowing Jed’s argument over the Dotty situation was now probably invalid.  If we ever get out of this, he thought.  Jed himself, still unaware of the changes wrought during the healing scowled at the smiles and glances.
As the time wore on and the company rested, Gideon, under instruction from Thaddrick took control of the bubble allowing the elder twins to rest.  The candle principle worked on the bubble just as well as it had worked on the healing and he kept the small candle burning in his mind as the magic filtered the air needed to sustain their lives, protecting them from both whatever could live outside the bubbles embrace and the dangers of the void.
After the company had rested and not knowing what time of day it was the small group began to move off once more, always now travelling upward.  Still Gideon heard the call in his head, Varan cautioned Gideon not to listen to the hypnotic sequence of words and cadences but despite Varan’s warnings, Gideon did find himself listening out for the new notes as they moved and occasionally he found himself singing the beat as he walked, no harm in singing, surely?  He thought.
Within the confines of the small bubble, Thaddrick constantly sought for danger through the ether, worry making him less cautious than he would normally be.  He felt Gath as they drew near to him; soon, he thought, we will be upon him soon, there’s something else too, the feeling shocked him to the core, something strong, powerful and evil, he withdrew from the ether once more urging Gideon to more caution and took control of the bubble allowing the boy to rest.
They had been travelling for hours with hunger gnawing at their bellies when at last the water ran out.
‘The lad can’t last much longer Blue,’ stated Jed who was carrying young Jonus who now, for all his new found youth, looked as tired as the rest of the group.
‘A little further,’ Thaddrick replied as he began climbing a much worn staircase once cut from the living rock.  As they climbed, Gideon thought he could see the bodies of men and women, soldiers lying in the dust beside the pathway each in varying stages of decay.
‘Look,’ he called pointing at the body of an officer dressed in green and red, with the heavy gold piping of Derova lying face down in the dirt.  Thaddrick turned the body over and Lemba gasped as she realised the body had been bled dry.  Varan recognised the signs of a ritual killing and said nothing, having taken part himself in many killings just like this one.  Young Jed refused to look, not wanting to see the face of a man who may have served, or even trained with him.
‘We have arrived,’ Thaddrick said, as the small group walked into the confines of a large cave and passed through a warding.  Thaddrick shivered recognising the author of the spell.  ‘I’m releasing the bubble as Gath also needs to breathe air,’ he whispered and muttered a word as the protective bubble around them disappeared.
Although their bodies felt tired and heavy, they were able to breathe with some difficulty and Thaddrick smiled weakly.  ‘The air will sustain us for a time...’ he said as he glanced around him noticing what everyone else was looking at.  Misshaped bodies were lying asleep around the edges of the rock-hewn room, all with heavy limbs and fur coverings and their breathing fast and shallow as they attempted to fill small lungs.  Again, Varan said nothing as he recognised the menial workers fed on blood and body parts of the dead, their devotion to the crystal more meaningful than anything else in their lives.
‘They are in a spelled sleep, come, quietly...’ said Thaddrick as he made his way stepping over the sleeping bodies and through into a stone corridor remembering the last time he had been in this place so long ago.  At that time, he had been carrying his nephew’s body and he had watched as Dèvin’s body turned to dust releasing the captive evil into the crystal.  Is Dèvin’s soul still within the crystal?  He asked himself, remembering the way his brother’s son had sacrificed himself to hold the entity trapped safely within the confines of flesh and blood.  Surely not, not after all these years... he answered his own question, hoping and praying he was right.
Gideon heard the voice in his head call him; he knew the owner of the voice was close and Rhoàld believed he could feel Bastian, as he hovered in the ether waiting for release.  Lemba too felt the fear once more as she thought of Gath, then her hair began to curl, twisting and turning about her head and she paled.  She knew what it meant, it meant Toby was near but her thoughts of Gath, and what he was capable of turned her heart to ice, even Jed squeezing her hand could not warm her the way it usually did.  Each of the travellers moved slowly, each filled with their own thoughts.
Varan alone felt a strange release, he had carried the warning, Thaddrick’s spell, built into the wall so long ago, the warning of the child with the dead eyes, it could not happen, not now we have come this far.  It would not happen, not now, he thought as they rounded the last corner and advanced into the room where his back had been so painfully tattooed and past the column where he had slit his grandfather’s throat along with many others before him.  He had brought the one here, to this place to begin the healing, life would return to the earth just as soon as Gath was dead and the gateway to the void closed.  Easier said than done, he mused.
Oily yellow candles burnt around the room giving off a yellow light making the room dark and smelly.  The chamber was exactly as he remembered it, rock hewn pillars surrounded the outer walls, now though; he knew they were built originally to represent justice.  A reminder of the chamber of justice in some castle or other in Boetesh I think Thaddrick said, anyway it was on Arotia, Varan’s thoughts waffled on in confusion, trying not to listen to the voice insidiously creeping inside his skull, his fear making him dizzy and sick.
High on the altar stone lay Mayan, stiff and cold.  In his muddled state Varan heard Gideon sob.  Behind them opposite the altar stone, the purple and black crystal sat nestled atop its plinth.  It really doesn’t look too safe, Varan thought as Thaddrick followed him into the room.
‘Aahh, Thaddrick, well met.’  Gath said as he entered the room from a side corridor behind the altar, a soldier, dressed in a dirty red and green uniform with a scantily clad boy in a white and gold toga followed him.  Darnel’s eyes flew open as Lemba recognised him, her eyes full of pity, her fingers clutched Jed’s arm tightly.  Thaddrick stared at the altar stone that had once held Dèvin’s body, now it held Mayan.  The stone if possible, looked more intimidating now than it ever had, then, it had not stained black with the blood of innocents as they gave their lives, hoping in vain to save their families.  Thaddrick looked at the channels cut into the rock taking the blood away from the altar; they ran across the floor to the back of the plinth behind him, where he recalled Varan saying the crystal cooled in the blood before a servant carried it to the site of the old gateway.
Gideon’s father bringing up the rear with Jonus in his arms stopped just outside of the stone chamber.  Rhoàld in front of him stopped too, fear paralysing his legs, a large wooden door stood between them and the open chamber.  Still in Jed’s arms, Jonus wriggled against Jed’s hold so Jed put him on his feet.
‘Close the door,’ whispered Jed, ‘close it now, coz iffen those little men awaken we’ll ‘ave a fight on our ‘ands,’ he said and as Rhoàld pulled the door closed, Jonus joined him.
‘You should be dead.’  Thaddrick said calmly, looking at his family’s one time nemesis.  ‘You have wasted how many lifetimes attempting to get home?  You will never reach Arotia, Gatherer.’  Thaddrick smiled, ‘you may kill us all but you will never get home,’ he smiled again as Gath’s demeanour grew ugly, his face purple with anger.
‘You will be the first to die Thaddrick,’ he spat as he threw a killing spell toward the old man.  The spell missed Thaddrick as the silver grey wolf twisted out of the way just in time.  The spell crashed into the rock plinth holding the purple crystal making it wobble precariously, the spell entered the rock column between the minute natural holes and fissures and slowly it began to crumble the plinth from the inside out.
The explosion forced the sleeping servants awake and they charged the corridor only to find the door closed and barred.
‘You have my woman Brewster,’ began Toby, his silver necklace of hair curling in time and rhythm with Lemba’s, he walked toward young Jed, a long savage looking sword in his hand.
‘Never scum, not whilst there is life in me body,’ Jed spat back, pulling Lemba behind him.
‘Such a pretty bird, will she be as good as Mayan d’yer think?’  Toby asked as he advanced toward them slowly, ‘Mayan fought ser very ‘ard as I took ‘er, an’ she never told yer...’ he said, taunting the unharmed man in front of him.  ‘Ahh, well, this un’ll be more compliant, that I do know.  Eh Lemba, we’ll make a few bruises together won’t we love,’ he said as he lunged at the pair.  Jed pushed the small girl further behind him as he rushed for Toby, pushing Darnel out of harm’s way and ducking behind the stone plinth, there he slipped on some sticky substance on the floor and went down wedging himself between the column and the wall.  Sparks flew off the stone when Toby’s sword broke in two as it smashed into the base of the crystal’s stone column inches away from Jed’s head and further damaging the failing pillar.  Jed called to Gideon to get out of the way fearing the heavy stone would fall on top of him, Gideon stood still, rigid even, almost dazed with his eyes fixed on the blue and purple crystal as it spun precariously and slowly atop its plinth.  Each movement at the unstable column’s base making the crystal spin more as the column moved, Varan rushed to aid the strangely stricken Gideon who stood compliant, listening to the voice inside his head.  Jonas, also seeing Gideon’s plight raced from the relative protection of the corridor to aid Gideon as Gideon’s father and Rhoàld fought the strange but strong men, some, still half asleep as they threw themselves at the door with axes and rock hammers.
‘The door won’t be ‘oldin’ fer ever,’ shouted Gideon’s father as he turned to see Toby Hollins baring down on a fallen Jed, at once his knife flew from his fingers, straight and true, landing solidly in Toby’s arm.  Blood flowed from the wound as Toby tore the knife free and advanced once more now trailing fresh blood as he moved, his injured arm hanging uselessly.
Darnel standing hopelessly vulnerable and hidden behind the stone plinth saw Toby, the bloody knife still in his hand as he advanced toward the stricken Jed and himself.  Without a second thought, he reached into his toga for his only possession, the box that contained his dried up tongue; he flung it as hard as he could.  The box hit Toby squarely on the brow and he fell to the floor unconscious, landing heavily on top of Jed.  Wedged as he was between the plinth and the wall, Jed struggled to get out from under the now bigger and more solid man.
‘Don’t remember yer bein’ so big, you oaf,’ Jed cussed as Darnel moved silently to help him.
Rhoàld once more managed to push the door to the corridor shut finding an inner strength he knew was Bastian and together with Gideon’s father, they kept the wiry misshapen men behind it for a time.  They were as exhausted as the others still fighting for their lives in the stone room were and the lack of clean clear air made every movement a labour.  Lemba and Sonal dashed to where Mayan was still comatose on the altar stone as Varan and Jonus attempted to pull Gideon away from the line of increasing spell fire.  One moment Thaddrick was a man shooting a spell of protection and warding toward the other members of the group and the next a wolf, dodging the return spells.  Sonal grabbed at the unconscious Mayan and pulled her from the table her arm hit the floor hard and her wrist snapped badly, as the pain from her broken wrist lifted the sleep spell, her cry, also woke Gideon from his trance.
The crystal atop the plinth moved as the plinth itself shuddered, Toby’s blood was seeping along the grooves cut into the rock and running behind the plinth.  Varan watched in horror, as he knew the crystal itself would react to the fresh living blood, it began to change colour as it sensed the blood and Varan, realising the danger attempted to open himself up to the stone as he had for years as the stones highest servant.  If I could occupy the stones consciousness for just a moment it may give the others time to fight back, he reasoned.
Sonal, deep in the magic as he attempted to heal Mayan’s wrist, felt the change in his twin, he sat still and quiet listening for his brother’s mind, waiting for the chance to aid the brother he had let down so badly so long ago.
Gath stood over the old mage, victory in his stance, stronger than he had ever been.
‘You will make me the gateway home old man and you will feel the wrath of your conqueror.’  He said, spittle gathering at the corners of his mouth.  ‘I shall have your blood; you will feed me Thaddrick as your family have done for many, many generations.  When I return to Arotia, which I will and in the body of a young God, the body of my son, have no doubt I will kill all of your blood line,’ he said, as Thaddrick, looking completely exhausted threw one last spell at him.  The spell, easily knocked aside by Gath flew across the stone chamber hitting the wall solidly, it left a small line fixed almost invisibly to the back of Gath’s hand, the spell grew and spread as it fed off Gath.  The rock beneath the spell changed and became oily, tiny pinpricks of light appeared.  Gath laughed as the spell left his hand not noticing the small line still attached.
‘Is that all you have?’  He laughed again, as he flung another death spell toward the stricken vulnerable mage.  Gideon felt the vibrations in the ether as Thaddrick appeared to weaken.
‘No, Thaddrick,’ he called and as he pushed his strength into that of his friend, he opened his mind wide offering all that he was to the frail old man.  Immediately Gideon felt the voice enter his head once more, calling to him, asking for release from torment, pleading.  In his state of heightened perception, he located the voice in the crystal above his head and he reached out to the crystal, curiosity filling him, unknowingly depriving Thaddrick of his last hope.  At once Varan appeared in the ether before him.
‘No Gideon,’ he pleaded.  ‘The crystal is evil and it will kill us all, it is a creature of the void.’  Gideon’s mind was suddenly full of pictures of Varan as a high priest of the crystal, drinking blood and slitting the throats of men, women and children.  Gideon, horrified at the frightening imagery, pulled away in horror from the man he knew, drifting nearer to the voice in the crystal.  Lemba, still sitting beneath the stone altar with Mayan nursing her half healed arm and Sonal offering what comfort he could, kept listening to his brother’s mind and felt the horror of the things he had done and his shame of it all.  He felt Varan’s grief as he spoke the last words to his grandfather and heard again the command his grandfather had given him.
‘I love you boy, always have, now then, slice deep so I die quick.’  He heard his grandfather say and then watched as Varan with tears in his eyes resolutely slit the old man’s throat.  With his heart heavy and his own eyes watering, he joined with his brother in pleading with Gideon to stay away from the evil within the crystal.
Gideon felt the pull to enter and join with the power, to become one with it, the desire increased as he drew nearer, he could see such power, power, as he had never seen before.  Unexpectedly before him in the ether, swam the lady, pain filling her face.
‘Gideon my son,’ she said, ‘look, Thaddrick has need of you.’  Gideon turned to his mother and saw Thaddrick as he struggled with death, instantly Gideon fell from the ether and as the lady vanished, he knew Thaddrick was dying; he threw himself bodily against the king.  Unused to being the victim of physical violence Gath stumbled and fell in turn, knocking against the unsteady stone plinth once more.  As he fell, he hit his head, temporarily knocking himself out; the crystal atop the plinth slipped from its already unsteady perch and now balanced precariously at its edge.
The death spell Gath had sent into Thaddrick died with Gath’s consciousness, just as the gateway Thaddrick had attempted to create continued to draw on Gath’s comatose form.  There was not much time, Thaddrick gasped as colour returned to his skin and breath, scant as it was to his stricken lungs.
‘Do not go near that gateway,’ he said breathlessly.
Rhoàld and Jed struggled to hold the door closed the steady boom, boom, boom, of the axes and rock hammers sounding like drumbeats as the noise echoed around the room.
‘The door is about to collapse,’ Rhoàld called as Thaddrick faced a second wall and began to sing.  The words were unfamiliar to all who were conscious enough to hear but their blood began to rejoice as they realised the unfamiliar words spoke of home.  As Thaddrick sang, the plinth finally gave out and as if in slow motion the crystal along with the stones began to fall, down it went, falling even as Thaddrick sang.  Gideon had that same feeling of foreboding that had plagued him for weeks, something irked him, causing him to reach for his candle and light the flame.  He balanced the flame carefully and reached out for the crystal within the ether, not trusting himself to touch the once beautiful but dark stone; he held it steady with his mind as Thaddrick sang.  Finally, a second gateway opened, tessellating just as the door to the room began to collapse under the strain of the hammers and axes.
‘Quickly go through,’ Thaddrick shouted as his strength gave out.  Mayan and Lemba crossed the room and disappeared without hesitation.
‘Get Blue outta ‘ere Jed,’ Gideon’s father shouted to his namesake whilst holding the last vestiges of the doorway together with his newfound strength.  Jed, hearing Gideon’s father, at last managed with Darnel’s help to push the unconscious Toby off himself.  As one, they moved toward the fragile form of Thaddrick and taking an arm each walked as quickly as their burden would allow them toward the new gateway, following on behind the girls.
‘Wait,’ called Jed as he left Thaddrick’s entire weight on Darnel’s arm; quickly he crossed the room and silently retrieved the knife and the tiny box and that had saved his life.  Unseen by Darnel he placed them in the pocket of his jerkin and raced back ushering both Darnel and Thaddrick through the shining black surface, stopping only momentarily to call to Jonus who still stood watching Jed, Gideon’s father as he held back the door with brute strength.  Rhoàld stood over the unconscious form of Gath, a large knife in his hand and salvation for his beloved within his grasp.  Jonus jumped past Sonal and Varan as they stood before the gateway calling for Rhoàld to hurry as they passed through; and Gideon, finally unable to fight the downward pull from the crystal any longer released the magic and stunned by the effort it took fell to his knees.
As the crystal fell toward the rock floor, Rhoàld felt Bastian move with horror within him, realising something dreadful was about to happen Rhoàld left the vulnerable form of Gath and moved toward Gideon.  At that moment Jed, Gideon’s father at last let the door go and rushed across the room to aid his son, pulling Gideon from the floor the two men dragged him from his kneeling position and half carried, half pushed him through Thaddrick’s gateway, throwing themselves after him seconds before the gateway snapped, sealing it forever shut.
As the door to the chamber disintegrated, the crystal hit the floor and shattered, Medim at last soared free and the souls of thousands of people who had died in his name found release.  Dèvin had seen the valiant struggle his uncle had given and had been proud of the bloodline of his family as he recognised Gideon’s own blood.  Now though, free at last, he felt his soul rise as the light before him gave him welcome, and he joined with the other freed souls finally and together as one, they began their own Journey.
Medim’s soul swirled around the stone room, he had watched in amusement as the humans had fought, touching the magic’s roots oh, so tentatively.  He searched for a new host amongst the life forms before him and quickly dismissed the ugly misshaped beings that managed to serve the priests.  He entered the mind of Toby Hollins but left it quickly before Toby realised it was there, sex and hate, whilst both were powerful emotions, the human had no magic.  Finally, the swirling purple cloud hovered over the unconscious form of the king, Medim could feel the need for hate and revenge, he could feel the blood lust and the anger but most of all he could feel the power vibrating through Gath’s blood, calling to him.  Without hesitation, he entered Gath’s body and mind, settling in quickly becoming one with his host.  The unconscious mind of Gath recognised a like being whilst Medim saw the mind of the man he had worshiped as a human boy all those years ago.  The Journey wills in mysterious ways… Medim’s thoughts were interrupted by Gath, I alone decide my Journey... the now semi-conscious man thought wearily but as it recognised the voice that had called so frequently to him Gath’s dark soul smiled.
Toby woke up feeling ill, he looked over to see the king still lying prone on the floor.
‘My lord?’  He asked as he moved toward the king, hoping, praying he was not dead.  He needed the king to get out of the chamber, out from the bleak, the air outside was now unfit to breath.  Already Toby could feel his lungs struggling and without Gath conscious enough to maintain the magic, the void was sucking the air out faster than ever.
‘My King, wake up!’ Toby exclaimed as he tried to rouse the seemingly comatose man.  ‘King Gath,’ he shouted, slapping the king’s face hard, he lifted his hand to strike the king once more and as he did so, the king caught his arm almost crushing it in his vice like grip.  Gath’s eyes flew open and Toby gulped as the once bright blue eyes stared back at him now as black orbs floating in a sea of darkness.  Toby stepped back in surprise.
‘Call us… MeGath, yes… MeGath,’ the king laughed, releasing Toby’s hand and rubbing his own hands together.  ‘My name is MeGath.’  At that moment Thaddrick’s first gateway finally tessellated, becoming the portal he had endeavoured to power using Gath’s own strength.  The pull from the gateway was overpowering as one by one the misshapen servants rose from the floor, pulled by the vacuum the darkness created and sucked out into the void.  Toby too felt the pull as his feet began to leave the floor.
‘Sire,’ he called, ‘MeGath, help me,’ he screamed as his feet went from under him and he flew toward the darkness.  MeGath watched, again dispassionately.  With a flick of his wrist, the line severed, the gateway closed and Toby fell to the ground with a bang.
‘Tell me of this Thaddrick,’ MeGath asked himself aloud and listened as the part of him that was Gath began to tell his tale.  As he finished his silent conversation he smiled, ‘Arotia will welcome both of its sons home once more Thaddrick, wait and see,’ he said, adding, ‘and the heir of the Emperor King Ramis will reign supreme across two worlds forever.  As I was meant to do father,’ he called loudly, his words echoing around the room, and flowing out under the newly strengthened dome.  They reverberated across the dead space under the dome and found the miniscule gap left by the unclosed Gateway when the colonists first arrived.  Finally, the words were sucked through the breach and left to rebound across the void, whilst on route to Arotia Thaddrick shivered.



._._._


About the Author:

Hi there, I work at London Heathrow Airport and divide my time between my work, my family, (which is huge, five children and six grandchildren so far!) my friends, my garden and my beloved computer.  I do hope you enjoyed reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.
Currently the third book in the ‘The Tessellation Saga’ which is to be called, ‘MeGath’ is undergoing scrutiny for typo’s and loose threads, (do let me know if you find any I’ve missed!) I’ve added a sneaky peek of the first three chapters at the end of this book.

Follow me on Twitter:  http://twitter.com@Dede12012

Alternatively, for more of my random rambling read my blog:

http://tessellationsaga.blogspot.co.uk/

._._._


MeGath


Trial and time the shadow remains,
His return begins the stain,
Twelve of one, blood of the key,
Cleanse the shadow,
Expunge the stain,
Twelve will be to set them free, or two will die.


Chapter 1


MeGath stared at the wall intently as he mumbled his incantation, his eyes slowly glazed over, gradually filling with darkness as the magic grew and spread, the red rectangle he had drawn on the old brickwork with fresh innocent blood, glowed with a malevolence he had not expected.  He smiled slowly.  This time, he thought, this time, the magic will work, the gateway will open.  His eyes were now as black as the night sky and as the storm raged outside his window, the skies split, sending showers of brilliant white light in every direction as the lightning spread.  The pressure built steadily as if called forth by MeGath’s magic, by his blood, the life giving fluid that pounded in his heart and rushed through his veins, it pulsed in time with the glowing blood he had used to draw the outline for the portal.  The blood was fresh, strong in magic and new, the donor, an infant from a native Boeteshian nobleman’s family, one with an embarrassing pregnancy to conceal.  The nobleman had been very glad to be rid of the evidence of his daughter’s indiscretion and the child’s mother was told her baby was stillborn.  He believed the journey had been with him the day he found out about the pregnancy and of course as a stern but fair king, he was pleased to be in a position to help a loyal courtier.  He told the man he would have the baby placed in to one of his farms to be brought up as a valued member of society and would never trouble him again, he smiled wryly, that last at least is true, he thought.
A pinpoint of black light began to glow within the center of the rectangle, a weak and sickly glimmer turning from black to a dirty, oily yellow.  It oozed from the middle of the wall spreading like a disease as it ate its way across the bare brickwork and permeated the room with a sulphurous noxious smell.  MeGath continued his incantation, his hands weaving in time to the unmelodious chant and as the cement in the wall began to liquefy the bricks themselves softened and bubbled under the intense unhealthy light.  The crawling mass grew.  More pinpoints of black began appearing within the bloody framework, each again producing more of the noxious brightness and the acrid sulphurous smell.  The seething goo spread outward almost covering the entire bloody framework and in the center, the darkness became solid, absolute.  MeGath’s excited mumbling grew louder as his gateway finally began to appear viable.
Outside the walls of the castle, the storm continued to rage; mage’s sang spells of calming to the heavens to no avail, anxiously offering their lives as balance for the magic they were using, draining themselves as they strove ever harder to control the abnormal weather.  Mothers held their children and sank onto their knees in supplication to the gods and tears fell in abundance as the winds blew chimneys from rooftops and screaming animals fought to relieve the pressure building inside their heads.  Out at sea, a small vessel shuddered under the continued onslaught of the ferocious waves as a group of men lashed a young girl to a grating for safety.
High in his tower, MeGath ignored the storm outside and sliced both his palms deeply with a small ceremonial knife, grimacing with pain he raised his arms and watched as his blood sped freely along an invisible, horizontal line, joining and mixing with the sulphurous mass on the wall encouraging the barrier to open.  It’s happening… it’s finally happening, he thought as he watched his blood become one with the crawling, bubbling darkness.  Still the mass expanded, grew ever nearer the bloody rectangle, it will merge this time, it must, he thought as his voice rose to a pitch beyond human hearing.  Somewhere in the castle, dogs began to bark.
‘NOW’, he screamed as the sickly disease finally began to eat at the bloody painted framework.  ‘NOW’, he screamed again as the knife dropped from his sticky red hand and fell to the floor spinning soundlessly and spreading droplets of blood in a small circle.
The bloody outline glowed brighter as the sickly mass covered it, suddenly it flared with an incandescent flame and as MeGath closed his eyes to avoid blindness, a jolt of pure energy tore from his body, exiting through his outstretched and bloody palms.  Straight along the invisible line it went and then out through the burgeoning rift and on into the darkness that had once been a wall, on into the black velvet nothing lying beyond it.  Like a beacon in the night, it lit the dark, inky space briefly and disappeared but within moments the energy bolt returned, somehow brighter and stronger than before, he stopped singing as the light exploded in his head causing him to fall to his knees.  Immediately, he pushed the heels of his bloody palms into his eye sockets attempting to retrieve his ruined vision and lessen the growing pain.  With his eyes screwed tightly closed, he failed to notice as his body began to glow, brighter and brighter he shone as the light’s energy released through him and into the room, more and more spilled from his pores and dissipated as quickly into the air.  It seeped out through the walls and windows, flowed through fabrics and doors until finally it joined with the winds of the storm and scattered, once more filling the world with a message of hope and love.
MeGath opened his sore eyes tentatively, not noticing his now healed palms, he watched as the unexpected blast of energy affected the gateway he had created.  Despite his pain, he smiled, congratulating himself as the sticky wall disappeared and the velvet darkness of the ether and the thin veil separating it from the void beyond came into view, never before had he or any living thing seen into the ether itself with physical eyes.  The Ether, being a spiritual place, a place of peace and learning, the place where the roots of all magic were at their strongest but also the place where the barrier, that thin veil between good and evil could be broken.  He watched in wonder as the veil holding back the void pushed and stretched as the evil behind its thin membrane struggled to break through, his own spell of opening had called the magic and he was ecstatic.
‘We have done it,’ he said quietly as he stared, thinking of the power that would soon be his to command, then he would finally rule the whole of Arotia not just Boetesh and from there, with the use of this and subsequent gateways he would open, he would rule worlds.  As he continued to stare at the inky blackness before him, its dark glow gently dimmed and faded, the blood on the wall began to dry with small veins and cracks appearing as it released dull red flakes to fall gently to the bare wooden floor.  MeGath watched in horror as the doorway to his future began to disintegrate before his impaired vision.
‘No…’ he whispered aloud, ‘No, this can’t be.’  Quickly he began chanting a spell of holding, his body swaying from his knees in time to his song.  A noise behind him almost had him stumble in his recitation but he regained focus and continued to sing, his arms and hands gesticulating wildly as the spell fell ineffectually on the wall before him.  Regardless of his efforts, the gateway began to fold in on itself and within seconds, the wall was as it had been before the attempt began.  A pile of blood red dust and the sulphurous eggy smell the only evidence left of the failed gateway.  Gath shivered as he felt Medim withdraw from his mind.
The room was now cold, colder than Gath had ever known it, his head pounded unmercifully and he was bone tired, the dried, dead body of the infant lay frozen on the collapsed alter behind him.
The alter stone itself was a large piece of marble with a well cut into one side, the well was designed to contain the blood released from the throat of the innocent child it held, it was now empty and dried blood coated its cold surface.  On this particular occasion, two drugged and spelled street-rats, children with so little inherent magic that they lived on their wits and habitually hung around the castle looking for scraps to eat or trinkets to steal, had held the heavy stone.  Now in place of the children lay the dead bodies of two old men, their lives given to balance the enormous amounts of magic he had needed for the opening spell into the ether, into the void, that secret space between worlds and time.
‘Why, this time, when I was so close?’  He asked the dead sightless eyes of the preternaturally old man nearest to him and as he stood, he kicked the cold stiff body in frustration and anger.
It had taken him months to study the street-rats of the city and then to acquire the two most likely not to be missed.  He had had so many hopes for the spell this time, previously, he had used slaves but their blood was just not right, they held no magic in their veins despite being his to command.  No, the street rats were at least Arotian, but he was not sure if he could procure such a source again.  The Magmen, his mages of power that patrolled the city ensuring the safety of the civilian population and upholding the laws would soon become suspicious.  One or two unwanted children disappearing off the streets were an acceptable loss but a regular stream would soon start to cause tongues to wag and not just amongst the common populace, no, he thought, I must find another source.
Gath stared at the bodies then moved his gaze to the wall, the wall where he had beheld the tantalizing glimpse of the ether and the void beyond.  ‘Such high hopes...,’ he sighed, his teeth grinding in anger and frustration.  Shaking his head, he walked to the window and pulled back the curtains.
The tempest had blown itself out just as the gateway had and the detritus left by the unprecedented ferocity of the storm was evident by the damage strewn across the city but MeGath saw nothing other than the stars shining brightly above him.
‘Why did it go wrong this time?’ he whispered to the darkness.  ‘Why…?’  He closed his eyes and rested his pounding forehead against the glass.  A shudder ran through him as the ice cold glass kissed his skin and his anger slowly drained away.  Opening his eyes once more he watched as his warm breath clouded the glass distorting his view from the window and stirring a deep-set memory.
In his mind, through the window he saw a young couple walking through a winter garden.  The woman was heavily pregnant and smiling into her partner’s eyes and both looked radiantly happy.  As Gath watched, the man raised his hand and lovingly caressed his partner’s swollen belly; the woman lowered her head and covered his hand with her own, lifting her face once more toward the man her smile deepened.  Gath felt himself tensing, though he could not identify the sudden cause of his anxiety.  As the feeling passed, he could see himself as a young child looking out of a nursery window and frantically trying to gain the attention of the woman in the garden, whose only thoughts just then were of her husband and the new infant she was expecting.  The view changed as his nurse pulled him away from the window leaving his parents to walk the garden unobserved and alone, leaving him, seething with jealously.
Gath shook his head to clear the unfamiliar memory and wiped at the glass with his sleeve, as the glass slowly cleared he stared at his reflection.  A pale sallow face with a thick mop of lank dark hair, black heavy lidded eyes and thin lips, so very different from the face he usually saw in the mirror.  As Gath, he had always prided himself on his beauty often using illegal blood magic to keep age at bay; the face in the glass was not his, it was his long time alter ego, Crown Prince Medim of Boetesh.
‘I am disappointed in you Gath,’ the image in the glass said.  ‘Time is against us, eventually they will come.  The balance is shifting, did you not feel it... something has... has changed, we need more power.’
‘I know,’ replied Gath adding, ‘it was almost a success this time, almost…’
‘Is almost good enough then?’ the reflection asked coldly.  ‘Did my memory not tell you anything, we need pure blood, what good is our knowledge if we cannot access the power of the void,’ whispered the face in the glass.
‘I know,’ Gath repeated, answering the reflection,’ but what more can I do?’  He asked again through his pain and now with irritation clear in his voice.
‘Find the strong pure blood, give her a child, give us the blood we need, the power we need to open the portal and gain command of the void.  Boetesh may at last be ours but I want…We, we want Arotia itself to kneel before us!’  Medim hissed angrily, adding finally.  ‘I once had a sister… find her.’
‘Your sister is dead,’ Gath said quietly, answering the voice in his mind, he sighed in pain and frustration as his head pounded, they had had this discussion before and he himself had interrogated King Ramis and knew it to be true, he was sure he would have known if the king had lied.  Medim began to laugh once more.
‘She’s not dead, find her... find her...’ Gath heard repeated it repeatedly, he rubbed his forehead trying to close his mind to Medim’s incessant chant and knowing the bouts of madness were becoming more and more frequent.  The headaches were also getting worse now and with each failed attempt at the gateway, his personalities split and Medim became stronger.  The image in the glass continued to laugh maniacally as the room slowly returned to a normal temperature and the reflection changed, the voice in his head dimmed as the image merged and fused with that of Gath’s own until finally, MeGath saw only himself reflected in the night dark glass, with pain etched firmly across his features.  With a sigh, MeGath turned away from the window and walked toward the door.
‘Toby,’ he called to the man waiting in the antechamber, ‘the bodies Toby, get rid of them, deal with them as you did the others.’  Slowly he turned and made his way up to his rooms in the top of the tower, the tower given to Medim a long time ago by his father, Ramis.  ‘Oh and Toby, find out what happened to the Princess Celendra for me, I don’t care how long it takes... dead or alive, find her.’
Toby watched his master leave and limped slowly into the cold room, he smiled when he saw the bodies on the floor, the pain from his stiff leg suddenly forgotten.  King MeGath would be tired after an experiment of this magnitude and would require specialist help to get his strength back and when MeGath needed ‘the blood’, it meant there was usually a little something left for Toby himself to play with.
‘This is such a wonderful place…’ Toby whispered aloud as he piled the bodies into a more manageable fashion and wrapped both the wizened old men in the rug from the floor.  Drained of life energy and dried out as they were, the bodies weighed next to nothing, more awkward than heavy he lifted the rug on to his shoulders and holding it tightly one arm, he re-opened the door to the chamber, limped the length of the anteroom and carried on down the steps toward the basement of the tower.  Once there he opened the shutter to the roaring furnace and deftly threw the bodies inside, he heard a soft whump as the rug landed on the fire and the acrid smell of burning wool hit his nostrils along with a shower of hot ash as he closed the shutter once more.  Returning to the tower room, he cleaned the blood from the marble altar and replaced it on the shelf designed to hold it before wrapping the dead infant in an old piece of tapestry.  He walked across to the drapes left askew by his king, reached up to open them fully and as he did so, the absolute stillness of the night outside struck him and a strong almost tangible silence filled the night after the noise created by the storm.  Across the bay, he watched as a small sailing ship finally gave up her struggle and sank beneath the waves.  Under the bright moonlight, no evidence of the ship remained except a small grating that drifted purposefully against the tide toward the harbour, intrigued, Toby watched until the grating beached itself in a small inlet far below.  A last glance around the chamber assured him all was ready for the next time MeGath wanted to use the room so picking up the tapestry bundle he returned to the furnace and threw the drained infant into the roaring flames.  His official job finished, he quickly followed his instincts and ran as fast as he could down the narrow stairwell and out of the castle, stepping awkwardly over the debris the storm had left behind.  Down through the broken trees and fallen roof tiles and past the weather beaten stables with the still shivering horses, he could hear the stable hands as they sang soft spells of calm and tranquillity, trying to pacify the scared beasts.  Down he went until he was almost directly below the high tower MeGath used for his experiments.  There on the small almost enclosed beach he found the grating that the doomed ship’s officers and mages had given their lives to protect.  A young girl, unconscious and tied tightly to the wooden slats lay as if dead.  Quickly looking around to ensure he was alone, he smiled, his scarred face pulling into a leer as the scars distorted.
“Ello me love, I’m thinking the king’ll wanna see you!’  He said, as he cut the magically held knots, lifted the cold wet girl onto his shoulders and slowly retraced his steps back to the castle and toward MeGath.


Chapter 2 
The Lady Prays


MeGath’s energy bolt had sped through the vast inky black and empty space of the ether echoing strangely, carrying with it its own resonance, the sacrificed children’s pain and suffering sitting beside those memories they themselves had held dear, those of the future, of the promise of kindness and of love.  Further and further the energy sped, ever nearer the barrier of the void, gathering momentum all the time as the children’s souls cried out in torment, able to see the ‘Journey Gates’ but unable to enter and begin their own.
Dangerously close to the roots of the magic and the barrier itself, stood an ethereal figure in flowing white and blue robes, her long blonde hair fell gracefully around her gossamer form like a silk shawl, at her neck, a crystal reflected the fire from the magic’s shimmering roots that threatened to engulf her.  As she stared at the nacreous tendrils of glowing light that made up the roots of magic, they seemed to shiver and darken somehow, the iridescent quality not quite as it had been but before she could ponder the ramifications of the darkening stain, she felt the power of MeGath’s energy as it entered the ether.  She turned her light gossamer frame toward the bolt of energy as it flew toward the roots and moving slightly, she waited in its path.  Opening her arms, she welcomed it into her soul, intercepting it before it could rip asunder the thin barrier of the void and release the evil it held back.  As it pierced her delicate and insubstantial form she screamed, her intense blue eyes closing with the pain.  Quickly, she plucked and held the tiny glowing souls of the children from the vast quantities of energy that surrounded her completely before repelling the bolt with all her might and returning it from whence it came.
‘Not this time father,’ she whispered, ‘not this time,’ she added again and smiled as she released the souls into the ether and watched as two of the tiny glowing orbs sped toward the golden gates which had opened ready to accept them, a huge golden bull like creature stood waiting at the entrance.
‘Why have you remained, it is safe for you now...’ the lady spoke kindly as she opened her palm allowing the remaining orb to rest there, it pulsed and shone like a heartbeat made of light,  ‘no,’ the lady smiled sadly at the beautiful ball of light.  ‘My time has not come, not just yet,’ she said and turned looking wistfully after the bright spark of the energy bolt flying swiftly back toward Arotia.  ‘I have a little more I must do,’ she added as she smiled again and released the glowing ball of light at her palm.  Gently it lifted and began to move toward the Gates and the golden bull, she sighed wearily as it joined the others flying through the ether and she returned he gaze toward the repelled energy bolt.
The bolt flew through the vast inky blackness of space back toward MeGath and the Lady watched its path, it came close to a small dead planet and it ploughed on through scattering the detritus everywhere.  The new meteors, each having picked up a little energy from the bolt became shooting stars, leaving a glittering tail in their wakes as they began separate journeys into the depths of the ether, there is such beauty amongst this ugliness, the Lady thought as she watched the shooting stars begin their short journey across the heavens.  Ahead in the darkness, the Lady could see the reason she would not accept the pull of the Journey Gates, a pale slim tube, barely there it was so frail, a spiralling worm of weak energy, pulsing with a faint heartbeat and the beat pulsing in time with that of her only child.  She did not know why or how the tube was still viable only that it was and she knew that within its sealed and damaged framework it contained the almost lifeless form of her son, Gideon and his companions.
Before the open Journey Gates and standing beside the huge golden bull that guarded them, she had judged and blamed herself for not being the mother he had needed, she had died, leaving him to mercy before even giving him life.  She had sworn on the very gates before her that she would not begin her journey until he was safe, his soul safe, and safe from his natural father who would destroy him if he could, just as he had destroyed her mother and tried to destroy her.
If the Lady had been able to breathe, she would have held her breath now, as the energy bolt collided with the insubstantial tubeworm.  It surrounded its delicate framework with its power and light forcing life back into almost dead lines and the gossamer tendrils of magic that held it together.  Like the umbilical cord that attached a new babe to its mother, it began to pulse strongly once more, its glowing bubble shaped end that surrounded the sleeping figures held in abeyance inside, glowed with energy.  The returning bolt swept on leaving a glowing trail, a beacon for the damaged wormlike tube to follow slowly, finally completing the pathway Thaddrick had hurriedly set up ten long years ago.  The Lady looked once more at the figure of her son sleeping peacefully inside and wiped away an invisible tear, the force needed to return the energy bolt had been great and she did not know if she had the strength to make it to the Journey Gates alone.  Still though, she stayed, she prayed to the Gods to give her the time needed to aid her son in his quest to save two worlds and rid the cosmos of the evil that was MeGath.  MeGath will judge himself and find himself wanting, she thought as the now glowing tubeworm slowly followed the trail of energy, finding its way through the darkening stain of evil that was surrounding the world like a cloud in front of the sun.


Chapter 3
Awakening


Far away, amid one of Arotia’s vast mountain ranges and deep inside a large extinct volcano, the change in the magic’s roots sparked a small fire, as it flashed into life; tiny yellow and orange flames cast long dancing shadows around the walls of a hall that had seen no light or life for centuries.  The ice walls slowly turned from their natural blue and green in the reflection of the flames.  Drip-drip, drip-drip... the age-old ice slowly began to thaw, the leisurely and steady drip of melting water strangely echoed the beating of an equally old heart as it too began to stir from its enforced slumber within the dead volcanic tomb.


._._._

